-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awbrtx/another_post_about_a_guy_just_starting_out/

I'm sure there's tons of these posts and it'll probably get lost in the pile but I'm gonna write it anyways...I'm 41 and haven't taken more than 2 days off of heavy drinking (10 beers/shots each evening) in 7+ years. I've tried so many times but just couldn't break it...Recently I started getting some health scares which has convinced me that it's time to either **sober up or die**...I choose life and am proud to say I am 5 days sober now. ..I'm keeping myself busy in the evenings to avoid thinking about it but the struggle is real folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!  
Yeah keeping busy in the evenings is important for me too...I use AA meetings as well as local MeetUps...Once the weather gets warmer I can start cycling again...Good luck!
Keep up the great work!!! You've made a wise decision. 
You can do this. Those of us in our 40s on this sub rock!
Great job! First week is the most challenging and you're almost through it. Wishing you the best!
Early on the struggle is brutal. It will get better with time. As you continue to abstain  your urges and cravings will weaken and occur less often...Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Keep at it
Dude can we keep in touch? I am starying tomorrow and can't string two damn days together. So ready tho. Tomorrow is my day one. 
Congratulations. .it's not lost in the pile. You can absolutely do this. I'm wishing you the best.   Keep checking in. We're all here for you. 
Way to go! Getting past day three and four is huge. It was for me and a lot of people. I wish you all the best.
5 days is awesome. I really started feeling like myself again around that fifth day. I hope you're getting some positive effects!
Way to go!!  I was in a similar state over a year ago!  I feel so much better and look a lot better too ( if I do say so myself!  . IWNDWYT! 
Be on the watch for DTs. Stopping suddenly can be dangerous w/o care but I hope ya can. I read "Every drunk had his own story unique to that person but the all those stories end one of two ways - he quits or he dies."
Congrats on 5 days!  My first week was hard because I didn't know what to do with myself. All of a sudden I had so much time!  I read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace and it helped me a lot. Stay strong!
[removed]
you can do it. this is a wonderful place to find support and tips for maintaining a healthy lifestyle. IWNDWYT. 
[removed]
Welcome.  It is possible.  Good folks here to help out.  Kick some ass.
Glad you found this sub it has been invaluable to me for sobriety. I had a hard time the first month and then around day 90 but right now I am cruising!! It gets better it's worth it and I have read stories about people drinking much heavier than you able to stop. You can do this and you're doing it for the best reason. IWNDWYT.
I'm excited for you! 42 here.
I'm proud too! With you and for you. IWNDWYT 
5 days is huge. Way to go!
That's awesome to hear. Welcome sober friend!
I'm 42 too myself. My life is now better than ever.
I'm on your side. Feel free to contact whenever you feel like talking. 
Way to go dude! Yes the struggle is real but it gets better! I'm glad youre here!
Love it man. Way to go!
Don't  think you got lost in the pile. There is no age to have  a problem. Your in the right place! Iwndwyt 
"Lost in the pile"?..We don't do that. No. We don't. .Good on you. Stay strong. You can count on us.  I will not drink in the next 5 minutes.  Rinse. Repeat.  Makes the sober time fly by.  -sometimes. At other times at the start it can be hard.  ..When you're in trouble post. Or read this sub.
Well done! I threw myself into writing and studying Japanese in the first 3 weeks. My only goal was to take my mind of the 'boredom'. When I had a bad craving I bought a pack of Heineken 0.0% beers that did help. I also stayed out of pubs and avoided drinking friends. Now I'm 110 days in I've started cycling and doing qi gong and I'm not at all bored! I also went to the pub last week to meet a friend and I had 2 NA beers and was...Meh I'm missing nothing! Good luck..I'm 47 btw!
Another reply from a guy just starting out...keep coming back here be kind to yourself (man - was this a hard one for me to understand believe take action upon) do whatever it takes.  IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT
Yes. You got this. I'M PROUD OF YOU. You matter. Sometimes we just have to realize that life is worth more than Poisioning ourselves. I'm just starting out too. I have 3 days sober. I'm realizing the same thing. 
I went  and still go to AA.  I have almost 12000 days now .  I encourage all of you to stay on the path.  There are several paths and I have used of many of them  sometimes you need more help than an internet sub  or what people with the same affliction can provide.  In the past 32 years of my sobriety new treatments have emerged new ideas about the disease and how it effects the individual the family and society.  Stay strong when you can't  get help ...there are others who want and will help you.  
Congrats  43 here and just hit my first week sober in more than a decade this community has helped more than you can imagine  use it.  You can do this 
We've all been there and ended up here. You're off to a good start. You can do it!!! 
The struggle is real. It does get easier most days. I can tell you it is so worth it to have that big drunken monkey off of your back. .IWNDWYT 
Good so far. Quite similar to Allen Carr
