-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awbx4a/just_paid_off_a_credit_card_i_had_maxed_out_due/

Just wanted to celebrate and remind anyone who is struggling right now about what can be accomplished by quitting drinking. After 10 years of overspending on parties and alcohol and making poor financial decisions that were often alcohol induced I had accumulated ~$40k of credit card debt. Quit drinking about 9 months ago had a rough start to sobriety lost my job and accumulated a few medical bills. But I've slowly been getting back on track. I've reduced my debt to ~$25k and just paid off my highest interest credit card. It feels sooooo much more satisfying than blacked out nights of drinking too much followed by hangovers and self loathing. Yeah I feel anxious and bored sometimes without drinking but overall being sober fucking rocks!..I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

15k takes me 8 months of working to make
Way to go! I just added up my receipts and was averaging $250/mo on alcohol and cigarettes... Both of which I quit 5 days ago :)
That is fantastic!!!! I'm looking forward to doing the same!! 
Great job! This month I was able to put away my first $1000 into my saving after paying rent. 
Dude you rock! My hero. 
I won't drink with you today!
That's awesome congratulations! That is my main goal I have about 10k in credit card debt and I would always stress about it. It's still stressful but at least now I know I can work on it since I'm not drinking. 
Real progress!.Congrats
this makes me feel so hopeful! after moving across the country twice in a year and drinking far too much i'm about $25k in credit card debt. this makes me hopeful about my future. thank you so much for this
Dude this rocks turns out that Friday nights are hard for me. But this sub is my first stop for stories like this! Rock on! IWNDWYT
Awesome job!
That's so great! My finances have taken a turn too. It's awesome and encourages me to budget even better.
That's so awesome dude! Im at like 12k right now mainly from quitting my job....my biggest trigger. Doesn't count my car but when I start my new job I want it 3/4 of the credit cards gone. Gonna just knock out one at a time. Way to go! IWNDWYT 
That's awesome! My stop drinking app says something like $200 but I think I was in denial when I plugged in my daily cost. IWNDWYT
I always knew it was a waste but somehow justified it.  Taking $100 out of the ATM every Friday to go party just became something I did.  To be able to put an extra $400 into savings every month is a great feeling.  
FUCK YEAH!!! Great job man!!!
Hell yeah! that is amazing. Usually at this point in the week I'd be broke but I have enough money to get me through until my next pay cheque no problem for the first time in a long time! Such an amazing feeling. 
Excellent motivator for me. And well done on your journey. I guess that each day of small things adds up to big rewards. 
This is hopeful and good to hear. I'm in about $15k in debt from a year of relapsing multiple times. I love hearing about how things get better for those who stay sober. No drinking today!! 
This is my goal for the year as well 0 debt when 2020 rolls around.
That's awesome OP! 
That's AWESOME. I got approved for a balance transfer card this week for the same reason. After my divorce I started spending my Saturdays in a nightclub where my drinks were $18 each. Those prices plus a high tolerance meant payday for the credit card company...So anyone reading with the same issue look into a balance transfer credit card they do 0% interest for 12-18 months. There is a balance transfer fee (2-5% paid one time so shop around) and that's it. Even if you can't knock out the whole balance you can help.
Very very cool...Being in control is *always* cool...IWNDWYT
Yes!
Nice work. IWNDWYT  
IWNDWYT
oh hell yeah WildPhilo!..THIS is a celebration... ..I've saved droves of dollars since and am pounding away my loans (from college... STILL at 40; and it was not that much!... I was one of the *lucky* ones.)..&amp;#x200B;..Alcohol is a lesson isn't it? I'm finding that I'm OK with the past. It's built me up to who I am today. And I like this guy OK LOL..&amp;#x200B;..Congrats on your 278+ days my friend!  ...I will not drink with you today! +1
Good for you. My husband and I are chipping away at ~$90K in debt some irresponsible and some due to medical bills. Paying off each bit is a good feeling and not spending on alcohol is going to help so much. 
I can't quite comprehend the difference to my finances since I stopped drinking - paid off a huge amount of debt and have a meeting on Monday to work out what to do with the substantial surplus in my bank account...That wasn't the reason I stopped but it's a hugely welcome side-effect! 
Looking to be right there with you!!! 
What a tangible benefit of your new lifestyle. Congratulations! Debt free from here on out! Well at least no more booze debt
this is an awesome testimony!  i have about 15k debt due to drinking and poor spending and its been daunting thinking about how long it will take to pay off.  so its good hearing about other people paying off debts even higher than mine.  thank you kind sir!
Wohoo congrats!!
