-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awdoc6/30_things_that_have_changed_in_30_days/

I no longer wake up in pain and contemplating suicide...I don't feel as helpless or as hopeless.  There are days where I'm still sad where I still struggle with motivation but at least I can get through it and recognize my triggers...People say I look different - my face has greatly deflated my eyes are brighter and wider I'm smiling more...I care about my appearance more and put more thought into my outfits/style...I'm more present around others. ..I'm reaching out to friends more.  I'm able to be there for people...My social anxiety has gone way down (I was a secret drinker not a social one.  Had a lot of anxiety that people would figure out I was drunk.)..I have not called out of work once...I started a new job last week that I'm utterly passionate about...I'm able to make new relationships with my coworkers and not hide...I'm more present and vocal in meetings...I can remember things better...I'm more proactive at work.  If there's nothing to do I'll make something for myself to do...I show up everyday on time...I've started driving with Uber for extra side cash!  I'm now the DD for all the partiers and I'm getting paid for it!..My sleep cycle is back to regular clockwork - no more sleepless nights going to bed at 5 am sleeping away hangovers...I can dream again!  I completely lost my ability to dream at night because of drinking...My therapist almost literally jumps out of her seat every week I come in with another week sober...I've started a podcast am planning some international travels and I'm pitching a TV series to a fairly well known network - all things I've wanted to do but never could because of alcohol...My apartment is cleaner tidier and my cats are never neglected.  ..My skin is so much clearer my acne is almost not even a problem anymore...I'm taking my vitamins daily...I'm much wiser and considerate with spending...I've back to being vegetarian!  I'm meal prepping and eating much healthier.  No more pizzas and burritos at 2 am...I have more patience and I'm way less irritable...I'm starting to think long term about my future and where I want to be this time next year...I'm starting to see drinking problems in other people - which is very much a double edged sword...I'm not happy with my body but I'm starting to feel a little more okay in it.  I used to hate even looking at myself in the mirror.  My body image will always be an issue but at least now my desire to self harm over it is almost none...Overall - I have my motivation back - motivation to live up to what I know I'm capable of.  The motivation to be a good employee.  A funny caring and sensitive friend.  A responsible and hardworking son to my mom.  A protective older brother that tells my little sister that I love her.  A person that lends their time and shows up for other people.  ..I'm trying to become more compassionate with myself.  No more wallowing helplessly but also trying to get rid of the "pick yourself up by the bootstraps" mentality.  I'm not a dead plant.  I just need some water and some nurturing and I'll bloom again...&amp;#x200B;..It's all thanks to you guys.  I've come here literally everyday in this past month.  I've posted I've talked to other people and I've read so many stories like mine.  There's ALWAYS someone on here like you - from day 1 to day 1000.  We're all our own cheerleaders in here and there's something about just typing out "IWNDWYT!" everyday to a total stranger that somehow shows so much solidarity and motivation.  I've been to many an AA meeting but the support and positivity I see on here is unlike anything I've seen before.  It's fucking LIT in here.  Thanks you guys.  I'm so motivated to tackle 30 more and 30 more after that.  ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT!!!!!  
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing! Congratulations!
Thank you for posting this. It is so encouraging. Congratulations!
Good stuff. IWNDWYT!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Great post. Gives me a lot to look forward to. I'm on day 2.
Wow impressive! If this is what you've achieved after 30 days then I can't wait to see where you are in a year. 
I love lists like this! .Such a powerful reminder. Thank you. ..IWNDWYT 
Much love your way   \\ ( ' ' )  //  
What a beautiful list! Well done! 
Great post! Congrats on 30 days 
I think you are he male version of me haha
This is a great list and fantastic motivation for others to see a 30 day benefit. You motivated me to do my own list this morning. There's a lot in common! Thank you for sharing. 
It's amazing what 30 days of sobriety can bring...But your first comment pretty much sums everything up for me...Thank you for taking the time to post this...iwndwyt
Congrats these kinds of posts help me look forward to more sober days!
IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing friend. More proof that "It is so worth it" is worth remembering. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Well written. You've made a lot of progress in 30 days. IWNDWYT
You mentioned suicide and I just realized I haven't thought about that since I stopped drinking. It was never like I wanted to commit suicide but on my bad drinking nights I'd think about how if I did die at least I wouldn't hurt anymore. ..However I'm so much happier now. I feel like it's possible to get the things I want in life. This is a positive thing! IWNDWYT 
Brilliant post and congratulations keep up the fantastic effort
