-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awhhyp/stunning_sober_saturdays/

Good morning folks..It's another glorious hangover free Saturday for me. It feels so nice to wake up feeling refreshed rested and ready to enjoy the day ahead. I look back at the times when I was drinking heavily and wonder why it took me this long to reap the benefits of sobriety. I was so lost. I was hurting physically and mentally. I am not perfect by any means but my new "normal" is absolutely incredible. I hope everyone has a splendid day! For anyone who may be reading this and is struggling with making a decision to put down the sauce. I highly recommend giving it a try. Give yourself a chance to discover the other side. I think you will be pleasantly surprised. Obviously it's not all sunshine and daisies but for me it's the only way to be! Best wishes to all!
----------immediate responses--------

Being hangover free is the only good thing momentarily about my Saturday morning. Our heat went out last night on the coldest night we've had in a while. It's snowing like mad outside and I've been up since 6 hoping the guy coming to fix it would miraculously be able to get down our unplowed street to fix it:( I'm freezing but hey I'm sober. I'd rather be cold and covered in 4 comforters then hungover any day. 
Yes!!!! This is exactly how I felt this morning waking up with no hangover and instead a clear and rested mind. Sober Saturday mornings are the best. Keep it up! IWNDWYT!
Yes! Woke up too early but on a new mattress with new succulent sheets holding my man in my arms and NOT feeling like shit cause I drink a whole bottle of Tito's and ginger beer. Like you I don't know how the fuck I stayed wasted every Saturday for over 3 years. Insanity really. So proud of you! Have a stunning day  
IWNDWYT
Yess! This is my first Saturday morning sober actually and I'm loving it. I don't remember the last time I had a productive Saturday since I usually spent the entire day hungover and trying to recover. Now I'm looking forward to getting my shit together today and a good workout  
Jealous of your snow! It's quite sunny here in Yorkshire. I would love for some wintry weather 
Yeah fresh Saturday mornings are great... I was sitting there bored at the bar last night watching my so and bil get lit af. I was a little craving but then I thought about this moment... totally worth it to have a day. IWNDWYT 
My only issues the massive breakfasts theses days on a weekend instead of feeling sick and not eating the whole weekend just boozing  oh the horrible memories
I like not having a hangover but the thing I hate about weekends is since I'm not working all there is to do is watch TV because its winter and too cold and icy to walk anywhere 
There hasn't been one morning yet I've woken up and regretted not drinking the night before!!
I plan on spending my Saturday with my kids. Used to be Saturday was spent trying to get over the massive hangover. Now I have a full day to hang out with my ladies. IWNDWYT!
Hiya. Thanks for your super positive post. Sobriety rocks..sober Saturdays are the best. I'm grateful today. Let's sober on friend. IWNDWYT  
I agree! This is my first sober Saturday in a very very long time!  It's wonderful!
I am also glad I woke up hangover free.  However not sure if I can get through another night without drinking.   ( 2 bottles of wine in the downstairs cabinet).  See I have 4 months sobriety.   Things are are definitely significantly better.  I had great month financially  which I desperately needed. So now I want to self sabotage myself.  Why Oh Why do I want to do this to myself.    I am my own worst enemy.  
First sober Saturday in a while here.  Was craving it last night but glad I didn't drink.  
I used to complain all the time how early my kids woke up. Turns out if you're not hungover it's not that big of a deal. Don't get me wrong I'd still like to sleep past 630 but...
Was thinking the same thing when I woke up. No regrets this weekend. Your positivity is inspiring
I don't know why it took me so long to get off that hamster wheel either. Almost every second of my free time; drink hangover drink hangover. . .So very many lost weekends behind me. I guess the why is addiction but when you stop feeding it it feels so silly and needless...Oh well. No dwelling on lost time. That just loses more time and I'm done with all of that. I got shit to do and things to enjoy. Best wishes back at you! 
Bingo. Woke up early and ran a couple miles. I'd still be in bed feeling like crap if I drank. Full day ahead of me and it feels amazing!!!!! 
Saturdays are fucking awesome now.  I look forward to them all week.  I used to drink Friday nights and then be hungover all day Saturday.  
I used to wake up after blacking out on fridays with not only a crippling hangover but crippling anxiety over the fact I couldn't remember what I said or did. .Not I can wake up ready for the day and actually enjoy it. 
Positive!
In the early days nights were way harder than the next morning. I never woke up wishing ultimately that I had drank the night before. After my first month away from bars I started going again with friends and drinking juice. The urge to drink usually dies off after a few rounds and seeing how quick people turn into a mess. Those experiences helped me out loads and the mornings are great :)
Nice job!
Nice work!!! Keep it up
IWNDWYT! Waking up not hungover waking up not scared with no feeling of impending doom actually being able drink a nice cup of coffee and keep it down. And waking up to a day off that won't be wasted recovering from the night before. It's glorious! Thank you for posting this! 
Glad you're having a great Saturday! I was up at 5:00 got the dishes done made breakfast for my family. We're just relaxing and watching Spider-Man now. I don't miss the days where I slept until noon and woke up feeling like death. 
Break on through to the other side!!! I love this!!!     .IWNDWYT 
It's the best and it is sooooo powerful!.
I can't believe I made it to 60 days almost. Sometimes I miss getting shit faced but I think this is for the best. 
Today is my day doing  just this and I'm finally feeling at peace and comfortable with the decision Reading this post makes it even better. Thank you! 
I recently switched from PM shifts to AM shifts at my job so I had to get up at 5AM. It was great waking up without the fogginess from the consequences of the night before and I had all the energy I needed to tackle the day! IWNDWYT.
Thanks dude right back at you. .Actually doing shit rather than remorse or regret is pretty fucking awesome.
What made it stick for you?.
Alco-sleep also is damn horrible. 
The  medicine  cabinet in the wall next to the bathroom sink. I made a discovery this morning. Short list of things I needed at least weekly to function in society: three kinds of otc pain killers anti diarrhea med antacids a whitening and a lubricating eyedrop plus the melatonin and assorted other sleep aids that never worked. ..A little more room for nice things like a face cleanser more than one kind of cologne an actual after shave lotion. It has been a lot of little things in addition to the big ones I notice more as the weeks go by. 
Never gets old
I couldn't agree more!   
Nice I haven't had a sober Sunday since ?????  
So great!
