-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ax1hq5/this_is_it/

Or at least I fucking hope so. Also wasn't that an 80s song? I don't know if y'all are tired of my trials and tribulations yet but.....Here we go: I can't keep doing this. I can't keep drinking. My body is suffering and I have an active job my mind is lagging and I need to have keen attention for my job as well my mental health is already struggling and I know drinking is only making it worse. ..But every other night I find myself right back in the bottle no memory in the morning of the previous evenings happenings blacking out in my bed in disarray. It's been this way for three plus years ever since my wife walked out and was evidently cheating on me. Clearly there's much much more to the story. Yet I still feel like such a weak piece of shit that's stuck in the past and just can't get over or through the pain of my past. ..I know in my thick skull that alcohol hasn't isn't and won't help I just keep going back. Maybe I like the abuse all the way around. I don't know but I'm at my wits end. I know I need to do something I know I need to change I've made positive changes before I know I can. I just don't know how. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you...I honestly just had to get to the point where I was sick of it. Just sick of it...That was the motivation to at least get me started on getting better...Good luck to you.
I know where you are coming I have been where you are. Reaching out is a commendable start. Your willingness to get honest about your current situation and share it with others shows something positive. You are also asking for a solution which is good. It may not feel like it but you are well on your way. ..It helps my recovery to jump in these groups and encourage others. I thank you for the opportunity. If you want to do what I did make your way to a room where others are suffering just like you identify a person in there who has something you want and ask them what they did. 
This going to sound really odd but when I came to this point I asked God for help. I didn't believe in prayer nor God and I'm still not sure. But somehow giving up surrounding if you will worked. Then I reached out for human help. In my case I called my ex who told me to call a friend who had a friend in AA who took me to my first AA meeting. After that I did what they told me to do no questions asked. Since then I've asked a lot of questions--but I asked them as a sober person. Good luck to you. There's help out there. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VS52sEUqxMo Kenny Loggins ft. Michael McDonald. I only know this because I am a yacht rock fanatic. ..You can do this. The secret is: one day at a time. Maybe even one minute at a time to start out with. Break it down into chunks of time you can manage. Then do it again. Don't think about the big picture it's too overwhelming. You can start stringing days together and if you fall down you get back up and try again. You start trying to beat your personal best. It becomes easier because at some point drinking feels awful in comparison to staying sober. The most important thing to remember is to never give up. Don't beat yourself up just dust off and try again. I will not drink with you today  
This Is It is one of my sober anthems. It's a great song to play really loud in the car and sing at the top of your lungs as you drive on by the liquor store. (See also: I'm Coming Out by Diana Ross.) ..Are you going to wait for a sign? Your miracle? Stand up and fight. ..Kenny knows where it's at. ..
