-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ax7cwv/120_day_relapse/

I gave in to my anxiety I drank at my friends wedding this past Saturday. I had a great time awesome night woke up feeling pretty good. But on Sunday afternoon I lied to myself and thought "I've got this" and bought myself a small bottle of bourbon. There I found myself again isolated at home drinking while the wife was at work. She came home commented "Are you going to be drinking every day now?" I said no and we had a pretty relaxed night...until I woke up at 2:30 am with the rapid heart beat cold sweats that very familiar and miserable panick-attack type feeling I remembered quite clearly. (This did not happen to me the night before)  I always thought that was from my non-stop drinking but this time there was no reason for it I had just begun drinking again. (Maybe something to do with my blood sugar I'm not sure) Old me would have headed straight for the cabinet for some more bourbon just to go back to sleep I did the same thing except this time I dumped it all out. Fuck that. I almost called out of work my wife encouraged me to but instead I went in and here I am typing this to you guys...I need to learn to cope with my anxiety. I've been having it lately with a lot of different things going on in my life over analyzing things feeling like I'm losing control of everything. I've been isolated the past few weeks (my wife's been working a lot) I smoked weed a couple of weeks ago which could have triggered it too not sure. I've been dieting and exercising (taking the dogs on long walks) but nothing was working to beat this anxiety. Maybe I need to talk about it more with other people maybe I need to go to therapy I'm not sure. ..Just had to get this off my chest. I'm going to need a badge reset :( 
----------immediate responses--------

I wake up the same way when I drink...rapid heart beat sweats etc. It SUCKS! And stopping drinking doesn't 100% help my anxiety but...I do think alcohol 100% doesn't help. 120 days is a lot it inspires me on my day 3. Thank you for sharing.
Yes you relapsed but you also cemented in your head just what its doing to you. Remember that feeling and you will make it past 120 days again I wish you the best of luck friend.
Thanks for giving us all some valuable  field research . ..I hope it's as useful to you as it is to me. ..All the best. Paul
Thank you for sharing this.  I get those creeper thoughts and have to remind myself that I'll try to drink what I used to drink but that my body is fully detoxed and I could kill myself accidentally.  Happened to a good friend of mine (was in his late 40's).  He was sober over a year in a sober living house drank died.  I know that alcohol is always trying to kill me no matter how innocent it looks at the time.
120 days is great. You can make it there again. 
Thanks for sharing as I am a couple days from 120 so I need to be aware of the pitfalls. 
I know its very demoralizing to start over.  120 days is a long time.  Sometimes i forget the reason i quit in the first place.  I have recently thought about smoking weed again and drinking.  Sobriety can be boring....You are not alone.  
The first serious attempt I made to quit drinking lasted about 120 days also until I gave in and got drunk one night with some friends. It was a blast. I thought that I'd drink a lot less going forward but instead I carried on much as before for another six years before finally getting sober a couple of summers ago...The anxiety you are feeling   overanalyzing things a sense of losing control feeling isolated   is pretty much universal among our tribe of alcoholics. What sobriety does is allow you to examine the roots of your anxiety and to take steps toward overcoming it without the distortive destructive effects of alcohol.  ..I found that by committing to my sobriety one day at a time through the structure of AA my anxiety disappeared. And I'm not the only one! Good luck.
When my anxiety stuck even after months of sobriety I realized there was more to my mental health that just getting sober couldn't fix. So I decided to explore ways to aid this   I went from having panic attacks almost daily for years to now being 5 months panic attack free. So far what's helped me is Somatic Experiencing therapy CBT meditation and mindfulness. And I need to be sober in order to practice any of these effectively...Best of luck to you and try and treat this lapse as a lesson rather than a defeat.
I still have anxiety. It's so much more manageable without drinking but it hasnt disappeared. Therapy is helping immensely as is meditation and yoga. ..Have you considered meditating?..Iwndwy
My family is going away next weekend and I'll have the house all to myself. I started to think "hey who is going to know if I have a little booze on Friday" so I started seriously considering considering picking up some whiskey and having a bender.   No point in having a little wine or a 4-pack of some high end beer.  I like those things but I crave whiskey.  I want the burn in my throat when I take a sip...Anyway after having little to no symptoms of anxiety for the last few months I started getting very nervous. I started waking up in the middle of the night. I started having flashbacks to things I have done when drunk that range from cringey to completely shitty.  I started getting fidgety at work and at home and I didn't even drink. I just THOUGHT about drinking.  When that occurred to me I pretty much accepted that I won't be drinking this weekend or ever...See for me I didn't quit because I hit some rock bottom. Truth be told I probably hit rock bottom some 20 years ago. I just kept drinking oblivious I was even there.  I quit drinking because I could not longer deal with my shame from drinking. That shame started impacting my sober life and making me a worse Father partner employee and citizen even when I wasn't drinking.  It was the realization that every time I opened the liquor cabinet I was reopening the door on all that shame that finally got me to stop.  Now I'm dealing with that shame and there are some things that I won't be able to make amends for but for those things I can at least try and be a better person and for me that means staying sober...Best of luck. To beat yourself up to bad about the relapse..
You mention weed but do you regularly use caffeine? That's the main source of anxiety for me.
Anxiety sucks man it's one of my biggest triggers. There's lots of things you can do therapy meditation breathing exercises herbal treatment stretching yoga etc etc try a bunch of different things hopefully something works. Have a check up with your doctor too just to be safe.. all the best 
I struggled with terrible anxiety used alcohol to cope. Nothing helped aside for meds which I wasn't going to take forever just enough to get my head out of water until I got therapy. I highly recommend it when I committed to it I was up to 50+ anxiety attacks a day now I have maybe 2 a month. Good for you for dumping the alcohol and staying on the track!..Tip: one of the biggest changes that helped was a timer set on my phone 6 times a day it didn't matter what I was doing went it went off I took 3 deep long slow breaths. It's amazing what just taking a moment can do. Good luck!
I just relapsed at 154 days. It was Saturday night but I still feel like shit and I'm so mad at myself. I totally disrupted the peace I had going and I'm so mad
After a break from alcohol we are not as well adjusted to drinking it. I saw this during my relapse. I felt sick drinking even more sick after that. I think that's a good thing. Even more reasons to stay away from it...IWNDWYT
You've got this - the anxiety will pass give it time.  .IWNDWYT!
A book called  The Anxiety and Phobia Workbook  was recommended to me and really helped me understand my type of anxiety and tips for it. There's a good bit in that book about panic attacks and how/why they happen.  It's on Amazon if you want to check it out. 
Fuck yeah! good job on pouring that shit out and getting back on the path!
I'm so sorry about your relapse. But it sounds like you are right back at Sobriety! So thats good. I relapsed in March of 2016 after more than 3 years sober. I let it go on for over 7 months... It almost killed me. I almost lost everything. I'm not as smart as you are. I have Panic Attacks too! Had a good one yesterday freaking out about my birthday today I guess. What I wanted to tell you after 20 years of these attacks that maybe happen to me 2-3 times a year is this. I once told a counselor that my attacks lasted about an hour. He said  No they don't . But they did! He suggested that I time them from then on &amp; report back to him in 6 months. So I did and still do that. Not ONE has even lasted 20 minutes! They hover around 17-18 minutes. IT helps me a lot. Maybe could help you too?
Welcome back. Glad you're here.
Man I know it's cliche but for me 1 is too many and 25 ain't enough. .Drinking isn't my problem; I'm my problem and drinking is just a symptom. That's why I stay plugged into the recovery community. 
way to dump the rest out can't get it back now!!
The waking up in guilt/panic was a major factor that has led me to go on my current sobriety streak.  The funny thing is I don't get it if I drink on a Saturday night or a fun event like the wedding you mentioned.  It's when I drink alone at home on a week day when I wake up with the guilt/panic feeling.  Either way it's so much better not dealing with that!
Anxiety is sort of a puzzle for me too. It is hard to know what it signals(if anything) or if it just is what it is. The more I try to get rid of it the worse it seems to get. I know anxiety isn't dangerousand eventually it will usually go away but it can be truly debilitating at times. .I don't have the answer I just have the same question as you do.. I won't drink with you today! 
Dont beat urself up..Ditch the booze
I'm sorry about your relapse. Sending you best wishes for getting back on track. You can do this. IWNDWYT
