-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axlby3/does_anyone_elses_family_get_off_on_their/

My family seems to need me to be their scapegoat. When I came home from rehab for a weekend they took me to a wine bar (none of my family drink problematically); when I try to get sober and start to struggle they happily drive me to the shop or offer to go themselves or help me look for my bankcard (I've always lost it somewhere) without asking me if it's the best idea. But they all talk amongst themselves about how hard it is to have an alcoholic in the family and how it affects them. Once I got sober for four months and came home for Christmas and they told me they wouldn't drink either but then my Dad said to my sister clearly within earshot that it would be more enjoyable with some wine. Has anyone had a similar experience? 
----------immediate responses--------

I've seen this. My uncles and aunties used my mum like that. Their drinking is fine as long as they encourage her to be worse. Fuck that shit. 
No but it sounds like it's all in how you play this (if you're able to). If they say wine would be nice tell them to go for it! In fact show up with a bottle as a gift and tell them if they want to poison their bodies that's their business but you choose not to. The more unphased you seem the better! However you know your family and yourself better so if you think just calling them out on their behavior directly would work better that's an option too. Either way I'd let them know that you expect their full support. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
I had to go No Contact with my entire family because they were a big reason for my drinking.  And none of them know I quit because I know I'll start getting bad vibes from them and I don't need to deal with that.  They are huge enablers especially my grandmother.  I'm easier to control when I'm drinking- I have no self-esteem and my mind is fertile ground for programming.  You couldn't swing an old rope without hitting an alcoholic on both sides of my family and I had to bow out.
I think my husband does...he's a normy..can drink one and stop.  So when I stop and doing good he wants to go out and first thing he does is order me a drink.  In his mind if he drinks alone he has a problem..so in a way I guess I'm a scape goat...no more I told him this time I'm done one day at a time but hopefully forever...day 4 of relapse for me today...good luck btw I personally had to cut family members out FOR NOW.  This is my journey and i have to be a little selfish till I'm strong enough to mentally deal with everything..Goodluck.Iwndwyt 
I avoid people who don't respect my personal choices.
My husband has agreed not to drink anymore also...so that helps we actually talked last night and I told him for now if we go out it cant be a bar no booze in the house and I cant have him telling me after awhile you can have one now ...I cant one turns into a 15 or more day binge from am to pm... 
I've learned through both weight loss and drinking less that some people in my life needed me around as a bad example...."Oh sure I could stand to lose a few pounds but I'm not as fast as OG...".."Maybe I do drink more than I should sometimes but I've got it under control.  I mean look at OG.... THAT'S a guy with a drinking problem and I'm *nothing* like him."..When I started bettering myself when I got to the point where I was healthier than they were (either weight or drinking) their #1 "I'm not this bad" comparison stopped being a comfort and started being a *threat*...After years of being their constant comfort that they were "ok" I became their constant reminder that they were *not* OK.  That they *could* do better...For some they eventually adjusted....For others I eventually had to minimize contact with some of them and completely cut off some...But I had to develop at my core a rabid selfishness to put my *needs* above their *feelings*...And I make no apologies for that.
You've mentioned some really emotionally unhealthy behaviors that occur in your family.  I come from a toxic family as well although I am no longer in contact with them.  I found the information on this website to be incredibly enlightening:  [https://outofthefog.website/traits](https://outofthefog.website/traits)..I didn't find it until after I had ceased contact unfortunately but it helped validate my feelings about some of the things that occurred in my family.  Who knew that your mother isn't supposed to pretend you don't exist for periods of time and refuse to tell you why or what you did to deserve it?  It helped me to see it for the messed up behavior it really was and that yeah of course it made me feel like crap!..You mentioned seeing a therapist so perhaps you've already covered this territory.  I would just make myself scarce and survive this time until I could get out.  In fact that is exactly what I did in several periods of my life where I was enmeshed with my family (before I was legally able to leave and twice after when I got suckered into being involved with them again).  Sometimes you just gotta hang on and grit your teeth until you get your chance to escape.  Good luck.  ..&amp;#x200B;
Wow it sounds like you're in a tight spot. Sounds like you're in a toxic family that is so intimidated by your accomplishments that they have to focus on this  fault  in order to try to drag you down to their level. I hope your house sitting gig starts sooner rather than later.
