-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axoakj/giving_up_on_a_friendship/

In sobriety I've realized that I'm no longer willing to accept a "friendship" that is founded on making me feel inferior.  I never reach out to her anymore and I finally GOT IT that I feel like shit every time she reaches out to me.  The reason?  Because she doesn't want to share real experiences with me--she just wants to demonstrate to me how everything in her life is "perfect".  We used to have honesty with one another about life's ups and downs.  Now for whatever reason she only shares the instagram-worthy moments with me.   For a while (too long) I didn't want to give up on this friendship.  I was still being real with her and I tried to ask her about what's really going on in her life but she stopped being authentic with me.  It's become so humiliating to hear about her actual struggles through other mutual friends  (who assume that she and I are still close in the way we used to be.)   I have no idea why she faded out on me when my life got really difficult.  I have no idea why she didn't take it seriously when I got sober.  Maybe she's selfish.  Maybe she thinks that I'm less than her because my life hasn't followed a traditional path.  Whatever the reason I'm no longer willing to hang around as an audience member to applaud how seemingly perfect her life is while she lets me struggle through things on my own without offering real support.  I"m just so  sad because she's  rejected me/shut me out of the real part of her life for no reason.  We used to be really close with another friend and I sort of feel like I want no part of any of it anymore (at least for now).  It's high time for me to move on but I'm sad about it.  The resentment/disappointment are hard to let go of.  Thanks for letting me share.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. Without knowing her reasons for her change in behavior I would reserve my judgment for the way she treats you. Maybe her own fears are keeping her from sharing if she's you as better than her in your recovery. That being said I believe outcome is the same keeping her at arms length. Also I'm not so sure that you are giving up maybe your friend will have a realization and make her own changes. I'm no expert but thank you for letting me share. 
I went through a similar situation.  I'm an animal communicator and my best friend asked me for some help with one of her pets but didn't like what I told her and shut me out.  We've been friends for over 15 years but the last few years she's really withdrawn into herself.  Most of our communication had been reduced down to texts and they were pretty superficial.  I was always the one reaching out her trying to pull her out.  She's a heavy weed smoker and I think it's getting the upper hand although I've never said anything.  But her SO got popped on a UA and had to quit smoking and turned back to drinking and also back into a hot tempered man and I know that's affecting her too.  I went through a lot of ups and downs with her when she divorced her first husband who was also very abusive.  ..We haven't talked in 3 months but I'm really okay with things.  We were holding onto a friendship that had died several years ago.  I'm assuming she feels the same but I'll know for sure if I don't hear from her on my birthday- our birthdays have always been our favorite day of the year and we over-celebrate.  I don't know yet what I'll do if I do hear from her but I'm ready to let this go- it's what feels right and natural to me.  There is definitely a feeling of unfinished business and I think that's what I'm trying to deal with more than anything- the lack of closure. 
I don't know about your situation specifically. Relationships are nuanced and complex. It's certainly good to get it all out so well done for sharing...I just thought I'd comment to demonstrate the other side and maybe why you should reach out to her and ask her what happened to change her behaviour. ..I have a similar situation with a woman who has been considered my closest friend for a long time. I have stopped being so open with her or contacting her that much. I did this because she implied that she wouldn't choose to be friends with me if she met me now. She also rarely contacts me. I don't think she will consider either of these things when lamenting my lack of contact or opening up to her. 
A lot of people put up a front because it can be easier than admitting the truth to themselves or their friends. If you're not comfortable with that and trying to discuss it isn't getting you anywhere then yeah probably best to step back and move on.
tell her this
I'm so sorry you feel so down about this. I can understand completely. I'm a very loyal person and it is so hard to let go of a friendship you have invested so much of yourself in. But feeling bad every time you see/hear from someone just sucks. I struggle with resentment and I always tell myself how much I resent it! It's a monster and it only hurts me. The best thing for me has been to just try and be the best version of myself that I can. It isn't always easy but I'm the one who has to live with myself. 
Ya gotta do you!!  
I've said this on other posts before but......&amp;#x200B;..Fuck 'em. 
