-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axpkbw/i_got_a_dui_two_days_ago/

I'm 26 and have been struggling with trying to stop drinking for 5 or 6 years. It's hard to admit that you're an alcoholic at a young age but I spent the majority of my free time trying to figure out ways to drink without my friends and family knowing that I was doing it. I'd buy a single beer on my way to any type of function and kill it before I got there just to have some small buzz. ..I honestly thought I had my life under control until I got black out on Sunday and woke up in jail. Luckily I didn't hurt or kill anyone. I'm at rock bottom right now and don't know what to do with my life but I know I can't control myself and I have a problem...I randomly stumbled across this sub last night and I don't think that was coincidence. I need help and I've heard admitting it is the first step. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Glad you're joining us.
Welcome! I don't post much but I lurk a bit and get inspiration. Stopping is tough but I promise it gets easier. Anytime you feel tempted try and post instead to vent and also to get support. You don't have to do this alone. 
Welcome :)...You can do this! Just take 1 day at a time...IWNDWYT :)
Welcome!  We tend to think life without booze is going to be a big sacrifice.  It's really a gift.  I wish you the best.
[removed]
I'd consider not wasting money on a lawyer and just pleading guilty and dealing with it.  Lawyers are where most people spend the most money and usually don't have a fighting chance anyways.  YMMV but mine cost me around $1k and 20 hours of community service a few years ago.  I'm no legal adviser and am not sure what state you are in if even the USA or what the circumstances were but...It will be a tough few months.  The guilt and shame were probably the hardest part for me.  I've been battling drinking but will never go near the wheel again if I've had any.  ..You'll get through it.  Now is a good wakeup call.
&gt; I'd buy a single beer on my way to any type of function and kill it before I got there just to have some small buzz...This sounds so familiar to me. It's not long before that single beer before the function turns into a whole bottle of wine before a function though. ..You've admitted to yourself that you have a problem. That's step one. It's not easy to be honest with yourself. Step two is seeking help and there is help out there. Reading people's stories on this sub is very inspiring. Please stick around.
I got a DUI myself about 7 years ago and I wish I could say that was my rock bottom but I decided to keep digging. Anyway the officer that arrested me was pretty kind considering and suggested some kind of treatment or meetings to show the judge I was remorseful and trying to change for the better. I never did and wound up pleading guilty and seriously taking it on the chin. ..And it's never too early to stop. I was at an AA meeting some time ago and the speaker was a woman who'd quit at the age of 17.  Everybody's mileage varies if you've had enough you've had enough. Good luck
I got one when I was 23. Don't know where you are but I had to do 7 8 hour days of cummunity service and 3 months of group alcohol counseling along with 3 AA meetings. Honestly the counseling was really helpful to me. I didn't get much out of AA because I was still in denial of having a problem. I got a lawyer who was actually not too expensive because I got a discount through a referral through a friend. Was worth it to me to not have to deal with going to court and having someone to explain to me what was happening. ..It took me a few more years to finally click that I needed to get my head out of my ass and quit but hopefully this will be it for you. Welcome. IWNDWYT..
I'm 25. I damn near died from drinking and drug use...Don't let age fool you on the seriousness of addiction...You are lucky even tho it probably doesn't seem like it right now. You're even more lucky that you are having this revelation now rather than years down the road. Years filled with more hardship sadness and regret...Stay strong I promise it will get better.
Me too. I had just gone through a period of sobriety too.  Saturday night after a 14 hour shift I took a big shot of whiskey before going home. In my rush to get home I took a shortcut through an unfamiliar area (really dumb) and ended up turning down a one way street by mistake. They got me right away and arrested me. It was a huge wake up call. I'm just glad it wasn't worse!
Iwndwyt
Hey dude  welcome this sub is the right place to be. My worst times were through my twenties peaking (or bottoming out) at 27.  ..I can super identify with that feeling of needing to have a beer or a whatever ready to go. Didn't matter what the function was  friends family events work even...Things get better. It's been 2 years since my lowest point (blacked out face first through a coffee table). Here's what works for me for right now anyway: I wake up I pledge on the daily check in on this sub to abstain for 24 hours and (somehow) that pledge keeps me tethered. It's a promise and it isn't a huge lifetime thing... just 24 hours. You got this...I am proud to not drink with you today. 
I got a dui when I was younger but continued to drink and party. It took nearly dying in a drunk driving accident to reconsider my relationship with alcohol. Consider yourself lucky to separate yourself from alcohol at a young age. There is so much more to life than drinking. You never hear stories of old men who are glad they were drunks.
Same age got mine in December. Hang in there buddy. Just remember to cooperate and be patient. 
But you're not at rock bottom.  It gets far far worse my friend. Quit while you are ahead you have a chance! I will not drink with you today. One day at a time.
Honestly I wish my youngest son was as smart as you right now. He takes after me a bit too much... I wish you smooth sober sailing.
Dude that sounds exactly like I could have written that. I'm 26 as well and I had been drinking for 7 years every single day. Not wasted every day but still drinking to the point of a good buzz every day. I wanted to stop for years and years as well but couldn't. ..I'm super happy for you that you didn't hurt yourself or someone else. Hopefully this will be enough of a kick in the ass for you. Just take it one day at a time and I promise it gets easier. .
Welcome! You're not alone...IWNDWYT    
I just lost a colleague who was coming back from a business travel. .He was in an Uber back home from the airport and was hit by a drunk driver in a pick up truck. He is survived by 3 young kids.  If that doesn't stop anyone from driving drunk nothing will. .Not saying this to make you feel worse but imagine being that person who killed a father with 3 young kids. 
You've got your whole life ahead of you and now that you've hit your rock-bottom you can start your ascent.  It's going to be OK And you will get through this stronger and better than ever. Getting blackout drunk is no way to live. There are so many of us here who been through a lot so realize you're not alone and you can do this.
Start going to AA. With the DUI the judge is prob going to make you go anyway. Might as well go now on your own volition so the judge takes that into consideration. If you live in a bigger city there's some great meetings with people younger than you. I'm in Boston and we have meetings where it's mostly college kids to young adults. It's never too early... or too late. 
Welcome to SD.  It took me several tries before I could put together more than a few days of sobriety.  Keep posting and reading.  We are here 24/7.
I've got 2 under my belt. I can get my license back on Thursday after 2 years of revocation typical boozehound fashion I have drank away my savings in the months leading up (don't drive when drinking at least anymore uber/lyft have got a lot of my$! ) BUT I still keep struggling after day 1. Day 2 is my nemesis..
Use this to learn from don't beat yourself up..Use this poor choice as a chance to learn from don't put yourself through more hell to escape another.
Once you get through this....rock bottom you may in the future view it as the blessing that saved yours and other's lives...I truly feel for you.  This is some serious shit all around but I know you have it within you to get through this and thrive in sobriety.  In sobriety you have chances.  The chance for mental and physical health a better you and the clarity to appreciate it.  Alcohol doesn't offer any of those choices.  Here we all know what alcohol has to offer and it's a path that extinguishes the light within and quite possibly the spark of life...Keep coming back.  I want to see you beat this shit.  I will not drink with you today.
Hi there! I know you're struggling but sometimes our police cars are our ambulances. Sometimes it takes something like this to knock us in the right direction. These are the things that can either lift us UP or push us further down. A little background on my story I also have two DUIs. Please just don't beat yourself up that is never a factor for positive change. I'm here if you need anything or just want to talk. I will not drink as well today. 
Good to hear you are ready for change. ..Lots of good people on here to help you along the way to recovery...Get 30 days under your belt...add another 30 and so on...one day at a time...After awhile you'll be a healthier person for taking this on...&amp;#x200B;
I was in your same position over 5 months ago. I stayed honest to my resolve to better myself and i can say that my life has done a complete 180 in that short time...&amp;#x200B;..It gets better friend.
Yes it is.  
this is going to be an opportunity for you. all the best 
There are no finish lines... only starting lines. Good luck to you! 
[removed]
Not today maybe but single events like this hardly ever are enough to change someone's ways permanently.... 
Welcome buddy you're in good company. I've gotten charged with multiple DUIs and have crashed a couple cars. My life is on the upswing and yours will get there too. I've accepted that i can't drink like a gentleman and that i just can't do it anymore. Almost a year sober now. Last time i drank i got blacked out and lost on the 5 minute drive home and ended up in a city 20 minutes away. Wife was worried to death and crying thinking i was dead. I had a 6 month old at the time too. Since then I've given it up and this sub helps me every day. Welcome man and feel free to share what you're going through. Like i said you're in good company. IWNDWYT
Good look overcoming this. You will do this!
Also definitely get an attorney. I was charged with DUI twice one time i was passed out drunk and crashed my car into three telephone poles. My attorney got my a  not guilty  verdict with a jury and everything. There are a lot of ways they will help you and i would never recommend taking a guilty plea. That's really horrible advice.
There are no coincidences! ..It's tough to admit you're an alcoholic especially a young one. I'm 26 too and I used to think I was too young to be an alcoholic. ..After hitting a new bottom (I became a violent angry drunk) I finally got myself to an AA meeting on October 9 2018. Long story short it'll be 5 months since my last drink in a couple days and while I did put in the work I don't think I could've done it without AA. ..Like you I tried and tried to get and stay sober to no avail. Each attempt at sobriety led to a longer and harder bender. I had to do something different and a bit more radical to get and stay sober - and it's working for me so far...It's a miracle you didn't hurt anybody or yourself. It's not a coincidence either. As an old timer at my home group always says "Each relapse is a chance to up the ante and do something different today to help you stay sober." Try something that's different from everything you've done before - whether that be AA counseling detox outpatient etc. I think posting here qualifies as a solid attempt to do something different for your sobriety and I'm proud of you for that. Keep your head up. It does get better! Iwndwyt
IWNDWYT 
Welcome I too stumble across this site and it has helped me immensely to stay sober.  If I can do it after decades of drinking then so can you.  IWNDWYT 
There is a gift in realizing and dealing with your problem drinking at your age believe me I've been drinking longer than you've been alive!  Take this gift and run with it.  Sobriety has been the best thing I've ever done for myself and you have the possibility of a great life ahead of you - take it and run with it!  Many blessings to you kiddo! 
I quit at 30 never too young if there is a problem...Good luck
I got a dui at 19 and stopped when I was 26. Don't let your age fool you addiction does not care about it...The sooner you get on the wagon the better you will feel... Life will be boring at first but at least it will be manageable 
IWNDWYT 
Hey OP I know shit is rough right now and it probably will be until you get this DUI issue resolved. I'm 26 as well and relate to your post very much. Especially the part about having to admit you're an alcoholic at a younger age. Try to let this be a wake up call. You will still have bumps in your journey but you got this. IWNDWYT
The first day is always the hardest. But it gets better you'll see. Welcome to the club! IWNDWYT   
I stopped drinking when I was 26 and I felt the same way about feeling like I was too young to stop.  But I realized I could stop or wait until it got way worse.  The decision to stop drinking was the best decision i have ever made. IWNDWYT
I got my first and only DUI 4 months ago. I also quit drinking almost 4 months ago. It was definitely a blessing in disguise. My life has been better I'm saving money and I'm able to remember everything. Added bonus: NO HANGOVERS!. Prayers are with you my friend. IWNDWYT (I Will Not Drink With You Today..  I had to look that up lol) 
Hey brother same thing happened to me a month ago. I've had to admit to myself that "one beer" is a myth for me and that it never ends at just one. Stay strong bud each big journey begins with a single step!
We hit rock bottom when we decide to stop digging.  You're lucky seriously because 1) you didn't hurt anyone and 2) you're only 26!  You have a whole wonderful sober and productive life ahead of you. If you let it this could be a blessing.  If you're truly sick and tired of drinking you're in the right place.  We're all rooting for you!  I will not drink with you today!  
I'm 28 and acknowledging my alcoholism was one of the hardest things I ever had to do. But almost 90 days sober I wake up ever day and I am so happy not to be hungover or feel guilty about some stupid thing I did. You've made a good choice and this sub is a great way to celebrate the highs and get through the lows. You're not a bad person and you deserve to be happy. IWNDWYT
Got my dui at 26 as well. Last year. I was sleeping in my truck and they got me for physical control. Sucks but I definitely learned my lesson. 
First step is to admit that you are powerless against alcohol and your life has become unmanageable IWNDWYT Good luck OP
Welcome to the group. And welcome to rock bottom. While you climb out and with grit and determination work your way to a sober and happy place never forget how you feel right now. Use that feeling as motivation.....a place you never want to revisit. Because rock bottom never gets any shallower the more times you hit it. Be strong seek help and most of all be honest with yourself. Honesty is the lynchpin of sobriety. Not drinking with you today. 
Thank goodness you are ok. Sorry about the jail thing but like you said you didn't kill yourself or any one along the way.   .As far as too young my brother was 19 when he stopped drinking. He almost killed himself more than a handful of times. 2 DUI in one year. Not even of legal drinking age. .I'm 42 I think it's so hard to stop drinking after 20 plus years of drinking but.....I will not drink with you today 
First off  congrats for coming to the realization.  Second  this is not rock bottom.  Maybe the most rock bottom you have personally been but far from it.  Chin up don't fight the DUI you will lose.  Take everything you can from the experience and keep on going. 
Don't drink today. Then do it again tomorrow. That's how I did it... and that's how we all do it. &lt;3
At 26 I thought I was at Rock bottom. 2 DUI's and depressed. Drank every night. Ohhh how wrong I was. There was a deeper bottom. I was always ruining my life then rebuilding it then ruining it seemed like every 2 years I'd fuck up royally work wise relationship wise legally financially something and it was ALWAYS a result of my Alcoholism. Last May at 37yrs old I drank myself finally into Chronic Pancreatitis. Been sober for 9 months and 13 days. Don't wait till the choice of making a change is made FOR you by your internal organs. If I kept drinking like that I'd be dead in a year I was told.
Yes you are lucky no one was hurt or worse including yourself.  So think of this as a second chance  a chance to restart your adult life and do things the right way. ..It took me until I was almost 40 to realize what I was doing to myself and how it affected myself and others including the ones I love the most. So many mistakes so much pain that I caused over and over again. You are still young pleaae don't let this opportunity pass you by. ..Stay positive and visit here often. You can do this.  We are here for you.
Your story really resonates with me. I'm 27. I haven't drank in over a year. And the event that really jumpstarted my recovery was getting a DUI...It's definitely not easy being a non-drinker in your 20s. I remember feeling like all my friends ever did was drink for fun. But I will also say that this idea that alcohol is required for fun is bullshit. I love my life now more than I ever have. So just wanted to say you can do this!..Glad you posted and whether you quit right now or not I hope you keep this sub in the back of your mind. This is an awesome place to come to for support..
You got the message at 26! Thats a good thing.  Welcome. IWNDWYT!
I'm grateful that there were no injuries and I know how unnerving it is to not remember the prior evening's events. This may just be the wakeup call you needed. You've come to terms with the illness at a young age. That's definitely something to be proud of. 
Man I know exactly how you are feeling right now just don't make it a habit!.I caught a DWI in Bexar County about 11 years ago. Thought that was going to be my turning point..Then caught a DWI in my local town last year on New Year's Day.  .Did probation with both cases completed successfully. .Now! Just last month in February I caught a DUI case I have court in two weeks and I'm kinda worried but don't worry in your case bro things will work out for the best. 
As shitty as it feels right now - this could be the moment you change and save yourself years and years of misery.  I wish I quit so many years ago.  I finally got my shit together after my DUI.  Good luck - you can do it.  IWNDWYT
Welcome to the club my friend! I'm 26 as well and 3 weeks short of a year! If you need someone to talk to I'm here. I'm proud of you for starting the journey.
Firstly good on you for recognizing this now and now 10 years from now! Takes a lot of courage. ..&amp;#x200B;..You sound like a good candidate for something called The Sinclair Method.  Probably easiest if you just google that and see if it has any appeal to you. 
Wow so this absolutely made me cry at work. This is the most encouragement I think I might have ever gotten. Thank each and every one of you for commenting. IWNDWYT 
Oh hon I have also been there. I know the shame and dread are terrible but I promise you they'll ease up with every positive step (like this one) you take. You're not alone and you'll find a LOT of comfort in this sub. ..Be gentle to yourself. Focus on filling your days and nights with things you sincerely love. Leave no time in your schedule for poisoning yourself and waking up sick.  You're young and still have a lot of living ahead of you. .
Just wanted to say I hope things go well in terms of stopping drinking. A DUI seems like a good time to do so. I have put myself in some bad situations with drinking and driving but was lucky enough to not get caught. I've been to jail for public intoxication though. I really wish I had quit after that my life would probably be on a better path...But in your 20s drinking to excess is pretty normalized. The result is DUIs violence injuries alcohol poisoning etc. Not for everyone but for some people...Sorry for rambling I'm tired. IWNDWYT. 
You're probably in a scary position r/dui helped me as well
It's a kind of freedom to admit that there is no control over this thing for me at least. That it's not gonna work. That I can stop trying to control this thing and just let it go. ..I'm so sorry you've been struggling. I used to do the "single beer buzz" too just for situations I wouldn't think I could handle sober. But you got this. It's going to be better.
Welcome. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. I could never quit on my own. Somehow I ended up in an AA meeting. I have been sober ever since. It can be done and I know dozens of people younger than you that are sober today because they found their way to a meeting. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! I'm only 20-some-odd days in myself but fuck it's so much better not drinking. ..
Welcome! You are not alone!
Don't give up...Commit to sobriety each day you wake up...Consider joining a support group like AA. Sounds scary and lame and intimidating and turns out to be helpful and a way to see that you are not alone in your struggle. ..Alcoholism is a real pain in the ass and will always be with you but it gets better and it is worth being sober because you have value. Your life is worthwhile and more valuable than booze.
I can imagine how you feel.  I also got a DUI at age 26 after struggling for years to control my drinking.  I was absolutely devastated.  Sadly for me I continued to drink for the following 4 years.  I finally got sober at 30.  Let me say this -- you will get through this.  DUIs are awful and in my state the punishment is no joke but I survived.  Just take it a step at a time and listen to your lawyer.  ..I sincerely hope you are able to do what I couldn't following my DUI and get sober.  This sub is amazing and provides a ton of support and it's nice to always have it in your pocket.  I ended up needing AA in order to stay sober though.  Not everyone does.  I've found a lot of hope in the AA community.  I won't proselytize about AA because that program isn't everyone's cup of tea.  I will say I'm at 8 months sober purely because of it.  I tried sobriety without it many many times and always relapsed after a month or so.  So check out a meeting if that sounds like something you may be interested in!  ..Anyway welcome to our growing online community here at SD!  You can do this!  Just one day at a time!!  I will not drink with you today!!!
Hi and welcome! Stopping can feel like hard work but I promise it's worth it. YOU are worth it. IWNDWYT.
Full disclosure: I'm what some people call a "dry drunk". I go to meetings and don't drink but that's it. And I'm mad and depressed about my problems with alcohol and my DUI.   ..With that said on one of my first meetings an older gentleman said how much he resents the young people who come in because they're getting their shit together decades before he could. You're 26 and are smart enough to know you have a problem. Your future is bright if you want it to be ... I'm happy for you. Stay strong DUIs are tough but can be a blessing in disguise (I need to remind myself that more too). You're in an amazing place if you're looking support...All the best to you...
I am 33 and wish I would have gotten sober at 26. I knew from my early 20's that I had a problem with alcohol. One thing that has shocked me is how quickly my life has gotten better due to abstaining from alcohol. You could have a whole new outlook in a month or two and put all this crap behind you...AA has worked really well for me. My sponsor is amazing and has changed my life. I am not saying this is the only way just that it has been helpful for me...Good luck. IWNDWYT.
You will need support.  Outpatient rehab meetings etc. 
Awesome post. 
"Rock Bottom" is whenever you decide to stop digging! I appreciate you sharing your story. I can relate after my last drink I woke up in jail a year ago as well and I'm now 25 so around your age. It had been my new year's resolution for the past 3 years to "drink less"..I often feel like I'm too young to not be drinking but I'm also an alcoholic. I'm reminded of the fact that for me at least things would probably only get worse and harder were I to drink again. I think when I'm really honest with myself I've had enough of the pain that alcohol brings. Any joy that I think I get from drinking is short-lived borrowed from tomorrow and really more imagined and romanticized than anything else. IWNDWYT!
Word bro I been then before caught a DUI a few years ago. I also understand the whole needing a  small buzz  before any event it's all mental you can get past it
I got a DUI in my mid-twenties. It was reduced to a dwai but it's still on my record as a DUI because they changed the laws. That was 25 years ago. I never got my drinking under control and it got progressively worse. I got two more DUIs. The next DUI will be a felony and I can't have that..Get your drinking under control now. Tell the judge that you are done with drinking and you want to get your life back on track. Don't end up like me
You sound exactly like me. I would always maintain a constant buzz. Never wasted. Lying to myself that it's fine. Got my first DUI at 27. At 27 1/2 I finally nearly drank myself to death. My friend found me barely alive on the floor in my apartment alone. Got help since. On the way to somewhere better. This is going to be a tough time for you. But think how much time we have ahead of us and we can be glad the awful stuff happened early and nobody got hurt. Iwndwyt
I got a DUI because I stupidly admitted that I'd drank at like 4pm one day after being pulled over by a cop at like 1am following.  I was only 20 hence the DUI.  Welcome to Arizona.  I am 31 now.  Just got my second DUI in February.  You'll be okay.  Try to stay sober Satan knows I sure fucking can't.  I'm glad you're getting better.  XOXO
Please do my man. The more eyes on me and the more support I get the better. Thank you for the comment 
Im here with you got my first dui last weekend and im waiting for my boss to pick me up right now because i wont have a license for 6 months probably..I work on the road site to site so i may lose my job because of this and its the best job i have ever had..the path i was on was going to absolutely destroy me when i was pulled over i said to them that i was very suicidal and basically hated everyone around me..Its good to be sober man really is. The days are brighter and i can lie down peacefully with myself
