-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axrqka/1279_days_sober_and_struggling/

Today I am 1279 days sober. On September 4th 2015 my son was a few weeks old. It was a Friday and I was gearing up to head out to drink for the weekend. Same as I had done the previous weekends of my sons life and same as I had done for close to a decade before. I met my wife at the bar. All of my friends were drinking buddies. I used to tell myself I didn't have a problem because I only drank beer. It was normal to me to pick up a case and head over to a buddies house and finish it. I had two DUIs and continued to drive impaired. I was beginning to hide beer in the garage and sneak out and pound a few. ..After my son was born my wife began to get on my case for drinking. She had been sober for the entire pregnancy of course. But that Friday she broke. She said if she caught me with another beer ever again she was going to leave me and take our Son. ..So I quit. I didn't go to AA or treatment. ..Life moved on. I lost all but one friend. We're not as close as we once we're but we still talk. Many things in my life improved. I received several promotions at work in the following years. My body thanked me. I saw the bigger picture in a lot of things. Most importantly I became a stellar father. I haven't missed a single day of my sons life since that Friday. ..So sounds good right? Unfortunately not so much. I developed a resentment for my wife. Over the last few years I've fallen out of love with her. My life is empty. I'm lonely. I've even found myself resenting my son at times. It's selfish and Petty but I feel as though I gave up the joy in my life so that others can be happy. I've tried finding new hobbies concentrating on work taking care of my ailing mother even have been serving a position in my local government. When I see people from my past life they comment with praise and admiration but I can only feel jealous that they can still drink. On my 3 year anniversary of being sober I told my wife that today was three years and she kinda shrugged and said "Oh yeah". I don't know what I was expecting probably shouldn't have been expecting anything but that moment was the first time I remember thinking that I may hate her. ..So drinking isn't an option. I can see now how bad my problem was. But I'm unsure of where to go next. I've been doing the one day at a time thing for three and a half years and while it gets me through the day it's starting to get monotonous. Weeks bleed into years but slowly I get sadder and more lonely and angry...I've tried to replace the bar but I haven't found anything to stick. I've made some sober friends but nothing deep or fufilling. ..No need to reply. Just had to get it out I guess. Another day sober tomorrow. Hope I can find purpose again. Tomorrow I'll wake up. Wake my son up. Get him a snack. Fix my salad for lunch. Grab some fruit for breakfast. Drive to work. Sit in my cube for 8.5 hours. Drive to the gym. Workout. Drive home. Make dinner. Give my son a bath. Go on Reddit and then go to bed. Rinse repeat... ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of you for your sobriety! ..Sounds like you need some support . I'm going to AA and honestly what I enjoy most is the like minded people I've met and the support is fantastic . .Life can feel like being stuck in a rut would it help to get some counselling ? .Can you talk to your wife and explain how you feel . ..Do you have any hobbies or go to a gym or anything ......... what do you do for you? ..For me I hit the gym almost every day  I try new recipes ( not always successfully  ) and I try and do lunch or breakfast with some sober friends once or twice a week ...You have done great to stay sober   it you need to take care of you too x
You don't need alcohol but you need something.  Some counseling might be helpful in figuring out what might make you feel more fulfilled.  Make a decision about your wife because I know personally how damaging that limbo can be and it gets worst the longer you're in it...Best of luck to you friend.
I can really relate to your post. So did Jackson Browne in the song  The Pretender.  Read those lyrics! It's a good song to listen to as well...This probably isn't good advice... ..It appears to me that you're trying to live a life without regrets and yet that goal in and of itself is causing regret. There are a lot of things to do that cause regret. And these actions don't need to involve alcohol (or drugs). ..Through out my long life I've often felt the words to the song I've mentioned above so rather than just be a happy idiot every so often I'll go and chuck a skeleton (or two) into my closet. 18+ years of a happy marriage no regrets few secrets...Don't follow my advice.
I drank to fill a spiritual hole inside me. Doing the steps in AA allowed me to have an awakening that gave me the kind of peace and joy I could never find in alcohol or drugs.  Working through my resentments and later asking for forgiveness from the people in my life has helped me let go of most of the bitterness and shame that poisoned me for so long. My life is a long way from perfect. There are serious issues in my marriage. My depression still kicks my ass on a fairly regular basis. But I have zero desire to drink over them today. Fake serenity is nowhere near good enough for me. I find it so much more profound to be present in the moment even when that moment sucks.
