-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axt7xg/is_21_early_enough_to_call_myself_an_alcoholic/

I turned 21 in October last year but I definitely am struggling with alcohol abuse. It is destroying my health and relationship. I've been told that because I just turned of legal age that I'm just getting the excitement out of my system but I've been drunk almost every day for months (I was drinking like this before I turned as well). I am quitting as of today March 5th. I have to wonder will I forever struggle with this addiction? Will I ever feel comfortable socially drinking or am I better off without a drop? 
----------immediate responses--------

The definition of addiction doesnt mention anything about age. If alcohol is affecting your life in a way you dont want it to(which it seems it is). Then you have a problem. If it isnt affecting your life in a way you don't want then you dont have a problem. If your questioning it then why not take a break. If you cant do that. Then you can definately see you have a problem. 
I applaud you on coming here and reaching out at 21 - I wish I had done that when I was your age :)...Many of us have found This Naked Mind by Annie Grace very helpful in understanding our alcohol use disorder. Here's a [link to our book recommendations](https://old.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) if you're interested...Great decision on stopping today; but as for 'forever struggling'? We don't really say 'forever' much around here - it's sooo much easier and more comfortable to say *one day at a time*. ..If someone would have told me "now you can't drink forever" I probably would have had palpitations and shit would hit the fan for sure! However when I think about just staying sober for 24 hours...that I CAN do; it's just for the day :)...As for labels...well they suck. I'm not a believer in them. I have a problem with alcohol and I'm now a non-drinker end of story. But we're all different so whatever works for you!
Quit now.Enjoy a glorious n productive future
No. I wish I would've caught it when I was 21. Even at 25 the damage is somewhat irreversible. I was a few months away from killing my liver (and me). Luckily at our age we are still malleable. 
Fuck yeah it is
I was 100% an alcoholic by 21. It's really hard to come to terms with because for a lot of people binge drinking at that age is "normal." So is drinking during the day partying during the week and the weekend etc... When I was 21 we partied most nights and I never would have thought *I* had a problem because everyone else was drunk too. ..Looking back though I was making terrible decisions. Putting myself in real unsafe situations luckily (but barely) skirting the law sometimes waking up 20 minutes before I had to be at work and nursing a hangover the entire day. My health was okay but it could have been so much better. I'm 33 now and have such a passion for working out; if I had developed healthier habits and didn't let drinking drag me down I could be so much closer to where I want to be right now. ..Just finally being "legal" and saying you want to quit forever can be super daunting. But saying "I'm not living my best life when drinking and I'm choosing not to drink today" is much more manageable. ..Sobriety is a wonderful gift and I absolutely wish I'd given it to myself 12 years ago.  
I was 20 when I went to my first AA meeting. You're not too young. Addiction doesn't discriminate.
i also turned 21 this last october and i was in the same boat and still am. i quit because i knew that i was going down a road that was leading no where and it was scary. i started to not give a shit about anything and the only thing i worried about was how fucked up i was going to get on the weekend. once i realized that the only thing that made me happy was drinking a 12 pack 4 days a week i knew there was something wrong. i have been sober for 55 days and although that is not that long i have noticed huge differences especially in my health and relationships but i will tell you now it is not going to be easy. not drinking has been one of the toughest things i have ever done but the most rewarding. if you are like me and realized that alcohol was messing with your life then i would quit for good but most importantly find help before you do people do care about you and do want to help you. alcohol is a lifelong addiction but there is hope. 
NO!!! Find an AA group that is near you ASAP. NA is great too and maybe better given your age. 
Age is irrelevant. The thoughts I have on my own drinking and when exactly it became a problem was once it was regular enough for the neural pathways for excessive binge drinking to develop. There were times when I had no problem putting down the bottle. It hasn't been like that anymore. If I drink I'm likely to drink too much and I'm also likely to keep drinking the following day and so on. Moderation is just playing with fire for me...IWNDWYT
You still have such a long road ahead of you its impossible to say if it will last forever. All you have to realize is that you're struggling with it now and that it won't stop unless you try to stop drinking for at least a day. Don't worry about eternity just stay sober tonight! 
Thank you everyone for your input and contributions. I was feeling scared and alone but knowing that there are others is comforting. Thanks everyone. We will be sober together! 
