-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ay0mpr/i_ruined_fat_tuesday_for_my_wife_and_i_hate/

I created this account solely to post this...&amp;#x200B;..My wife LOVES Mardi Gras and Fat Tuesday everything about it she made a king cake for us and was planning on making blacken chicken (for her) and chicken ala mer  (for me) and a few other cajun sides. So recently our dog was in a fight while a doggie day care and had to get stitches so I stayed at home yesterday to be with her and make sure she was ok  well while spending my day off with the dog and working around the house I decided to have a few drinks in celebration of Fat Tuesday....those few drinks led to more drinks and I ending up trashed by the time my wife got home from work. I have been struggling with my drinking for years she knows this and is supportive of me but when I drink I am not myself she asked if I was drunk and I lied to her about how much I drank but it was obvious I was tanked. The lying is the biggest problem here its the one thing she can not stand and in my road to recovery I new I would stumble but promised her I would not lie if that happened......well drunk me is a fucking lying machine. I ended up passing out before dinner and ruining one of her favorite days she made none of the food as was up most of the night crying....which is what she told me this morning. I hate myself right now for what I did and wish I could go back and give her the day she deserved she is truly an amazing woman who in all honesty I don't deserve...&amp;#x200B;..I poured out the rest of the alcohol downloaded an addiction/recovery audio book to listen to while at work and since I can't go back in time I just have to move forward. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for reading I just needed to vent since I currently have no one to talk to and am on the verge of breaking down at work...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

hey there! It's okay my man I've lied to my girlfriend about my past drinking habits (said I only drank x amount when I indeed drank x amount and more) and she also hated that as well. I honestly would have done the same thing you did- "ah well it is (holiday) and I'm off screw it Ima drink." But now I realize if I were to drink now that one drink would lead to many more because 1) I used to drink my drinks as if the apocalypse was about to happen/the uber was 2 minutes away. 2)Once I get a buzz I want to keep it going until I'm blacked out asleep. 3.) because I just know. ..You can't change the day you didn't have with her but if you're being honest with yourself and you can actually show her that will count the most. This is coming from this last time I relapsed and she was literally about to leave me and move out. I came clean to my parents as well and their support along with hers made me realize it doesn't have to be an internal struggle alone. And trust me mine was bad- she found the big bottle of vodka I had hidden. ..I've been taking it one day at a time and I'm definitely proud of my badge saying 27 but not so proud of my drinking habits in the past. You can do it too one moment at a time which in turn leads to hours and hours leads to days. IWNDWYT buddy. Hang in there. 
Pouring out the alcohol was a good step.   You can celebrate "one year sober" next Mardi Gras.  Something to work toward.
one day at a time.. to set things right
