-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ay5yr4/whats_your_nighttimeafterwork_routine/

Perhaps a silly question but what do you do at night if you don't drink?..It's so easy to form the habit of having a glass of wine or 3 at the end of the day. I'm struggling at the thought of winding down an evening after a stressful day at work and calming my anxious brain without a drink. I also take adderall most weekdays for work and my brain and body are just so tired; I've developed a bad habit of using alcohol to relax. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think a lot of people fall into that. It turns into our method of catharsis and it's really yard to find a rhythm like a clockwork without it because it's basically been the beat of our lives for so long. I struggled because I found so much more energy and no catharsis or outlet. For me the gym helped alot. Burning off that built up daily stress can be good. If your too physically exhausted I suppose you just have to find something else that you really enjoy. Like a hobby. It takes time but it eventually just becomes deleted from the routine and filled with other stuff. 
I go to the gym lift weights or take a class. Then get home around 830-9pm shower put on pajamas and make some tea watch something. Then go to bed read a book in bed and sleep. ..When I don't go to the gym I go to a store grocery store to buy healthy food lol or clothing store to look at stuff lol
I always try to have a plan for 5-7pm... a danger zone for me. I go to the gym a meeting bookstore movie anything to keep me busy during this time...Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
I'm not sure if you know already or not between Adderall's popularity and Dr's overprescribing  people think it's harmless but it's chemically almost identical to meth ..If you already knew then my bad but continuing to use it might things more difficult and increase the potential for other issues so I just thought you should know 
The gym! Or just unwinding with good food and Netflix. Meditation/hypnosis videos on YouTube really helped (and still helps) me relax in early sobriety too. 
I used Adderall for years and I feel like that really drove my alcoholism. It made me feel really uptight/anxious/etc. I always drank to take the edge off. Honestly I feel so much better off it. And with sobriety I manage to be more productive than I was with Adderall. Just my story. Iwndwyt
