-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayltox/sobriety_going_well_but_struggling_with_eating/

I'm only 18 days in and feeling great about not drinking but may be struggling with disordered eating. BMI-wise I'm actually underweight. I'm fairly active too. While I was drinking I found it easy to control my weight because I had the willpower to eat very little. It's disturbing how many calories of alcohol I consumed but managed to avoid real food because I didn't want to get  fat . Now that I'm not drinking I crave ice cream cheeseburgers etc. I haven't really gained weight but feel guilty that I can't control wanting to eat unhealthy foods. This morning I weighed 3 lbs above my lowest (and goal weight of 110.5 lbs at 5'7 .) I feel out of control even though I shouldn't because 18 days of sobriety is monumental for me. Do food cravings go away?
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes they do.  Everyone's different though and eating is it's own thing so there is no rule that says "this will pass after 45 days" or anything like that.  It is a lot easier for me to control my weight without booze though.  Up three pounds?  I can sort that out within a week with a bit of effort.  Hell I weighed three pounds more on Monday than I did today.  It took me a while to relax about it though because booze left zero room for other indulgences calorie-wise and so I would still worry about it even after I had no need to.
This is what I'm struggling with.  Yeah I might have been drinking a thousand calories a day of vodka (no carbs  right) but I tried not to eat too much food and stick with my keto diet. Since I stopped drinking 3 weeks ago I have replaced my stop to buy liquor after work with a stop to but chocolate... at least 1500 calories worth... and then eat it with the same f*** it attitude I would drink with.  I'm gaining weight quickly and after losing 25 lbs last year to almost my ideal weight it is stressing me out. The good news I guess is I can work on controlling food urges along with alcohol urges and why I need to find comfort in food or alcohol in the first place. 
I'm on day five after 14 years of drinking every single day. I've been eating "like a horse" and filling myself with tons of caffeine to get by. I know it's not the best way to go about it but for now it works until I figure another way around it. 
Do you have an eating disorder? If you are underweight and worried about gaining weight this sounds a little alarming to me.
