-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aymffh/how_my_day_1_went/

Last night I posted about my disappointment with my efforts abc how it's been hard to even have ONE day completely sober this time around...Update: Guys I DID IT! ..Strangely enough it ended up being an amazing day filled with relief and happiness. I had a meeting with my boss and he closed the door. I was like  Ah fuck here we go.  I'm sitting there waiting to get canned because I know I have been slacking (only making about half as many sales visits as I'm supposed to because I would wake up late depressed start drinking and take all day to do 4 hours of work) and it turns out he tells me I have actually been really effective with my sales conversions (I never have any way of knowing my boss just tells me when the referrals come in. Maybe the liquid courage was helping who knows). Side note that I am currently living with family very behind on bills lawyer fees car is about to go to repo you name it which has been literally driving me to drink. So out of nowhere I actually had the balls to ask him for more hours. He said that not only is he going to give me more but since I've been doing a great job (again not sure how) he wants to give me health insurance AND some commission because I've been bringing in a lot of new business. I feel like this was honestly a gift of encouragement from The Universe or my spirit guides or something for deciding to stop being a drunk asshole!..Then across town I had to have an evaluation related to my recent arrest (to see if they will let me keep my license) and the counselor was this older gentleman from Africa and he had to be one of the sweetest people I've ever met. He's been a therapist for 30 years and even though our meeting was supposed to be a factual question and answer about my arrest and drinking habits he kept pausing and giving me these kind of sad concerned looks. He told me that he could tell that I have a very heavy heart and I'm too hard on myself. He stopped completely and gave me this little lecture and read some passages from an old book he had on his shelf about the importance of self-love and it took everything in me not to bawl my eyes out because that has always been a major struggle and a huge reason why I drank. This guy kind of saw straight to my soul or something and it was very healing for me. I feel like I'll remember him forever. ..When I got home I went for a long bike ride listening to rad music and the weather was gorgeous. I was literally smiling so big and can't remember being so happy. ..Just wanted to say thank you to all of you for encouraging me and giving me tips. ..Also quick and very funny - my boss and I were randomly chatting about how my blood pressure is really high (he's a doctor) and I told him I don't know why because I don't smoke and I stopped drinking (though it had only been for about 18 hours at that point it's technically true right?!) and he stopped me and said  You drank? I can't picture that!  In complete disbelief no sarcasm. I literally drank a bottle of wine before my first interview a few months ago and had a good buzz on every time I went in except for today. Talk about high functioning even though I was miserable inside!..Anyway thanks again! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Keep up the great work!  1 day at a time. Keep killing it. 
WOW!! Talk about all the signs pointing your way and confirming your decision not to drink! I read so many stories of people hitting rock bottom and it's nice to hear someone bouncing off a springy mattress conveniently placed below them :-) That will give you a nice bounce upward toward your goals! I'll join you in giving the finger to the liquor stores and congrats on your wise choices. Obviously the universe agrees! Please continue to check in and let us know how you're doing - if you hit any hard spots ahead we are all here to help you out. IWNDWYT!
Good grief you're in the flow!  Congrats!  I have a feeling the other issues you named are going to mysteriously work themselves out too.  Way to keep such a positive vibe!
