-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayqj67/struggles_with_old_habits/

I used to play computer games a bit when I was in grad school as a way to decompress and take my mind of things. This usually would involve a 12-18 pack and hours long sessions. (I like to play single player strategy games like AOE and Civ.) ..Hadn't really been playing a lot since getting engaged and committing to work.  The past few months I've been trying to find something to occupy my mind while I'm going thru sobriety and my first thought was to dive into computer games again. Well my PC was a shitty HP that didn't allow for upgrades and all the games I wanted to play were slow and frustrating to try to play. After a few weeks of research I bit the bullet and bought a new gaming PC. ..I stayed up until 11 last night (about 2 hours after my bedtime) setting it up and downloading the games etc. ..Tomorrow I'm scheduled to run a 5k charity so there is no way I want to drink tonight but I can't help but think about wanting to pick up an 18 pack tomorrow day drink and play games all day. ..I'm on day 14 and hadn't really thought a whole lot about alcohol the last two weeks this has been kind of my first real trigger.  It's funny how the mechanism that I wanted to use to keep my mind OFF alcohol is now a trigger! ..I think as well everything else I just need to retrain my mind about this specific hobby. I know that I'll enjoy the games more sober; just wanted to get it off my chest. ..Y'all have any similar instances?
----------immediate responses--------

I used to play games sober as a kid.  Then I played games drunk and/or high.  And now I play games sober again.  Gaming and drinking were fun for a while but as it progressed I would perform worse get lost or confused and eventually started playing less to just drink.  Or I would only play simple linear games that were impossible to screw up...It is nice to be able to go back to more challenging games and work on them with full clarity.  As for building the habit I found most of the work was done at work or on the way home.  Once at home where I no longer have booze I could start up a game and get immersed in it and not think about cravings or anything else.  It wasn't so much the gaming as it was the anticipation/preparation for gaming time...Good luck to you.
I can definitely relate to this. When I was an active alcoholic practically all of my hobbies and activities were things that could be done while drinking so finding things to do that didn't trigger a desire to drink was really really hard...What I do now is think of them as "sober references." The first time I sat at home and watched a movie without drinking taught me that I could do that and enjoy it. Then there was the first time I went away for the weekend without drinking. The first time hanging out on my friend's boat. The first wedding. And so on and so forth. And as time accumulates my memories of doing these things while loaded fade and it doesn't seem odd at all to be sober...Hope this helps!
It's hard to resume activities that are associated with drinking. I've been avoiding listening to music while I try to get a few sober weeks uncertain my belt. Music puts me in a very good mood and that's something my husband and I have been doing together on weekends for the 28 years we've been together: music and way too much beer. ..
