-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayqq6q/what_if_you_cant_change_your_life_the_only_thing/

The common theme seems to be create a life that you wouldn't want to mess up. Create mindful habits &amp; mend relationships / heal &amp; have something in your life that hits all of Maslo's hierarchy of needs I suppose in summery...&amp;#x200B;..I am very intentional with my relationships I seek somatic remedial &amp; stimulation take advantage of free therapy / activities yadadada.... I very much want sobriety yet I feel that not being in a position to tick off all of my needs is keeping me stuck. I wont be able to for at least a few years. I am crawling out bad financial struggles and it wont be resolved for a few years yet . This effects food in my belly relationships work life balance that keeps me in the cycle of not enjoying life enough to not lean on a bottle. Do I just wait for it to be over or is sobriety likely (of course its possible but likely?) when most my needs CANT yet be met? You call it white knuckle riding don't you?
----------immediate responses--------

First things first- it is kind of like people who feel like they can't be in a relationship until they have their shit together. You know what they say there is no problem so bad that alcohol can't make it worse! It is a process and once you get alcohol out of the picture it can become easier to at least recognize whatever else is going on. I learned that I am not personally responsible for all the conflict in my life (at one point after I had been sober for a bit last time my husband turned to me and said "what makes you think YOU were the cause of all of our problems!") Anyway putting poison in your mouth can mess a lot of things up so for my money getting rid of alcohol is a great first step and see what the future brings...&amp;#x200B;
A sober life is one that I actually enjoy living.  Drinking messes that up big time.  Just keeping it simple.  :)
I think you and I have similar world views. Which make it very hard to be happy. ..Consider that happiness is partially about enjoying the journey. Taking pride in overcoming the obstacles on your way. ..As soon as you can afford it consider therapy. ..Over my life I've realized what makes me chase intoxication is getting out my head. ..The way I've been relating to the world is cold and toxic and I have to change that if I want a chance at being happy and sober. ..Consider two lenses with different filters one for negative things and one for positive. ..Negative:.I'm single my last relationship ended due to my drinking and not taking care of myself. I'm in debt. I'm in a stressful career that I've sunk too much time into. I've got bad skin dating sucks and I'm not raking in the big bucks so it's hard to standout as potential partner.  ..Positive: .I'm paying down my debts. I'm employed in a desirable position that would great launching point for things I really want to do. I've got my own place and if I keep meeting people I'll be able to find someone to share my life with. I've got hobbies that I can enjoy with people. I'm healthy and able bodied. I've made mistakes but I'm no longer backsliding I'm pushing forward changing getting better being better and that's more than enough for a future partner. ..My situation as an example the negative filter makes it hard to find reasons to stay sober since I already fucked up my life. But the positive filter gives every reason to maintain the changes I've made and build on them. ..Staying sober is essential to keeping yourself on track. Alcohol and the things you do when you're drinking are among the things keeping you from getting your needs met.
If my house were burning down I wouldn't throw gasoline on the situation. ..I've found that not everything is good at once no matter how hard I hustle. Sobriety makes everything easier the good and the bad. For me when things are bad there is even MORE reason to be sober. 
