-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayt5fx/mental_elasticity_returning_advice_or_help_is/

Prior to and even while drinking I have been great at having thoughtful and deep conversations/debates. Especially 6-7 drinks deep before I get sloppy drunk. Currently I am not. ..I stopped drinking about 1 week ago although I have been using a lot of nicotine and drinking a ton of coffee instead. I have been a serial relapser the last 3 years... I am not old I just turned 30...Unfortunately my brain feels like its not on slow mode but essentially broken. Not to mention that emotions are all over the place. For example I can present the beginning of an argument but I am unable to immediately and thoughtfully comment when someone makes a counter point. This is extremely frustrating. ..I am looking for if/when this gets better and any advice you all might have for me?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the same boat. I fee like I'm unable to return to where I once was in my mental state but from what I understand (please correct me if I'm wrong) it can return to where it once was as long as you continue to abstain from drinking. Good luck to you! 
This does get better. Its just not always a fun process of healing (btw longer repair projects usually result in better repairs). I haven't had this exact experience but I'll relate my perspective. Everything seemed F'd up when I first stopped drinking. I felt emotionally numb for quite some time. It was painful in the moment but now I understand it as part of the process. What I've learned and continue to try to practice is to not focus as much on the results of what I'm doing but simply on the actions themselves. This is in line with the thought of  accept what you can't control and control what you can.  Results can be influenced by so many factors and can be judged through so many lenses that they aren't even worth judging to me. Instead in your example let the flow of the debate be what you seek instead of focusing on your individual contributions. Maybe instead of feeling inadequate by not having a response or contribution let that just be the nature of that particular moment and don't be judgey of that feeling and moment. Without realizing it your silence may actually be providing a great contribution to the flow possibly enabling the other participants to deepen their own thoughts and understanding. Continue participating in whatever ways you naturally feel compelled to and with time you'll be able to finish those thoughts or quickly provide those counterpoints. Maybe the lesson is to slow your thoughts down and listen more. Reevaluate the way you believe these situations should play out and look for other parts of it that you may have been missing. .I guess in summary I try not to not spend as much time judging things as good or bad but instead just appreciate them for what they are. Try to see their true nature. .The old phrase  the journey is greater than the inn  provides us encouragement to shift our focus from the future goal to the process of getting there. Its easy to look back and realize that you actually enjoyed the journey now that its over but why not benefit from the enjoyment of that journey while you're actually on it? Mindfulness. .Sorry I kept slipping from first person to more advice sounding  you  but my intention is simply to put forth another perspective on what you're experiencing. IWNDWYT
A week is a great achievement but still early days and the body and brain take time to heal.  I definitely felt more foggy and confused to start with...For me at around 3-4 weeks the clarity began to return and now almost 10 weeks in my cognitive ability and desire to learn again has made massive leaps forward...Keep going and hopefully you'll be surprised how quickly you start feeling better  ..X
