-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayv7ko/getting_increasingly_stressed_trying_to_resist_a/

Here for the weekend with my family 21yo female. Mom has been drinking since 10am younger brother was just offered a head coach job at a sailing summer camp in key largo. Parents are ecstatic. Today is day 12 for me but no where near my first time trying to quit drinking this semester. This is the first time I've had straight As (let alone still participating in my classes) in years. I've been working so hard on myself while trying to be private about my struggles because my parents simply can't relate to what goes on in my head at this point. My 19yo brother has always told people that he's really the older sibling because he's more mature/responsible. Which is somewhat true considering he's never struggled with addiction like I have. Normally I let him feel good about himself and quietly wish I was an only child but something about this job is slowly crushing me. I know I should be happy for him it's his dream to live in the keys. But I'm tired of having to be the supportive older sister when he's only ever put me down. I'm tired of working so hard to be sober and focus on school and never being recognized for it. I'm tired of being the problem child for something that's been in the family for generations. There's so much I would change if I could go back but for now the best choice I can make is to not have a drink to feel better. I'm sorry for this frantic rant I just needed to vent somewhere. I will try my very best to be strong and not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

The thing for me about not sharing much with people is that they forget about it.  Which is exactly what part of me was hoping for.  But it also means no encouragement or praise.  Because when they forget and I am succeeding I just look normal.  I get to work on time I dress nice I am clean but so are all the other people here...But we always have SD.  This place sees my day counter and is always full of encouragement...And when it comes to resenting the success of others.  I try to remember that nothing they do changes my life.  If you wreck your BMW I don't get a pay raise...Keep up the good work!
Wow that's a drinkers paradise or should I say hell? KW has some beautiful beaches though and I suggest you try to stay as busy and as far away from the bars/restaurants as often as you can. Why not rent bikes go snorkeling boating fishing anything that gives you something to wake up looking forward to each day so you don't even want to ruin it with alcohol. Stay strong and work on that tan sober! You can do this! 
Just sorry your going through that. My younger brother is a pain as well. You don't have to shout for joy for him. A "nice job kid" is fine and move on. Bonus sounds like you will end up with the college degree. He could be jealous himself. My brother does better than me in many work related ways makes more money. But his morals are non existent. 
You can't go back and change the beginningbut you can start where you are and change the ending!.Forget about the past chick worrying and stressing serve's no purpose 
