-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ayyclw/i_feel_ive_lost_the_sense_of_who_i_am/

I've been struggling with this decision for years. I read all of your stories and love the positivity about the change you make. ..I'm self conscious and feel that drinking is a part of my personality. I've always hated myself when I drink. It's my least favourite part of myself. ..I know I need to quit but I'm terrified. I feel so many of my friendships are under pinned by drinking. ..How do I get the courage to quit? I know I need to stop but I'm so scared and it eats me alive every day. 
----------immediate responses--------

You have to step off the ledge. Change is scary because it's different and new but it's so good and worth at least trying. Is losing a few friends more important than losing your life?
Yes you're not alone. I can relate to that fear of stopping.  I'm in the same place. It helps me to read your post. I could have written it myself. I'm gonna try and not drink for one day. Best wishes my friend 
For me there just came a point where I couldn't stand myself any more.  I wasn't sure who I really was either.  Still uncertain.  But I knew I didn't want to be the person I felt I had become.  I still have a lot of work to do on myself.  But I am scratching "pathetic drunk loser" off my list of character traits.  I don't want to associate with pathetic drunk people either.  There aren't many people I can call "friends" at the moment.  But once I figure out and realize the best version of myself I'm going to go out and find a new tribe. ..I wouldn't be scared if I were you.  Evolving is a beautiful mysterious and challenging process.  I'd be scared of NOT changing.  I hope you can find the courage to make the leap.  We are all here to support you.  IWNDWYT.
Drinking was my persona. I could recommend a good bar for any occasion.i could hold court with my wife on any number of fine bar stools. Made friends and were The regulars. I was less awkward less anxious. But in the end what appeared sophisticated and rebellious was sad boring and small. ..I was lost too. Who was I in the void without drinking. In reality drinking was the void the hole I dumped so much time love money and self worth  into. ..So I divorced myself from the booze and found out who i was.  Maybe who I was before the drinking maybe something I never was something new. ..After I got sober I wondered in all that time I was wasting how much didn't i grow. How stunted was I emotionally.  All those experiences that should have shaped me numbed by my complete sickness...I am growing now. Its not all rainbows but it is fulfilling in a way that drinking never gave me. Or not in a very long time. It's never too late. I hope you can find your light on the other side.  .....
I feel your anxiety and fear so much. Drinking has been a long-term relationship for me. I love it and it loves me back in the most dysfunctional destructive way possible. I don't know what will happen in the future and my brain is already trying the old "Maybe after 3 months I can moderate" game" but I do know that today I will not drink. Today I believe it is a harmful force in my life and that my life is more rich and colorful without it. .I wish you all the best and will be in your corner when you need it.
