-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/az37qm/postrelapse_heartbreak/

I'm just heartbroken. I completely embarrassed myself last night drank SO much more than I had planned and feel like absolute shit today. I had a halfway decent streak but once I decided I'd start drinking a little I let it devolve. I don't know why I think I can moderate. I'm so incredibly unhappy with myself because of drinking. I'm so beyond done with feeling like this I'm ready to get better...Just had to get this off my chest. .I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

 *I don't know why I think I can moderate.* ..Because we want to be able to think that.  Because it's hard to let go of something that used to be fun.  But when we reach a certain point in our drinking career it stops being fun and it will never be fun again.  Once I accepted that fact staying sober got easier.
I know we need to be careful not to excuse relapses but this is the normal much more so than someone stringing together thousands of days. Recovery is rarely linear. I've had more day 1s than I can count and all of those ups and downs have shaped me into the person I am today. ..Years ago I would wake up with a hangover either from celebrating with alcohol or medicating sadness with alcohol and would think that's just the price that I pay for my fun. I would think everyone spent every weekend like this. It was just the running rate price for some temporary happiness. ..Through my recovery over the past few years including  a year+ sober streak I came to the same realization you are feeling now.  I'm done feeling like this . ..This is such an incredibly powerful realization even if it doesn't feel like it at the moment. It's a major step towards understanding the myth of drinking as glamorous. ..It's going to be ok really. You have a new lesson in your toolkit that you can lean on in the coming days weeks months and years ahead. ..Recovery is a never ending process. We're always growing. Always learning. There are plenty of people waking up right now that are not done yet. That are not ready to get off that elevator. I completely understand your frustration around this slip but you've already checked in here you're aware that you don't want to feel this way and you already have some experience with what it takes to be sober and the benefits that attach to it. ..You are on your way. Keep your head up. 
I'm always fascinated at the number of folks who desire/seek moderation.  I'm old and am  subject to binge drinking primarily on weekends.  Currently under control.  However since maybe my teen years I recognized that moderation was not gonna happen.  My problem is the "screw it what's wrong with7-8 high abv beers?"  Any idea of one or two is just not something I'd even consider trying.  MY lizard brain wants to reward me with these binges because I've been successful left the puking/drunk driving/blackouts in my teens and twenties.  BUT the guilt and knowledge that those 7-8 beers will catch up with my health (and the tolerable but uncomfortable hangover) is what keeps me from it.  Best of luck.
Thank you for posting this. It helps us all who are thinking of going back out. I too would always end up overdoing it and making myself ashamed and sick. Only a matter of time. ..I know you've had some really good sober streaks in the past and you can do it again. All that sober time in your recent past still counts and it counts a lot. Right back to it-- here you are! Please don't beat yourself up too badly. I will not drink with you today.
Your post is the story of my weekend life!  I hate how I feel the day after the fact!  Depressed and embarrassed even if I did nothing stupid!  Just look at today as being a whole new day a day for a fresh start!  Today is my 1st day again as well. We got this!!  IWNDWYT 
I did the same thing yesterday.  Did not drink for 5 days and was so happy and feeling good that I told myself i could buy some and just have one.....12 beers later here i am the next day.  I feel very alone but  know I will feel better tomorrow.  You can do this !!!!!!IWNDWYT
I won't drink with you today. 
I found that while I was looping back to day one I was still somehow starting day one a little further ahead each time. I believe in you!
Hey now I'm on day 2.  I've had more day ones then I can count last I checked it was over 700. Keep fighting I'm not giving up and neither are you. Iwndwyt
I've also had many day 1's. It happens. Last time for me I ended up in hospital. The important thing is that you want to keep trying that is a sign of a strong person. ..IWNDWYT ..Pip x
I've been there so many times!  So many relapses.   Finally over a year sober.   U can do this!! IWNDWYT
I did this SAME thing on Thursday!!! Friday was hell. I got through and feel way better today as well as redetermined to never touch the shit again!!! It is poison! You are not alone. Get through today and tomorrow will be better. Xo. IWNDWYT 
Yes! It sucks to go through but use it to remind yourself in the future!! Xoxoxo
