-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azrrje/need_advice_partner_still_drinks_heavily/

Hi everyone I've been an alcoholic for probably 4 years now and a drinker in general prior to that. At my worst I was drinking 2 to 4 large long island iced teas per day (homemade)...I've been trying to quit for over 6 months now. I'm doing it for my health and sanity as I'm tired of all my friends thinking of me as the drinking dude who gets smashed every time we all get together. I'm tired of waking up the next day and not remembering much of the previous day. I'm tired of finding out I said something incredibly stupid or made a fool of myself. I'm just sick and tired of it...I've been able to cut down my drinking dramatically and had varying success stringing together 1 2 and 3 weeks at a time with not a drop and never more than a 4 day bender in between. As long as I don't have that first drink I'm ok but any time I have one it always leads to many more. This almost always ends up as a multi-day bender that I have to restart the process of getting myself out again...The problem I'm having is that my partner is still an active alcoholic and the temptation when she's having a big glass of wine is significant. She has no desire to get on the wagon and thinks I'm being silly because we are successful and the drinking isn't interfering  that much' with our lives. She is amazing in every other way but this one she isn't budging on (yet hopefully)...What advice could you give for dealing with an alcoholic partner who is unwilling to quit with you? How do I avoid or resist the temptation? Any strategies for getting your partner on the wagon?..I'm 3 weeks sober as of today and working on more. Any advice and encouragement would be appreciated. I'm struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

I would love to give you advice but I too have the same problem. I am only day 2 and a bit scared of the future  but my partner drinks very heavily and I find I really don't need to sit and watch him drink himself in to oblivion. I have 3xplained that it does not help me get over my demons but he just says he's not at that place yet. Ideas? 
&gt;dealing with an alcoholic partner..ALanon is a great resource for situations such as these...I gain an understanding of my situation and I get tools to process and handle that which I don't control...&gt;How do I avoid or resist the temptation?..Free recovery meetings help me.  It people are drinking in my life I go to a meeting.  It refreshes me supports me and I'm better prepared to handle what life brings...If I find that the drama and chaos are more than I am willing to handle and/or it threatens my sobriety then I **remove myself** from the situation...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
If there is any way a spouse could be convinced to just give it up for a month or so (that would give you 7 weeks under your belt) that would be EXTREMELY helpful.  It was for me...I have found that the further I get from day one the easier it is for me to abstain...I am moving from the mindset:  I Can't Drink How in The Hell am I Gonna Get Through This Day to:..Man I Feel Good.  I Like this New Life.  I Don't WANT to Drink Anymore.  ..Of course I have cravings on occasion but they get less and less as time passes...Wishing you continued success.  3 weeks ain't no shabby thing!..and iwndwyt...&amp;#x200B;
My advice is to check out /r/alanon. You would think that having a drinking problem ourselves means we would be able to intuit how to deal with loved ones that also have drinking problems - not so. The skills one needs to get sober yourself are totally different than the skills needed to cope and deal with an active alcoholic and unfortunately they aren't intuitive. Luckily /r/alanon is just as kind as SD but with a focus on the loved ones of addicts.
My husband drinks daily and heavily. It was really really hard in the beginning. It has been significantly easier the more days of sobriety I had under my belt. ..One lifesaver is boundaries. Boundaries protect your sobriety. For me I wasnt tempted by his drinking more disgusted by it. So I had to set up boundaries about sleeping sex etc. ..I had to really bolster my support system because he was not supportive. Therapy and this sub helped me immensely. ..I had to reall embrace this path as MY path and own it. I read sober lit books listened to podcasts. I had a 30 day goal then.i set a 100 day goal. That helped me stay motivated. ..Stay strong my friend. 
My biggest piece of advice is to truly focus on *you* first...People say it in recovery and AA but it's nearly a law. If you put other people or things ahead of your sobriety you will lose them/it. ..Once you get your feet under you and have the foundation support and tools to be and remain sober (sound like you're not there yet) you can work other issues. ..A lot of us are alcoholics and want that instant fix but recovery takes time and dealing with a SO at the same time takes even more patience. ..This is personal experience from when I've tried to exert control over an issue or ignore my sobriety in recovery and in the past it results in eventual relapse. ..It sounds like she's not ready yet and I do think everyone has a different bottom. You sound to have caught this early as you know it is making your life unmanageable and you cannot control your drinking. I really recommend a meeting like AA. You'll find a lot of common experiences with good advice on do's and don't's.  ..Good luck. 
