-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azx72y/an_alcoholic_picks_up_where_they_left_off/

Had a good stretch of sobriety eating healthy even going back to the gym. Friday night I was invited out by multiple people to drink with conviction I told them I wasn't drinking anymore and felt good about it...Saturday afternoon something in me shifted and I decided I was going to drink all on my own. Nothing had triggered me so baffling. I was ordering multiple drinks at a time and spent over 500 dollars at 6 bars. It felt like I was trying to makeup for all the time I hadn't been drinking.  Yes still hungover af with anxiety through the roof ect. All I know is I slacked on going to my AA meetings and reading on stopdrinking which directly correlated with relapse. So here I am with an actual account now so I can post too. ..I even bought a silver necklace with a medalion and had it engraved with my sobriety date because I was SURE this time was different which is garbage now. Good thing I didnt get a tattoo. ..I always feel like I have to somehow celebrate my sobriety by drinking BAFFLING. I guess after 20 years of chronic alcoholism and substance use my brain has ways to trick me. Hey at least it wasnt 30 years. Not giving up.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you made it back!
&gt;I was ordering multiple drinks at a time and spent over 500 dollars at 6 bars. ..We used to call that being on a "mission."..Many of us can never really drink again. If not at that time then some time soon we'll be right back where we left off just like you experienced...Good luck with everything. And thanks for posting this. It's good for people to hear this. Even me.
You might be experiencing what's called an extinction burst:..[https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-dolphin-divide/201205/bursting-through-bad-habits](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-dolphin-divide/201205/bursting-through-bad-habits)..When a bad habit is almost out the door it makes a last ditch effort to stay. And even a minor trigger might be excuse enough.
I know what you mean. If I were to go back I wouldn't want to just have one or two I would want to order shot+beer until I was on the floor passed out...Time start sobriety back up!..
I need to read this..Iwndwyt
"Glad I didn't get a tattoo"   
This is the best type of relapse from my point of view....completely containable as long as you join me in not drinking today. ..&gt; I always feel like I have to somehow celebrate my sobriety by drinking BAFFLING.  ..Not even a little baffling I'm right there with you. Yes the day ending with Y was a good reason to drink but celebrations are really the hard part. ..&amp;#x200B;
I'm glad you're not giving up.  I thought about giving up many times.  But I just keep reminding myself that I always have to try.  It takes effort from me to be sober.  Sometimes I feel like throwing in the towel.  But I'm learning to live in the present and have so much gratitude for life.  Just keep trying.  I'm glad you came back
Well done for not letting a slip turn into a bender!
 I'm glad you've come back. Many don't. I hear a lot of relapse stories in the rooms and the ones that always stand out are from those that have been sober for years. All the stories end the same:  I knew that it was either come back in or die miserably.  Those words haunt me every time I think that a drink seems like a good idea. ..The best analogy I've heard for this was from a guy who'd just come back and he said  you can only hold your head under water for so long until you either decide to come back up for air or you drown.  As much as the selfish self-destructive addict part of me wants to go on a bender for the ages I know it would just wind up with me sick and miserable in detox again. I know it's not worth it. I just have to remember that I know that it's not worth it. ..And coincidentally I have a keychain with my sobriety date on it. Don't want to junk it! Thanks for being here and sharing. Good to have you back. 
This short video on relapse prevention was very clarifying for me (especially as an ex-smoker) :.https://youtu.be/FmjjxdDwOIc.  Relapse Prevention: Early warning signs and important coping skills   
