-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b09ru2/conflict_w_aa_sponsors/

I admittedly am not good w any authority and am quite a loner and struggle w relationships in general. I have this pattern of getting a sponsor  and then we argue and it falls apart. Example:..Sponsor  you're lucky to be sober very few get sober .Me:  that's not true research shows alcoholism is highly treatable .Sponsor:  whoever said that is a quack .Me:  no it's true that very few get sober is AA folklore .Sponsor:  well if aa is folklore then you can create your own path and good luck to you ..Me: thinking ugh....why does this always happen....
----------immediate responses--------

There's nothing in AA that says you have to have a sponsor...although I will agree that most alcoholics don't stay sober. Alcoholism may be treatable but most people will relapse at some point. It's a chronic disease so not surprising. Not like getting sober once cures you for life y'know?..I would take offense at the "you're lucky to be sober" part - this has NOTHING to do with luck and everything to do with ME making the right decisions!
I too have difficulty negotiating with verifiable facts. Sometimes I just can't compromise. If I tell you 2+2=4 and you reply with 2+2=6 I won't just split the difference so we can all agree that 2+2=5.
Something that works well for me is saying to myself: "I don't have to accept every invitation to an argument".
Good for you for standing your ground on this honestly. Have you tried other means of recovery besides AA or gone to a young person's meeting? I know at younger AA meetings people tend to be a lot more open minded and less dogmatic about AA folklore. I would try finding a younger sponsor if you can since they are more open minded or maybe attend a couple athiest AA meetings. Perhaps even SMART if there happen to be any close by.
Wait. I thought it was the other way around. I thought AA said that many get sober (like more than 30% at least) and the actual studies show that it's more like 10%... but of course studies are kinda hard when it's difficult to track AA members who are by definition anonymous. 
