-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0bkba/i_drank_for_the_first_time_in_2019_on_saturday/

And it sucked. All of it. ..That first taste knowing exactly how it was going to end up. Knowing that I was consciously choosing to get unconscious. ..Thinking that things had been going so well I deserved to drink. I read something here yesterday where someone said that drinking would never be a reward for them it will only be a punishment. And that is the truth. ..Nothing particularly bad happened. I met up with an old friend. Drank at a few bars for a few hours. Ate pizza and went to sleep. It's now 3 days later and I still feel awful...I've been sober before. For a few months and for a year+. But things start to get different once you're regularly putting in the work to quit. There's more at stake. I've seen how great sobriety can be for the first 10 weeks of this year and now all I want is to get back to that place. I know my anxiety and general disappointment will eventually pass and I only hope my brain won't convince me again that alcohol is a reward. It's a punishment. ..To anyone nearing the end of their pink cloud I would encourage you to keep pushing. All of my slips over the years have been due to social isolation. Somehow convincing myself that I can't have fun without alcohol. In reality alcohol is a thief of my own happiness. I traded a few hours on Saturday of something I can't remember for now 3 days of anxiety guilt and general sadness. It's not worth it. ..I didn't relapse on Saturday. I relapsed a few weeks before when I started wondering what if. I've read others talk about their relapses and their regrets but I've had to experience it myself yet again. I'm committing back to do more this time so that I won't have to experience it again. And I hope anyone on the edge right now can keep pushing through. Sobriety is the right choice. ..It's another lesson learned and I'm ready to get back to how I felt every day of 2019 except that one. I look forward to continuing to work on this every single day with all of you. Take care. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's more the rule than not that we go through relapses before finally finding sobriety. It's definitely not a straight line process moving forward...&amp;#x200B;..Good luck and keep coming back.
Thanks for sharing your experience. Know that we're all in this together. Any one of us can be in your shoes right now. But we're all in this together. We're here to support each other. Learn from it and move on. Today is the only day we have. Hugs! IWNDWYT 
After getting over the 2-4 week hump of withdrawal aside from the physical and mental improvement my whole view of alcohol changed. The look and smell went from something I craved to something that made me nauseous. I loved the taste of beer or that's what I thought over time but after abstaining I'm not sure I'd actually enjoy the taste or whether my body could stand it. I still get cravings for the buzz but not the actual act of drinking beer. It's like when I gave up sugar for over a month then ate something only mildly sweet and was completely overwhelmed with how sweet it tasted. 
Good on you! 
oh yea I been there. Sometimes I would relapse and nothing bad would happen but the last time I did it ended in a month long bender w me making phone calls to rehabs. ..&gt;  I've seen how great sobriety can be for the first 10 weeks of this year and now all I want is to get back to that place. ..This. I remember being so scared I just was never going to be able to get back to sobriety I just couldn't stop the cycle again it felt like. But I did and today I am 5 months of continuous sobriety longest I've been in a 15 years. Thats tite. ..Thank you for sharing!..**-**
Thanks for the post. 
Thank you for sharing this. And welcome back!
You did a good job of putting into words what a relapse is to me.  All you can do is work on today.  Good luck!
It's great that you can  get back in the saddle so quickly  after a slip up. IWNDWYT.
Wow thanks for this post I know exactly what you mean about the relapse happening weeks in advance. When I relapsed it was only after weeks of considering drinking not checking in on SD and sure enough I took the first opportunity to drink that came along...
Thanks for sharing...I'm alone tonight thinking of an ex I lost to drinking and wondering what is the point...But reading your post made me decide to tough it out.  Tomorrow will be better...IWNDWYT!
I needed to read this
Staying sober is so much easier than getting sober.:-) 
I also slipped up Saturday and then again today. The only reason I drank today was because Saturday's drinking sucked so much and I wanted a better drunk before getting back on the wagon. So stupid.
