-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0h69o/3_years_without_a_drink_or_a_drug_physical/

One definition of sobriety is "soundness of mind". We've all been in situations were things were emotionally charged but for whatever reason we kept our cool. Partners friends parents etc... may have been very upset angry inconsolable irrational or anxious yet in that particular moment we kept our heads on straight...We may have shared those feelings but we acted based on principles not emotions. It was empowering but also useful. When we are about to act based on what is right regardless of how we feel we are in essence 'sound of mind'...As my drinking progress these moments of clarity and principle became fewer and far between. I increasingly acted based on my feelings and my feelings were increasingly harder to control. I acted out of a selfish desire to always feel okay and my actions were informed by those desires. So if I felt anxious I drank; bored? Drink. Angry or sad? Drink. Uncomfortable socially? Drink...To me this is emotional drunkness as much as it is physical. I will induldge every feeling with a self centered action if only I can find something external (drink drug sex food money etc...) to make me FEEL okay. For me this eventually progressed into drinking a bottle of vodka a day...Once I start drinking I don't stop. I've done enough experimentation to prove that. So my solution should be easy. Just don't drink. But once I stop I always end up obsessing over drinking. How it will make me FEEL or how this time it will be different or how I've just been making too big a deal of it or how if people would just treat me better I wouldn't need to drink or if work was less stressful or marriage or (insert excuse etc...). So basically I'm in a pickle because once I stop drinking I can't stay stopped. In other words if I want to stay sober I need freedom from the obsession to drink or I will always start again...This physical and mental dilemma formed in me a cycle of insanity. It fractured my identity lead to a horrific loss of values and harmed my relationships. I believe that three people began to form my psyche: the person I said I was ( how I presented to others) the person I thought I was (from my dwindling conscious-awareness) and the person I actually was (based on my actions). Basically as these three versions of me distanced themselves from one and other my drinking seemed to worsen perpetuating their separateness...and the cycle of insanity that was my drinking got worse never better.  ..I started lurking on SD and thank God for all of you. Over a few months I began to identify with you all. Saw the success stories and the folks struggling but trying again. In essence I found hope here. It lead me to finally surrender and ask for help. I went to detox on 3/13/16 and haven't had the need to pick up since...Once i gained physical sobriety (a few days without a drink or a drug) I finally tries AA. I was an atheist and skeptical but had already crashed and burned with other options like CBT naltrexone and anabuse. What I discovered there has kept me sober for the last 3 years. I found a way to act based on principles not emotions and that lead me to find the freedom from the obsession to drink. This for me was through the step process...If I was sound of mind I would never again fall for the lie that a drink is a good idea for me. I could learn that instead of numbing my emotions with alcohol I can notice them look at them feel them struggle through them sometimes but act less and less based on them. Having feelings being aware of them and processing them but not necessarily acting on them unless they align with the right action my principles dictate in that situation...Viktor Franklin said "Between every stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom." This to me is the essence of emotional sobriety...Hope this is helpful. I won't drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

It was very helpful thanks for posting! And three years! That is amazing! IWNDWYT either my friend 
3 years is impressive. Good job!..Iwndwyt
Congrats on 3 years!! 
Congrats on 3 years!
Wonderfully thoughtful post. It is quite obvious you've done a great amount of work on yourself and it shows. I can sense a very clear minded well reasoned and happy individual sitting there writing that. Someone that has put in hard work seen the results of it and is rightfully proud of it. And knowing how much life can change from horrible darkness to uplifting light you feel compelled to hopefully inspire others to join you. I sense that from you knowing full well that I am projecting on you a feeling that I'm having. While our stories aren't the same they are quite similar and I would like to thank you for taking the time to share your success with us. It is truly inspiring to me for myself as well as inspiring for me to know that you are out there living like this. This is the type of inspired action that we as recovering addicts need to show our still struggling brethren. Let's keep living a consciously engaged life! Hopefully others will be drawn to what we have.  
Excellent post. "We may have shared those feelings but we acted based on principles not emotions. It was empowering but also useful. When we are about to act based on what is right regardless of how we feel we are in essence 'sound of mind'." This resonated with me today.
