-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0s57a/new_endeavours_this_will_be_lengthy_post_im_not/

Hello I (33m)have been lurking this sub for awhile. Out of all the alcohol related ones I find this one to be the most useful. Good on all of you for creating a wide ranging community with a diversity of perspectives on subject matter. I'm reaching out for some outside input. Or simply just have someone else read this post. ..Here's is a brief history of me for some context. ..Started drinking young. Got into the.Military. Drink became more excessive. Deployed. Drinking intensified upon my return. It was bad. For brevity's sakeUse you imagination...I was exposed to AA found it useful but didn't feel the need to continue on.  I found some aspects of it didn't sit well with me. Yet I maintained sobriety for seven years 2009-2016. I left the military. Got into first response in which I'm still employed.  ..I was involved in a catastrophic event/natural disaster as a first responder. It involved me being separated from my family for months. During this I had one drink. The worst thing happened. I had only one and nothing bad happened. It gave a false sense of security.But over the course of the three years consumption predictably increased. I was drinking daily. I was never drinking and driving. I never passed out. Most would say even my wife that I don't have a problem. But deep down I know I do.  Due to my previous experience I just knew there was something festering inside of me and the alcohol was merely attempting to drown the monster but that monster treads water. Longer than I can.  ..But I needed to have alcohol in my system.  I needed a glow. I couldn't put it away. ..This summer I suffered the loss of an platoon mate whom I deployed with. He took his own life. This winter is someone I worked with currently. Both struggled with addiction. And yet I couldn't put it away. A family tragedy happened. I couldn't put it away.  ..I have been white knuckling it since February 1st.  I started taking MMA classes. I have down other martial arts before but never seriously..For the first time I was able to find a reason to be sober. I'm guilty because have plenty of reasons to be. Beautiful wife and kids great job etc....But I don't know why this so different. It's effortless. I'm learning so much about myself. I'm being destroyed physically and mentally. And I have never felt better. I could cry. I have while training thank god for the sweat. I haven't felt this strong in three years. ..The issues is I'm seeing things more clearly.  I have enrolled in schooling related to my field of work. It's gruelling schooling too. It would open doors and mean more money for my family....But I don't think I can do it.  People have wanted me to do it.  I have always wanted to do it. But the thought of it sickens me. The pressure to do it and the guilt of not doing it is impacting me. I only have time and energy for one or the other.  ..Do I try and muscle my way through school or just follow what's making me happy in the moment?...
----------immediate responses--------

I personally would put my sobriety first and in that same vein I would double down on it and look for more than the MMA classes for example trying AA again or another support group like SMART.
As /u/rockyandyr said nothing you do is going to work or make you happy unless you can get sober - and be happy about that...MMA will be limited by the other abuse you are putting your body and mind through.  School will be a shitshow of missed deadlines and pressure - work will become an ordeal - ptsd (and you gotta have at least a touch given your history.) will be enlarged by booze...So yeah you have a choice but it's not the one you're asking about...  put your energy into recovery (not just sobriety)  the rest will follow...
Yeah thanks! Both of you...I definitely think  a recovery program is key I'm just glad I found something to keep off the booze since Feb. I have a support group through the industry that is very sobriety oriented.  I'm going to to check out at the next weeks meeting...I also just needed someone no bs answers. ..The thought of schooling doesn't seem conducive. It adds stress. At least for me it would. I don't know if that's the best route.  .........
Is there anyway to enter school in a non-grueling manner? I am in a pre nursing program. I am supposed to be taking 12 credits right now. I started the VA's STAR program &amp; mentioned it to my counselor. Her eyes said it all. I am currently taking 4 credits. My current  streak  is 21 days. I've only had 3-10 days here &amp; there this year. Making a C on a test &amp; absolutely failing a quiz (the quiz will be dropped) propelled me to knuckle down with a goal of 30 days. I also planned to take full course loads this summer...but nah not doing that shit either. I have an appointment to talk this over next week. My focus is sobriety/being a present parent sister &amp; daughter. ..TLDR; I would say talk to the program advisor. See if you can take a course or 2 starting slowly hopefully that will alleviate the pressure.
They say that when you begin recovery you shouldn't make any major changes in your life for the first year. Sounds like school might fit into this category for you. Maybe spend a year working on recovery (recovery groups meditation books prayer exercise therapy. I do all the things!) I'd be willing to wager that before the year is out you will have a new sense of clarity about yourself and what you want to do.
If the thought of it sickens you there is your answer. Trust your gut feeling. It will work out if you trust your gut feeling. Sounds like you are tough on yourself. My husband is ex Marine 2 tours PTSD sober since 2009. He is now finally ready to do school and kicking ass. But other areas of his life needed some time first. Everything will work out it sounds like u have a good head on your shoulders so you should trust yourself...I'm very sorry about your friend.
