-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0un2q/involved_in_a_vehicle_collision/

Normal day heading home from work all of a sudden the car next to me is careening into my lane with no sign of stopping.   I'm boxed in among other traffic with nowhere to go so bingo bango scrape and tango we collide.    ..I should have been aggravated as hell but:.1) I'm good with cars and the damage ended up being pretty minimal     .2) No injuries to anyone  .3) I was stone. cold. sober.  ..The whole time I couldn't stop thinking about how different things would have gone had this same event occurred only a couple weeks ago.  The officer involved likely would have seen me having just come from the usual after work "happy hour" and asked some tough questions.  Instead I drove the rest of the way home elated...So proud to be clean and clear.  Today definitely steeled that resolve.  Hopefully this can inspire (or challenge!) anyone else struggling with sobriety today. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I so so love this post and i'm so happy with and for you!!!!
Conflicted congrats! Congrats on sobriety sorry about the accident! IWNDWYT
Another sober victory!!
Glad it wasn't serious and glad you were sober! Good job :)
Phew good thing no one was injured! Keep it up! IWNDWYT 
1) Congratulations on seeing the positive and for your excellent decisions that led to the best possible outcome! 2) I'm so glad to hear nobody was hurt. 3) I resolve to use the phrase "bingo bango scrape and tango" in a conversation tomorrow while keeping a straight face. :-D
You forgot to mention that had you been drunk you might not have been so quick to react to the oncoming car increasing the likelihood of someone being injured. Along the sober path there are benches to sit and enjoy the view and it is such a reassuring and peaceful one.
Great post well done you
Nice work makes for a more peaceful life by the sounds
Happy for you.Sorry about car...I will not drink with you today 
I'm so glad you are safe and sober!!!
Good post and well done. And I hope your username does not check out in traffic. 
