-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0wv81/i_think_i_have_adhd_and_im_scared_to_talk/

I thought the reason I couldn't just *do my fucking job* was because I was drinking. So I cut that out. When things were better but not great by month 3 I thought maybe it was anxiety that was keeping me from success. So I started eating even better meditating getting up early etc. Still not much better at 6 months. I feel great physically I make good decisions in general except I still procrastinate horribly at 8 months now. I love my job it's rewarding and meaningful and lucrative and I know what I need to do and plan meticulously when to do it I just...don't do it. As I was looking up procrastination instead of working something suggested ADHD. I don't really know why but I looked a little more into it. I'm 26 and did fine thru school making it even more frustrating that I'm falling flat/failing to launch...Holy shit. It was like I was reading about myself. Things that go on in my head that I assumed was normal and happened to everyone came up on ADHD tests. Suddenly everything clicked from early childhood to now. It was the same ton of bricks that hit me when I realized I had become addicted to alcohol. The more research I do the more a part of me is jumping up and down screaming *that's me that's me!! These are my struggles!!* Now that I have the words for these weird things I do and that they're all related it's *so obvious* and lines up. I could write pages and pages on my revelation and examples from my life. It's oddly relieving to think that maybe I'm not just lazy or have no self discipline or afraid of success or something. Maybe I'm just still sick and that there is treatment and hope for me still...So I have an appointment scheduled with a regular Dr in a couple weeks. I'm preparing to ask for a referral to a psychiatrist to get an official diagnosis. But I've seen *so many* horror stories now of not being believed or assumed a pill seeker being told it's anxiety (which I'm sure it's not after experiencing true general anxiety when drinking this is disappointment in myself and fear of what tasks I'm forgetting/aren't finished) or worse maybe being diagnosed but not given any medications because of my past (research says so far the most effective treatment is medications) or because I should try lifestyle changes first (which I already have and I'm at the end of my fucking rope and can't afford with my shitty insurance while I make no money because I can't focus on work! See the cycle?). And that's without disclosing that I struggled with addiction for a bit there. There's no medical records of my drinking or anything so I could just omit that detail. But I don't want to be dishonest because things not getting better after quitting drinking and doing everything "right" was the red flag to me that there's a deeper problem here. And there are non stimulant meds out there. Some research suggests that treating ADHD can actually help with addictive tendencies because of the impulsiveness/decision making issues that are part of ADHD...I guess I'm asking has anyone here been diagnosed with ADHD as an adult after kicking a drinking problem? How should I approach this? Obviously I want to be honest but how much should I really share right off the bat to be taken seriously vs painting myself into a corner?
----------immediate responses--------

No doctor is going to black list you due to drinking. I've been in worse places than I am now and showed up with a BAC of 2.4. The only thing they did other than treat my symptoms were tell me that I should consider some life changes doctors just want to help addiction aside. More importantly they'll be more upset with you from lying than from living an unhealthy lifestyle. 
Trust me we see it all the time. Doctors don't judge and you won't be blacklisted. 
I got diagnosed at 6 months sober.  I told the psychiatrist about a dozen times that I am an alcoholic.  And one more time for good measure..   It isn't so much about "blacklisting" but rather being very careful in prescribing and to follow up closely.  
