-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b10m6w/im_struggling/

Hi all. I'm a little over 5 months sober from a daily habit of both alcohol and pot. I've tried to quit more than a handful of times and this is the longest I've made it. I was taking care of myself eating well getting great sleep working out 5x a week etc. I'd been feeling almost invincible until last week. ..I had a minor surgery on Thursday and the doc said I would not be able to exercise for a week or more. I was also given a bottle of pain pills to take for the first few days of recovery. Although at first I was pretty excited about having a valid excuse to be a little lazy it seems to have put me in a bit of a downward spiral. Coming off those pain pills messed with my chemical balance and I've been feeling depressed for the first time in months. Although I can start exercising again I just don't have the motivation. I've also been eating junk food that I had been so good at not indulging in. ..I don't know I'm just off and I can't seem to get back on track. The good news is that I haven't taken a drink but I've definitely been thinking about it. It came so suddenly. Before the surgery the thought of drinking was laughable to me. I feel like I just need to reset my thought patterns. I need to realize that a temporary setback doesn't mean I'm doomed to relapse. Any advice SD?
----------immediate responses--------

I know that when I've had surgeries in the past completely sober before I even tasted alcohol for the first time I get off after and it took me a while to get back on track. Maybe you can look at this as just a normal feeling after meds and surgery and give yourself time to get past it and eventually back on track? Rather than worrying that this may set you back in terms of your sobriety? Just a thought- but you've been doing amazing on 5 months so pls keep going!!!
Reaching out is the right thing to do.  ..Are you by any chance a member of of a sober community like Smart AA refuge recovery?  That might be a way to use some down time.....
&gt;Any advice?..Push through. That's what I'm doing. ..I wish I had made it five months. I haven't. I haven't even made it one month after roughly a year. So of course my inability to fast forward time combined with the swirl of chemicals on Day 2 combined with my track record I am absolutely a wreck...I wish I could fast-forward time. I also wish I had forty million dollars. But all I have is today...All I can do is: Push. through.
This may be a contrarian position but if you were to relapse I think you would be better off choosing the pot instead of the drink.  I don't think you should do either but if you are feeling like you are unable to continue living without doing something then I think a moderate amount of THC might be okay but realize that you are an addict and it will be easy for you to resume drinking if you also resumed smoking.  Just take this new time of inactivity for yourself... don't get so down right now... this is just a minor setback in your mentality and it will eventually pass... don't romanticize alcohol and marijuana because they aren't the source of true lasting happiness... good luck man.  I'm not drinking with you today.
