-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b10xba/3rd_and_4th_day_are_proving_difficult/

Went to AA last night. As an atheist in the bible belt the amount of spewing of Jesus and God is quite sickening. I am trying to get past it and find my own understanding of my "Group of Drunks.".They gave me a Big Book last night and Bill W's understanding of atheism is just horribly fucking wrong. Feel like this book is a method of conversion into monotheism...Was talking to my wife about my sobriety post meeting. She said and I quote "It's not like you will never drink a beer again." I think she was trying to convey that relapses happen all of the time but thats not how i initally took it. Which was quite fucking discouraging. I found myself going to bed being like "well maybe ill just cut back my drinking." She caught me and was told me "you're already back pedaling."..Got up this morning. Were broke as piss right now. I have one cigarette for this whole fucking day and this dumb cunt at work is up my ass with project management bullshit. I find myself extremely fucking agitated and literally grieving the loss of alcohol in my life...I didnt drink last night and I am trying not to drink today. One fucking day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Continue on the path towards sobriety.  You may not get it right the first time or the 100th time but if you keep at it eventually you will succeed and you'll stop drinking forever.  Don't give up on yourself.  Just try and find new hobbies that make you feel good.  Go get a massage take a dip in a hot tub play tennis basketball learn meditation take a hike in the woods do yoga watch a movie.  There are tons of ways to enjoy life without having to drink.  I'm not drinking with you today.  
Just remember that that book was written at a time where we were basically a Christian country.
Read a book called the naked mind by annie grace. I am atheist and aa was not working for me. I promise this book will help i am 86 days sober. 
I refuse to do AA for the same reasons. But I feel you buddy. Day 5 for me is St Paddy's day. And my wife and I usually go all out and party hard. I mentioned that to her and she said almost word for word about backpedaling. .Hang in there I know exactly how you feel buddy. 
The first time I got an extended period of sobriety I was right on money. Several months later I had a lot more money. Not spending $10+ per day for me really added up over time. ..I'm also trying really hard to focus on a day at a time right now. Thinking about the future and not drinking sets off a negative thought cascade for me ("not drinking for the next X days or weeks or months will be too hard just have a drink now so you don't have to commit"). That's pure garbage! So I'm just focusing on today and today i won't drink.
Sounds like you have a good wife. Someone who has your back...I'd be grateful in that situation.
I don't go to AA for the same reason. I grew up in the Bible Belt and I have zero tolerance for that crap. I've found that I really like SMART recovery meetings. If there isn't a meeting in your area they do online meetings all the time as well. You could do one from work and rant about all of it--just don't take a drink! 
These hard days add up until they're not so hard. Right now you're doing exactly what you need to do to stay sober even through the misery. and eventually you'll be able to add happiness back into the equation. Online meetings for secular AA and other non-spiritual recovery groups are available out there as well. The first few weeks were some of the hardest for me though it's a process for sure. Everyone goes at a different pace and for me it took months but I am glad as hell I didn't pick up a drink when it was horrible and waited it out until relief set in. I don't believe in god either. I'm glad you are here IWNDWYT. 
Lemme tell u.Days 2-9 were absolute shit stained hell for me..Stay strong and you will soon feel ALOT BETTER
I stopped cigarettes and booze same day.  1st week is Hell.  But then I tallied what I would've spent that week and it really added up.  $50 for smokes and $200 for booze.  In one week.  That's been a pretty big motivator going forward...Exercise in the evenings to take my  mind off it has done wonders too.
I'm sorry to hear that you're having a challenging few days. ..You are still in the very early stages: when it's hardest. Easier days are ahead. Soon not drinking will be your habit. You will get there...What helped me a lot was re-framing the way I thought about alcohol. It wasn't "I don't get to drink today" it was "I don't have to drink today." If we stop thinking of a life without alcohol as a life of deprivation this will be much easier. You aren't depriving yourself. You are on a process of self-improvement and it only gets better from here. ..IWNDWYT
It's possible that AA is not for you. I'd go to an AA meeting but in my life I've always been a freak magnet. Which is why I'm scared of meeting a group of strangers and pouring my heart out. I like this Reddit group and I'm thinking of joining SMART recovery. They have online meetings too...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Good on you for getting out to the meeting and making contact with the community here. As an atheist myself AA's fixation on God morality and powerlessness is bewildering. The driving force of chemical addiction isn't under your direct conscious control I'll grant but your brain is capable of remarkable recovery *if you let it*...Your brain is equally capable of remarkable self-deception. These inner voices are sometimes best ignored instead of reasoned with IME. Distractions are a valuable tool in this respect...I've found the book "The Naked Mind" helpful in sharpening my resolve not to drink and untangling the mindfuck that alcohol has caused me personally. It's also available as an audiobook if you prefer listening.
