-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b12mnk/not_what_i_thought/

I don't want to go back to drinking but after reading everyone's stories on here I guess I was expecting to feel better than I do now. after 6-10 drinks a night for the last few years I haven't touched any alcohol in about 40 days. Don't get me wrong no hangovers is nice and my anixity is better but I'm still sleeping like crap and struggle to wake up every morning. My mood has also been worse maybe because my "reward" at the end of the day is gone. I've been working out almost every day in an effort to lose weight and make myself tried for bed but it don't seem to he doing much good for either. ..Maybe I just didn't drink as excessively as some beforehand and I shouldn't expect some of the drastic results I hear about on here. I can't see any difference in my appearance weight is mostly unchanged anixity is less but still there and depressed mood is worse. I've been working with my doctor to try and adjust my antidepressant to help with the anixity and mood but so far not much has helped. ..Maybe my brain and body needs more time to recover from the years of abuse I've put it through. Quitting and staying sober has been easier than I had anticipated I guess I'm lucky for that and I know going back to drinking will not have any benefit to my life. Just wondering if anyone has had a similar experience...
----------immediate responses--------

Just heard on sober elevator podcast alcohol destroys the spiritual mental physical in that order. Sobriety repairs in reverse order physical mental spiritual. IWNDWYT from one person around 40 days to another looking for results and not always finding them.
I didn't really notice a difference until more around 90-100 days and even then there were significant ups and downs that whole first year. That said eventually after a year and a half I ended up going on antidepressants as a significant amount of time had passed and I was still struggling significantly with anxiety and depression. I drank for a lot of reasons and self-medicating was one of them I guess. But I couldn't fix what I was self-medicating until I got some real distance between the booze and I. Now I feel fully invested in my mental health as well as my recovery.
I feel like I could have written this post myself. Crazy how similar my current situation appears to be to yours. Have to believe things will continue to improve. Hang in there right there with ya. IWNDWYT 
In my experience it takes a long time for the body and brain to recover. I am the same as Sourcehunter9 in that it was about 100 days before things started to pick up. It frightens me to think about how much damage I did to myself that it takes so long to recover. It just takes time one day at a time. Keep up the good work and hang on in there. It does get better and better.
