-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b15bn9/418_days_without_a_drink/

It's a random insignificant number. I just felt like posting today hopefully to inspire or give somebody an extra motivational push. It's not a struggle at this point. It's not even an option now. I've been to bars and clubs with everybody with me drunk. No temptation. I feel too good now. I like the mental calmness and inner peace. I like my healthy body. I like saving more money. I like being happy. I do NOT miss wasting a days on hangovers.  My life isn't perfect I still have plenty of bad days. I still struggle with other things. But one thing is good every single day though I don't drink. I want the people I know to see sober me and be inspired enough to see the change in me and want that change for themselves. For that reason I don't preach I just be the example. I've shared this quote before and I'll share it again. It really struck home with me. My grandpa who was an alcoholic until his late 30's got sober through AA.. told me one time  son the day you quit drinking the war is over . This couldn't be more true. Love you guys. Keep with your intention.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Life is much easier without alcohol for sure. My daily mantra is whatever else is going on drinking will only make it worse.
418 looks beautiful on you.
Awesome. So inspiring!!!! Iwndwy!
Congratulations! Your strength is an inspiration 
Not insignificant at all.
This was nice to read thank you. Good job on 418 days with many many more to come. IWNDWYT 
Congrats your amazing       .We are almost twins on days of sobriety 
Holy shit!!  I'm on day 7.  I would feel like a boss at 418.  Will not be insignificant.  If I can get there
Your grandpa sounds like one badass dude. 
Congrats and continued success to you
Congrats 
Congratulations and thank you    .I'm 15 hours into quitting..... and at 34 I'm shaking and sweating and nauseous..
We share the same sober date! Congrats! 
Nice work! IWNDWYT 
   Great post! 
Really enjoyed hearing that. IWNDWYT
Relatable!
Well done on 418 days :) 
