-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1ldgz/friend_just_invited_me_to_wine_night/

I've known her for 20 years we dont see each other as much but we used to drink quite heavily together. A few weeks ago out of the blue she texted me a drunk picture of myself which was painful for me to see. (She has quite a few drunk pictures of me which I'd rather she burn) I think she sent it to me thinking it was funny but it made me cringe. I told her I don't drink anymore and had a lengthy conversation that alcohol is too toxic and painful for me. She said she understood and congratulated me on getting healthy.. .Today I get a facebook invite from her.  She's hosting a wine night. I have no desire to go. Being around a bunch of drunk women I don't know is triggering to me and doesn't sound fun. I'm a little ticked she invited me after I told her my struggle but I'm trying not to be annoyed about it. She likely doesn't understand and only wanted to include me...I'm irritated because I've been reading sobriety blogs and feeling good about myself all week and get this invite as if mocking and tempting me...Just venting. Past me would have jumped at this but I'm gonna see if she'll get coffee with me instead.  IWNDWYT!.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a similar experience today.  I mainly chalk it up to people not being conscientious.  They don't set out to be a stumbling block they just simply don't analyze their impulses regarding others beforehand.  Less close friends are the worst for it...I often feel like I have a whole friend group just waiting for me to cave in my sobriety so things can go back to the status quo.
To be honest at least she invited you. I realise it was kinda dumb and it would make me feel annoyed too but then when I don't get invited to things just because there's alcohol there then that also makes me upset.   We need more nights and gatherings that don't revolve around alcohol that's all! 
Going for coffee or brunch instead is a great alternative - good idea. I've been avoiding the poison parties too. IWNDWYT  
