-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1u3ep/lost_the_two_most_important_things_to_me_in_8/

Hello. I have had two terrible incidents with blackouts lately. 8 months ago I lost my dream job because I got blacked out at a work party and tried to fight a co-worker. ..&amp;#x200B;..Flash forward 8 months and I blacked out and woke up with a girl in my bed the next morning. I told my gf (someone I was hoping to marry) and I have not heard from her since. It has been three days. I always knew I struggled when to say when but I never considered myself an alcoholic because I would drink once every two weeks max. But when I drank I often would black out and embarrass myself. But now I am even going beyond embarrassing myself. I NEVER have cheated and I took great pride in that. I am completely heart broken right now...&amp;#x200B;..And even will all this despair caused by alcohol the thought of quitting sounds terrible. I already struggle will socializing I can't imagine doing it without booze. I can't imagine dating sober. I love the feeling of being drunk I am confident and sure of myself. But if I keep going what happens next? Do a wake up from a blackout in jail? In the hospital? Do I not wake up at all?..&amp;#x200B;..I feel like my life is over. Please encourage me I really need it right now :(..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Use this to focus on what you really want in life and ask yourself is alcohol really worth it! I watched my dad deteriorate from alcohol almost the same as the story you just described from losing the job of life time to losing his wife (my mom) and To have struggling relationship with his daughter! (Me 26) I had a heart to heart one day and asked him was it worth it he shook his head no broke down while taking a swig of his drink.....broke my heart and that was all I needed for me to quit! To me it's not worth at all but I live my life not yours so you really have to figure it out! I really hope life turns around in your favor! 
I want to give you credit for telling your girlfriend. You did the right thing. You have integrity and that is lacking in a lot of people. I can't imagine how hard that was knowing the outcome would most likely not be good. You know you made a terrible mistake and you owned up to it. You are a good person regardless of this bad habit. Please be kind and forgiving to yourself. You have already reached out for help here it seems you want to change. Perhaps you will need professional help. Seek it. You are capable of turning this around. 
And to add everyday you wake up and take that first breath is another Opportunity to make the best of your life and to make a change! So you may feel down in the dumps but you've been given another shot at life! Use it wisely!! Forgive yourself for you are only human who makes mistakes but NEVER forget so you won't make the same mistake 
&gt;  I already struggle will socializing I can't imagine doing it without booze...Mate you socialising with booze ended up with you fighting a co-worker and losing your dream job - that sounds like enough of a struggle to me...&gt; But if I keep going what happens next? Do a wake up from a blackout in jail? In the hospital? Do I not wake up at all?..I woke up after blacking out just after getting into a head-on collision; was taken to hospital then jail. I consider myself lucky to be alive and fortunate not to have killed anybody. Your consequences are already spiraling and I hope you don't end up in my position...Anyway I don't believe that my life is over or that yours is either! We've both had some setbacks but that doesn't mean that we can't move on from here. The first step for me in moving on was stopping drinking. Like you I worried about socialising and dating but although sometimes it's been a bit awkward the positive/negative balance is incredible compared to how it used to be! Yeah sometimes I'm not as socially confident but I don't wake up the next day anxious about whatever I got up to the night before...I believe that you'll be able to do this and that giving up alcohol will really help you out. IWNDWYT!
We all socialized before we started drinking alcohol. At some point we start using alcohol as our social lubricant. I'm only 9 or so months dry after 30+ years drinking and I can tell you... the ability to socialize comes back without alcohol. I was fooling myself in thinking I was smarter and better able to communicate when I was drinking. It's laughable now that I see others in the same condition I used to be in. You'll see.
As hard as it may be to look at it this way right now you have an amazing opportunity right now to do better. I lost some wonderful things and people in my life due to drinking and while I wish I could take back some of the awful blacked-out things I've done I would not be where I am now without experiencing those losses. I needed to create chaos in order to wake up and realize I didnt want to live that way. It sucks to mess up and feel lost in your bad choices but you have been gifted with an opportunity to learn grow and do better for yourself. We're here for you. 
