-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1vmg6/major_trigger_fighting_the_nearoverwhelming_urge/

My ex told me 2 nights ago he'd start taking me to AA meetings if I agreed to set a goal of 90 days sober because he knows I've been struggling with consistency. I said I'd rather do NA and he unwillingly agreed. But last night in the middle of an otherwise normal conversation he did a 180 and said he'd only take me to AA and that I'm trying to manipulate him by going to NA instead because I was pretending to help him with his addiction. Wouldn't explain what he meant by his addiction because he's supposedly clean from everything so I can't help but wonder if he's hiding something. But regardless he said he wouldn't even take me to AA if I didn't admit I was harassing him (wasn't) and threatened me with arrest. He doesn't actually have a case and I know it would be rescinded if it came to that but the whole ordeal was still incredibly triggering. I'm not really sad or mad...more like disappointed in myself for letting me hope he was serious about helping. I'm trying not to break my streak but I can't keep my thoughts from jumping back and forth between not giving in and saying fk it I don't care. I've straightened up dusted vacuumed cleaned the bathroom done the laundry and even allowed myself to have a grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup for brunch. 45 cal a slice 7 grain bread but actual cheese and butter which I've been denying myself. 0 comfort received from comfort food though. And worst of all I can't even exercise to alleviate the stress because I overexerted myself yesterday at the gym and strained my lower back. Idk how to cope right now. I have no interest in going out because I'm more likely to give in to drinking. I don't have the focus to read or play a video game or write or just freaking anything so I've just been pacing around trying not to cop a bottle.
----------immediate responses--------

 Do you have a friend who you can call and catch up with on the phone or in person? It's tax season have you worked on filling your tax return yet? Are your toenails painted yet? Do you like thrift shopping and want to go on a treasure hunt for something you probably don't need? Are you artistic or crafty in anyway and need to sit down and scrap book/paint? Does your dog/cat need to be brushed? What about that junk drawer I feel like it needs to be cleaned out and while your at it maybe reorganize your clothes. What about that hike where you keep saying your going to do one day? .Also not gonna touch the relationship advice but if you are serious about staying sober you can go to AA without him. Sometimes in sobriety couples can pull each other down and you need to focus on your mental and emotional state right now. If he isn't willing to go do it by yourself. 
When I hit bottom I went to an NA meeting and a junkie there saved my life. I transitioned over to AA because there are more meetings and the group that eventually became my home is 5 minutes from where I live. I still go to NA meetings occasionally and I personally think the differences between the two programs are negligible. But I started a 12-step program to save my own life and I continue to attend meetings to save my own life. Other people's opinions including my wife's and kids' are completely irrelevant. They are happy I'm sober and all but the path I choose to maintain my sobriety is mine alone. They are not responsible for my sobriety and they cannot make me relapse. It's all on me. When I'm in a tough spot like what you describe I get my ass to the first available meeting wherever that is.
Why do you need him to take you?  Is there a way for you to go on your own?  What you're describing sounds really toxic from where I'm sitting.  Relying on anyone but yourself for your sobriety is a very risky move that rarely works out in my experience.
[removed]
