-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1wrkg/6_years_and_relapsed_this_week/

Drug and alcohol free for 6 years. Have been drinking since Thursday. Low alcohol stuff and didn't get the alcohol I wanted because I don't want to full blown relapse. And won't go buy pot or drugs which is what I want. Anyway stay vigilant. I've been squeaky clean for years and here I am. I'm starting over Monday. Thanks for being there guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey friend.  Maybe just start over now?  Drinking for the rest of the weekend isn't going to make anything better.  Plus it only increases the likelihood of doing something stupid.  Anyway i'm not here to judge I understand the challenge.  Best of luck 
For me any future quit date just kept moving further into the future 
You can do it
You can do this! Keep going and fight off your demons. Stay strong I'm right there with you! IWNDWYT 
Are you up for writing anymore about how you are feeling?  What was the decision making process that led to have drinks on Thursday?  Good that you've picked a new quit day.   Why Monday?
Welcome back I hope you get help before a full blown relapse.
Stay strong you know you can do it. Iwndwyt
Make sure you remind yourself of the reason(s) you stopped in the first place and put them front and center. Without a reason you may never succeed.
Take care.  I'm thinking about you and pulling for you! Cyberhugs dude (ette)...IWNDWYT tomorrow or Monday!
Start when you wake up tomorrow. Don't shit on your Sunday. IWNDWYT
Get back on the wagon and it will be a tiny blip in a long and sober period of your life. I wish you luck don't be too hard on yourself 6 years of perfection is awesome but 6+ years of excellence near perfection is also awesome. 
Happy thoughts and hope to you friend. You're worth it. :) 
NTRTTY..(needed to read this thank you)
Good morning.Just wanted to pop in and say hi. Also welcome back. Your six years sobriety is amazing and inspiring. Don't you dare disregard all you've managed to achieve over one slip up. .Life happens and sometimes you have to choose the lesser evil in order to survive.  I know that's how I got into this mess...You're back now and that's what matters. Rooting for you friend.
What happened? Six years!
