-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b22cxp/st_patricks_day_flashbacks/

Just had a vivid memory return from 30 years ago. ..Trigger Alert: Description of assault ..When I was in the Air Force I was a tough SOB. I was only 5'9  and 153 but I had developed unbelievable strength. I could rip the largest Yellow Pages phonebook in half. I got out in 1982. St Patrick's Day 1983 I was shitfaced at an Irish Bar and bet the guy I could rip the Houston yellow pages in half. I fought with that damn thing but it was a well used one and I had only really ripped them when they were new. They guy at first wouldn't take the money at first but I paid him anyways. I got thrown out of the bar not much after that. I was 5 miles from home and have bits of memories of stumbling half way home/half assed hitch hiking and getting picked up. When I woke up the next day I was beat to shit. Cuts and scrapes and black and blue. My girlfriend said I showed up at the door like that. I blacked out as I got picked up. I have absolutely no memory of what happened or who picked me up. I don't know if they assaulted me or if I assaulted them. ..Fast forward to 1989. I was at a company event probably a shrimp or a catfish boil. Of course there was a keg. I worked with one of the most beautiful women on the planet and really wished I had the guts (and clear head) to find a way to ask her out. I bet a guy $50 bucks I could rip a phone book in half. This beautiful coworker comes up and says something like  You know you can't do that when you're drunk.  I said  How do you know?    Because my boyfriend at the time was the guy you paid $50 bucks to on St. Patrick's Day a few years back. ..She was right and I was so embarrassed I never got the nerve (or was sober long enough) to ask her out. Last I saw her she was moving east with that same drunk I paid the $50 to years ago. ..The first time I remember blacking out on St. Patrick's Day was when I was 17. Trying to outdrink my father matching him shot for shot. His friend brought his daughter over to meet me because I was new in this town. She was pretty. And she seemed to like me. I never saw her again. I woke up with scratches all over me. My stepmother told me that I had tried to pick up the German Shepherd by the tail. She and her father got disgusted and left. I have no memories of anything after meeting her at the door of our mobile home. ..I wish I would have or could have quit that next day in 1974. I suffered through another 18 miserable years. Functional alcoholic as far as a career but a human wrecking ball when it came to relationships. I still think about that woman from 1989. Why didn't I quit then?  Evidently because I had not lost more than I was willing to lose yet. ..One Thursday night after bowling getting drunk and fighting with my wife of 2 years in July of 1992 I was ready to shoot myself in the head. I couldn't find my revolver. We argued in the bathroom. I started poking her in the head with my index finger. She took a swing at me with a heavy hand mirror and cracked it over my head. I grabbed her carried her into the bedroom so we wouldn't crash into the closet mirrors and punched her in the face. I pulled the bunch when I realized what I was doing but I still hit her square. ..She left me as I backed up in horror and disgrace and f what I had just done. And I mean she left me. Out the door. Went and told the neighbors. He came over because we had been neighbors for 10 years to tell me she was refusing to call the police but I needed to make it right. That morning I checked myself into a psych hospital and told them I had almost killed myself. 3-4 days later a cute little girl in the hospital named Audrie said they were going to take us offsite for an AA meeting and did I ever want to go. She promised to sit with me in the van. I had no idea what AA was but my doctors told me that if I didn't quit drinking my antidepressants weren't going to work and I would die. I didn't want to die. That's why I checked myself into the hospital. ..The people in that room didn't look like me or dress like me but one at a time they told us their stories and how they got sober in AA. I heard bits and pieces of my story as each of them spoke. They asked me if I was alcoholic and I said  I don't know but I think I have lost more than I was willing to lose.   I got a desire chip that night and have been sober ever since. ..I absolutely could not have done it without the fellowship of AA and the 12 step program. I have had very good times and very bad times in these 26+ years. I battled major bouts of depression that returned twice and even had to have ECT. I had that divorce and another marriage dissolve after 7 years and getting blinded in my left eye but I have never come seriously close to a relapse. All because of the tools I was given in AA. ..If you are thinking of getting wasted on St Patrick's Day or even if you believe you can moderate. Please. Go look at your self in the mirror and ask yourself  How much am I willing to lose before I quit. ..You don't have to face quitting on your own. We're in this together. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing your story. I always tear up when I realize how many of us have had such a rough painful and lonely road to finally decide to stop. I'm glad you've had the courage to turn your life around and that AA was so helpful!! Thank you for your honesty your encouragement and your support over here. I'm proudly not drinking with you today. 
Thank you for your story. I saw a lot of myself in your story and it puts the question into perspective  why didn't I quit years ago  and the answer is and always will be; because I hadn't lost enough. I hope you have a great day sir.
Wow powerful stuff Gravity. That same dude's girlfriend huh? What a bizarre coincidence. ..So on a lighter note now that you are sober can you again rip a phone book in half? I mean that is pretty impressive actually that you could ever do that!
Thank for sharing that! 
You should write a book 
