-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2b5cj/the_black_box_of_relapse/

I've seen a few posts about relapse sometimes after more than a year. All of the posts share the sentiment that it was a mistake. I'm curious about that time no one seems to talk about - the period leading up to the first drink. I'd really like to know your personal sequence of rationalizations thoughts and feelings that led up to the decision to drink.  I feel like it will help me recognize when and where I'm at in that process. Spring is finally here in the Midwest and I haven't felt this strong of an urge to grab a beer since maybe Christmas (anxiety brought to you by mother-in-laws!). Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

the first time I relapsed was in 2012 the summer before I was moving out of state to finish my bachelors - I was over 3 years sober and oddly enough in June of 2012 I was hit by a car on my bicycle and ended up in the hospital but I pleaded with the EMTs and doctors not to give me any medication because I was sober..anyway it's hard to recall my thoughts exactly but it's weird looking back because I had worked so hard and endured a lot of struggles to get to that point but I guess the stress of major change got to me because it just felt right to drink without thinking about the consequences ..needless to say I went off to college and drank my life away and flunked my first semester and moved back home to regroup ..my most recent relapse I was absolutely positive I could handle it because I had a great job a new homeowner a dog and a business to keep me in line ..man I was so wrong...
Sounds like the Relapse Ladder can get dusted off and brought out for show and tell.  I got it off my App SoberTool and it highlights the steps to relapse that happen before sometimes long before the actual relapse event itself.  So:  here it is.  Are you climbing the relapse ladder?..Relapse is at the top of a nine step ladder of thoughts feelings and behaviors. The lowest rung is called happy memories . "Happy memories" means that you are thinking about the good times you had while you were using. The next rung up is called "I wasn't that bad ." This occurs when you tell yourself you weren't really that bad that your addiction was someone else's fault that your problem was caused by anything except your disease. The next rung higher is stopping   treatment. This means that you cease going to meetings you stop practicing the steps you don't have time to see your therapist you stop talking to your sponsor you don't do your daily meditation. When you stop treatment you pretend that you can stay sober by doing nothing. The fourth rung is called high risk situations . Examples are you return to the bar that you used to frequent you begin hanging out with your old using friends you spend long periods of time isolating in the basement where you used to drink vodka. You put yourself in these situations not thinking that you will use there but just to experience the feeling of being there again. The fifth rung is called emotional imbalance . During emotional imbalance something causes you to get really angry irritated or otherwise emotional and you remember how your drug drink or behavior took away the pain of the emotion. You may even get really happy and you remember how you always drank to celebrate. Now you are really getting higher on the ladder and like any ladder the higher you go the more dangerous the climb. Also the higher you go the more committed you are to reaching the top. The sixth rung is fantasizing. Now you are spending increasing periods of your day thinking about using for no apparent reason. Fantasizing leads to the seventh rung getting ready to use . This means you intend to use and you plan how you are going to relapse. You tell yourself that tonight when my husband is asleep I am going to sneak out to the Bar. You make arrangements to buy drugs. You return to the internet porn site. You get dressed to go to the casino. You think through the exact steps of where you are going to go to get your drugs drink or act out. On the next rung you actually get the drugs or order the drink. You acquire the tools of relapse. On this rung you may feel a terrible panic and unless you reach out to someone (which is now incredibly difficult to do because you are so committed to reaching the top) you step up to the final and ninth rung which is Relapse .   As you know the Relapse rung has a crack in it and cannot bear your weight. So you come crashing down. Sometimes the crash happens immediately. Sometimes the crack worsens over time. But since there is a crack you will fall. If you survive the fall you will feel guilt at having relapsed. You will resolve to stop using. And unless you get treatment you will start the terrible climb back up the relapse ladder beginning with the first rung which is ....TO DO:.If you are on the Relapse Ladder you need to get off on the lowest rung possible BY TELLING ON YOUR DISEASE! Remember there are two parties involved in a relapse. There is you and there is your disease. If you tell someone that you may be on the Relapse Ladder you are telling on your disease not you. So ask yourself if you are on any of the nine rungs. If so say to yourself "I must get off the ladder now" five times to yourself with increasing emphasis. Then pick up the phone and tell your trusted friend confidant therapist or mentor which rung of the ladder you are on and that you want to get off. (Leaving a voicemail message also works). If you can't connect with someone read your recovery literature pray to your Higher Power write down which rung you are on and list the consequences which made you want to get sober in the first place. Do something recovery oriented and don't substitute your drug of choice with another drug or bad behavior lest you start a new addiction. Then try to connect with a supportive person as soon as possible. This process works regardless of your philosophical or religious beliefs. Remember sharing with another doesn't mean that you only reach out when you have a recognizable craving or urge to use. Sharing means that you reach out and discuss where you may be on the Relapse Ladder...
I haven't relapsed in a while but when I did before it was kind of like "OK took a good break. Feel better. I won't let it get out of control again." But of course it quickly gets out of control. I've read a lot of relapse posts here and a lot of people start thinking they will be able to drink moderately after some period of sober time. You should probably really beware if you start thinking along those lines! I've seen a lot of other reasons written about here too though. Someone maybe a month ago or so did a great post about that they relapsed in their head long before they ever hit the liquor store. They said they saw it coming but felt powerless to stop it. I wish I could remember the user so I could link it! Anyway vigilance friend! I will not drink with you today.
I plan my relapses before they happen. I can get like 45 days and then something flips in my brain and I have a series of events that leads me to drink again. It is mostly due to mental issues where I can't get any relief from feeling anxious and depressed and I talk myself into drinking as a way to escape. I've not made it past 60 days yet but right now is the time I need to start thinking about what I can do to prevent this from happening again especially now with the weather getting warmer. I just went to my first meeting so that's definitely a new tool in my toolbox. I also now have a list of people I could call when I start feeling like drinking. Those are two things I can utilize that I didn't have before.
