-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2e22b/why_me/

I've been sober for 14 months now and I've met a lot of friends in AA and other recovery groups. I just spent the weekend in a sobriety workshop focusing on spiritual growth so I can live a better life focusing on helping others rather than helping myself...I got home tonight and the first thing I heard was a good friend had relapsed and died. She leaves behind a beautiful 7 year old and a loving mother and countless friends...This isn't the first time someone I've known has died because of addiction but it's definitely hitting me the hardest maybe because I'm not burying the emotions anymore...Why the fuck can I stay sober when people who need it more can't? I spent most of my 20s pushing everyone away so that when I died I'd leave behind nothing but people saying "good riddance." I don't have any real responsibility outside of keeping myself fed. I don't have a child who is now an orphan I don't even have a dog anymore...Why me? Why not her?
----------immediate responses--------

I dont have the answer but im sorry for your loss. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. It is hard. All the  whys  but it's so important that you're doing what you need to do in order to stay alive and healthy so that somebody you love won't have to ask the same questions. We can't make anybody else sober only ourselves and we owe it to ourselves and those who love us. I'm so sorry that she couldn't overcome her addiction but the disease of addiction is so complicated and personal. I'm proud of you and I'm so sorry for everything you and her friends/family are going through. It isn't fair. iwndwyt 
When I have trouble understanding issues that are really bigger than me I have to remember my brain has limitations as a human being. I was thinking about the Chris Watts murder the other day how a person with such evil could end the lives of people that he loved and were closest to him his children. I was getting frustrated and upset and I realized it is really beyond my capacity as a person and I can only control me and what I do. I'm lucky to be here and I just try to make the next right decision in front of me. I hope you find peace with the situation.   
I'm sorry for your loss. ..The fact of being an alcoholic is that it could have been you it could have easily been you me or anyone who has this disease.
Dont ask those kinda questions..Ur blessed..Do not tempt the gods
