-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2pdwp/november_shame/

I've not been back here since 23rd November 2018. (LONG POST)..Reason?..I broke! I fucking broke. Went to a wedding reception and ended up having "A drink". It didn't stop after that...I kept going. And going. And you guessed it going...I've been back at the devil's juice (and worse) after that day. I was sober for over 100 days. I was proud feeling healthy loosing weight felt handsome again someone that my wife might be proud of...Not now. I sit... still with a drink in my hand and let you all know that I fucked up. I always have the plans to stop the next day. But the next day becomes the next day. And I have a bad day at work or I have a tiny argument with the Mrs...Any of the smallest inconvenience I'm stressed enough to think drink will sort me out...What the actual fuck!!!!!..I stopped to a new level the other day where I took a couple cans of Scotland finest (tennents) to work with me and emptied them into a coffee thermos throughout my shift cos "fuck it why not!?". Finished them and then thought - you fucking idiot. Putting your long term service experience job and possibly my marriage on the line because "fuck it!"...No that's not how it works. ..There's absolutely no reason behind this message/rank/confession other than I'm sorry to you me and my family that I had that starting drink after a struggle to get to where I was and lost everything I worked so hard for. ..I don't even know if I can start again tomorrow or the next day I feel that I am what I am and I can't  change where I came from and what I've become. My mental stability and courage has reached an all time low and it's all to do with me me me...I hope by reading this that anyone who has had a small slip 1 day sesh where you jump straight back on the sober train that you always think about what you're doing by taking that sip that starts the slippery slope to your hangover the next day. Your bank about being wayyyyyyyy worse off than before. Your friendship or relationship possibly being changed... just don't do it...Peace out you lovely people. I don't next time I'll be back to reclaim my counter. I genuinely hope one day I come start and stay.
----------immediate responses--------

