-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b305w5/4_months_and_failed_because_st_patricks_day/

I'm struggling today. I have been trying to quit for some time now because I get extremely bad anxiety for sometimes a week after drinking...I got really drunk for Halloween and made a decision to stop. I had been doing really well for months but with St. Patrick's day I thought I might be ok and have some drinks. I had far too many nearly blacked out at the end. ..I don't really know why I'm posting this. I'm just feeling really depressed and anxious today and want these feelings to go away. I'm trying to admit to myself that I'm an alcoholic with anxiety and need to remove drinking from my life forever but it doesn't ever seem to stick. 
----------immediate responses--------

One day doesn't need to erase all those sober days. 
Dude 4 months quitting is great. One bad night doesn't erase that mental strength and will. Get back up my friend. Today's a brand new day. You've got this. 
You did a whole lot better than I have this last year. Don't be so hard on yourself. The anxiety is amplified by the drinking. Dust yourself off come here for support and try a new day. It'll be ok. This community is amazing. IWNDWYT 
Don't beat yourself up too badly my friend...and don't take away the accomplishments you have achieved. 4 months sober is a very big deal in our world.  
You're doing well setbacks are basically inevitable. What's important now is to stop again and not continue because you messed up - I honestly think that's a bigger win..You've got this :)
My suggestion would be to take it as a learning lesson in the overall journey remember some go back to drinking and their rational thought leaves so I applaud you for thinking critically about your choice to drink. I am 4 months myself so I really identify with your position. 4 months is a good amount of time to evaluate if sobriety is something you truly want to pursue as your highest purpose as that is the decision I have made for myself. The decision to drink the other day can either confirm or deny yourself the opportunity to move forward in recovery. Best to you and forgive yourself!
It's ok because you won't drink today.  I will join you in not drinking today. 
Reset and keep going learn from your mistakes.
Anxiety is the worst. If it helps I drank to kill my anxiety and depression as well. Got on meds and quit drinking two years ago. No anxiety and working on depression. When you realize that booze is the worst thing possible for your issues you will be free!!! One hour at a time 
Hey- almost no one succeeds the first time. Or the second time. Or the third time...You stumbled. It's okay. You have now learned that there are certain times you have to take more care...Check this out- it'll help...[https://personalexcellence.co/blog/failure-infographic/](https://personalexcellence.co/blog/failure-infographic/)..We all have to fail in order to learn how to succeed. Don't be scared or shamed by this- be heartened. You have now learned to recognize a potential pitfall. 
You failed because of YOU..  dont get a case of the buts..  but it was st patricks day but it was my birthday but but but...Start over and learn from your mistakes but before you can do that you have to admit that one is too many and one hundred isnt enough.
Don't beat yourself up I've been trying and failing for 40 years!!..It's perfectly normal to go through the emotions but there's always something there to bring you back it can be smallest thing the way a tree moves in the wind I've found nature so helpful to strengthen resolve. ..Think of that awesome 4 months resolve as a training session now it's time for the   next session..... make it longer stronger...The fact you did 4 months is amazing!!..One day at a time..... the past is history the future a mystery the present is your gift...Peace and love!..IWNDTWY   
Today is a new day! IWNDWYT
If we don't put the drink to our lips and ingest we will have no regret the next day! We can't be fooled with but g drinking days either because its our health we have to look after! No one else cares about how we will feel.the next day so its on us to stay away from drinking. Good luck my friend!
You can choose what you do next. That's your power and no one else's. While you may have slipped you spent four months training your will and mental power and you can tap into that power now to get back up. ..It's not the end. It's not over but YOU have to choose what you'll do next. Either way we are here to support encourage and NOT drink with you today.   .
The book  Alcohol Explained  was helpful to me. Gives a really good explanation of how alcohol causes anxiety as well as the urge to then drink more to relieve anxiety. It's a nasty cycle. I agree with the others who mention finding and using other tools to treat or manage anxiety. Best of luck to you. Four months is a long stretch. Be proud of that and start again!
You'll be good. Be proud of those 4 months for sure! IWNDWYT 
Keep trying !! Your 4 months are not in vain ! you still got the 4 months do it again and again it will stick on one of those attempt garantee! IWNDWYT
Remember exactly how you feel right now. Memorize it even. Write it down on the fridge. ..The next time you want to drink just fast forward to how you feel right now.
Hey there - 4 months is amazing and something to be really proud of. As an adult I've NEVER had 4 months of not-drinking - you've shown a lot of strength already. ..Also completely with you on the anxiety - but you're already more perceptive than most in that you can realise the two things are linked. ..You have much more experience than me on giving up - so I'm in no position to give advice but IWNDWYT
I'm not trying to kick you when you're down but your title is unsettling. You didn't drink because of St Patrick's day you drank because you made the decision to drink. Also let me say I totally understand why you made that choice. You're not the only one to give into that temptation and it doesn't make you a failure. It happened and you probably feel bad about it. Is there something you can take from that experience going forward? In any case I hope you can try to be kind to yourself along the way.   
