-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b31dp7/what_do_you_do_instead_of_drinking/

I'm enjoying my nights sober now but kinda struggling to find things to do
----------immediate responses--------

I started vaping/smoking weed. I haven't quit drinking all together but I've significantly cut back thanks to vaping. During the week you can take the edge off with a nice buzz and not worry about being hung over etc. (just be careful of the munchies!!) lol
I bake (the cookie kind not the weed kind)!
I've been taking advantage of the weight loss as a platform to get in shape by taking my dog for longer walks and trying to reach step goals. Oh and smoking some weed (Indica) to relax and help me sleep.
I go to the gym alot and i eat alot of chips and chocolate ........... so it balances out !
I started reading again.....usually an hour before bed because it makes me tired lol
Before work: gym...After work: bike ride run make a big meal day-to-day shopping house projects general life upkeep (budget/laundry/cleaning) read watch TV or a movie play a video game play board games with friends work on an art project go to an event (author speaking concert whatever) etc...
I do Orangetheory workouts after work so by the time I get home a drink sounds awful. I cook a good dinner eat and watch the Office with my SO and then read for an hour and go to sleep ready to wake up without a hangover. 
Exercise read clean. I'm only on day 4 it's keeping me busy but I'm trying to get to the point where I'm okay with feeling  bored  I binge drink when bored. 
For the first year I went to a meeting every night bc nights are tough. Now I don't go every night. I'll hang out with friends go to meditation/yoga night walks watch the Office. I was never a social butterfly and I think it's harder for people who really enjoyed the scene of parties and bars and clubs. 
Is eating a hobby? Lol
Right now after work I try to work out (takes an hour) go to a meeting (another hour). So then I have less time on my hands so I'll take a hot bath watch TV. Read video games. Sometimes I just go to bed super early because my body is really tired when I sober up after a period of drinking. 
Aerial acrobatics :)
I don't do much during the night anymore. I relax with some netflix and hit the hay early.  The real fun is in the morning getting up early grabbing my camera and going out birding. Couldn't do that before when staying up late and waking up hungover!
I bought a motorcycle with the money I saved from quitting drinking so I go riding all over the place and take pictures of my bike. I'm trying to learn how to be a better photographer...&amp;#x200B;..This is something that I would 100% not be able to do 2 years ago when I was drunk all the time so it's a nice way for me to celebrate sobriety every single day just because the two have a direct link to one another.
Workout usually. By the time I'm done I'm too exhausted to get drunk. I'll probably start hiking when it warms up a little more. Also I'm reading every night now. 
Same shit really. Only I do it with La Croix. ..That's the honest answer. 
Live my life grow and love myself
Walking running reading listening to music spending time with loved ones.
Now that spring is arriving I have started playing PokemonGo in the early evenings.  It is free.  I can do it alone or with my 13 year old son).  I even met up with a larger group in town this past weekend.
I sit around with an empty glass where my booze used to be and stare into space unwinding from my shit job in silence. It's quite relaxing really like meditating or something.
Live.
