-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b31pa7/alternatives_to_aa/

Of course I will be going to meetings but the thought of going everyday and making it a thing for me makes me want to die. I'm an antisocial person and I hate the whole process. Waiting outside for it to start. Reading from books. .I do want to go to AA often but what about days when I can't go? Is there something I can do? .Because if my family finds out I miss a meeting they will judge me. And by the way that makes me want to drink too. Them forcing me to do things that make them feel better. I have to do things my way or else I will relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

SMART Recovery and Refuge Recovery both taught me really good alternatives. They both have literature (in SMART's case primarily a workbook) worth looking into. Cast a wide net and see what works for you.
Church 
While AA is the most well known recovery group it's not the only one. And AA doesn't work for everyone. Check out the groups that the previous poster mentioned. :)..Also there are online counseling and therapy services. They offer anything from text talk to video sessions. They do usually have a few tho as they are licensed counselors and therapists. ..Good luck. 
This subreddit online groups (there's AA ones and other sobriety ones; I like the women for sobriety chatrooms if you're female) finding hobbies you like join a gym or club going trail running helps me because it's my peaceful thinking time therapy (maybe one on one will be better than a group and sometimes it's helpful to get a medical perspective)...Basically it doesn't have to be AA there's a lot of ways to get sober or to find help and support. You just have to find what works for you. 
Have you gotten a sponsor and are you working the steps?  .Forming a bond of trust with someone is really essential.  .If you need help or advise feel free to message me anytime.  .I got 8 years sober have a sponsor and am willing to sponsor.
I really like the podcasts This Naked Mind Take a Break from Drinking and Recovery Elevator and listened to them multiple times a day very early in my recovery. Heck I think I started listening to the latter two before I quit! They all have a little bit different perspectives and provide a range of voices I found useful. ..I went to one AA meeting and might go again but I heard equal amounts of "ick" and "aww" and probably won't go back. Those podcasts have a good mixture of personal stories psychology and science that I find encouraging. Best to you!  
LifeRing is a big reason I'm sober today! We are a secular peer support group. Meetings tend to be smaller and everyone usually gets a chance to share if they want to. We encourage cross talk and asking questions and giving advice. They aren't everywhere but they do have online meetings. I would highly recommend checking it out. I will not drink with you today!
I am 4+ years sober and primarily relied on this reddit other online support groups and books to get and stay sober. I did try Smart Recovery and did go to a few AA meetings however they were not my primarily support system. 
 I have to do things my way or else I will relapse . ..I used to think like that. And then I realized doing things my way got me in the situation I was in. It was time to try something different. ..I can find fault in AA or any other recovery program. I can also accept the fact that AA saved my life. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
