-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b340oi/help_please_day_8/

Ugh. I'm struggling so so sooo much. I feel so stupid writing why. I'm just so tired of being so ridiculously lazy and uninspired these past sober days. I'm doing Nothing. I had all these reasons to stop drinking. Besides the obvious One of them was get my body/self esteem back. I haven't done one minute of exercise. Another was being super productive. I want a better me but have ZERO ability it seems to get off the couch. It's like I'm paralyzed. I'm getting nothing at all done less than before. And it's triggering me. The voice is whispering lies. And the drink is calling. Anyone have tips of how to kick start me into some sort of action? Or at least tell me this will pass soon. I hate being this way and I want to feel inspired. 
----------immediate responses--------

I recently started listening to inspirational/motivational speakers on YouTube. It's helped some! But sometimes it just takes some time to level out. Hang in there!!
It will pass. The first days and weeks are the hardest. Be nice to yourself. The way I thought was that my only goal for the day was not drink. If I layed my head on the pillow and was sober it was a successful day. That's the ONLY thing that matters. Still the same way pretty much but as time has gone on I feel more energetic and do more. Still though on days when I feel unproductive or whatever I just remember that my entire day is defined by my sobriety. It is the key to everything else I eventually want to do but without it nothing will ever get done. So be nice to yourself don't be in too big a hurry and remember any sober day is a good day. Keep up the great work. IWNDWTY!
Actually  you done a lot by staying  sober  for 8 days.  Give it time.  When you compare  8 days to the time you drank its not much. Every day you stay sober is Success. Iwndwyt. 
Hey it WILL pass &amp; you will soon become super productive! I felt exactly as you described my first few weeks. I just sat &amp; looked at the stuff in my house. It was like I was seeing things as I had never seen them before but I was paralyzed-just like you said. Maybe it's our bodies going into shock or something-who knows. That empty feeling did go away. Then I was lonely. Not a single friend stopped by or called &amp; my husband of 4 months had just left me (he was a con man-obviously never loved me-think he just married me to make himself look good-long story). We have all mutual friends &amp; they all drink. Maybe that's why. After 2 months of complete isolation I texted the best friend  I have (who lives ONE mile away) &amp; say hey what in THE hell is up with this?! She said she thought  no her  was better than  bad drinking her . Told her I didn't care if she drank - I just wanted some company &amp; she rolled over a day later. Anyhow after a few weeks I seemed to gather momentum-started cleaning everything in sight organized my house cleaned my car etc. &amp; started to feel much better. Then the loneliness kicked in big time. I've been inviting friends over to do non-drinking activities or just riding (or driving) along with them to visit other people go shopping brunch at my place-something-anything! &amp; even went to my old favorite bar on St Patty's day w/a friend - she drank liquor &amp; I had sweet tea. ..So it does get better. Then it gets worse better worse. I think as long as I can keep finding new things to do I will be okay. At first I had zero urges to drink but I've been wanting it for about a week now. The store is a 5 minute drive from my house. Was tempted to go get a couple IPA's just now but I saw myself in the mirror &amp; just stopped. I look better than I have IN YEARS. Face isn't all red &amp; puffy I've lost about 20lbs no more waiting to get off work to go drink no more wasting TONS of $$ on alcohol &amp; going out. So I will make it through today just on that. ..Congratulations on Day 8! You can do this-I can do this. If it were easy everyone would do it. Therefore we are amazing &amp; do not need a drink! I will not drink with you today-it WILL get better. My best to you! ((Hugs))! 
It will pass. ..It's not like once you set the bottle down you immediately snap back to 100%. It takes time. ..If loafing on the sofa is all you can manage for now so be it. As long as you're not drinking...Please be patient and be very kind and gentle with yourself. Your body and mind are healing from serious abuse..
You have to get outside.  Cycling was the only way I coped the first couple weeks.  I knew if I didn't replace the drinking with something else I'd never quit...I didn't do it for exercise or weight loss or anything.  I just ride around get a coffee in a park and tire myself out so I get home and only want to sleep.  
I am only on Day 2 (again) and I am feeling you. I don't want to do anything but sit on the couch and watch TV. Hoping everyone is righty and it will pass eventually. Good luck to you!
One thing at a time. You are doing a very big thing your body and mind are healing. It's ok to rest. Being sober is enough. Later you can exercise be gentle with yourself. You are moving mountains! Iwndwy
It will pass but I'm the impatient type. So I decided to set micro goals for myself. I told myself I just needed to complete one goal per day. ..I made a list of easy to accomplish good for me goals. ..Here's a sample:..- wash my face before I go to bed.- floss my teeth.- stretch .- watch a TED talk.- listen to a podcast.- do 5 push-ups ..I wrote them down on pieces of paper and then put them in a jar. I then draw one out and that's my task for the day. ..The idea is that completing simple goals will lead to bigger goals. So far it's working and I've even managed to keep doing a lot of the health related goals every day. ..Good luck
