-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b35miy/im_sad/

Hi everybody. ..I'm 27 and I'm coming to grips with the fact that I have a drinking problem and this whole thing has been really hard. I got a bit of a wake-up call today. I have a sensitive job involving other people that I absolutely should not be doing while hungover and yet I go to work with a hangover probably 2-3 times per week if not more. My job performance has been suffering. I'm missing the details at work because I barely have enough willpower to get through the day after I drink which means that I've missed deadlines mixed things up and neglected to take steps that have really needed to happen. I'm not naturally very detail-oriented (there's been speculation in the past from people in my life that I might have undiagnosed ADHD) and adding alcohol to that makes it about a thousand times worse. My supervisor was extraordinarily kind about all this and there was a part of me that wanted to tell him why I've been struggling but I didn't. I kind of shut down over the shame of it all. ..I don't actually know when the alcohol took over my life like this. I know that I've never been able to drink moderately not even when I was 18-19 and new to the whole drinking scene. I know that this got a lot worse about a year and a half ago when my ex-husband left me out of the blue. We didn't exactly have a healthy relationship but that whole series of events absolutely broke me. I think part of the reason I drink so much is because I start thinking about that relationship when I'm sober and I inevitably land at a place where I feel sad and worthless. I talk about this a lot with my therapist and that's been super helpful. ..I'm so sad all the time and I worry about so many things. I worry about what my future is going to look like. I worry that I'm going to die alone because frankly I can't see any reasons why someone would ever want to love me. More than anything I'm just sick and tired of having so many problems while everybody around me has their shit together. I don't know where my life is going but maybe if I can take the alcohol out of it that'll be a step in the right direction...Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

When I got my first DUI I didn't care much of it. My lawyer said "Let's get you the PBJ and you're good to go". I walked into court my lawyer said his speech I was forgiven by the county. End of story. Before I knew it I was starting to push the envelope again.... and I got caught....again. Why? Because I am the type of motherfucker  who tries to turn any inch you give me into a mile. I was given a slap on the wrist and that wasn't frightening enough. The piss testing is. ..Let me tell you in the last 47 days of no booze I am starting to think the 2nd DUI was almost a blessing in disguise. It has kept me off the shit and given me time to think clearly. And when you take the first step to reach out get a support system and start from scratch.....you'll be able to think clearly too. And you'll realize a battle hard fought is a battle better won. Give yourself time to clean up your brain will change. You may have to scratch and claw a little bit but show people you are not the booze you once drabk and they'll come around. Make new connections. Give yourself another page to start a new story. 
Hi Mary this post broke my heart. I can relate so much to what you wrote. A few years ago I was sad in a new city by myself and alone (at least I thought I was). I binge drank almost every night to make the sadness go away but then the next day it was just compounded 1000x over. I want you to know that quitting drinking was the best thing I did for myself and my life even if it took a few times. I always tell myself  things always work themselves out eventually  and that helps me deal with difficult times. I'm sure this part of your life will not be forever and you will find happiness and at least for me cutting the alcohol out was the first thing that helped. It helped me to love and respect myself more. I wish I could give you an internet hug. Know that there are people in your life that love you very much and you are not alone. I wish you all the happiness in the world!
Welcome. The good news is that if you want to stop you don't have to face it alone. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. AA is the one that worked for me. ..Good luck kiddo. I wish I would have or could have stopped when I was your age. ..IWNDWYT 
Drinking didn't solve my problems but at least they didn't  get worse. Not drinking did improve my anxiety and allowed my meds to actually work. ..In the end booze only gave me shame and self loathing. The only way out it to break the the broken record. 
First everyone around you doesn't have their 'shit together'. Just good at hiding it. Second 'sad and worthless' can be very temporary feelings most alcoholics like me had times when we felt just like that. We all have issues. At 27-28 I was between marriages and in a very bad place. I drank so much I couldn't even orgasm and I'm a man. Was a high school teacher at the time but that came to an end.  Continued to drink and then did 1 year sober in AA. Then I drank again for a long time. I hit an 'enough is enough' moment and have been sober for 130 days. I can't go back or relapse because I will never try again and I will die. Simple as that.  On the plus side you have a job. Lot of people on SD lost theirs. I do not envy the decision you have to make--drink or no drink. We are here for you on SD and you can always look into an AA meeting.  Thank you for posting. You don't know how much your words will help me and many others who will read it and not comment.
Your last paragraph was so poignant to me and it felt like it was something I could have written myself. I read something on here early once that was helpful to me so I'd like to leave you with it. "If I could show you a picture of what it would look like when you got there believe me you would have no concerns about trying. But I can't do that so you'll just have to trust me on this one thing; it's going to be worth it." I wish you all the best please try to be kind to yourself as you move forward.   
I'm 28 and I completely identify with what you wrote. I lost my job a few years ago and my barely functional alcoholism spiraled into a abyss of constant despair and binge drinking. I was constantly in the hospital for head injuries and withdrawal symptoms and I wanted to die 24/7 for about 16 months. ..I tried going to rehab but my insurance wouldn't cover it and that was my rock bottom because I didn't feel I had any way out. My fourth stint in the psych ward and third round of detox is when things finally started to click. Long distance running and going on Antabuse helped save my life. I have 209 days today. ..My life is immeasurably better now. I'm very fortunate that my friends stuck by me and those relationships are stronger as they see how much work I've put in to get better. I used to be sad almost 24/7. There wasn't anything else except for sadness. Quitting drinking is the most significant thing I've ever done for myself. You are in my thoughts. 
