-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b35phj/hey_guys_been_a_while_having_trouble_feeling/

Mostly a lurker here I've had a few relapses.. Long story short is- I am at 33 days today and I don't really feel better.. I don't have the desire to drink but I don't really feel like "clear head New life woke up feeling great" I see a lot on this sub.. Not looking for an exact answer but maybe someone could direct me to some resources/point me in a direction?..Also side quest: been eating a lot of sweets in place of drinking anyone got any healthy alternatives to ice cream and chocolate? 
----------immediate responses--------

Don't know the answers but wanted to let you know I'm feeling the same way (day 45). Everyone promises it will get better just give it time! And lay off the sweets sugar kills. Try berries! 
I've been super happy mad tired back to super happy.  Rinse and repeat.  .I can only say that I had been numb for seven years and I hadn't felt the feels in a long time you know?..Now I feel it all.  ..As far as the sugar thing I just ate 5 cookies so there that is.       I love me some cookies      ..Sober on my friend! 
Group therapy specifically AA have been very beneficial in getting my head right. It still took like 40-50 days but it's really picked up after two months. ..I won't bore you with details but AA isn't only about sobriety it's a recovery of mind and spirit (not God necessarily I'm agnostic) as well. Drinking was a symptom and solution to a lot of my internal issues and struggles with ego/control. In my early attempts I'd be miserable (dry drunk) hoping sobriety would be the panacea that shaped the world to my view.  It has much more with changing and addressing that view. I'm rambling so I'll pass with that. ..Good luck and it does get so much better!
Exercise? That helps with endorphins...Meditation is a effective way to up seratonin gaba and to feel calm. ..This too shall pass. Your body and mind is healing. 
&gt;I am at 33 days today and I don't really feel better..Give it chance! You drank for longer than 33 days didn't you?..It takes *time* to put right the physical mental and emotional damage from all that.....I drank like a fish from age 17-33 approximately and the first 3/6/9 months of sobriety were a bumpy ride at times... I was still noticing positive changes past the first year!..There's an interesting [Recovery Timeline](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/) there you could have a look at.....The sugar thing is normal I found it went away on its own eventually but by all means try and go for healthier options like fruit honey etc rather than refined sugar if possible.....Keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
During my first attempt I would read all the happy posts and just shake my head. I was laying on the couch eating whatever I felt like and I didn't feel good. ..It took 3 months before I started to feel normal. I ended up getting in to Ian Fleming's Bond Series. That helped. ..For me it was important to put me first. So I didn't care about anything except not drinking. So I didn't mind eating the sweets. Doughnut or beer? Doughnut please!..This time around I've been more focused on improving me because I think that's what will help in the long run. ..Exercise mindfulness and just learning about life. ..peace
Totally not alone I'm right behind you at 29 days badge is off. I felt like total trash the first two weeks  almost like a hangover that would not go away. Now it's not so bad but I'm not great. I also do not have a desire to drink which I am grateful for. I really just want to feel normal we will be okay. Just takes time. IWNDWYT 
The  funk  is real. But I will say this no funk is worse then a funk after a week long bender or making an ass out of yourself. ..I love Halo Top ice cream or plain Greek yogurt with granola and berries. One thing I have enjoyed since divorcing booze is that I'm actually able to enjoy food. When I drank I would drink vodka waters and eat salads because I  wanted to be healthy  lol. It was totally twisted and quite comical now. ..Make simple meals and try to find healthier alternatives to sweets (recommendations above). But also don't skimp on the carbs. Eat that burger! IWDWYT
Sometimes getting sober can kind of fucking suck. Actually being sober can be pretty great and is much more preferable to the alternative. Google PAWS (post acute withdrawal symptoms) basically this stuff takes time but if you stay on the right path it IS worth it. Source: I rarely related to the positive posts about people being excited or happy in early sobriety.
unfortunately time is the only way. If you drank for close to 2 decades like I did it's gonna take a lot longer than a month to feel like a new person. it's hard but so worth it. I made it to almost 2 years and yea now I keep messing up but the only reason i'm able to keep coming back so quickly is because i'm still experiencing how long-term sobriety feels and it's so much better than the path of drinking. for me at least it for sure didn't happen instantly. 
Also wanted to add a weird advice - watch some Queer Eye. I know it's not for everyone but those guys will get you to care about yourself again
