-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3f7t8/oh_my_gosh_please_read_this_if_you_are_struggling/

So ever since i fell off the wagon i have been holding strong and haven't really had a desire to drink. (Shout out to the naked mind!!) BUT my bf had the day off of work today and decided to get hammered last night. Which is fine but i guess i haven't spent much time around my drunk boyfriend without being drunk myself. O. M. G. i was ready to move out. I had a decent workout and was ready to take a hot shower and get a good nights sleep. He came into the bedroom at least 4 times and turned on the lights and yelled my name. Was talking nonsense about horses (wtf?!) and other stuff that i eventually tuned out. Each time he barged in he got louder and made less sense. At 2:15 am i heard him grab his keys and walk out the door. I chased him down and took his keys. Took him to the store to buy cigs so he wouldn't drive. I am dead tired today. He drunk dialed his mom at least 4 times and basically forgot i existed i guess because he kept blasting music. I'd ask him to turn it off and he would only to turn it on again 10 minutes later. ..I guess what I'm trying to say is that drunk people are annoying af. Had i been drunk too i would have probably had a good time but woken up with a hangover and anxiety. Instead i woke up and exercised and went to work feeling great (other than a bit tired). He is currently still in bed at 1pm and has apologized multiple times. Is being drunk really as fun as we think it is? Food for thought... 
----------immediate responses--------

It sure isn't. I wonder how many times I did stuff like this to my SO. Wouldn't have remembered. The the post is sad overall (because I was that guy before) I also chuckled because drunk ppl are annoying af! Have a good day and thanks for the post. IWNDWYT 
I'm cringing because I did that two weeks ago and he ended up dumping me :( 
Oof. Great post. So glad I got off that drunken carousel. I will not drink with you today. 
Definitely not as much fun as we think it is.  So many times I'd open up a beer stare at the evening sky while it's still light out and think I had it figured out.  Only to keep drinking into the night sun down lights off in the house while I walked around with no attention span checking my phone for 5 minutes looking at stupid YouTube videos getting so numb I couldn't feel anything then passing out around 10pm only to wake up to the 3am horrors then again around 6:30am when it was time to get ready for work feeling physically and mentally destroyed...The house always wins sure you may get black jack a couple times in the beginning but if you stay long enough you'll walk away with nothing.  Every.  Time.  
Sure getting drunk is fun that is why we all did it! It's the after part that sucks and for most of us that part outweighed the actual drinking part...&amp;#x200B;..If we could all drink with zero chance of a hangover the shakes upset stomach headache dizziness dry mouth regrets of what we said/did loss of income destruction of relationships... you better believe we would all still drink...&amp;#x200B;..That's why I hope they NEVER invent a 100% hangover free pill.  If they cure a lot of the bad from drinking... I'm in serious trouble.
IWNDWYT
I know what you mean. For some reason I always remember drinking to be fun and that it feels good although It is never actually like that..The truth is sober mornings and hydration are amazing. Running has helped me a lot.
My wife got video of the last time we relapsed. I used to be the fun drunk guy who livened up the party with witty humor and good stories. Now I am an absolute moron. My wife and I fall into the same dumb routine with the same music playlist and same dumb stories. It's like our drunk selves are frozen in time.  I am hoping that watching it every time I get the urge will remove that doom feeling that makes me want to drink like no other.   Thanks for sharing. Its always important to realize that when we are drunk we are morons even if we think we aren't. 
I totally agree! The first time I tried to quit drinking living with my alcoholic ex I was like ''oh my god this is unbearable!" It is terrible and scary to know what it's like to be walking around like that even every once in a while. 
