-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3gdvj/i_have_4_years_of_sobriety_but_im_really/

this has been a month of pain. 2019 has been attacking me from all sides. i lost the love of my life. i lost my stepson in that process. im trying to buy a house and i hate my job. im really whiteknuckling right now. im looking for meetings (as ive never really gone) as a measure. im looking for support. i wont drink today but im afraid i will friday. im scared im feeling hopeless and i need to straighten up. im watching myself from the outside right now...im feeling lost scared and fearful. i may have slacked in continuing to do the work on myself (hey ive got 4 years easypeasy mindset....my great lie) i have to get the discipline back. i wont drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there stranger! Life is dumb af sometimes. But 4 yrs! That's inspirational to some of us. My life isn't great right now. Not comparing but I'll be damned if I go back to drinking. We both know it only makes shit worse. Especially the binge. Keep ur head up and if you someone to vent to I'm here. IWNDWYT 
Congrats on 4 years!! You are so much stronger than you think :) Hang in there! IWNDWYT
It's scary in times of stress we go back to the places we know. I still get huge inspiration from the day 1 stories here. Remember why we stopped. Play the tape forward. Talk to us talk to anyone. Just breath!!! You can do this!!
ive been going back and reading the journals i have kept through this process - started reading back on day 1 of journal 1. its helping. thanks everyone. im trying my best. 
When life try's to knock me down there are 2 things that help me get back to where I want to be. 1) talk to other alcoholics AA here just to get out what I have going on because no matter what it is someone has gone through it before and stayed sober and I need that knowledge and reassurance.  2) be grateful and/or help someone do nice things for people random acts of kindness volunteer call someone and tell them you love them write down the good things you have in life. This reminds me that my life is much better than it was even if it's in a temporary down moment. Heard a guy once say that sobriety is like the stock market it goes up and down sometimes it goes wayyyyy down but if you look at it over time it always goes up!
Congratulations on 4 Years and I hope that no matter what happens that you don't give up...I won't drink today either.
You doing the right things mate staying sober and looking for support in a time of crisis. Don't stop looking till you find some support. You can do this. IWNDWYT
Hang on friend!!!! We got you!..IWNDWYT 
Your post and this whole thread below has restored my faith in humanity today and I really needed it. I am beyond impressed with your years of sobriety and even more so with your willingness to reach out here and tell us about the wholeness of that sobriety depths and valleys and all. So thank you for coming here. I have nothing to add except what I know you know--drinking only makes everything exponentially worse in the immediacy and over time. The few minutes of euphoria and/or oblivion are so not worth the trip back down and I'm pretty sure you know this deep down. I am sorry you're experiencing such heartbreak on the many fronts that you are. I am sending you lots of gentle hugs. Thanks again for sharing this. &lt;3
Every single thing will get worse if you give in.  From that first sip you will be thinking  oh fuck what have I done 
Just for today. 
