-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3h962/i_just_replaced_drinking_with_other_addictions/

I had to reset my badge recently after 400+ days.  After doing a little reflection I'm beginning to wonder if I was ever truly sober.  I feel like I just replaced alcohol with gaming cigarettes at one point sugar weed tv.   I may have had some good sober time at the beginning but somewhere through I started to make concessions on a healthy life I was living.  I don't know where it was or when it happened.  I feel like I don't know what the best approach to my addiction should be.  My heart tells me abstinence from all things bad for me is the way to go but the brain tells me I can't handle that. . It feels like a rock and hard place.   I'm not struggling through get through day without drinking anymore.  As long as I play video games all day or smoke all day or eat gross food I can do it without issue.  Hell I can do it for a whole year. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you're not seeing an addiction specialist/therapist I would find one if you're unable to make the changes you want. I don't think abstinence when it comes to things like sugar junk food video games movies or whatever it may be is the way to go about it. By the end you'd probably end up with nothing left to derive any pleasure from and pleasure is definitely a big part of life. ..Even the author of *In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts* admits that while he doesn't have a substance abuse problem he has an addiction to work and to buying music/CDs. I think we all have our vices it's just making the best choices we can and choosing the least harmful source of harm if that makes sense..
I can relate to that. I'm prone to that as well. Although I am thinking that down the road I can get exchange the new addictions for healthier ones and step by step by choosing the lesser evil with some help I might be able to get somewhere good and healthy..and I hope the same for you.
When I quit drinking I also went Keto and doing intermittent fasting. ..Also started chewing Tabbaco again. :(
I threw my extra effort into work.  Actually I always do that.  Maybe reading I believe I'm reading at least twice as much now... but this stuff is benign or with the work thing helpful.  So that's my experience.  
For me therapy is the key.  I feel like a lot of us struggle with this same thing.  If someone replaces alcohol with another addiction the root cause hasn't been addressed... The 'why do I really drink? ' question.  I drank to relieve an anxiety disorder.  I couldn't possibly be sober right now had I not also started to address that problem.  If I did stop drinking I would have replaced it with something else for sure by now if I didn't start assessing the 'why? '.
I reignited my nicotine addiction when I quit drinking too. I ceremoniously smashed my juul last night. I totally understand. I agree with previous responses of seeing a therapist. Don't be too hard on yourself. The point is to be better not perfect. And if you're not happy with some of your behaviors then a therapist can certainly help. IWNDWYT! 
