-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3iun5/83_days_sober_check_in/

Well it's been a while since I posted so I figured I should check in and give a sit rep....I have been struggling to get sober for my entire life since my teens. My entire 20s were spent either in drunk or withdrawal. My biggest streak was 75 days last fall I caved in to one drunk which led to a ten day bender which led to a felony jail and divorce papers. Got out on bail hired an attorney and started outpatient treatment....January was utter hell. After detoxing in jail for a week and facing a mandated prison sentence of five years for my charge (2nd degree aggravated burglary) the nightmare just started. I was on GPS monitoring and alcohol scram monitoring which were 300 a month each. Somehow I managed to hold onto my job. I hitch hiked in the dead of winter between work probation meetings and rehab AA and home. My wife put a resteaining order on me and I couldn't see my daughter or my dogs.. I thought life was over...Fast forward to now I have stayed sober through all of that hitch hiked during some freezing mountain nights kept my job and my sanity and my freedom against all odds and my attorney got the felony dropped to a damn misdemeanor. My sobriety definitely played a part as I have passed every UA they gave me and attended every class paid all my fines I was not giving them nothing to lock me up for....So I got 2 years probation a new chance at life got myself a new beater and now my wife is taking me back and dropping the order. So many blessings have come out of this. I was out of fucking control and needed to be arrested.. ..So spring is coming and now I'm looking at the mountains and all the potential for amazing hikes and new memories to be made. I've already upped my game snowboarding and quit smoking 60 days in so I'm letting lungs heal....All in all this is a process and we gotta let our brains and neural pathways heal also on the spiritual side I think a lot of us did and said some really fucked up things while drinking and we gotta get right with God and the spiritual world too. That's just my belief. It's a process but I already seeing the rays of light and getting a glimpse of how amazing sober life is going to be...Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

You're amazing and your story is inspiring. You have a lot to feel proud about and I wish you all the best. Enjoy those hikes with your family!! IWNDWYT 
I needed that 
Wow that's so encouraging to here. Happy you made it out of what seems like some dark times IWNDWYT!
Wow man. What a story! Keep on keeping on. YOu are inspiring.
