-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3kprq/aging_is_it_possible_to_regain_any_of_the_youth/

I've struggled with drinking for the better part of my twenties.   ...Now in my late 20s I am starting to really really feel the effects of the alcohol physically.   .I can see it in the mirror when I wake up. Puffy cheeks sallow skin. My face even feels as though it is a different shape than it was the last time I was this size. I heal noticeably slower from bruises or wounds I acquire. This sudden shift is almost certainly due to my alcohol habit which knocks me on my ass makes me dehydrated/hydrophobic (reluctant to drink water/non-sugary beverages when hungover) and causes me to lose days at a time in bed to hangovers. I even think slower than I ever have. I've always been considered to look very young for my age and quick witted but I can tell that these attributes are waning.   ...I just wonder is the damage done already?   .Is this just what I look like and all I can hope to do is change my habits and regulate the speed of the aging process back to normal? How much of my youthfulness have I just pissed away forever with drinking?  ...I'd love to hear any and all anecdotes inspiration photos or even tales of warning and want thoughts from all types of people in the stop drinking community. I'd like to also hear the thoughts of some women as well being one woman myself.   ...I'm on what is (hopefully the end of) an almost 5 year bender the last 2/3 years of which have been the worst due to certain traumas and the solidifying of booze as an almost daily coping mechanism. The last year has shown me just what boozing is capable of &amp; what it can steal.   ...As the end of my third day of not drinking comes to a close please share with me your personal experiences with aging in relation to drinking and any knowledge you have on the topic. It would be greatly appreciated! IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

It's never to late to quit.  Drinking doesn't allow your body to process nutrients properly and can cause some crazy side affects.  If you stop drinking and eat right you can help your body return to a normal state. I'll PM you a short video about it.
Drinking poison makes us look like shit. Quitting turns EVERYTHING around..    .[Check out all of these "before and after" posts on this sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=before+and+after&amp;restrict_sr=on)    .    .iwndwyt
The body has a tremendous capacity to heal as does the mind. I was able to do attempt more accomplish more and enjoy more than I ever thought possible when I was your age. I only wish I had quit then. I struggled until I was 36 before I found myself in an AA meeting. Looks are only skin deep but I can assure you that my complexion and physique was much better on my 1 year anniversary than it was that night I sat in my first meeting. 26 years later age is starting to take its toll but I know I would not be alive this long if I had kept poisoning myself the way I was. ..I had barely skied when I was drinking. Today I am an expert skier. I went to a wakeboard camp for my 55th birthday to learn how to do inverts. I didn't start wakeboarding until I was 59. I barely SCUBA dived when I was drinking. Today I am a certified Rescue diver with over 3000 dives. I have a daughter that wasn't even born until I had been sober over 4 years. She graduates in May from a major university and does it debt free. None of this would have been possible if I had kept drinking. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Disclaimer: Am 22. ..For what it's worth I get some of these side effects after a night of heavy drinking. I too was worried that I was squandering my youth. I always feel better and more energetic after even a few days of not drinking. And waking up in the mornings allows me to do things such as a skincare routine...I think the slow healing can be traced back to liver damage but I'm not a doctor so talk with yours. Don't fret though. The liver has an amazing ability to re-generate...I'm a senior in college graduating soon and now I have to decide what I want to do with my 20s and beyond. The nice thing about this world is that there are so many things to do in it. Skydiving building financial security making bakery-perfect cakes listening to Mozart yoga and making and achieving goals are all things I'm *excited* for! Who needs booze anyway...I think that sobriety has helped me uncover my inner child which I think is a wonderful thing to hang on to. Maybe some of the effects are irreversible but the more I *live* in the world the younger I feel..
Results can take awhile Just as the impact happens over time. At such a young age you may see changes faster than a 50 yr old but still be patient. :) you are making the right choice
Your skin will be glowing soon! 
Welp look at it this way.  Age 20 more years while drinking heavily quit drinking then ask the same question.  Here's the trick.. transport back to this very point in time and viola!  You just regained 20 years of your youth.    ...I'm twenty years older than you.  If I had successfully quit drinking at your age I wouldn't feel like alcohol had impacted my aging at all.
My puffiness definitely went away within weeks.  For whatever reason I always had pretty clear skin even when drinking but my redness around my nose is a lot better too.  ..The biggest change for me is that I'm now able to have a bedtime routine. I'm not into any Korean 37-step treatment thing but I now remove my eye makeup wash with gentle face wash apply retinol and use a night moisturizer. I also floss (!!!) and brush my teeth. Because of my new routine I'm considering Invisalign to fix tooth problems that have always bothered me. The dental hygiene required wouldn't have been possible for me before...In my experience quitting drinking isn't magic on its own. I still have to do the hard work but it made it possible.
The answer is absolutely yes. When I quit drinking last time one of the last things my ex said to me is I looked 'like death warmed over' and 'had let myself go.' ..I was highly puffy bloated exhausted had weird trouble walking dude I could go on and on. What I did is:.1. Quit drinkin.2. Quit smoking.3. Re-joined the gym and was RELIGIOUS with consistency. By the way the exercise was THE single most CRITICAL component in getting my mental and emotional health regulated after drinking. Dopamine/endorphins from exercise are dead real..4. Ate REASONABLY healthy....I didn't mess around. After 95 days I had lost just over 50 pounds. I put my 90 day weight loss and overall improvement on youtube (my channel name is 'drew s' and the video title is something like '50 pound weight loss 90 days."..
I know I feel like I am aging in reverse.
Thank you. I hope you'll feel way better quick!
