-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3krow/14_days_today_and_some_advice/

If you relapse get back to work immediately! I had 72 days before my last slip. Experience is everything! I would be at 120 days today had I not relapsed in three seperate instances actually more than that since I made the decision to stop. The last 14 days have been effortless no cravings no thoughts about drinking and I drive by liquor stores without noticing them which was my biggest trigger in the beginning. You don't start over if you relapse your count may go back to day 1 but you have not lost what you have learned! Get back on your feet and go again it will eventually stick never give up! I had 8 years at one time so don't ever say never again or think you have it whipped because it may come back to bite you. I went through alot of traumatic shit before I relapsed after 8 years. I became disabled lost my career I loved. I had a surgery from hell I still have not completely recovered from and have chronic pain probably for the rest of my life.  I lost my brother lost my grandfather and my wife divorced me all in a year's time after my surgery. I still didn't relapse for over a year after 7 years sober. Reality finally set in and I felt like my life was destroyed forever! I couldn't deal with reality so I decided to start drinking again to numb my losses so I thought. I just delayed dealing with my feelings caused by my illness. I have learned something about myself with every relapse once I decided to stop drinking again. If you are giving it your all you are learning even if you screw up! Never ever give up! It really does get easier with EXPERIENCE!!! ODB
----------immediate responses--------

This is amazing. Thank you for saying this. I'm so sorry about your losses but you seem stronger because of this. Your message tonight meant a lot to me. Thank you for this gift.  ..Fin 
Needed this today! Thank you for sharing and IWNDWYT 
14 days for me too. Stopped drinking 16 years and drank again. That was 7 years ago I have today that's all that matters. Thank you for sharing needed to hear that today. 
