-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3nrhu/when_did_you_notice_an_increase_in_energy_and/

Four days in after a bad relapse and off and on sobriety since the beginning of the year. Three months between July-Oct 2018 after reading This Naked Mind I thought I could reintroduce alcohol with moderation. No question now I know I have a problem that I need to deal with ASAP. ..Mostly I am emotionally exhausted by the weight of the commitment I want to achieve because I know I will be an infinitely better person on the other side. ..I had been planning to attend a work networking event for weeks. I got dressed did my hair then had to cancel. I heard the event was great. But my body and mind is so tired I couldn't have attended without whittling away some of my hard won resolve. ..Willpower is finite so I feel like I need to baby myself I just don't want this to be my reality forever. It's hard to see the birds eye view. Does it get easier? When did it happen for you?..Much love IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol withdrawal itself peaks between Day 3 and Day 4 so you're probably feeling as bad as you're ever going to feel. Yes it gets easier. It takes time for your mind and body to adjust after quitting. Your sleep cycles are probably all over the place.    .    .Recovery is a slow process that takes patience. One day at a time for now. Unfortunately there is no quick fix to years of alcohol abuse. I have found that regular exercise (yoga in particular) has helped boost my brain in the right direction. Meditation therapy and meetings have also been tremendously helpful.    .    .The good news is that for every day you do not drink your brain chemistry is taking one step forward in the right direction.    .    .iwndwyt
For me early sobriety was playing constant defense. Tiring challenging and difficult emotionally. After a few months I shifted to offense meaning I had energy to put into healthy meaningful happiness strategies. Early sobriety is about not drinking. Long term sobriety is about living a good life that has no interest in drinking. It is simple but it sure as heck isn't easy. 
First 10 days I was just sleeping and resting while I was detoxing. I would say that I have been pushing myself to excersize a lot in order to get energized. Motivation was on and of first 3-4 months. That's how much PAWS were stick to me. After that became better. There is no magic pill for our shit. One day at the time approach saved me. IWNDWYT!
It can take time.  Be patient.  If you're tired rest.  Your body and mind are literally *recovering*.  There's nothing wrong with pampering yourself right now.  It's a good reward for doing something so positive for yourself.  
