-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3t39s/am_i_a_boring_person/

Hi everyone! I've been using this sub for something like 2 years now to good success! However this has also been helped along by rehab and weekly therapy...I should preface this by saying i've only been in active recovery for these two years now. I made 6 months last year and several other months at a time without relapsing. However I recently had a string of relapses (only a few days) that were full-blown. I'm back on track now - and feel that I have been making progress despite these relapses...However I was talking with my therapist this last week and he asked me what I had planned for my days off (work part-time and school full-time). I told him I was looking forward to getting to the gym early and then spending the day playing games reading watching tv... ie. doing nothing. ..He followed this by telling me it sounded very boring like I was an older citizen who was retired and had resigned themselves to loneliness. I don't have a lot of friends but i'm not unhappy with my free time spent. ..But it really fucked me up hearing that I was a boring person in my sobriety. Am I not doing enough? Should I be working towards being a more active community member? Are my relapses tied to not being more active? Any help on this would be greatly appreciated - i'm really not sure what to think of it and haven't met again with him...Thanks for any insight! Sorry this got long!
----------immediate responses--------

What a rotten thing for a therapist to say...If you're not unhappy in your free time then you're not boring.  You do you however makes sense for YOU!  ..IWNDWYT
That was pretty insensitive for a therapist to say.  I'd think he'd know better.  I'd mention it to him the next time session.  No...you are not boring.  And I think the worst thing you could do is compare yourself and your interests with others to determine who spends their free time in the more "exciting" or "glamorous" way.  Geeeeee.....it's your free time.  Do what makes you feel happy or productive.  ..I'm sure just about everyone out there would call me boring.  I like watching documentaries working on my little hobbies cuddling with my pets etc.  These things bring me joy and peace of mind.  ..Spend your time doing what gives you the most satisfaction.  IWNDWYT.
Meh...ehh...All depends on what you want out of life in this moment...Personally I love running home...making the perfect burger for dinner and playing the shit out of my Xbox...at the moment.  It's keeping me sober...that's all that matters to me right now.  I am not drinking my mind is stimulated and yeah.....I also got into making the perfect cup of coffee...I want to get into making folk art next...There's just so many awesome things to do that don't involve sitting on a bar stool...Boring?  Being drunk to the point of being incoherent is boring...being broke most of time and having nothing to show for it is boring.   ..&amp;#x200B;
As soon as I read that my initial thought was "Eff that therapist. What a terrible thing to tell someone in recovery." Maybe your therapist is an adrenaline junky. I think as long as you are sober and feel confident about your sobriety like it's not a drag to be sober then you're totally fine. And none of the things you mentioned sound boring. They sound like things you enjoy. ..There are 2 sides to every story though. So if you have been expressing boredom and wanting to experience something new that could be why he made that comment. If that is the case maybe you could ask for suggestions of something new to try?.Good luck! 
I used to have serious FOMO.  Always had to be doing something going out felt jealous of others if they were doing things etc.   I used to plan so much that I was exhausted!    Thought I was boring if I wasn't doing something.  Well that has (mostly) changed thankfully.   Now I'm more than content chilling out at home with my family.  I'm off this week and have only arranged to meet one person for a lunch and walk.   ..Yeah I'd mention to your therapist about it. Good luck. 
Eff that. Who cares what your therapist or other people think is boring? If you are happy with your activities that is what matters. What you described sounds like an ideal weekend to me. ..I do get what you're saying though. I kind of hate it when my boss asks me what I did on the weekend or what my plans are because they usually go something like did chores worked in the yard watched some Netflix and read. But that's exactly what I wanted to do. 
If you are an introvert there is nothing wrong with those activities but if that is all you ever do they may be worried that you are depressed.  Also there is nothing wrong with asking your therapist what they meant. They may just be a jerk or they may be saying something you didn't understand. Either way that sounds like most of my weekends so I am not judging at all. 
I would tell the therapist:   Comparison is the thief of joy ....
Your day sounds perfect! I used to run myself ragged trying to do it all and participate in all the fun things I felt I was "supposed to do". F that. Going that speed would put me way more likely to relapse than taking time to exist at my own pace.  That was defo insensitive.   ...The only risk I see is if you were a solo drinker and would be triggered by your (blissfully mellow) time alone. I don't buy it myself... i work HARD during the week and not doing anything unless I get a wild hare to do so is a gift. Plus most senior citizens I know are WAY over-scheduled..all the majong and bingo you can imagine ;) 
I would say that the purpose of your therapy  is to make you happy in your own skin. Not make you  into someone you are not and may never be. I would brace your therapy guy on this. Anyway  it sounds like you have a pretty full schedule .  Boring is better than going on a binge.  IWNDWYT 
