-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b476se/learning_guitar_is_critical_to_my_sobriety/

I posted this over in r/guitar a few weeks ago but thought a slightly edited version might *resonate* with some over here too........Alcohol has been a struggle for a few years now. I've managed to keep it all together on the outside but definitely drinking more and more with routine nightly black outs incorporating hangovers into daily life etc...About 9 months ago I decided to start guitar. I played clarinet in high school and college but haven't done anything musical in about 10 years. The main motivation is that my wife and I are trying to have a baby and I'd really like to be able to play for my kid. Basically I want to be the goofy middle-aged dad with an acoustic playing children's songs The Beatles etc. Just expose them to music since music has been such a great influence on me...The other motivation however was that I hoped this would be something that would distract me from drinking. Like many here the challenge is partially that you just don't know what the hell else to do with your time other than get drunk. I'm not someone who likes a lot of things in general. I've tried video games but they just don't hold my attention. I thought guitar would be worth a try at least...I went to guitar center and bought a Yamaha FG800 and ordered Hal Leonard Method Books 1-3 on Amazon. Started playing 15-30 minutes a night. I could read music because of the clarinet and it felt really good and familiar to be doing that again. I wasn't really expecting to get "good" or be able to do much at all but figured any results at all would be good and at least it would be something to do...Only problem I kept drinking. My normal practice room happened to be the same room as the closet where I hide my alcohol. So for the first few months I would tell my wife I was going to go practice and I would... learning the notes on the 3rd string go to the closet and take a swig. Practice a chord progression... chug half a bottle of wine. I'd do this for about an hour until I was nice and toasted... still able to hide how much I'd had from my wife (a horrible "skill") but far too much to have meaningful practice any longer. Or remember the second half of my practice at all...126 days ago I finally quit drinking (which is a story for another time) but since then the guitar has taken on a whole new purpose and importance. It's my primary activity that I go to for about 2 hours a day. I'm by no means "good" but I'm a lot better than I anticipated which just makes me want to do it all the more. I just got done taking about 8 lessons just to make sure I wasn't making some huge mistake in technique. And I don't just want to be able to play 2-chord children's songs I want to learn the damn thing across genres and styles... country barre chords blues bluegrass crosspicking classic rock fingerpicking... I really want to APPRECIATE this thing. I feel dumb admitting this but I had no idea how mind blowingly simple and complex it could be at the same time. Like myself I didn't respect the guitar all that much. But now sober and learning the guitar I'm learning to respect both quite a bit more...In the morning on a weekend I wake up no longer hung over instead the first thing I do is make some coffee and go play for an hour. At night when the cravings hit I put on Frasier or Seinfeld in the background and work on my fingerpicking since it's nice and quiet and won't wake up everyone in the building. The constructiveness of slowly building up a skill and working towards something even if I don't see progress every day just knowing that it's happening over time and having faith in that... has been vital to my sobriety...This sub (r/guitar and r/stopdrinking)  has also given me something to read when I'm craving a bit. I'm considering buying an electric in a few months and for whatever reason around 11pm or midnight reading about gear and people's rigs is really calming and takes my mind off wanting booze. Thank you all for that...Anyways just wanted to share.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend. I would think that the distractions that we find are many and wide ranging. For me it is my garden...both veggies and flowers. Support and something to keep me busy are two very important items. Will be interesting to see the variety of hobbies or distractions that folks use to help on their sober adventure. Stay strong and Sober on! Peace
right on. a good fingerpicking tune for me is "4+20" by CSNY.  not super common and really poignant.
I would drink then start recording songs that I had wrote. Thought it was amazing until I listened back the next day. Erassesd it every time. Since sober I have been creating music I am proud of. I am playing longer than the age of most people here lol. I studied at a famous music school. I lost so much time to booze. But I am enjoying what I have been creating. Good luck with the guitar and you're sobriety! 
I used to be an OK guitarist. After 10 years of steady drinking I am now a shitty bassist. Trying to get sober and put the practice back in to earn my self respect. This is my biggest regret about my drinking. 
