-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4d6c4/hey_everybody_this_is_my_first_post_and/

I'm almost 1 month in. 1 month was when I was going to introduce myself and all that. I figured that was a good first step milestone to prove I could do this but damn is it hard..My life feels so boring right now. Everything that I liked to do I always had a drink while doing it. Now I just sit around doing nothing but browsing Reddit or have Youtube/Netflix on for some background noise. Essentially just killing time until I can hit the bed and go to work the next morning...I've also noticed that I've become really addicted to energy drinks and coffee. I've been chugging the hell out of them trying to get some sort of rush or buzz or whatever. Started back smoking cigarettes again after a year of quittting...I'm sorry I'm laying this all out here but I'm really struggling to maintain this. Hell just a trip to the gas station to fill up my tank is an exercise in will power. I see people grabbing their bottles and six packs and I legitimately get angry at them for being able to enjoy a drink and I can't. Everytime my thought is "I could get some hide it in my truck and have a drink once my wife is in bed. She'll never know." But I will. I told her I would quit and I'm trying... really trying to live up to it.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of you and wndwyt x
Hi im an alcoholic!  Tonight must be a tough night for you being friday and all.  Try to find things to do that interest you.  Working out reading hobbies writing AA meetings walkkng?? ..In the beginning it is tough.  Hang in there im with you.  I recommend the AA big book its a great guide and reminder.  ..You arein uncharted territory.  Enjoy it!  Ice cream lieutenant dan!
Wow!  One month in!  Hell I'm happy I've made it 10 days!  Can't even see one month from where I stand...Read This Naked Mind.  It will get you a new and better perspective on this whole adventure - I promise...Keep strong - you're doing great!.
Welcome! It got easier for me one day at a time. I got to a point where I'm happy not too be drinking.  Keep going! Wishing you the best!
At some point that anger at other people will become an acceptance of who you are and why you can't drink. It will be ok   Half those folks buying beer probably have a drinking problem
