-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4ituh/day_8_feeling_grateful_to_all_of_you/

Day 8.A bit long ..I woke up this morning at 6:20am. That is the time I get up during the week to get my daughter to school. Without drinking to oblivion my body woke up naturally and said  get up get the dogs out! Have some coffee and look at the beautiful sunshine!  I had been looking forward to sleeping in but I feel refreshed and incredibly grateful this morning. Yesterday I struggled a bit. The blues crept up on me but I knew drinking would just leave me with regret and I'd wake up with the anxiety and depression that accompanies my hangovers..This is my second bout with sobriety. The last time I quit about 5 years ago I stayed sober for over 6 months. My dad died at that point and booze said:   here's your free pass have a drink. You were never that bad anyway.  We all know how that went for me I'm sure. I did go to AA at that time and although I believe in AA and it did help honestly it just wasn't for me. Time will tell. It did equip me with some helpful mantras but didn't jive with my personality type I guess. .The experience did really hit it home for me that relapse is part of recovery for some. Even if you fail you learn throughout this process..This sub is important to me because all of you wonderful people have also equipped me with vocabulary I can relate to and I see that we are all one in the same and my shame is so greatly alleviated by your stories. I read every post every day and you're all my heroes. Whether you relapsed or made it to quadruple digits you have influenced me and taught me even more. What has really helped me was a phrase someone shared that I repeat to myself constantly. . There is never a morning where I wake up and say: I'm glad I drank last night.  Thank you so much for that. My anxiety was heading to borderline agoraphobia and I was so scared of this beautiful life had become a shadow of myself but now I am hopeful and productive as possible again. Alcohol poisons your mind make no mistake about it. .Another plus is that the excess alcohol weight is already falling off. I'm eating a lot more than I did as a drinker but apparently two bottles of wine a night maybe with a few shots of brandy will really pack on the pounds and keep you fluffy even though it's killing your appetite. .Thank you thank you thank you for your raw honesty everyone. I think one of my issues is my inability to show vulnerability and that makes me hide things really suppressing things with alcohol. I'm betting a lot of you can relate. .I'll end this with telling you all that I hope you know how important you and your stories are. Your day 1 is so important to someone who is on minute one so don't get hung up on numbers. Your stories matter..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

 Your day one is so important to someone's minute one .Such a true statement. I remember my minute one and the  day one  posts I devoured for the encouragement they provided. I'm grateful to YOU for sharing and encouraging me today!
Great share! I am only on day 13 but I feel like I have been on this journey for YEARS like on a merry-go-round. Knowing I shouldn't drink drink feeling shame and disgust quitting drink again...and so it goes. I feel like this time is going to stick. I am new to reddit and loving the stop drinking community. My condolences on the passing of your dad. It's never easy and I have let deaths in my family allow me a free pass to drinking excessively. Here is to a new day! Wishing you many more sober days ahead.  
You as well! Congrats on almost 2 weeks!
I'm grateful for your support!! Thank you!
Wow! Thanks for sharing! This really hit home for me. I have also never woke up and said I am glad I drank last night so true!!  I sis wake up this morning thinking I so glad I did NOT drink last night though! Brandy does pack on the pounds as I can attest to that!  I am only on day 2 and with all the positive stories and help on here I am staying busy and strong. Congrats to you for making it 8 days! IWNDWYT
Keep it up!
