-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4qu4e/how_do_you_deal_with_fomo/

I am 49 days sober after relapsing for almost 6 months. Prior to that I was sober for almost a year and I fucked up so badly that I gave into all my addictions and screwed up with school. ..My family has the idea that I should be out having fun since I'm only 28 and they aren't that supportive of me. I don't want that kind of lifestyle anymore and I know I shouldn't care. It does give me horrible FOMO though... how does one deal with it. I do try to go out and do other stuff that doesn't include drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

I get it bad too. Especially around times like St. Patrick's Day which triggered a lapse this past week. ..When I get nostalgic about drinking I'm always thinking about starting out. Sitting down at the bar for the first 1-4 drinks. Or even heading out before I start. ..What helps is to  play the tape through  like they say in recovery. My drinking looks a lot less glamorous when I think about later on those evenings when it's 2am and I'm acting like an idiot and / or seeking drugs. Even less so when I think about the complete waste of the following day. ..Hope this helps. 
I had the same thoughts in the beginning. I couldn't see my self traveling and not having beers to go with it. Now days I'm actually able to enjoy traveling etc and not missing out because of hangover or morning headache. It gets much easier the longer you don't drink. It's one day at a time! 
I have a career wife kids and a life now. My alcoholism is literally missing out incarnate. I have very few fond memories of alcohol even back when I had  fun  in college. There are better healthier ways for me to feel fulfillment. ..I've seen the endgame for me I'm not missing out on anything. ..IWNDWYT 
I cut down on social media which helped a lot. I also just go out at night now and then like I used to only with soda water now.. I get my social fix and I realize that I'm not missing much. 
I would rather miss out than to embarrass myself and destroy relationships. I can still go places with people but I just don't drink. Some nights I won't go to the bar because yeah it's boring sober but I can still enjoy other things.
