-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4zbm2/relapsed/

Me and my gf moved to London a couple weeks back. We were living in Newcastle where i stopped drinking for a while then I felt confident i could moderate drinking and started to drink again. Just casual beers once or twice a week...Yesterday night i met with a friend I havent seen in months naturally we head to a nearby brewery. One or two beers in we head to the pub where I work. We're on the way to getting absolutely blotto. We move from pub to pub ans eventually my memory goes blank next thing I know im in my bed fully clothed at 7am. ..I start work at 11 and i am still drunk. Barely able to stand or move my head. On the toilet vomiting in to the bathroom bin. Probably the most intense nausea from a hangover i've ever had. I slowly manage get ready and head to work. I don't want to be there at all. Everyone in the street enjoying their sunday. I'm opening up a pub while suffering big time. I can barely see all my muscles ache. I get sent home from work 4 hrs early. Fucked it. .Gf comes home and hates my guts when i'm drunk or hungover. I cant explain my anger and disappointment in myself. ..I cannot do this anymore. I need to find a job that isn't working behind a bar but i start studying in September. I need to be away from alcohol. I just can't control my inner demon anymore. My girlfriend is the only real positive thjng in my life and if i do not stop drinking i am fairly sure she is going to leave me. I need a way to control my anxiety. I need to stop caring so much about beer. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know how you feel. The feelings of mental pain after drinking and physical are so not worth it. And ugh going to work anxious and hungover is a living hell. If I do drink I drink when I don't have work. Ive been trying to cut fully but the weather is nice today and I wanna beer too but I won't because it will make me upset the next day.  :(. Hope you are strong man. IWNDWYT 
I'm in the same situation. Work in a bar was drinking constantly whether I was on shift or not. Driving 20 miles home drunk every night. Finally got arrested for DUI Friday night. Girlfriend (of 7 years) doesn't even know if she wants to stay together now...I've tried stopping drinking before but always fell back into it thinking  Oh I'll just have one.  And then day by day it gets worse and worse. So this time I'm not doing that. No drinks. Not even a sip of the cool new beer on tap. I can't be trusted...I'm going to an AA meeting for the first time in 3 hours. I'm nervous as hell and really do not want to go but I know that I need it. And then after that I have to work. Closing solo. With 50 taps and 1000 bottles to tempt me...But I've made a commitment: I will not drink today. I invite you to make that commitment with me. Just a day at a time.
I think my relapses(double digits) were somehow necessary to cement my  I don't want this anymore  mindset. I hated the hangover/the wasted days/the anxiety/myself even more each time and I genuinely believe it made my will stronger. IWNDWYT 
I think it's imperative that you find other employment. I really don't know how anyone with an alcohol problem works in a bar or a restaurant with a big bar. For a little while I tried working at a classy little place that only sold beer and wine no liquor. I was fine for a while as I'm more or a slopping hard liquor kind of drinker but of course the first time I'm offered a glass that was it. Literally stole 2 bottles and got shitfaced. I wanted to die. ..Don't beat yourself up. Learn from this. 
