-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b53378/how_do_i_tell_people_im_not_drinking_without/

Hi all I'm 22 and I'm working at living a sober life. There's always some bumps along the way but I'm proud of where I'm at even if it's a little different than most others my age. I'm trying again after a relapse and today is my 50th day sober! :)  It's hard at times but I've tried to find ways to cope but my ways mean that I generally cut out hanging out with friends and going to late dinners. I don't want to do it but I don't know any other way. ..&amp;#x200B;..I want to hang out with my friends and there is a banquet for work coming up and I have so much anxiety about going because I don't know how tell people no thank you when they push without making them uncomfortable... People always act weird if I say no thank you I'm okay or straight up say no I don't want alcohol. Am I just not doing it right? -- I'm also kinda afraid I'll fall into old habits and no one I'm going with knows about my struggles. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not up to you to make them comfortable - quite frankly it's rude if they persist if you've already said no; politely declining once should be sufficient. Given that it's a work banquet if they keep pushing you can always say you're taking medication that you're not supposed to drink with or you're just getting over a bad headache and don't want to risk it coming back. If they act weird after that it's on them not you. Hang in there! 
Hell yeah 50!!..Here's what I do because I still go to gigs and festivals .- say no and laugh.- say no and say "i can't metabolise alcohol" (This can lead to the diabetic-metaphor or discussing blackouts/off switches) .- say no and talk about how i love dancing .- say no and talk about driving home or getting my mates home as a pay-it-forward for all the times my friends did this .- say no and say I come from a long line of alcoholics (usually sparks chat).- say no and talk about the wholesome tribe (conscious living body-is-a-temple adventure philosophy stuff).- say no and have a really good exit plan to leave when im uncomfortable. ..Mostly i just got dancing lessons and we all have a great time! All the best hey. 
People will act weird sometimes it's inevitable. I kind of add a subject change to my "no thanks" so they know it's not up for discussion or debate. "thanks I'm good. Did you hear that so-and-so got engaged?" or whatever. If I don't make it a big deal most people will follow my lead. If they don't or they grill me about it then I have to be more firm or tell them to fuck off. Its usually more their problem if they're pushing the issue. 
Hi! I'm 24 and \~5 months sober. I have continued hanging out with friends and going to happy hours and everything. I find that constantly having a drink in my hand is a pretty good deterrent for people trying to get me a drink. I'm not going to lie I drink a lotttt more soda than I used to but I figure its better than the alcohol and avoids uncomfortable questions. And if I do get questioned about the fact that I'm not drinking by someone I'm not close with I usually just say something like "Oh I just had a really bad night out so I'm taking a break". I feel like most people have been there once or twice and will just laugh and back off...&amp;#x200B;..I know others who will carry a glass of wine or beer and just don't drink it though that might not work for a lot of people...&amp;#x200B;..Congratulations on 50 days!
Congratulations on 50 days! .All the above have great points and I reckon all of these should work great. You can always joke and say  nah can't drink - I'm training for a marathon/Ironman. Gotta get up fresh as a daisy in the morning - can't miss my training sessions' - you can say it as a joke which could start a whole new conversation about doing something as crazy as training for an Ironman. Heck it might even get you into training for one! Good luck and remember people often want you to drink with them bc that makes them feel better about themselves. .Now you've gotten to 50 how good won't it feel to reach 100?   
Some good advice here already. Have an exit plan is key. Don't be reliant on someone else if you need to make a hasty exit. Have a drink in your hand and always get your own drinks. I enjoy Tonic with a lime in these scenarios. A simple no thanks is all that is needed. Only alcoholics care what is in your glass. No one else cares. ..Also in my first year I just didn't go where there were people drinking. Not going is an option. Or a hey I can't stay long but wanted to stop in and say hello. But it had to be an important event where my presence added value.  Or my absence would be missed.  
If there is a cocktail hour prior to the banquet show up toward the end and go straight to the bar to grab a club soda with lime...Then you just have to decline any wine served with the meal.  I always say "No thanks wine makes me too sleepy."
Thank you all so much there are solid options of things to say that I'm 100% going to have in my back pocket. There is a before thing thats unfortunately less of a sophisticated cocktail hour and more house party for - so I'll be rocking up late to that to hopefully avoid some of it. I also think having a drink in hand is a good strategy - it avoids questions that I haven't even come up with answers yet to be honest. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's hard to think of it not as my job to put others at ease but you're right - if they have an issue with me not drinking thats them and not me. And thank your for the congrats it feels good! :)
I'd say  ..I don't drink alcohol because it does to much damage to your body mind and soul.. ..how can someone comment back ? Plus it makes them uncomfortable while they are standing if front of you with a "drink" 
If I were in your spot and anyone asked me if I wanted something to drink I'd say  yea I'll take a Diet Coke  or club soda or whatever else.  If they say  where's your drink?  I say  I'm about to go get one.  (Without saying what kind).  If it's  why arent you drinking  the id fill it in with all the helpful advice already offered by this sub. ..For any of those  friends  who are insisting you drink alcohol hold firm (and if needed make an exit).  
