-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5bi5k/to_my_friends_on_day_1/

If you are new just know relapse doesn't have to be a part of your story. You can get this if you're willing open-minded and honest. The absence of any of these three will lead to drinking...If you have relapsed and you're finding yourself here again let me reassure you: I'm glad you're alive. We're lucky to have you. You didn't "lose your time" you just changed your date. Given it's not consecutive but your previous experience and growth is still valid. If you need a helping hand I'm here for you...I hope you remember this last drink and I hope it brought you great pain. In my experience that was all it could take to make me change who I am that I may find the power to stop drinking...People die from this disease. Young or old alcoholism and drug addiction do not stop for anything. It's a cold blooded beast that will take you down if you're not spiritually fit or strong of will...I am coming from a place of love in all of this so please don't feel singled out or targeted. I have witnessed several newcomers and old timers die recently. Some suicide some relapse. Those of us left behind mourn their loss. Some we mourn because it was a loss of life that was tragic and some times it's a celebration for the legacy and message they left behind...We all leave this world. Death isn't avoidable. In my sobriety I've been to far more funerals than weddings. If you're not active and share yourself with us then we won't know you when you leave us. I would rather celebrate you all than mourn you...I was told in the beginning and over and over again after that: get in the middle. Surround myself with good sober people and stay active with them. If I do this I will have a better chance at staying sober. If I stay on the outside will get picked off because I am alone and unprotected...I love you all. Thank you for being here with me. You remind me that my higher power is a part of everything.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow thanks so much for this. I'm having a tough one and it helped. Thanks!
I teared up at this. You are right Alcohol doesn't care who its victim is. ..Be kind to one another and keep fighting the fight.
Thank you friend! It is a great message of encouragement on my second day! 
Wow thank you for that! It really touched me and I needed to hear it on my 4th day. Staying strong! IWNDWYT
On day 806 and can't tell you how much the last day of drinking resonates in maintaining my sobriety. I drank a case of beer in about 8 hours on a Saturday night. I usually held off drinking during the day but at around 6 p.m. all beats were off; all night every night. And this night I went to the store just got paid so I had money to just go all out. And drank one beer after another till I passed out. The next day I woke up feeling like absolute death. I just went straight from the bed to the couch and literally didn't move for 20 hours because picking up my head just made the room spin. ..I went to a hockey game this weekend and I admit I got there and looked at all the beer everywhere and really had a hankering for some cold brew. "It's a hockey game. it's so fun to get drunk and hoot and holler." the lizard brain started to reason. But every time I get these thoughts I stop and take myself to that day I was stranded on the couch. Even after all this time I remember that moment of feeling so low and know it feels so better to be in a place where I feel so high high (and hokey) on life. Keep calm and sober on.
Well said. There's no such thing as failure you either win or you learn something. IWNDWYT.
