-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5cfaw/day_365/

There are a lot of folks posting that today is day 1 or day 7 or day 60 and I just want to say if you haven't put a drink in your face today you're doing an awesome job. Keep doing what you're doing and the relief will come and it will feel earned and there's nothing better. ..I had a horrible dream that I went out with friends and decided that since it's been a year I'd have a glass of whiskey and then it turned into a few glasses. I was pretty wasted and embarrassing myself. I was wondering whether I was going to tell my sponsor I slipped up and got drunk or keep telling everyone that I had a year. I had just decided to lie when I woke up and was so incredibly relieved. ..I love my sober honest whole life. It's not perfect I'm still in debt I have all the struggles because I'm a real person. I'm not happy all the time but I'm satisfied and I'm grateful. Experiencing real unforced gratitude is not something I never thought would happen for me. That and relief has come hand in hand. ..Also many thank yous Sobernauts. You helped this alcoholic string together some days. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's quite the accomplishment! Thank you for your post. IWNDWYT 
Congrats! You should be so proud of yourself! IWNDWYT
That's so so awesome! Congratulations and thank you for the hope   
Congratulations!  I hope you never lose that attitude of gratitude.  For me it has made all the difference.  I'm so blessed to be sober and alive.  I'm glad that you are too!  IWNDWYT
Congratulations! Here's to stringing many more. IWNDWYT
Congratulations .Thanks for sharing..
I had a dream like that the other night. I was just so massively disappointed with myself. Maybe it's the mind giving us a taste of what it would feel like go go back. In any event  the relief on realising if was a dream was pure bliss. 
I've had several of those dreams over the last 9 months they are the worst! One good side effect of the guilt you feel in the morning is that it serves as a reminder I guess
What a great post! your story is inspiring!!..Regret is alcohol's friend they love to wallow in self pity together...Stay strong  pick yourself up dust yourself off and get back in the game alcohol can never beat you as long as you keep playing...IWNDTWY 
Congrats!!
Congrats!! Quite an accomplishment. IWNDWYT!
Well done!
