-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5dsw4/does_anyone_here_still_coexist_with_drinkers/

I'm tired of binge drinking every weekend like I'm still 19 and not 26. I have goals now things I want to accomplish and every weekend I sacrifice progress because I'm too hungover. But by the end of the work week of not drinking I'm generally recovered and ready to go through the grinder once more...My best friends don't share this problem. They're complacent with their drinking habits and don't have the same internal struggles that I do. It makes it difficult to share the same space together sometimes. They're messier and okay with it they're crushing beers on a tuesday cause they work in the service industry and they are generally not mindful of their drinking. ..I'm fine half the time when it comes to hanging out with them sober when they are not but other times it drives me nuts. I know it's me projecting my own struggles onto them but still...These are my best friends who I live with. Our relationship wouldn't change if I stopped drinking (a lot of our friend group doesn't drink much) I just struggle with watching them boozing it up all the time. I get judgemental and frustrated and its not exactly deserved. ..Financially I'm not exactly in a position to have my own single apt and I don't want to live with strangers. Our ..Do I just need to push through this? I always hear people needing to uproot their whole life when they go sober but I don't really want to. I love my friends I just want to promote healthy life habits and they don't really care too. Anyone else been in a similar situation and been able to co-exist? Or am I just dreaming? ..
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; They're complacent with their drinking habits and don't have the same internal struggles that I do...I wouldn't make assumptions like that because I figure like anything in life if I'm in a group of similar people I'm probably not the only one who has given thought or concern to their drinking...Being sober changes how you value your time and what you want in your life with the first few months being a difficult adjustment. I don't want to be around messy drunks because there's no point to it so I leave after friends go past the point of no return. You don't have to change your friends if you don't want to but if you don't change yourself i.e. your habits and how you deal with the group you'll more than likely be back to drinking with them. Live your life how you want and include them when necessary.
I haven't uprooted my life (yet) so I think it's possible for sure...&amp;#x200B;..This Naked Mind helped me a lot with this - I think the concept of going into being sober with a really firm and positive stance on how great it is takes you a looooong way in not being tempted by the "normalcy" of alcohol around you.
I know a lot of people in the service industry and like 90% of them drink problematically.  I could live with normal drinkers but I couldn't live with any of them.  Living with them when I drank like them was great but now it would just be like having my worst enemy in my home.  Some people are able to do it but having my home be a low stress safe place has been a real blessing.
Yes of course it's possible I'm around people that drink all the time some are moderate drinkers some abuse it some i think are alcoholics. But in any case it's their problem not mine. ..And that's the key orient yourself on your own goals your own values. Do your thing. I wish I would have been that grown up at 19. And no you don't have to uproot your life drop all your friends and everything far from it. You have to act when your environment your people don't support you sometimes you can read here stories about people getting shit for not drinking sabotage your attempts. That's when you have to act. But that's a general advice surround yourself with positive people who bring you forward get rid of the others.
I do. Up until 43 days ago I (36) was still drinking like I was in college. My roommates still do for the most part. I have hung out with them and my friends at multiple house parties restaurants and bars during the last 43 days. Alcohol is in our house and they drink while we're hanging out watching tv or whatever. I haven't been tempted to drink though it does get a little boring once the drunk wave washes over everyone and the conversation just gets loud and repetitive.  I usually opt for bed then. ..I can't speak for what's best for you but for me I would never choose to give up long-term friendships. So far my friends have all been understanding of my abstinence and have not tried to push me to drink. I feel fortunate that I'm not easily triggered so it's not a big deal to have alcohol in the house or hang out with my heavy drinking friends. Good luck to you and IWNDWYT!
I live in an expat compound in oil industry driven environment binge drinking is a way of life. All social events seem to revolve around alcohol boozy lunches are an expat wife staple. My closest friends drink often far too much. My husband drinks. I however am almost 9 months sober. I can't up root my life because my life is tied to my husbands which means we live where we live. My children go to school here. I have had to learn to live in this place as a sober person. .I found an A.A. group it's main language is not English but the members are awesome and help me with translation as much as possible. I sometimes turn down invites to lunch now but I still go to Bunco &amp; book club where wine is pretty big part of the night. I have a few friends who will not drink at something sometimes  because I'm not drinking. Being honest with people about your struggles has helped me establish my ground rules. People rarely offer me a drink now. ..I get it though I do sometimes feel extremely annoyed when I'm at an event and I have to listen to the same drunken stories from people. I often cringe inside at the behaviour of some of my friends when they are drunk. I try to hold back the judgment though because honestly I was worse and it's not that long go. .You are learning a new life it takes time. .
