-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5ezb3/hey_folks_was_referred_here_by_alcoholism/

48 yo male with a genetic predisposition to addiction (bother parents alcoholics and Irish). I am self employed and have 2 kids who I would walk into the fires of hell for and a wife that I love. We are struggling financially but it could be worse. We're all healthy and if I wasn't an idiot life would be peachy. I got pretty wasted last night watching Oprah on Michael Jackson ...so compelling specially with 10 natty lights down the hatch with 6 fireball nips on the sly. I'd it all figured out....present the light beer drinking moderate me to the world and sneak up to my truck to pound whiskey ever hour.....that's when I know I had a problem. Today was pretty brutal. I took the day off and cried like a big girls blouse (Irish expression) full of remorse regret shame etc etc. I could hardly pour my coffee. I felt horrible. .So I thought fuck this. I'm not doing this any more. (Funny it's my dad's birthday). I subscribed to a couple of podcasts and called my doctor. I will make it to meetings when I get a chance. But this is day 1. Wish me luck
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Glad you are here.  It all starts with day 1.  IWNDWYT.
Well done you! You sound a lot like me!  Nobody ever starts off drinking in secret or first thing in the morning but it happens gradually.  I nearly lost my family through drinking and on the face of it I had it all!! We are all functioning alcoholic until we are not. It's progressive. Interestingly the worse it got the more I drank because as we say in Ireland we may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb as we say in Ireland!! .The podcasts are great and this sub is amazing!.You can do this!..
I appeared on one recently called the bubble hour. It's an episode called Patrick from Ireland. .What ones are you listening to?
Good luck :) you're in the right place 
At 48 you will not have the pressure from your peers friends and colleagues like the 20+ year old's do. Not drinking more acceptable. On here the 20s people seem to be forcing them to drink. I find that great to have no pressure. My wife sort of briefs people that I am not drinking. I don't admit it yet.  Your fellow Mick.
Welcome! U can do this. IWNDWYT 
Try taking a break from alcohol by Rachel Hart. It's an amazing life changing podcast. I'm not a big psychology person or a science person but I highly recommend it. Start at the early episodes!! 
Day 4 folks and all's good so far. Thanks for all your comments!
