-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5io7v/need_to_rant_and_maybe_encouragement/

Hey there. I just recently got out of a long-term treatment facility which indeed saved my life but definitely relied on some unsavory tactics. I struggle a lot with trusting myself in my  real world  environment. It's been a little over a month and I do not attend meetings everyday and do not have a new sponsor yet. I was taught in that facility that those who do not work a strict AA recovery program will fail. But I can't help but feel like that teaching is flawed. The steps and prayer and networking and reading the literature all helped but I'm not convinced that it's all necessary in my recovery. I also am not convinced that smoking pot is something I should never do again and read something today about a woman in AA who regularly trips acid. I'm sorry this is all over the place it mimics where my brain is currently. I just want to hear some different opinions and thoughts on recovery programs and treatment and weed even. Thanks!..I still won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

There are all kinds of ways to get and stay clean so whatever works for you. Bill W. used acid for recovery and thought it could be helpful to others micro-dosing has shown promise... whatever works for you! Not sure about the weed though since in my experience it can be almost as destructive as booze.
My mind lies to me especially regarding impairment agents...My mind and it's choices rationalized my right into a state of misery...I have a daily program and patterns and disciplines that support my Unimpaired and Joyous Life!..I believe everyone should follow their bliss...Do what makes you happy.
Every sober story is different and I work the program that keeps me from drinking and the consequences of that drinking. That's my dogma. My principles are my own and they work for me. Not drinking let's me purposely evaluated my choices now and I can apply self improvement in any area I wish. I could not do that on the sauce. Thats my story 
For me weed just replaced the booze. I found (find) myself obsessing about when I can get high next. I recently managed an entire month completely sober w/o pot but deluded myself into thinking I could just smoke with friends. Now I'm back to smoking every night again. I'm really hoping that I can get back to complete sobriety it helped my depression soooo much. 
I used weed as a replacement at first. When I got over alcohol I decided to stop smoking. I would smoke in the evenings before bed and wasn't EVEN CLOSE to being as detrimental as alcohol for me. But after a while it lost it's allure too. So now I'm a week out from quitting weed too and feeling great! A little sad at first because I enjoyed it so much but I bounced back fast!..Like others have said everyone is different!
