-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5lolp/my_sponsor_relapsed/

Today I got a call from my sponsor but this wasn't a usual check up type of call. He told me I have to find a new sponsor because six weeks ago he drank and has been drunk 5 or 6 times since then after almost 3 years of sobriety. ..This is a brutal reminder that all we have is today time is cool but any day you could easily grab that bottle and go right back where you left off...Thanks to having a home group of men I respect and now know well I was able to find a new sponsor with more time who I relate to more just three hours later. ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Aw shit that sucks. Hope you find a new sponsor soon!..IWNDWYT!
Oof. Yes every AA meeting I attend kinda throws me off in terms of time sponsors where I'm going etc. etc. but this is a really good reminder that all we have is today and recommitting to sobriety each day. I'm glad you found a new sponsor. Thank you for the reminder. 
It is sad yet a good reminder to see people with long sobrerities relapse. My therapist at my rehab relapsed after 13 years. Felt horrible. It is so easy. We're never completely safe. ..Im glad you found a new sponsor so quickly. I will not drink with you today.  
I had to tell my sponsees that I relapsed as well. The drink isn't that far removed for me. I know all we have is today and I need to make that count. You will be fine look how quickly you got a new sponsor! This program really works.
Such a bummer but at least he was honest with you and reached out. I've had this happen before and my solution was to just find someone with a bit more time. My current sponsor has 19 years (20 in a week) and has built a life for himself without drugs/alcohol in the picture runs a business owns land pays taxes votes attends meetings he's just doing the damn thing. I hope you find someone friend!
Not one of us is immune from relapse.  I hope your former sponsor finds his/her way back.  I hope you stay on track and remember that we're all one lousy drink away from our old life.  
Ooh. I hope your sponsor comes back and gets help soon. I'm glad he was able to come clean...Best of luck to you and thank you for the reminder that all we have is today...I will not drink with you today.
No matter how far down the road you go you're always only a few feet away from a ditch...Hope your sponsor can get back on it soon...IWNDWYT
Good on your sponsor for being transparent. We're all in this together.
I'm so sorry.
I'm lucky. The guys who've taken me through the steps all had substantial time and none have relapsed. That's based on the fact they live the program they teach. My first sponsor that I really worked the steps with had 27 years when I met him. Second had 6 years. Third has 29 years presently. I love these men. They not only held my hand through a spiritual journey of working the steps together but they know me. The real me. They support me. They love me when I cannot love myself.  ...Time isn't the relevant part. Listen and watch. Listen to how they speak of others and the message they share. Listen to how they speak of themselves. Beware of ego. Beware boastfulness. Watch how they act. Does it align with the sober life you want for yourself?  ...These are questions when getting a sponsor.  ...I say all this and when I don't have any sponsees I'm taking through the steps I look around at the end of my homegroup for the guys who raise their hands when we ask if anyone needs a sponsor. I talk to that guy immediately hoping my higher power will bless me with the opportunity to work with him. The twelfth step ensures sobriety when all else fails...I wish you the best of luck. I've seen guys with 30+ years go out and get DUIs and lose everything because of something that happened in their lives...What I learned form them is I don't have to drink over ANYTHING. I lost my father lost a child nearly lost my second child nearly lost my child's mother have lost jobs nearly been homeless and just overall been through the worst in sobriety without taking a drink even when others encouraged me to...I took my ass to a meeting and cried. I found men to surround me with brotherhood. The fellowship has held me up when I felt like drowning. I had to be honest about my life when I was suffering though. I had to tell them...Which brings me to the big two things that drive people out:..Secrets and resentments...You're only as sick as your secrets. A resentful man will drink again.
