-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5m3qd/i_pissed_in_my_own_closet/

I went to a concert two weeks ago on a Monday night. It was one of my favorite bands a real rowdy live show. I had a few strong beers to  get loose  as I told my friend. Had a lot of fun dancing and when my friend had to leave early I started chatting with a beautiful babe. She was nice enough but it became clear she wasn't interested and I really took it to heart for some reason  feeling low self-worth feeling unattractive and old. I drank more fast. The last song had these lyrics that made me dwell on my failed interaction even more:  Although I've been warned I'll probably get burned I'd rather get burned than to not try. I hope you don't mind if I hang all of my hopes on this time . Who are we to love at all? Let it go. ..But I was so tired of being shot down I truly felt *I'd rather* ***not*** *try than to get burned*  again. I left the show upset with myself and fed up of trying. Driving my rental car back I wouldn't  let it go.  I looked up the nearest liquor store and arrived minutes before it closed. Bought a 200 ml vodka bottle and drank it in about 5 minutes. That brought my nightly total up to the equivalent of 11 shots in four hours and I blacked out shortly thereafter. I don't remember returning the car to the lot or cycling 3.5 mi / 5.5 km home...Obviously I woke up with a nasty hangover. I took a leak and saw piss on the bathroom floor. I realized this must have been mine and hoped my housemates hadn't noticed. When I grabbed some work clothes from the closet they felt soaking wet. I picked up some other clothes also drenched. I realized I had also pissed in my closet. I probably came to my senses midstream and moved it to the bathroom where my aim was way off. After piecing this together and feeling like shit I should have done the smart thing and called out sick from work. But I wasn't thinking straight and showed up late anyway. My coworkers and our students probably could tell what was up. I struggled all day...Pissing in my own closet really rattled me. I've said and done some stupid shit and even safely drove home blackout drunk before. But this felt like a new low for me. I've been so disgusted and ashamed of myself that I haven't really had an urge for alcohol in the two weeks since. I thought I could mostly keep it together and be a  normal weekend-only binge-drinker  if you will. But this time really demonstrated that I can't and that my life is better without alcohol. I went to an AA meeting last week and will go to more. I'm hoping to turn a corner for real.
----------immediate responses--------

Ohh that's so hard. Thank you for sharing your story though. I'm glad you made it home safe and turned your awful night into a push into sobriety!
I'm glad you're here you're in the right place...I know how hard this is right now but you've made a very courageous move by reaching out - great job :)...&gt;I went to an AA meeting last week and will go to more..Awesome! Clearly you're on the right path...looking forward to hearing more from you..
I've never done it in my closet. But I've gotten blackout drunk on business trips staggered out of my room and pissed in stairwells twice. And locked myself out of my room to boot. Never again. IWNDWYT 
Hey just wanted to say I think it's really brave you shared that. I'm glad you're here and I believe in you. I'm new to being sober too made it 45 days last year but that's it over a 10 year drinking career...We can do it I really think we can.
Sorry to hear about your closet...I want to support you...However wouldn't the behavior to worry about be "Driving the rental car back"?..Good luck in your progress.
Ugh. I remember stepping into my closet and finding my own throw up there. Good god. I'm glad that's not my life today...Good luck to you and thank you for your honesty. I hope you are able to find your way forward sober one day at a time. This place has helped me a lot. ..Take care and I will not drink with you today.
I can totally relate to your story. You're not alone and you can do this! IWNDWYT!! Love Man Man btw :-)
At least when pissing in your own closet; you are probably not risking killing anyone. Not meaning to sound harsh but it is a bit worrysome that it's the closet thing that you seem to be most concerned about here..
Welcome! IWNDWYT
Hey man I would have been too afraid to talk to the girl in the first place. So at least you have some courage. IWNDWYT
I peed in my laundry hamper once. But didn't quit for another 10 years. You're well ahead of me. I won't drink with you today..
