-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5wnjj/almost_end_of_day_3no_alcohol/

You guys are the only ones I can talk to right now.  My last binder saw the destruction of my cell phone.  My drummer in my band has been struggling with alcohol for years and has made it 3 weeks and is going strong.  I will look to him for support as soon as I get my new phone.   Wife visited me today at work and I told her that the 3 day mark has never been breached by me before and that I was panicking.  This is after she tells me she is meeting a friend for drinks.  I'm not upset and I don't expect her to change for me.  That's not why I'm doing this.  I need to change for myself.  I did tell her to please not bring anything home for the unforeseeable future.  My house is dry and it needs to stay that way.  The old me used to leave work and stop at the local liquor store a block away from work.  Half way home a half pint of scotch would be gone.....but not today.  Ironically after work I stopped off at a friends to help with his tire on his truck.  For payment he brought out a bottle of scotch....that's my go to....and has been for some time....but not today.  I told him I stopped and he should keep it.  He gave me a book instead....The day is almost over and I'm going to do this...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck. It's been almost 2 days for me this time around
You've got this! Keep your head up and your reasons why you want to stay sober fresh in your mind!
I'm on day 3 as well! We can do it!!! 
Thats amazing. Nice job. ..&amp;#x200B;
You can do it! IWNDWYT 
3 days is a big accomplishment! I'm on week 6 and can honestly say it gets easier with time. Good luck! You've got this!
Congratulations on Day 3. Good job saying no thank you to booze. I will not drink with you today. I hope that the book is one that you will enjoy! 
Great job!!! Tomorrow is day 9 for me..... I'm taking this day by day. You've totally got this day 4 is almost here. 
This past Saturday was the last day I had anything alcoholic to drink.  Today I feel kind of weird I guess.  Lots of mood and energy fluctuations.  However going to bed early and waking up feeling healthier is so nice.  I was in rehab at this time last year for alcohol and cannabis.  Anyway enough about me.  Every day/hour/minute/second we don't drink is a great day/hour/minute/second!
I was entering into a new kind of hell around 3-5 days sober. It was a nightmare in every measurable way. The sleep deprivation hits and feels like it will always be an enormous effort to string together a modest hour or two of sobriety. But it's not. It's just the shittiest part of detoxification. It passes. That first night of pure sober natural sleep was a godsend. I thought I would never be able to sleep like a normal person again but here I am. Every night...Just hang on. It can feel so hard you start to wonder if you're doing it wrong. You're not. It's just that way for a week or so. ..I don't want to say it's effortless for me now but it doesn't feel like *much* effort when you start to enjoy some of the things given back to you (like sleep). ..
Well done mate! Keep it up :)
You've so got this!!!! High fives at staying strong and taking that book! I hope it's a good one :) IWNDWYT
3rd for me as well. Just found this sub. Crazy how many people with similar feelings and concerns. 
You can do it.  I'm really proud of you.  I'm in my 7th week.  It's crazy and uncomfortable and scary but you got it.  One day at a time.
What a fantastic replacement!! A book is so much better! You are doing great.
IWNDWYT.
Great job! I will not drink with you today!
I surprisingly made it to 33 days as of today. Previously I'd never made it past 4 days. You got this! iWNDWYT. 
Good for you!!!!! It's so fucking hard but you've got this.  Keep making one choice after another you feel good about.  IWNDWYT 
You can do this man. Scotch was my go to as well on baby step at a time for me is what works. IWNDWYT! PS my band is happy as hell to have a sober guitar player LOL. 
thanks for sharing this and cheering you on!
For what it's worth I noticed that you started by saying that you had nobody to talk to. From what it sounds like you were able to be open with your wife about having never been here before and the panic you were feeling and you made a clear request for to keep booze out of the house to meet your needs. That's a pretty big win for Day 3...Then you stopped by to help a friend and were open about not drinking anymore. It sounds like he understood and gave you something other than the usual booze in return.Nice job handing back the bottle of scotch to your friend. That's a major win too...And you've got a member of your band who is doing this too who sounds like he knows the score that you are looking forward to talking to...It's true that you've got us for support. And it doesn't sound you are alone either. If you are feeling isolated I hope you continue to look for people in your world and community who can be supportive and understanding...Keep reaching out brother. The first week is a bitch but they are jam packed with wins too.
[removed]
Get yourself something else to drink...LaCroix became my go-to beverage.
Day 3 for me to brother. Best of luck to you. I don't know if it means much but I'll be praying.
Well done to you.  All the best with the music too! 
Great work! 
Great job!
LFG you got this
I can tell you that the longer you stay sober the more your life inadvertently ends up being sober friendly. I play in a band too... just turned out to be a bunch of sober dudes that I met through recovery. I'm also going on a bike trip this summer with one sober friend and my best buddy who knows I can't be out late getting hammered with him. I've never had an ounce of liquor in my house work people know they won't see me at the bar I have great taste in fizzy water and none of this even bothers me. I'm 28 years old and I've been sober for over 3 years now. ...I wouldn't take alcohol back even if I didn't have a life threatening level of addiction to it. What I've learned about living life face first make me feel like I'm the best version of 28 year old me can be and I can only grow from here if I keep it in check. Mark my words: If a guy like me can feel like he's made a positive difference so can you. 
Best of luck.. Stay strong. The worst part is almost over.
IWNDWYT.
Stay strong. As a fellow musician the music is so much better sober. IWNDWYT. 
Starting day three. It's all up to me. Thanks for the support! 
Well done. I feel your struggle in your words and really respect you for staying strong. ..You can do this! Congrats and IWNDWYT 
Good luck mate. I'm 12 days in and it's tough but I'm feeling better already. Rock on. 
Week one is a long week. The days and nights feel shorter as more time passes.
Im at day 2. I dont get stoned anymore like I did when I was younger. But I bought an ounce of Indica. Im just gonna blaze eat and sleep through this. Hopefully I wont become a huge stoner. Lol
God I can relate to the block away liquor store. It's like it's taunting you. Congrats on keeping on man 
I'm in three days too! It's Thursdays that get me. Let's hang in there together. 
I'm almost at week 2 and the headaches just stopped waking up in cold sweats seemed to stop a couple nights ago been drinking nothing but water and fruit smoothies. Also I stopped using my Juul so here's to my 3rd day of no juul. .
You're doing great! Way to turn down that bottle. I try and remember that as time passes even if other sober friends slip up and drink it's not a good reason to derail convictions to stay sober. Stay strong.
Saying no to your friend bringing out a bottle of scotch is an impressive thing to do after just a couple of days. I don't think I have that kind of willpower yet. If you can do that just keep on doing what you're doing.
You got this. Keeping the house dry is smart. Later you may be able to change that. When your stronger in sobriety. You sound very motivated to quit. Everyone is here to help each other. We're behind you!
Your friend giving you a book instead was so nice. Good Job my friend
