-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5ywhw/27_days_sober_today_but_i_fear_i_wont_last_much/

Hi all.  I'll try to keep this as brief as possible.  ..Yesterday I woke up in a funk.  I was in a bad mood was unmotivated but still got myself out to take care of my responsibilities.  Today it was even worse.  I laid in bed for two hours before getting up.  I ate some food and got myself to IOP (Outpatient 6-9pm) and was in an even worse mood.  They noticed and tried their best to help get me into better spirits.  I really have no idea why I'm so angry depressed and unmotivated.  A week ago I was really happy and enjoyed getting out of the apartment to meetings hang out with sober people and do some work.  But today man...  I just don't know if I have it in me to keep this up...Tomorrow I'm supposed to complete training at a new job without which I'll likely lose my apartment.  I know that if I drink I will probably have to call in to push it back to Thursday.  If I miss it again then I will probably lose the job and my struggles will be even worse.  Even knowing these things and playing out the consequences in my head I can't shake the desire to say "fuck it" and drink.  I also have grad school which requires quite a bit of work each week.  ..I've tried to tell people that I am having serious issues with balancing all of my responsibilities with my sobriety and also maintain my sanity but haven't found a real solution for it.  I am unable to stay motivated and enthusiastic.  Anger leads me into depression which makes it very difficult to get anything done.  I'm not sure if I'll be able to stay sober tonight let alone tomorrow and the rest of the week...TL;DR - I am angry unmotivated and depressed.  Having trouble with balancing my responsibilities and sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Having a similar issue. Finding it super hard to work and be able to function without giving in. You aren't alone. Think about ho far you've come. You aren't alone 
Keep playing that tape forward. The job opportunity would likely be taken away. Then the apartment. And then what? ..I myself have major depressive disorder and it fucking sucks. Everything feels impossible. I finally got help for it so that the lows aren't as bad or debilitating. ..What about last week kept you motivated and in a more positive state? Support from meetings? Whatever it is that's what I would consider implementing. It may feel impossible but getting to a meeting and sharing how you feel honestly could be helpful. When I'm in a bad place the only thing I want to do is numb myself with alcohol and lay in bed. Isolate. It only makes it worse. Sometimes the antidote is going against that grain and doing the opposite. ..I hope you get through this. I really want this to work out for you even though I'm an internet stranger.
Find something to keep yourself busy or distracted until your job training. Once youre at the training that should require your focus and distract you more until the urge leaves. Hang in there!
27 days is awesome and a big deal! I can't wait till I can say the same for myself. I know it's not good for motivation when everyone's pissing you off and you're trying to give a shit that you don't have to give. ..BUT if you stopped it was for good reason.. you must not have been having a great go at daily responsibilities and keeping your sanity while drinking either. Easier said than done but keep reaching for tomorrow and hopefully the bad days will pass quickly. 
Getting sober can really fucking suck! Actually being sober is much more preferable. Look how far you've already come please don't throw in the towel before you get to experience any of the real benefits. I relate hard to the "fuck its" but this shit takes time. Best wishes as you keep moving forward!   
