-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b661j5/struggling_with_aa/

I started going to AA again this time around in my attempt to stay sober and I'm really struggling with it. I'll start by saying I'm a very non-religious person who puts way more weight in science and psychology than the metaphysical. I also have negative associations with region from my personal history...While I do have some spiritual framework (my beliefs are somewhere between Buddhism and Atheism) I find AA to be very Christian centric. I find it tremendously frustrating that the organization claims to be non-denominational in the 12 Traditions yet begins and ends every meeting in my area with Christian prayers. The fact that every meeting in my area ends with the Lord's Prayer makes me so uncomfortable that I always leave early and never stay for fellowship which seems to undermine the whole point of going. ..For all the talk of  you can pick anything as your higher power  it's very clear in all the literature that they're referring to Christian God who I don't believe exists. I know many will tell me to get over myself but I fail to understand how prayer is supposed to keep me sober. To me this is not dissimilar to Christian Scientists who believe prayer cures all illness...Further I find the concept of sponsorship to be very off-putting for two reasons. The first is relatively minor in that I believe it encourages you to develop a co-dependent relationship with another person. My second is pretty major which is that it seems to be encouraging you to essentially do therapy exercises with someone with no training who isn't legally bound to maintain confidentiality. It makes me very uncomfortable...Maybe I'm just chafing here but I don't see this realistically helping me in any way that therapy won't. It's the same damn issues I've had every time I've tried this...If anyone has any ideas encouragement or alternatives to AA please let me know. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I all of the same problems with AA plus a long list of other problems with AA and the program. The massive amount if cognitive dissonance and mental hoops I had to jump through was astounding in order to keep myself going to AA. I quit AA at about five months of sobriety and instead decided ro focus on going to therapy exercise and meditation and I couldn't be more happy that I dropped AA from my life. Some people might thrive in the program but it truly wasn't my path. AA isn't the end all be all of recovery the sidebar of this sub has tons of alternatives to the AA program including smart recovery and refuge recovery but there is so many resources out there for people in recovery it is insane so dont fret if you find AA isn't for you. This sub and r/alcoholism both have tons of info about the different resources available.
Google atheist/agnostic AA. We have one near me hopefully you do too. 
[removed]
SMART recovery might do you well! It is cognitive behavioral therapy based.
I hear you.  I've been to over 50 AA meetings many different groups and I don't have a sponsor much for the reason you described.  Doesn't mean you still can't or shouldn't go to meetings though.  In my area I hear repeatedly about AA "take what works for you and leave the rest behind."  Taking this advice to heart has helped me to navigate the areas of AA that I don't prescribe to albeit that doesn't mean I shouldn't close my mind as it can change in the future!..&amp;#x200B;..Regarding Christianity yes AA has strong roots in it.  My dad was a Christian priest and I asked him one day "Who is right?  Buddhists Jews Christians Hindus... they all think they're right but how does one really know if they all believe they are right?"  His answer was to look at the similarities and historical roots across those religions and they are mostly shared beliefs.  Or to put bluntly to become a better person.  I think most can agree to this :-).
Seeing a professional therapist is an option that a lot of people use to get sober.  But of course they typically cost money being professionals.  If I had the need and the means I would go with the trained pro.
" Maybe I'm just chafing here but I don't see this realistically helping me in any way that therapy won't. It's the same damn issues I've had every time I've tried this. "..So what have you done in AA?  Attend a few meetings and judge others for saying the lords prayer?  You don't have to participate or hold hands or whatever the norm is for your area...Some peoples idea of sponsorship is silly I would agree.  Call me every day for 30 days piss off. But my sponsor shoots straight with me and calls me out on my BS.  An AA sponsor is not a therapist but neither is what you are doing in AA. So that argument doesn't hold water.  Pick someone you admire that doesn't talk negatively about other people with you...Why don't you actually do the 12 steps and then say it won't help?  Being exposed to radiation sounds like a bad plan unless you have a tumor.  Then all of a sudden it is a great plan.You can say I don't want to do that.  Fine.  Do something else. But do it with the same fervor you drank...And just to set the record straight I do not believe in any organized conception of God.  But today I can see the value in the pure forms of these various ideologies and incorporate them in my life in a way the makes me genuinely happy...day 3500!..&amp;#x200B;
I'm a pagan and also just not a joiner of groups in general so the AA just doesn't appeal to me at all really. I've made great progress without it so obviously sobriety can be done without any groups or else I wouldn't be here. But if I did feel the need to reach out I would probably just find a good therapist to help me work out the rough areas.
I have all those problems with AA too including the bad experience with religion bit. I really like my meeting now though only because its a bunch of other crazy people with similar experiences. I did actually get a sponsor lately and don't talk to him much except if we're both at the meeting we go to starbucks after and catch up on life a little. I texted him once because I was feeling down and wanted to drink and the act of doing that was helpful. That's it for me. It ain't for everybody.
[removed]
Your post just summed up my every thought regarding AA.  Unfortunately Im surrounded by people that seem to believe that AA is THE ONLY meaningful way to get and stay sober.  Even though I'm near 90 days sober a lot of people are seeing my reluctance and refusal to go all in with AA as failure...The books "Alcohol Explained" "Naked Mind" and alcohol lied to me.....as well as Russell Brand's book are all the "convincing" I've needed....
To address your bullet points. This is coming from MY AA journey and my experiences. Not speaking for anyone else's...&amp;#x200B;..Step 1: We are powerless over alcohol and our lives have become unmanageable.  .This to me is the admission I'm an alcoholic and that I suck at running my life alone. End of story. I'm not relinquishing responsibility. In fact I'm embracing it...Treating failure to stay sober as a moral failing. That's a problem. I've seen the judgmental side of AA especially since I have mental illness and some issues are not for lack of trying. ..The failure of people is just people being people. People suck. They constantly fail. Perfection doesn't exist. Only progress where there is work put in. I'm sorry you have a bad record with people. I do as well. It's not everyone though. I have a TINY circle of people I trust. Only one of them has my home address. That's how little I trust people. I get it but it's not just AAs...The bullshit about mental health and alcoholism is an issue of lack of education on the matter. I've had this issue with a ton of people who don't understand in AA and outside of AA. Mental health in general has an overall lack of awareness among people. I believe sobriety is sobriety and mental health is mental health. I do AA but I also see a psychiatrist. The two ARE separate issues and must be dealt with accordingly...&amp;#x200B;..I'm sorry people suck so bad. I just have to remain responsible for my attitude and my actions. That's it. I clean my side of the street and accept I have no power over others. If I were you I'd find new meetings or take the few people in AA you do like and start a new meeting yourself. All you need is a big book and a coffee pot...The prayers btw are optional. I've been to meetings that start with a moment of silence then page 58 to 60 and then discussion...To address the sponsor issue: The first word of the first step is the word WE. It's not meant to be done alone. It's about replacement. You replace drinking with fellowship with others. It's also about building/rebuilding relationships with others. If you wish to do it alone I recommend another path to follow. Solitude is not a part of the AA program...Just because AA works for me doesn't mean you can't stay sober by other methods. In fact if you're hurting from it I fully support you finding your own way. If you need help or someone to talk to though I'm always available. For that I am responsible.
I feel very much as you do and much better since no longer attend AA or adhere to twelve stepping.  It seems to be a religious cult...Two resources that help validate my perspective and clarify what I was feeling:  .https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kmjGXp_hozs.Gabrielle Glaser had a wonderful article in The Atlantic magazine a couple years back and wrote a book part of the book questions AA efficacy for all problem drinkers...http://web.archive.org/web/20150224115852/http://orange-papers.org/orange-letters178.html.The letters section of the orange papers so many bad experiences and then letters from AA true believers who often seem unhinged and irrational.
