-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b690fn/were_aware_of_the_continuing_badge_issues/

A fine and [hearty hello](https://tenor.com/xyVl.gif) to you wonderful SD peeps!  Hope things are going well for you all. ..We're aware of the current issue with the badges not showing for some people or not updating for others. It's been an ongoing issue for quite some time and at this time we're still looking for a more permanent solution to address it. For some context: ..When stopdrinking first started the human connection of replying and hand editing of badges was one of the core things that we thought was important. It's still handled by hand to this day some many years and  one hundred sixty thousand subscribers later. ..Because for a lot of people the badge reset is a deeply personal and sensitive thing and as mods we're often the first and only person they might be admitting the relapse to and we feel that having an actual human reach out is important to let that person know they're not alone. [Because we're never alone in this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s-dSoDptVc)..But with the sheer number of users on the subreddit we're also running into some growing pains. The current system as we have it was never designed to scale with the growing population and as such these issues with badges were always coming and we knew one day it would come to this point. ...We're still looking into solutions so we can still provide that human personal touch to our system but it's taking time for us to find a [sustainable solution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aWVN91qGM8) for this not just for now but the [future](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbR999N5MiA). ..So please bear with us as we continue to work on finding our way through this. .._____..If you are noticing that your badge has not updated or is not showing you DO NOT NEED TO MESSAGE US. We know it's happening and it just clogs up our already full modmail. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the update! **^964 ^days**
Ya'll are the best! Thank you for all you do. 
[removed]
Thanks for all the work! 
I reset my badge so many times I finally just stopped displaying it but I for one really appreciated the human touch. Appreciate all that you do here.
We gotta make *a little help from my friends* the official SD theme song Straty...I knew you were on to something big when you first threw that out to me during my early days here ;)..Congrats to everyone out there celebrating milestones...even if we don't see your badge *please post about it!* We'd love to join the celebration &lt;3.
Just posting to see how many days I have but I'm on mobile :(
You guys should use the system they use over at /r/NoFap..The technique they use is automated which allows users to change their badge without any mod assistance.
Bad bot :). But in all seriousness - thank you
Does mine show? Just did a reset (posting to find out). Thank you kind SD people! 
Thanks for everything you do Straty!
Can I ask the annoying question.... how do I add a badge to my profile? Sorry I'm sure this is a common question and the answer may be in front of my face but I'm fairly blonde.  
Cheers peeps! (UK slang for thanks and not boozing!)
Thank you for the humanity and effort on our behalf! (Behalves?)
Thank you for the update! Yes you mods play a very special role in my recovery. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I've had like a thousand badge resets. I always wonder if they think I'm crazy.
Lol I had made a request for a badge this morning got a thank you message but it never showed...I just figured it was because my account is brand spanking new (I deleted my account of 7 years and started new because the old one was a drug reference and I didnt feel comfortable with it anymore). ..Oh well not a big deal to me. I'm sure it will get done in due time. Thanks for letting us know though.
Thank you all for the effort!
Just checking the badge. Thanks all for being here. 
Thank you for modding this community! It means a lot
Brilliant work
[removed]
Thank you for all your hard work!!
The human-done badge reset means a lot. Thanks for keeping this amazing place running!
Awwww yea - the badge is back!   ..Got a shiny new star to go with it
Thank you!!!  
You're doing an awesome job. One of the reasons I'm not going to drink again is the badge reset. I even dream about it in my drinking dreams. Hopefully you find a proper solution! 
Thanks magicians. I don't know what you dodid or how but thanks. 
Thank you Mod Squad!!!
Thank you for this sub. 
It's okay! Thank you for all the hard work mods! 
When it came to resetting the badge it made a huge difference having that human touch. Thank you mods for doin such a wonderful job. 
Thanks for all your help and great work! 
If you guys are looking to automate things are there any coder / admin skills required that the community may be able to help out with? 
Thank you all for what you do here. ..It's powerful.
Just wanted to say thanks!
Guysreally appreciate the human touch.You guys do an awesome job!!!    
Thank you so much for your hard work and love!
I love the human reply.  It makes me feel so much more accepted and forgiven.  Thank you for all you do.
thanks for all your hard work mods.  you know how much it means to a lot of people myself included.  we really appreciate it!
Thanks for keeping us in the loop. IWNDWYT  
Is there anything we (I) can do to help?
Checking my accuracy 
Thank you for all you do for us!!
Thank you!
I understand that you're having some technical issues with the badge thing.  I elected to have my badge completely removed and had the human response which I appreciate.  I know my own date and that while 138 days would be nicer than just 4 I'm just glad to be sober.  IWNDWYT.
Commenting to see if I have a badge
I greatly appreciate everything you mods do here. You have my gratitude. 
That's really cool you guys do that (the personal touch) I'm new here and couldn't figure out how to do the time badge. 
Thanks for posting this I've been wondering about the badge system. Maybe there's some way that people can become "badge mods" or something like that and they would have access to a separate page with incoming badge requests where they could just sit down and knock out 1 30 or 50 of them in a go. Hell maybe they could even get another badge next to their main badge saying how many badges they've updated ; )
Thank you!
Thank you for the update and the work you put into this every day.
It's Friday--I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for the update Straty!
Thanks for the update. I never knew that there was such a personal connection from the mods with the badges. Wonderful way to let each of us know that we truly are NOT alone in this adventure. I was so pleased to have mine return....on day 365. If nothing else the timing was excellent! Peace
you guys are awesome! thanks for the sacrifice of time you make to help all of us!
Hey I finally got my badge even though it's a week behind. Don't mind it at all it's the little victories! 
Thank you guys you are awesome appreciate all you do xx
Thanks for all you do
Thanks for what you do. I was looking forward to getting a badge but a lack of a badge isnt gonna be the thing tht stops me from staying sober. IWNDWYT guys and thanks again for all you lovely folks on the mod team do
IWNDWYT 
Thank you for the update and everything you do! IWNDWYT!
Just want to say THANK YOU for all you mods do in here!! &lt;3
Thank you mods!
I was literally just about to make a post about this issue. I'm only able to see my badge if I visit a post or comment I made instead of on the right hand side - tedious but nbd. ..Thank you for addressing! 
HEROES!
[removed]
Thanks for your work.
;badge
Thanks for the update. I have cemented my sobriety date in my memory because It took so many years to achieve. Whenever my badge displays it's a lovely reminder and for that I am also grateful. Good luck in finding a solution you guys already do an awesome job with this sub I owe you lots!
My badge showed 3 days yesterday and 35 days today ... where did that month go? I swear I wasn't drinking LOL  ...Anyway I'm glad I did a search and found I don't need to do anything. I will wait and maybe someday ask for it to be set again...IWNDWYT
It would be nice to have an accurate badge I must admit.  .Is it worth asking for it to be reset or is that pointless?
Mine seems to have vanished completely. Come back badge!
