-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b6f3t8/phenibut_what_to_make_of_it/

Hey everyone..I have been sober for a relatively long time now. I still use nicotine and I have used kava-kava kratom and smelling salts a few times throughout my sobriety (I have not allowed them to make my life unmanageable). I've had many conversations with counselors in treatment centers about what constitutes a relapse. The general gist that I received was that substances like nicotine kava-kava smelling salts kratom and even caffeine have the potential to count as relapse though it can not be determined if it is in fact a relapse until it takes a noticeable toll on your life or behavior. ..There are other substances that immediately count as a relapse the first time you choose to pick them up. However some obvious examples are alcohol marijuana etc...How do we distinguish between substances that obviously constitute as a relapse and those that simply have the potential to cause a relapse...I had a conversation with a friend who also went through rehab and we concluded that it would count as a relapse if you a sober person told someone that you used a certain substance and their reaction was "Bruh" or any prominent reaction to being told that you used the substance...My question is which category would phenibut fall into? A substance with potential to cause relapse? Or a substance that immediately qualifies as a relapse...If i were to use phenibut would I still be able to consider myself a sober person?..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

It's up to you.  I wouldn't.  I also would consider kava kava or kratom relapsing too.  It all depends why I'm taking it though I suppose.  Like I'd probably refuse pain killers if I broke my arm but IF I took it because it was prescribed by a doctor I don't see a problem since there is actually a medical reason.  If I were to take something recreationally 100% that's a no go for me.  I dunno caffeine and nicotine don't really count like that for me though as the intention is kind of different in my opinion.
You know what is best for you. It's your journey. It's your path. 
I always figured a relapse is the use of whatever chemical/drug it is that you've been abstaining from. *But* it's on you. Excluding nicotine and caffeine if I'm using something to alter my state that's a major red flag to me. Before I got sober I had 30-some days sober and began looking for alternative and legal ways to alter my state. It wasn't long after that I had begun full blown drinking again.
So this is my question... I looked up phenibut and it appears as though you want to get rid of some anxiety issues. Why is something like this okay but you'll completely dismiss marijuana as a natural alternative to rid someone of anxiety? I understand some people cant smoke in a controlled manner but that's not the case for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..The only reason I make this comment is because you said its "obvious" its a relapse its a subjective thing. 
