-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b6hoij/if_its_your_first_week_hey_its_mine_too_again/

I was binge drinking severely for about a year after several years of excessive social drinking. I've been struggling to quit since last October. I moderated for a while. I went through withdrawals a few times. I made it a few days here and there even a week once I think. I relapsed hard into the new year. Combine that with going through a slew of psychiatric meds trying to find the right one. ..Not long ago I was put on a new medication and I decided to drink with it. Not good. I ended up in the ER with a BAC of .37. ..I still couldn't stop then. I was back to a fifth or more. I was angry and resentful that I had been exposed. ..Saturday was my last drink this time. And this time is very different. The emotions are less intense. I know what to expect. I know I need to do this. I've reconciled that I don't need to destroy myself mentally because I miss it- it's ok to. I don't need to beat myself up every time I have a craving of course I'm going to I'm an alcoholic. Starting out the anxiety caused by the drinking can be so severe that you'll wind yourself up into a relapse over feeling guilty about wanting a drink...So everything is more muted now because I understand it better but the extreme anxiety is there the bloating is terrible and I'm taking measures to deal with that insomnia is ever present alcohol cravings kicked in yesterday sugar and food cravings are real and the hardest. ..But for the first time I actually feel like I can do this- I'm not just telling myself that until I convince myself. It feels possible which makes it less difficult. ..I'm going to the gym at night if I didn't I'd be home thinking about drinking and it's really helping. I'm taking fiber and drinking a literal fuck ton of water every day which helps with the food cravings. Sugar cravings are the hardest for me but lemons help with that. The bloating is worse this time but it will go away eventually...My brain is still very foggy and my memory is almost as bad as if I were drinking I think that surprised me the most a few months ago starting out. Things don't go back to normal right away you're repairing not healed...So cheers to us we can do this. iwndwyt.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong my friend and find support if you need.  The gym helped me a lot too.  I needed to get out of the house around 5 every evening to reset my brain from expecting that first drink.  I wish you the best!  IWNDWYT
Hang in there it's gonna get better...keep posting :).
We are here for you! 
It is wonderful that you have learned so much with which to protect yourself on this journey. ..I am delighted for you and look forward to sharing the continuation of our journeys here on SD    
Congrats my friend keep up the good work! ...Staying busy is huge in the beginning and also during times of cravings.
