-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b6stox/relapsed_after_35_days/

I'm 24. 35 days (yesterday) was my longest period of sobriety since I started drinking at 18. It was not even close to being worth it. I'm currently on probation and in an outpatient treatment program...Last night was just an immediate reminder of why I shouldn't/can't drink. Intense anger anxiety depression and suicidal thoughts. I guess I thought after 5 weeks it would be different this time. I was so wrong...I could use some encouragement right now. I'm feeling very down on myself.
----------immediate responses--------

For me sometimes it's all about proving to yourself why something completely sucks ass   and it sounds like you did that for yourself last night. Now you know what drinking can lead to after so long and now you know what you need to get back to in order to get to day 36+ next time. ..35 days is a hell of a lot more than a lot of folks working through sobriety like you are (including myself) so be proud of that! It takes a lot of strength and accountability and patience with self to get that far so kudos to you. Don't ever let yourself think that isn't a serious accomplishment. 
35 days is an incredible achievement and ending it doesn't diminish that accomplishment in the slightest! Be proud of yourself and look to that accomplishment to inspire yourself to start again anew. I believe in you! Whenever I have a shit day my dad always tells me  be great tomorrow . I'm confident you will be !
Don't beat yourself up about it. I don't count days but I'm between 5-6 weeks I'm guessing. I find counting days only brings more guilt if I mess up. Tomorrow is another day. Same goal. Gotta just keep pushing forward.
Well done. It only gets better from my experience.. It has taken me over 40 years of binge drinking hell to get here. And I was full of fear and suicidal. Big time. So only from my own experience that these terrible feelings have slowly faded. Keep going we are all on this journey together.
I think most have us here have run that experiment where we think  this time it will be different  and of course it's just the same old shit it always was.  ..It wasn't until I really really believed I was an alcoholic that I was able to stop drinking. For me there is no such thing as  just one . I know that now so I abstain. I don't keep alcohol in my house and I don't go to bars. In the first 6 months I avoided all social engagements if alcohol was there. I enjoy my sobriety now and never want to go back to my alcohol soaked drinking days when I was sick all the time...Don't beat yourself up. Sobriety is possible. It gets easier.
