-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7040n/ive_made_it_200_days_again_i_relapsed_and_came/

Here's a bit of a backstory - I first got sober in 2017. I was a wreck I didn't know anyone else who had ever quit drinking I had no idea what the hell I was doing but I knew I had to stop. ..I lasted 14 months until the demon voice convinced me I was fine I could drink again. In truth - I felt lonely and left out. I still missed drinking or at least thought I did...It didn't take long before I was binge drinking every weekend going to the pub the next day to get over the hangover from the night before...My work performance dropped and I was fired - yup fired! I continued to make reckless and stupid decisions while drunk but I felt so stuck - I knew I had to stop again but just couldn't find the courage to do it...Then my friends turned on for some stupid stuff I said while drunk - and it was the final straw I had my last drink 200 days ago...This 200 days has been a struggle for many reasons but my sobriety is stronger than it ever was. When I think about drinking it makes me feel weird and uncomfortable- all the sheen has gone. I no longer miss it because I know those things I missed weren't real they were just a mirage...In fact I learnt all the stuff I  missed  about drinking was stuff I could get while sober - without all the crap that comes from drinking...I can hang out with people - laugh and have fun - and I leave before people get sloppy or randomly start arguing or crying...I can dance and go out if I want. I can sit in the sun and soak it up quite easily without a beer. ..The only things I don't get are all the negatives - the anxiety the black outs the making stupid decisions - and surprisingly I don't miss any of that! ..And this period of my life has been a struggle - I had to change friendships and really work out who I was and wanted to be...It involved a lot of self forgiveness - a mountain that can be hard and tough to climb. ..For a long time I longed back to before all the bad stuff happened but now - I see it for the gift it was. ..Right now my life is so much better than it was a year ago. It's calmer and fuller. I'm in a better job. I do volunteering at a local arts centre. I read more. I go hiking more. My friendships aren't based entirely around drugs I ingest. My relationship is waaaay better. I meditate almost daily. ..I'm starting to feel good about myself...Life is good! ..So yeah - if you fell back don't worry - you can do it again. I did! And here I am at 200 days sober...And today instead of going out with work people to get drunk for some people's birthdays - I just came home. Because you know what I've done it all before...I've done the drunk work nights out the pub at 4pm on a Friday the birthdays the drinks in the sun the shots you know are a bad idea the good beers the bad beers the beer that tips you over the edge the crawling home at 3am the shame the next day the panic about what you said who you said it to the feeling sick and knowing you'd made xyz plans you'll never make because you're too hungover. ..I've done it all and I don't need to do it anymore. Here's to being sober folks! 
----------immediate responses--------

This is awesome! I am happy for you. I won't drink with you today. 
All the more power to you friend.  It's good to see you here.  Congratulations on 200 days of freedom 
Well done!!
So proud and happy for you congrats :).
Congrats!!
So happy for you CF! Huge congratulations on your wonderful 200 days of sobriety and on your new and precious life    
I'm starting over again today. Made it a whole week and thought I'd be fine to have a couple beers with colleagues. That was almost a week ago and I've been on a bender ever since. No more. IWNDWYT. 
You ROCK! Thank you for sharing - really gives me hope. Screw alcohol!! 
That was amazing to read. Congrats to you i hope I will get there as well!! 
I've done most of the things on that list too. Bravo for reaching 200 days again.   
Come back stronger    one of my favorite mantras.
