-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b73att/you_know_those_outdoorsy_people/

I used to see people that "did outdoorsy things" and thought they had never made wrong choices. They had always been healthy and active and I was so envious that I robbed myself of that because of my alcoholism. I've started running outside in the morning and I've had 2 neighbors comment on how great it is and how they wish they did. They have no idea how deeply flawed I am and the years I spent struggling with alcohol. But as I read posts on here I see how many people are active now because they WERE alcoholics and now that that have the freedom to enjoy the outdoors they relish in it whatever their activity may be. It makes me enjoy getting outside in this beautiful spring weather even more knowing there are a lot of us out there. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

LOL my entire life has been spent doing outdoorsy stuff and there's a large lot of them that drink A LOT. Camping? Need whiskey. Climbing a peak? Need summit and apres beers. Rafting? All day drinking with cocktails mixed in. Running? Meet up for a post run recovery beer. Mountain biking? Fishing? Hiking? Duh beers. ..I look forward to trips where I go to bed at a normal time wake up with the sun and nature and feel good throughout the day...I will not drink with you today.
I love this. I used to be at least semi active. I'd done some hikes in my 20'setc.  I can remember the last hike or anything I've done. Maybe river rafting over 10 years ago? And we drank from the minute we woke up. Drunk on 4 and 5 rapids. When I picture my friends wasted and floundering around in those rapids when we got dumped I get the chills. My friend got 3rd degree burns from holding a cherry bomb in a pbr can. 
Thank you for sharing iwndwyt
Getting through alcoholism is like getting through some fucked up endurance training. Everything was missionus emotions were all over the place body was constantly trying to recover relationships were in constant termoil. ..Now we can be free to really enjoy life without being held down by an expensive anesthetic depressant. It's all good! IWNDWYT
I always camped with booze saw some girls backpack into a very remote and difficult trail with beer in their packs I'm a whitewater canoeist but on lazier runs I'd drink whiskey. When I got sober I had a charity golf tournament to attend and I almost had to help carry some men who were so stumbling drunk off the damn course. I also like to climb mountains and even though I never did it intoxicated...everything is better sober especially outdoor activities!! Glad we are a part of that!   
Oh yeah found it - White Salmon River in WA the Husum Falls Drop. Scary as hell. 
