-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b73r3h/after_years_of_drinking_its_time_to_quit/

I am 25 and started drinking at around 19. I have gained over 70 lbs since becoming an incredible heavy drinker 3 years ago I have nearly been kicked out of college and I have endangered others by driving intoxicated many times. I have been depressed for quite awhile and driven a few people away because of the kind of person I can be while drunk. I am about to finally graduate college with two bachelors and I dont want to be the person I use to be. My last drink was at 5 am Thursday morning I was absolutely belligerent from drinking a whole handle of vodka and more drinks that night and I want that to be my last drink for the rest of my life. I have been a lurker on his sub for quite awhile and even have tried to quit before but relapsed. No more IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 25 and started when I was 14. I never acknowledged it until now but I've been an alcoholic for as long as I can remember. Damn near since the day I started. ..I drank to avoid my parents' constant nagging and to defy them and their control. I became more and more emotionally unstable almost ended my life also endangered friends in my car (which I totalled but we all survived somehow!!!) I regret many things and feel like shit for how I was while drunk. Dropped out of school got pregnant.. twice... and kept chugging and chugging...&amp;#x200B;..I'm ready to face my inner demons and to live a healthy lifestyle depression free...&amp;#x200B;..I'm on Day 5! We can DO this. &lt;3 Stay strong my friend. And here's to a healthy future! (:
Do it. 25 is around when I started trying to stop as well. 28 now. Made a lot of progress in the last 8 months but if I had quit at 25 I would be a whole different level now...Good luck to you!
At 25 I was 180 lbs. Due to drinking &amp; eating as an alcoholic and foodaholic my weight rose steadily to 300+ Lbs. I am now 141 days sober. I eliminated 2000 calories a day in beer and began dieting so-so.  Yesterday I weighed 232 lbs.  For those of us with a slow metabolism drinking is a killer. The side effect of me being an alcoholic was me becoming a person who I hated. iwndwyt
You've made a brave decision congrats. IWNDWYT 
I'm 25 as well. I've made similar mistakes. Cheers to a sober beginning :)
That's awesome! I can't imagine how much I could have accomplished in my life had I quit at 25 and not 41. You're making a wise decision and in time I'm sure you'll get to reap all the benefits sobriety has to offer (and they are many!). ..Now that you've made that important decision it's equally important to quit safely. It's always a wise idea to consult a physician before stopping cold turkey. I can tell you from very painful personal experience that alcohol withdrawal is serious business. At best it can be uncomfortable at worst it's fatal. A caring medical professional can help you make it through that first crucial days safely and with a minimum of discomfort. I've done it both ways and I'd take medication assisted detox every time. ..Hang in there and make sure to take it easy on yourself. You can do this - we believe in you!
Welcome :) I highly recommend some sober literature if that's your kind of thing. This subreddit my kindle and my seltzer are my go to's when the cravings hit. 
Almost 25 year old here! I also started drinking at 18/19. Love seeing other people my age here committing to a healthier happier life! ..IWNDWYT 
