-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b77rmi/6_days_and_i_am_broken/

Hi all..I am 23 and have been struggling with an addictive personality since the age of 14 due to childhood trauma. I have been working hard over the past year to finally work through those events as a child and accept and move on from them. For a number of years I have had problems with drug and alcohol abuse to help put those events to the back of my mind and most of all to help me sleep. I have struggled with sleep for as long as I can remember I have just never been able to get to sleep without any substance whether it be alcohol cannabis or tablets of any kind...&amp;#x200B;..It's been 6 nights and 7 days without alcohol the longest I have ever gone since alcohol dependance - I am extremely proud of myself for making it this long it's been tough but the lack of sleep is making me feel so out of it and just completely delirious. I am physically and mentally drained from the lack of sleep but when it comes down to it I just cannot get to sleep. No matter whether I try and go to sleep early or at 5am in the morning.. it's just not happening...&amp;#x200B;..I have been to the Doctors (UK NHS) so many times about my sleep and swear that if there was something the doctor could give me to help me just to get into a real sleeping pattern it would stop me from turning to drink or drugs to get a few hours of shut-eye. I understand that doctors are sceptical about giving medication to someone who has a history of addiction as well as drinking heavily at the same time but I am hoping with a visit on Monday they will actually do something about it as I haven't had a drink for 7 days. ..&amp;#x200B;..I am doing all I can to help turn things around and I hope they can give me something to make it a little easier. I am just so.. so tired I could cry...&amp;#x200B;..This post has no real objective I just need to get it out there and vent :( ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Rooting for you
Hey there that sounds really tough. I hope you're able to get some help (and some sleep) soon!
Similar boat here my sleeping is awful..Last time they said they didn't want to give me anything because of mixing with the alchohol. I'm hoping to go to the doctors to (UK NHS too) and get some zopiclone. They only give you a weeks worth (it's addictive) but I'm hoping now that I'm committing to this with meetings and honesty with people this will be time I do finally quit..I hate insomnia and it's for sure one the many factoring feedbacks into the whole destructive loop. I hope you can get some help! 
I have taken melatonin and it really helps me to fall asleep.  No rx needed.
This can be fixed and it definitely SHOULD be fixed sleep is essential. Your circadian rhythm is probably totally fucked up and needs  repair . I tell you what worked for me and why and as a bonus some stuff I haven't tested ;-)..Your body supports you in falling asleep when you play by the rules. Get to bed at the same time each day and get up at the same time. Even on sundays. Always at the same time. Then your body will start to produce melatonin in the evening to help you fall asleep and cortisol in the morning to get you going. Sleeping hygiene is important when you get up in the morning get really UP so the body knows night is over exposure to fresh air and bright (sun)light is good cold shower if you're brave no coffee after noon (caffeine effects last up to eight hours) physical activity at daytime (IMPORTANT) blue light filters on electronic devices in the evening ways to calm you mind down avoid exciting and stressful things before bed. I think calming your mind is a big part for you find something to relax meditation is good some yoga techniques are excellent for relaxing. I can imagine you're worried a lot when you go to bed thinking  will I sleep?! oh I want to sleep so much!!!   this is counterproductive don't stress yourself. ..You can support you body with taking some melatonin in the beginning (later the body should produce it on its own) many people react good on magnesium supplements in the evening helps relaxing muscles and producing GABA. Apropos GABA you could try some green gaba tea helps calming down as well. Green tea in general is a good idea just don't use the ones with lots of caffeine...Alcohol might help you falling asleep by numbing your brain down but at the same time it prevents you from having GOOD sleep as you wake up often and miss deep sleep phases. Getting your natural circadian rhythm going will be much much better...Hope this helps...IWNDWYT.
Seconding the melatonin. Good luck x!
I just come here to tell you something but don't despair but that might be your normal sleep pattern specifically if you are waking to alarms to go to work many people live their lives with normal and happy with uncommon natural sleep patterns...It is a lie that everyone holds a simple 24hr/8h sleep circadian rythm I am myself a holder of a 32h/10h sleep circadian rythm; the reason is simple biology didn't adapt to modern living abnormal sleep circadian rythms are common because some people had to be alert while everyone else was sleeping; kids and infants naturally never had trouble with this because it was never their job but as they grew they developed into normal sleepers night owls early birds or non-24 which are born out of the mutual need that in a tribe someone got to be alert at any moment in time most people will be normal sleepers and early birds to take advantage of the sunlight but for night owls and non-24 everything is fucked up because the world was made for early birds and normal sleepers...Melatonin anything other than strong drugs such as alcohol cannot change your natural sleep pattern for my case I have to do a loop every weekend so I transition to early bird to normal sleeper to night owl and then I force myself back into an early bird. You might need to figure out what you are and how to cope with it...Insommia is another beast if you find hard to fall asleep when you are sleepy then that's a sleep disorder but if you are not sleepy but are alert then you are simply not asleep I can be awake for 28h and by that time I am going to be super alert light doesn't budge me I sleep without curtains even on summer even if the sun is blasting on my face I'll sleep my 10h then wake up.
Um. . . . NPR fan a book. Why We Sleep by Matthew Walker. I remember he said if you can't sleep get out of bed: read meditate damn other non screen things. Till you are sleepy for bed. Something about brain will begin associating the bed/bedroom with activity other than actual sleep. He mentions cooling bedroom down our brain like cooler temps.  He mentioned somewhere are the 60s I'm good 77-75 too cold actually wakes me up. He mentions alcohol does impede sleep. .I would do a good 40-50 mins workout b4 work really worked for me (fast pace walking). All other comments are good.  SO needs fan for white noise to sleep. Work 2nd shift no caffeine after 5. Work ends 10:30pm. .I've read weighted blanket may help?  Good luck! So sorry that sucks! 
Rootin for you also the first three weeks were the worst for me. Same thing unable to sleep racing thoughts and stomach problems. It's a tough place to be but it's the point where it's go back to everything you were doing or keep going into the unknown for a better life. It will get better. Find a good support group!
