-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7aqri/100_days_sober_well_104_as_of_today_and_this_much/

.Everybody says it and I know I'm no different to be amazed proud scared happy to have got to the hundred day mark. ..I have taken so much from this support network and wanted to give a little bit back to those coming up behind me. ..When I made the decision to stop in December I was terrified; drinking well over 100 units a week I could not imagine I would ever get out of the cycle of guilt addiction and ever more destructive and risky behaviour. ..But I knew if I kept drinking I would soon be dead and so the journey began. One day at a time never thinking about future holidays weddings parties that might be a struggle just turning down that first drink and reading/posting on here when I needed help. Thank you RD you never failed me!..I do still crave sometimes even romanticise about the old days (seriously!) but I sleep like a baby don't feel ashamed of my bloated red face my marriage is lovely and the guilt and humiliation has gone. I am happy! ..I still say  I'm not drinking at the moment  as opposed to  I don't drink  but I'll get there. IWNDWYT x 
----------immediate responses--------

Yay! I enjoyed reading your post. I quit for same reason. ..YOUR WORDS REMIND ME WHY I CAME HERE TOO..."I knew if I kept drinking I would soon be dead and so the journey began. One day at a time never thinking about future holidays weddings parties that might be a struggle just turning down that first drink and reading/posting on here when I needed help. "" Thanks ! IWNDWYT
Congrats and continued success to you
Hell to the mother fucking yes! Congrats you deserve no you EARNED the good feelings the peaceful rewards that sobriety brings. Sobriety is in an interesting ride but it gets better and better and it becomes more of who you are and who you want to be.  Keep up the hard work friend.  Today is your day
100 get-ups sober. Congrats from a 142.
Proud of you!  Good job!
Not sure exactly when it happened but I have officially transitioned to saying  I quit drinking  from  I'm taking a break from drinking . ..It feels so honest and refreshing. 
I knew you could do it! Big ups iwndwyt
I am not far behind you. Good job my sober brother. IWNDWYT!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT!
Congrats!! IWNDWYT 
Good stuff! 
Congrats well done! IWNDWYT
Your a champion!!!!    
That's great!
Woooohooooo!!!!!! Absolutely amazing! 
