-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7hee5/how_the_do_i_get_this/

Been a heavy drinker for the past 2 years. I struggle with general/social anxiety and alcohol seems to be the only thing that works. The problem is I've become a full blown alcoholic putting down a 5th of vodka within 4 hours. I've gone to medical detoxes more times than I can remember been to 30 day rehabs gone to meetings ect. I'm tired of this monkey on my back and want my happy sober life back but I always end up in the bottom of a bottle and feel like shit the next day. I guess my question to people who have a decent time of sobriety on them is "what has helped the most what personally helped you the most". 
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly finding this place. I stopped drinking the day I found this place. I think it's the fellowship with other people who are going through the same thing as me and who are winning the fight so can give great advice. ..If you've stopped drinking a few times before you could suffer from kindling.  It is potentially life threatening so I would get medical help again in order to detox safely if I were you...Best of luck mate. IWNDWYT 
When I crave I sit and remember the pain I've caused my husband the horrific hangovers and the shame/regret over it all. That's usually enough for me to ignore the craving and do something else. I then turn to music exercise and video games to put more distance from the bottle. Sober me also realizes that alcohol hides the anxiety like credit card debt. You may not pay much today but you sure will pay much more the longer you put it off.
Yoga (surprising) seeing a counsellor regularly (had been once or twice in the past but never regularly enough to actually unpack my shit) "this naked mind book" and Rachel Hart's "take a break from drinking" podcast - it's like free therapy.  
Alcohol is to anxiety as saltwater is to thirst.    .    .I had to change my mindset towards alcohol. Instead of viewing quitting as depriving myself I had to see it as *giving* myself health happiness and a better life.    .I don't *have* to drink poison in order to enjoy my life.
This place has helped a lot. Also looking at websites that tell/show the timeline of your body healing after stopping. It has taken me several tries and I'm only at 4 weeks after a 4 week stint with a one-day binge which sucked. Keep trying and keep thinking of how shitty hangovers are. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
What helped me the most was realizing that my crippling anxiety was caused by alcohol withdrawal. So I admitted that alcohol fixed my anxiety but only after causing it in the first place. ..After that it made the pains of the first month seem worthwhile. Still hard but worth fighting through.
I appreciate all the comments guys I guess I never thought of alcohol causing an infinite feedback loop of anxiety. When I'm sober it feels like I'm drowning out at sea and can't catch my breath. Alcohol is like a lifeboat pulling me out of the watery depths and having a warm blanket wrapped around me. I know the relief is only temporary but sometimes just a break from my mind saves me from completely losing it.
