-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7n2q5/its_in_my_dna_i_just_want_to_stop/

I have a family history of alcoholics. It's so easy for me. But it's really been taking toll on me. I can drink half a gallon of vodka with no after effects. ..I'm a functional alcoholic I seem normal and lively. Till I go home and drink myself to sleep. I'm becoming really dependent on the alcohol. ..I was once 6 months sober at one point but I relapsed. It puts me in a bad place. Few days ago I was vomiting blood. More and more my body is rejecting the alcohol. I'm so disappointed in myself... But I just cant stop. ..The shakes are bad the anxiety is overwhelming. I know it's bad and regret every shot... I'm just weak. This is so hard. There is no-one I can tell no one can relate/understand me. It's like I'm fighting this alone...I just want to quit this lifestyle...
----------immediate responses--------

Please see a doctor straight away!!
I feel your pain. Vivitrol injection helped me stop drinking. Therapy AA yoga books  positive podcasts telling people in my life I quit drinking all is keeping me from drinking today. I hope you find your peace.
Go to urgent care ER or see your doctor as soon as possible. Each can help you medically handle the withdrawal much better. But also it needs to be assessed why blood was in the vomit. It could be something small that will heal quickly and on its own once you quit or it may need medical attention. If you keep this up your body has a limit. I don't want that for you please. I hope you get help. I know I feel better now and I could have easily died. But today I'm here and sober and feeling more healthy and happy. 
&gt;There is no-one I can tell no one can relate/understand me. It's like I'm fighting this alone...There are a lot of people who will help!..You're not alone...Free recovery meetings made all the difference in the world...Tried meetings?
It's in my DNA too. 4 generations...But *I'm* the one who is breaking the chain of addiction...I was also vomiting blood tried desperately to get the drink down while I hung my head over the toilet bowl yet my body rejected it...then came the blood...Here's the silver lining Dude: you've quit before and for *6* whole months to boot! ..You know how to do this. There are many paths and there's a ton of resources here at r/stopdrinking...First and foremost a visit to your doctor would be the best route. I found that prescribed med's made the process a hell of a lot easier...We're here to support you. Please keep us posted and be careful..
Every single person in my family drank so it's in my DNA too but I don't want to go down the path that they did. I have a daughter so I have to do this for her. You should seek medical attention though. That would be enough to scare me straight. Please take care of yourself and we are all here for you 
Listen to "This naked mind" on audible and you will understand why you need to stop now. And really listen to it. I had to listen to it a couple times. You have to stop now before it's too late. I've tried and failed over and over and still new this go around but I know without a doubt "drinking is not an option" anymore. ..P.s.  in mmt DNA too. My uncle is the only one so far that beat it. He quit cold Turkey at 35. 
Remember you are not the exception to recovery. Lots of people have felt exactly the way you feel that no one can help them. They recovered. You can too. Lots of other people have not recovered and have lost themselves to alcohol. Choose which one you want to be and then take the steps you need to. Please see a doctor. Look at detox and recovery options. Look at groups like AA you will realise you are not alone and a lot of people do understand you. Don't give up you are worth it.
