-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7slq0/relapsed_threw_away_480_odd_days_for_4_drinks/

Allows my recovery to lapse over the last few weeks eventually leading up to my relapse last Thursday where I had four drinks. Only really processing it today. Time to give AA a proper go constantly making excuses about not getting the higher power bit but I cannot go back to the way things were. Still stunned that I could throw away my sobriety like that. Don't drink today folks whatever you do....it's hard as fuck but you mustn't give in. 
----------immediate responses--------

You didn't necessarily throw away 480 days you went over a YEAR without drinking. That's beyond amazing. You slipped up no one is perfect. Today is a new day keep going. I will NOT drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing. Stories like this are making my inner stubborn come out! Give yourself a break and a pat on the back for going so long w/o alcohol. You can do it again! IWNDWYT!!
Check out Smart Recovery.
You didnt throw it all away bro.  You slipped up and now youre getting back on track.  Sometimes you gotta step over the line to know where it is and to reaffirm which side you'd rather be on.  
Thank you for sharing this with us. 480 days is an awesome achievement and nothing nullifies it. I'm glad to hear you're back!
Just jump back on the wagon now.
4 drinks is NOT a relapse. It was a shit choice..Dust yourself off and keep going!
I'm just happy to see you made it back so quickly...now keep goin' ;)
Its not an all or nothing thing!!! Don't think that way!!!
I'm truly mean when I say--I am glad you are.  I relapsed at almost my year mark last fall.  And the shame I've lived in since then has been my own personal hell I put only myself through.  I wish not for you to feel that.  Even if you do I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive.  Keep on going however that may be.  I never fully addressed things that were going on in my life.  Never fully let myself submerge back into what was helping me stay off drinking.  I let myself dangle right in the shit again.  But here we are.  Hugs and I will not drink with you today. 
I guess if it was me i would just try to make sure that my head doesn't think it can start lying to me about it.  I imagine my head would tell me 2 major lies after the fact...\-You drank 4 last week and did just fine I might as well just start drinking on fridays...\-Screw it you drank already anyhow might as well just keep on going...I think a slip sucks sure but what would really suck is a full blown relapse.
Hey you are here! 4 drinks is not a relapse! I get the accountability and kudos for that but you did NOT just blow away 16 months sobriety! Sober on dude!
On October 20 I drank again after 522 days sober. This is day 2. We have both been able to get long runs of time and we can again. Let's not drink today and see what happens.  
You didn't throw it away!  You made a mistake.... and you have realized that!  So you can stop sliding down that slippery slope.   Some people don't see the mistake right away or don't care and continue to drink.  480 sober days of 481 that's pretty good!  Just get back on that wagon it's water under the bridge.
