-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7ul7j/6_months_of_sobriety_fantasy_vs_reality/

What I expected:.To lose weight .To be saved from my depression and anxiety.My husband will support me and finally understand how much I've been struggling.Stop feeling sick all the time.Have energy to work out and be a responsible morning person...Reality:.Lost weight ... at first.Less anxious. Still depressed.Husband still drinks. Sex life is nonexistent.Still barely work out feel guilty about it all the time and sleep late..I did quit coffee...I now see a therapist take antidepressants and am going to couples counseling but honestly things feel pretty flat.  ..When I first quit I was just excited to be off the roller coaster but I thought on the other side things would be feel clearer ... better.  I feel like there's no punishment and guilt here but also no hope.  I'm on my fifth antidepressant.  And my millionth argument with my husband about how I'm no fun anymore...I have some good days and some bad days. Recently they just all feel bad. :/.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on six months. Sorry to hear things are difficult with your husband. Was it a mutual decision to see a couples counsellor? Is he engaging in the sessions?
Congrats on 6 months - huge accomplishment!  I found a self-awareness of situations that i couldbtidentify before. That sobriety does not heal all - and can certainly strain relationships or change them - sometimes for better others for worst. I think the key for me was to re-align my expectations of what removing alcohol could do - and start putting more work into the things i wanted to see - be it improving relationships losing weight working out etc. I also realized we live in an instant gratification society - and thats not the reality of things - things get better gradually with work - things decline gradually if they are ignored - it's beautiful to realize that. Nothing is permanent but with sobriety and time i can accomplish goals and get better one day at a time. Withb weight loss - i had put on 50+ pounds of extra weight over a lifetime - the expectation to lose it overnight is not in line w reality - so ihad to reassess what a realistic goal was and work it from there. I think the bottom line though is that not drinking is just the part of the puzzle that allowed me the clarity to see things as they were - like a cleansing of the lens - and after that there is dtill work to do - but it's way more doable with clean lenses then when we cant see. Hope this helps and I'm rooting for you!!
Congratulations on 6 months! Being active helps me feel better mentally physically and emotionally - even if it's just a walk around the block. There's also free workouts online. It might be worth a shot to help improve your mood! Also maybe you &amp; your husband could plan something fun and active together!! Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT.
Congrats on 6 months! I too have been feeling very flat and depressed lately. When you get the energy go exercise  clean the house take a walk. Be kind to yourself at this time. Wanting to do better is one major step in the right direction. I recommend stretching deep breathing exercises and meditation. Using therapy to get to the root of your marriage issues and the reason why you drank will help tremendously as well. All the Luck. IWNDWYT 
