-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7vsly/day_150/

It took two years and two dozen failed attempts and relapses but on November 15 of last year I made it to day 15 of sobriety the longest stretch of time that I had gone without drinking since I started drinking around age 14. ..The first 50 sucked hard. The second 50 not so much. I barely noticed the days of sobriety racking up after 100. Five months later my body has shed its excess fat and water I've slimmed down. My breath is nicer and I take better care of my clothing and hygiene. My beard is no longer scraggly matted and dirty. Chunks of tangled hair dont get ripped out when I comb it anymore. It's well oiled soft straight. ..People talk to me more and I'm more willing to talk. My loneliness is still there but lessened as I've grown closer to the people in the church that I've been going to. My faith has been restored - I never would have been able to pick myself off the ground if I didn't look for the big guy in the sky. I never understood how people could become the type top spend as much time volunteering as they do working. I do now. It's not just the act but the fellowship of being around and involved in that lifestyle. It's beautiful. It's not for me but I'm willing to visit it more and more as time goes on...I've been studying hard - something I avoided like the plague after my spiral into depression and alcoholism led me to dropout of my master's program four years ago. I'm studying to get my CDL change my career. I've always loved driving its cathartic to me. And that industry is booming I could make a solid career out of it...I'm taking my exam tomorrow morning. ....I just wrote this as a testament. To those of you who are lurking reading these posts still stroking that trigger on going sober. Go ahead and pull it dump your stash of booze and go for it. I guarantee that the only regret that you'll have is not doing it sooner...Sobriety is hard but each and every day it gets easier. And that effect is multiplied when you see the improvements in your life. They're not immediate. But after a few weeks when you look at what a normal drinking day used to be and what a normal sober day is...how much more you accomplished. It's worth it...I Will Not Drink With You Today. Or tomorrow either.
----------immediate responses--------

Good to hear.
Awesome testimony! Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT
The world around me is simply brighter. To 150 mornings of waking up sober.
