-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b82pzp/had_a_really_difficult_talk_with_my_wife_last/

I'm about 6.5 weeks sober; my wife knew that I was drinking far too much and had asked me to stop many times. She knew I joined a program and had tried to get me to commit to speaking to her more about my progress - good days bad days etc...Well I've been doing my best there but yesterday...yesterday was a really hard day. I had a terrible time cravings like I haven't had in weeks and I couldn't get out of my own head. After the kids went to bed she asked me if we could talk about it - she asked respectively full of care and love...I decided to try to talk to her about it and what came out shocked her. She had no idea just how much I had really been drinking before I stopped and the damage that it had done. I apologized honestly and earnestly but she told me that she is going to really struggle to get over this. She's happy that I'm taking steps to get better but she feels betrayed and like she doesn't even know me and didn't end up sleeping in the same room as me. I left this morning for work before she woke up (as usual) but she isn't responding to my calls or texts...Now let's be clear - I didn't cheat or anything like that. But being able to hide the extent of my problem for years led her to feel like she's been living a lie living with a stranger...I get it. This is my fault. She isn't wrong and I have a lot of work to do to rebuild our relationship. But I'm just so tired and sad and frustrated. My coping mechanisms broken as they are lead me to want to drink more to just forget it and put it aside. Or to escape the situation somehow...It'll get better eventually. But today I don't see how. I'm filled with shame and regret and like I've mortally wounded (if not killed) the one thing in my life that I care about the most...This sucks. But with all of your help I'll not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Im sorry you are struggling. I would guess that your honesty about behavior she was unaware of was a shock and she will need time to process. I think showing her how dedicated you are to your self and your relationship by staying sober will help her understand and move forward. If you do meetings maybe invite her along  or a group for family support down the road so that she can see she is not alone? Just a thought. Stay strong IWNDWYT
I just finished day 3. I've been talking with my wife daily about it. After yesterday and today I am sure I started drinking to relax and releave stress. The depressant caused me to get more depressed and eventually I couldn't talk to her or anyone without a drink. When we met I was funny (and didn't drink). Over the last few years I haven't been able to talk without drinking not even with her. This made me feel like a failure which caused me to drink more. Two days ago (while sober) I looked at myself who I've become and I realized that I didn't like myself. I really think I've felt that way for a long time (which guess how I tried to solve that). My wife was shocked at first she didn't seem to understand this at first. I told her I might not be done drinking but I will not drink again until I find that guy inside me who can talk be funny and have fun without drinking. I liked him he's in there somewhere. And until I find him no sauce. I'm sure she'll come around with time. People ask for honesty but many times they don't like what they hear. She might also feel like maybe she has failed if she didn't realize how much you were doing. Keep talking she may not be ready yet but I bet she will be soon. I sincerely hope this works out for you and I will not drink with you today either.
I'm in a similar boat and honestly.. it sucks. I'm feeling lost myself but I know that booze is not the answer. So IWNDWYT! 
Congratulations on your honesty!..It could seem dark since there is guilt associated with the secrecy.  That's part of alcohol's sinister nature.  ..Instead of being a hostage to the past I use it wisely...What *has* happened is much less important than *what I do next*...Can I change what I did yesterday?  Last Week?  Last year?..Nope...I suspect you are a mortal and cannot either...The best use of my past is as a touchstone to *inform my next choice*...In that manner all that I have done of which I may not be proud can suddenly have *useful value*!..If I make good use of my past missteps I can be proud ...  now....  of what I do next...Or....  I can wallow in regret and remorse and make "now" something I regret tomorrow adding to my shameful past.  I can continue to let that which I *cannot* change prevent me from making CHANGE now...*The only person I need to be better than is myself yesterday*...What do you choose?.
I remember this. This was early sobriety for me over and over again. Every secret that came out was more horrifying than the last. She clung on and was just waiting for the skeletons to completely to be gone. The last of them came out over the last year and after eight and a half years there are no secrets left. It's a painful process becoming accountable and honest but it's a matter of survival for alcoholics like me.  ...Good luck to you. I know it hurts but please hang on and get those steps done (if that's your method)!
Some things are better kept to yourself.  If you are trying to do better that's all that really needs to happen...in my opinion.  Everyone makes mistakes everyone has a past and it doesn't need to be brought up and used against you...Not answering phone calls and texts is childish.  You have to be open and honest with her...but she can just ignore you?..It's not your fault it's a disease and you didn't know...It's not your fault but you do have the obligation to take action which you are...Buckle up dude...you could be in for a ride.
Maybe once the surprise wears off a little she'll admire your decision and effort to stop that much more. 
