-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b87p66/really_need_some_motivation_im_on_day_25_but_i/

I've posted here a few times in the past while I was going through panic attacks.  I've been to doctors and therapists.  Went to inpatient 30 day treatment then intensive outpatient and AA with a sponsor. ..So here is what's going on right now. I had a 3rd DUI arrest when I lost my job and home last year. The charges were dropped because I wasn't driving the government just wanted the money and credit. That good feeling didn't last long as I relapsed many times and now it getting to the point where it is just hell to detox. ..I'm 35 years old and have drank till I passed out almost every night since 20.  Right now I'm staying with my mom for 2 weeks to keep me from alcohol.  I'm still homeless and lost my job at taco bell (any job will do at this point)  because of a panic attack or maybe it was withdrawal/ detox. I have a bit of xanax to help me out right now. ..I'm at a loss I can't seem to get a job without a home and cant get a home without a job. I owe my mom about $25000.00 because she has been supporting me with cheap hotel rooms for weekly stays food lawyers and a nice bike since the DMV still thinks I need an interlock for 6 months till I can get a DL I don't even have a car. I've never owed that much money to anything before in my life which adds to my guilt and shame especially because it's my mother's retirement.  I've been homeless for about a year now and only 3 days of taco bell for a job. ..Im going to the doctor soon with my mother to hopefully get me some sort of medication that will work better. I seem to just let these 3 things stew in my head but wanted to at least try to write it out. My mom lives on the country side in a different state so its tiny and we have to drive 35 miles to the closest big town. I dont have any friends and my family are either dead or distant. I really need some encouragement or advice. ..I have no idea what to do. There is a homeless shelter but it's only a month unless I get a full time job at which they take half of it. Thank you all for reading and even if I don't get any replies I'm glad I have a place to write this down. 
----------immediate responses--------

First BREATHE. Breathe again. And again....You are alive. You are reaching out for help. And you want to change (right?). That's 3 HUGE steps in the right direction IMO..You can do this! You've already been through some pretty serious sh*t and lived to tell the tale. Keep going! I believe in you  
Hang in there. I think that getting your medical/physical needs met is a great first step. Once that is taken care of you will be better able to focus on applying for jobs which you will be able to handle. I would try to deal with/look at one thing at a time as one thing allows the next to happen. You have lots of support here. IWNDWYT 
Id strongly suggest a 12 step group. I hope you find your way to recovery. Hang in there.
