-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8ep3r/struggling_to_put_a_label_on_it/

im (18 F) a college first year. i have depression anxiety adhd and probably other things. i take antidepressants and adderall (all prescribed to me). i have a big family history of alcoholism. and now im worried for myself...long story short in the late fall/early winter i threw up after drinking too much for the first time (because college). this happened again. and then i went to the hospital for an alcohol-induced mental breakdown (for which my friend had to call the cops). then i threw up because i was trying to chug wine before going to a bar (i later snuck a beer in). my close friends and girlfriend have helped me through this all...i don't drink daily usually just twice a week (fri+sat) tops. i drink because it's fun and i like the feeling. i like being loopy. it especially helps me when i go to parties my sports team hosts because i often feel like i dont belong but alcohol will help me. other times it's just nice to use it to celebrate the end of the week. i've only drinken alone once (this past friday night) because i was getting rid of beer in my fridge. when i drink beer i tend to chug and shotgun. same with wine because i want to get drunk. it's fun. and there's nothing else to do because my school is in a fairly rural area. ..now after a fight with a friend after she (was drunk) said i couldnt drink at this small get together i got upset. my friends have been saying this often and keep policing what i drink. they worry when i drink or get upset/disappointed especially my girlfriend. i hate how theyre so strict about me drinking when they drink themselves...so now im trying to process all this. im a full-time student. i dont know if im an alcoholic; it doesnt feel like it based on stereotypes ive seen and the stories ive read feel very different from my own experience. i dont feel addicted enough to go to AA but this seems to be a big problem affecting my relationships with this friend group and my girlfriend. i'm very scared anxious and alone in this process so far (i JUST realized this/applied the label of alcoholic tonight) but i dont feel as though i know what i am. any advice or anecdotes are welcome. 
----------immediate responses--------

You don't need to have any certain level of addiction to go to recovery meetings. Anyone with a desire to stop drinking can go to AA. Look for the similarities with other people's stories instead of the differences. You might be surprised!
Many things point to problematic behaviour. ..If you **think** you have have a problem with alcohol you're welcome to attend an AA meeting. ..Honestly if it's creating issues with relationships and it's been a touchy area in the past why not remove it from your life and spare yourself the challenges in the future?
Your issue may lie in the manner in which you drink. Always shotgunning beer/wine etc. You may find you can get tipsy by drinking slowly and still be more confident have lots of fun but not regret being out of control and then spewing. ..I drank in a similar manner and always acted like a dickhead hooking up with regrettable girls getting in fights breaking things spewing everywhere. Toning it down a bit helped me have just as much fun remember my night and actually maintained friends as I wasn't "that drunk guy"...As for AA it's entirely up to you. It can help put things into perspective when you hear about the effect that drinking has had on others lives...I honestly wish I developed a better attitude towards drinking when I was younger and learned to have fun with friends whilst sober.
