-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8fq7g/alcoholic_paradox/

I am an alcoholic and there's no alcoholic in the world that didn't have a relapse or I am not an alcoholic. It seems there's no escape from drinking again. In the first case I'm drinking soon in the second case there's no point in resistance and I'm drinking soon...After 300 days I'm still fighting hard...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm having trouble understanding your post. I'be been sober since my first AA meeting. I may have one more relapse in me but I may not. ..I know when I was trying to quit on my own I couldn't. Once I admitted I couldn't I did. That was my paradox. ..IWNDWYT 
Luckily for me I got all my relapses out of the way early while I was trying to figure this stuff out.  And now that I have checked off the must have relapses I can sail smoothly on with continued sobriety.
If I dabble too much in that mentality I'm absolutely on my way to having a relapse! The trick for me is to not thinking about my drinking like that   I try to refrain from using words/ideas that my mind feels can be too critical because then I know I get WAY too serious and will screw it up for myself...The same thing happened when I was younger and tried to go vegetarian for a few years. I was so damn determined to not eat meat and the result was that I was honestly kind of a judgmental bitch to everyone including myself. I had a very black and white mindset and the result was that because I was so hyper-focused it felt like meat was creeping at me from all angles   movies television friends family grocery shopping etc. It was like the meat devil was trying to get me to break at any moment! Lol. ..It was only once I started to relax and not overthink my desire to not eat meat that it became a hell of a lot easier to not want to consume it. And I've adopted that same mentality with drinking. Yeah it's still way hard sometimes   but I'm not tripping myself up about it like I have in the past. 
