-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8ko6l/moderation_0_sobriety_1/

I'm on holiday with the family. My wife still drinks but not nearly as much as I used to. I've been wondering for some time how I was going to handle holidays. So far I've managed to get through each challenge as it came along - the old friends' reunion the after-work drinks the best-friend's visit. Still sober. ..We were out walking along the coast with a storm coming in. In the distance was the place we were heading for lunch: The Lifeboat Inn. Pretty much the archetypal old-English pub. We got there just as the rain started - low beams log fires many tempting local beers on tap. Rain pelting the roof and windows but inside was warm and dry with a well sticked bar. This was it. My final showdown with the moderation monster and I was on his home turf...I'd been justifying a pint to myself since the previous morning so I knew I was headed for trouble. Cravings I don't have to struggle too hard to overcome. But this was new. This was a different environment on holiday and I've been running into motivation headwinds the last few days. ..I ordered juice for the kids a half-pint of bitter for the wife. A pint of soda water for myself. I fell back on the old tactic of not wanting to waste the rest of the day. Looking forward to a run in the rain later which I knew I wouldn't make if I had a few beers. It was not easy but I made it through by thinking about the rest of the day instead of that one pint of beer there and then. Future over the present. That old charm...As we were walking back the children began to get tired and cold in the rain. I thought about how if I had a two-beer buzz I'd be irritated and probably disappointed in myself for losing my sobriety. Eventually I ran on ahead collected the car and drove back to collect the family just as the weather turned really bad. Now I'm sitting here back in the holiday cottage realising how close I was to giving in. ..But I did it. I fought that damned thing in its final stronghold and I smote its bloody ruin on the stone floor of that pub. I'm slightly surprised at the violence of the metaphors that come to mind. It's a visceral grappling sort of thing.  A few unresolved issues there maybe. ..So now I'm drinking coffee with a slice of cake. We're about to watch a family film together. I'm not going to fall asleep or carry on drinking by justifying it as "I've started now so I might as well carry on" and drinking my wife's red wine. I'm going to sit here with my girls watch Netflix and think of running later in the sunset. The future that I held onto in the pub is slowly coming around and it's so much better than the present I turned down a couple of hours ago...Stay strong friends. I got lucky this time may you be too. But you know what they say: the harder you train the luckier you get...&amp;#x200B;..Peace and Love..Paul
----------immediate responses--------

This was lovely to read now I want to go on a run in the rain! ..So glad to hear that playing the tape forward worked so well for you. I'm very impressed by your self awareness and mindfulness. Very inspiring...Congrats on staying strong!
Wow good for you! Thank you for that. It brought tears to my eyes! By making that wise decison you gave the priceless gift of your present self to your girls. They will cherish that memory forever! IWNDWYT
Awesome job.  You and I quit on the same day.  Obviously my counter is incorrect.
Well done. Over the past couple of years I've completely written-off drinking in the day in pubs/restaurants as it just leads to bingeing. I join the kids with ginger beer lucozade Scampi Fries - reminds me of my own childhood in old Cornish pubs soggy seaside weather included! Evenings in pubs I cannot do at the moment though. IWNDWYT.
Well done my man well done.  That was quite the test.  Please come to the stage and collect your medal.
I love this story! You're a great writer btw. 
Great post Paul. We all hear a lot of stories about giving into moderation (hey I've done it myself) but it's great to hear one about staying strong.  ...Keep it up and enjoy the rest of your holiday!  ...IWNDWYT
What a lovely story Paul - about your sobriety but also you painted such a vivid picture of the whole event??  Do you write professionally?  If you don't I think it's something you should consider!!  ..Congrats my friend and enjoy the rest of your family trip! 
Nice work! I always feel that holidays are the absolute most difficult time to get through sober.  That is a great idea thinking about future you and using that to keep yourself from giving in. I'm going to try that one myself the next time I'm faced with an opportunity for a drink.
I loved reading this. Thank you  
Great post saved so I could read it again.  I have a friend visiting towards the end of April for his birthday and I'm sure there will be some rowdiness.  Any advice?
Thank you for sharing your strength. Needed some today. 
This is beautiful. Thank you. 
Proud of you!
Great job.  
I loved this: "I fought that damned thing in its final stronghold and I smote its bloody ruin on the stone floor of that pub."  Such a great image. 
Fantastic post just wanted I needed to hear.
Glad you made it through. 
That environment is the  final boss and you fucking conquered it. Well done sir.
Been lurking on this forum for a while. Signed up for an account just to tell you that your story gave me strength to get through today. I think at this point I'd be a sucker for a pub on a rainy day. I'm still at a stage where I feel like I have to mix up some of my old activities and places I used to visit for fear of temptation until it gets a little easier. Future over the present seems like a powerful tool thanks.
I second that what a great read !!! Yes the 2 pint buzz- over quickly just leaving you muddled dejected and asking what did I do that for ? .Win a pound but lose ten...  insanity...Did you manage to run ?  
\&gt;&gt;   I fought that damned thing in its final stronghold ..Haha ! beautiful that made me laugh. Well done thanks for sharing. Lots of truth nuggets in there. Not today friends!
Hey Paul thanks for sharing. It was really nice reading that and really reaffirmed my thoughts for the way my night went as well. ..Tonight I went out to the local watering hole after work. It's past midnight and I've just come up on 29 days as of now so I've developed the ability to go to the bar with friends and just enjoy their company. And so I did. ..I sat down and ordered some half-price wings (bonus!) and sitting across the bar from me just so happens to be my fucking cocaine dealer. We've spent nights before being up till 7am drunk as hell and doing lines way too early in the morning (and spending *way too much money*). Just thinking about it gives me anxiety. He comes over to say hello gives me his 'new' number (probably thought I lost it because I've deleted it since) and just to avoid any confrontation or conversation I accept it and put it into my phone...I thought for a bit what my night would have gone like if I wasn't sober. If I would have picked up coke I would have to have gotten piss drunk for it to be most enjoyable. I would have had to buy a gram at least because thats how he deals and with work the next afternoon who knows what kind of a mess that would have gotten me into the next day. Long story short I would have been *hundreds of dollars* into a mess of drugs booze anxiety and self-hate at 5am with a wake-up call not too far away. I stare that number down and I delete it. ..But instead I enjoyed my wings went home and now I'm sitting here with the candles lit got some light jazz playing in the background enjoying a cup of lemon-ginger tea while I read your sentiments. My house is clean my bed is made and I did the dishes when I came home. My face has been washed and I'm just toning it down for bed so I can get a solid 7-8 hours of sleep for work tomorrow. ..Just like you I went through what the night *would've* been like and I decided that it obviously wasn't worth it. My bill was 11 dollars by the way! I think all of my other friends must have spend at least 40 bones because I see on their Instagram stories that they are still there. ..At the gym I go to there's a message on a wall that reads: 'It doesn't get easier you just get stronger' and I find that to be so true on this new sober path I have created for myself...Thanks again for sharing. Sorry for the long story but I just thought it was so similar to yours. Peace and love to you too!..Jack
Your writing evoked such vivid imagery I could picture myself in that same situation of being on holiday and inside a cozy pub. I sensed the temptation and wondered how I would have responded. By shifting your focus to the rest of the day rather than that one temptation I believe that mindset will help me choose sobriety. Thank you. 
'Motivation headwinds'? Sheesh that's poignant - as is the whole thing! Stellar work all around!
Great job capturing the rationalizations. Great job capturing the relief of avoiding relapse
I'm heading back to the uk later this year to see family (I moved to Australia 20 years ago) and am concerned that English pub culture will be the death of my sobriety (currently at 290 days). Thankyou for giving me an example of fortitude when faced with a good old pub!
Great post. Thank you for sharing. Good decision and I'm glad you get to spend quality time with your family instead...I will not drink with you today.
Thanks. It's a challenge that's all. It always seems impossible until it's done. All the best!
This is great. I'm going on holiday end of May and I'll use you're future versus present tactics as I'm already anticipating it will be a challenge  
