-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8mnjy/an_old_coworker_committed_suicide_yesterday/

I didn't know her that well. We worked at different locations for the same restaurant and I left that job a couple years ago.  My fiance knew her a lot better as they worked at the same location for a couple years together.....She obviously struggled with depression but I know that she also drank a lot.....I'm sad today. I'm sad that a bunch of her coworkers got trashed at the restaurant last night in her "honor"...I'm sad that she worked in an environment that encouraged drinking to excess (on and off the clock) and I can't help but feeling if she'd left that job this might not have happened...I also feel blessed that I managed to escape the clutches of this poison.  ..I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish by posting this I just wanted to share my feelings. I love you all. Stay safe y'all and please reach out for help if you need it.....IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I think its important to recognize the irony of "celebrating" by taking the same poison but at the same time i know that while grieving people oftentimes lack that clarity. Depression is terrible - and alcohol def exasperates it. Im very sorry for your loss but im gkad you are still here with us!!
Glad you're OK and sobering on.
Sorry to hear for your loss. Sometimes it gets overwhelming. I lost my sponsor to heroin Klonopin finally he died of a rare lung disease. He was an oxygen tank and out of his mind on Klonopin when I last saw him alive. Buried on my birthday so I can understand. A great friend who gave me hope and laughter. I couldn't go back to AA after that. It really gives meaning to life and how short it is. SSS is short sweet and Sober...IWNDWYT 
This place got me straight and strong for 10 days and for me with all my other problems is legend!!!..Peace and love to all of us who fight the good fight!..IWNDTWY 
Wow! I'm so sorry. Your post resonated with me hard. While I was drinking I had suicidal thoughts every single day and some day they felt more potent. Since I've stopped those thoughts are gone. I have bipolar and still struggle but quitting drinking has been HUGE. I hate that drinking may have pushed her over an edge she may not have seen if sober. Thank you for this reminder.
Thank you for sharing. Even if there isn't a  point' we all get to read this and draw our own parallels/conclusions. Processing traumatic news takes time talking about it is the first step in understanding it. ..
As a person that has been successfully treated for depression the main thing that brought me down was beer - it was THE depressant because that's what beer does brings a person down.  My personal opinion is that if alcohol is totally stopped many many people would be much more mentally healthy.
sending you love. i'm so sorry...i'm so glad you shared this. ..&amp;#x200B;..one thing that my 300 and some odd days has taught me was that this life or death... to speak up to share to give of myself in ways i never have it possibly could change someones life and my own...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
It is sad. But it's not their fault for wanting to get trashed and it wasn't her fault that she was too late. It is just the sad reality of the world we have created for ourselves...The silver lining is this: You. Caught in the middle of it all you have been blessed with the ability to witness her death and the way your co-workers dealt with it from a new perspective that would not have been apparent to you prior to being sober...I'm proud of you. To honor your coworkers death even if we did not know her that well I will not drink with you today and hope that we can save people before its too late. I know SD has saved me to a large extent and I hope more can find themselves in my shoes one day. ..Thanks for sharing. Love you as well! Stay strong. 
There are a lot of studies that support binge drinking increasing the risk of suicide. I wonder how many people that i routinely drank with struggled with that as well. 
