-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8v2je/90_days/

Time actually flew by way faster than I expected after the second month or so. I look better than ever and my mental health is at its best state in more than 5 years. ..It took a lot of work though and stopping drinking was just the first step. I've changed pretty much every aspect of my life from a new (good) job to dietary habits and workout...What helped me the most is actually actively trying to learn from my past failures and relapses. Forgiving myself and keeping the positives was very important to me...And of course this subreddit has helped me more than I can describe. Even if I don't participate a lot I make sure to read posts every day. This community is amazing. Thank you...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 90 days!!  ..I just finished writing a post about wanting to find a new job. I think that might be in my future as well seems like a good idea.  
Congrats!! IWNDWYT
Nice work!!  
I just hit 30 days but definitely notice mental clarity...it's wonderful! I'm so happy for you and happy to hear it gets even better at 90! IWNDWYT
Congrats!
I needed to hear this. IWNDWYT. 
This is awesome. It's really not about stopping drinking. It's about starting living. 
IWNDWYT! I love reading these stories and can't wait to have 90 days under my belt. I think I have reached a 2 week bit of a slump. Not sleeping well again low energy after having crazy amounts. But I'm still feeling good and I will keep on keeping on! 
Thanks for the post! I'm right alongside you. Spring feels great after 3 months clean.
Congratulations on your 90 days - 90 days for me too. I quit a very stressful job last year and it's made a huge difference to my life.  I used to self medicate with alcohol to destress but not any longer  
Congrats! Great post!
Congratulations my friend! Keep it up keep learning keep striving and keep on living your life to the fullest!
Great for you! That's a milestone I haven't come close to in a while but seeing posts like yours helps keep me inspired. Here's to another 90! Iwndwyt
