-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b93xty/relapsed_after_a_few_years_in_again_i_need_to/

I seem to have a tick every few years. I get sober. I keep trying to live my drinking life while dry. Every 2 or 3 years I become miserable. I start to think that the reason I'm miserable is that I'm not able to have fun  anymore that I can control drinking this time because I keep chasing this imaginary "fun" I think I'll have if I drink...This time it was hiding bottles in my closet so my SO didn't know how much I was drinking. It was only drinking at home so I wouldn't get out of control in public and I could label it as "stress relief". Then I started drinking around people because I "needed to take the edge off". I started drinking before going out to events where people drank "normally" so I could pace with them to keep the buzz. I sought out binge drinkers to normalize my behaviour...All the while knowing it was a problem. I wanted respite from my chronic pain anxiety depression and grief about so many things in my life. Respite from the deep and painful loneliness that permeates every aspect of my life. ..I have no real friends. My SO is kind and caring but we have felt a split between us for a long time. I was working nights &amp; weekends as a bartender. He worked days in the trades. I went back to bartending while sober because there is a high unemployment rate in my region. I have a Master's Degree and was only getting part time work related to my field; it was massively stressful and I was overworked and underpaid. Even sober I still had a lot of mental health and chronic pain issues I was dealing with. ..I've recently gone on unemployment for sickness. Well my doctor has signed off for me and I'm trying to get all of the paperwork together. I wish I had more motivation...I've felt constantly on edge for years. I've also been deeply depressed. I have no energy and motivation yet can't stop my racing thoughts. I sleep either too much or too little and my self-care has gone out the window. I'm eating like garbage not treating myself well missing appointments and feel so isolated and yet so scared to reach out. ..Both of my parents passed in the last 5 years. My sister and I are not on good terms. I live in another country away from my closest friend and my extended family. I feel us grow apart more and more as the years pass since I can't afford to see them as often as I'd like. I'm having a lot of trouble making friends here and not just "connections". Everyone either wants to party all the time or are already set in their lives and friendships. ..I feel really alone and am not sure what to do. I wish I just had a friend or two I could even chat with online. About stuff we're going through send jokes and memes build a real friendship. I've always had some form of that in my life until the last few years. I feel like I have little to live for but I don't want to die. I think this is why I drank again. I thought it may make me feel something again even for a moment. Instead it is making this all so much harder. ..I may actually try AA for an extended period of time this go around. I largely used r/SD before. Now I think I need a bigger change in my life. I have trouble getting places without a car here but now that it's spring I'm going to try and find ways to get to meetings. I just want to feel connected to something again and feel like my existence matters...Thx for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your situation sounds really tough and I have had stresses like it drive me to drink again as well. The key thing I focused on after I put it down again was just that today I'm not drinking. ..I'm in A.A. and not to push the virtues of the program but if nothing else it's healthy fellowship with lots of people some of whom you can help some can help you but everyone can help each other even just by sharing a laugh like friends do. 
I was just talking with my sponsor about how when I first walked into AA I was 'Fuck this. Fuck that. Fuck you. Fuck me' but with each meeting it reminds me that I need to be there.  I need to listen to these stories. I need to put my collective thoughts together and be honest with myself about my drinking. I need to see those friendly faces that ask me how I'm doing. I need to be around those people that hug me and shake my hand when I tell them I hit 6 months. I need to be around people who are just like me. ..Proudly carry my coin with me everyday and can see friendships being formed.  
I had too do something about the issues that made me want to drink when I was sober. I was able to do that working the steps in AA with a sponsor.  At almost 10 years sober I am looking to add in some professional help to address some underlying problems. Mainly related to weight and a health scare. The point is I am mostly happy each day the rough days reinforce why I keep going to A.A.  I have some problem I think is intense and then I talk to someone at a meeting and realize I have it pretty damn good. ..Rooting for you. I hope you get some relief. 
I learned a lot about alcoholism from Joe and Charlie The Dr Opinion on YouTube. 
