-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b95gi5/how_do_i_support_my_spouse_as_he_quits_drinking/

My husband is trying to quit but struggling with setbacks. I'm trying to be supportive by not getting angry or shaming him when he has setbacks. I mostly just want to understand what's going on... what's causing him to slip up. I understand that this isn't easy but I have no experience with addiction and have no idea how to help. I love him and want him to be successful in quitting. I also know that if this struggle continues for too long I will eventually become distant (out of self preservation) and I'll want to leave the relationship. ..I'm already sad and scared that this is beyond me. I know it's up to him to manage his sobriety... I can be the perfect supportive partner but this doesn't keep him from struggling. I still wish I could do more. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe alanon? There is a sub too r/alanon. ..I have some loved ones who are addicts including my spouse and even though I understand because I'm an alcoholic it's still hard. Sending you some good vibes. Take care of yourself. It is difficult to be in love with an addict. 
Honestly as someone who is putting his wife in this very situation the fact that you are here says a lot. I would love to know that my wife was seeking groups books ways to be supportive. ..Just talk to him and ask him what he needs.  Good luck to you both.  
It helped me when my partner stopped keeping booze in the house and stopped drinking around me until I could handle it.  And she called me out a few times when I was waivering like on a Sunday suggesting we get pizza and she knew beer always comes with that pizza it helped to be open about it.  A bit shocking the first time maybe but still it got me out of my head which is good.  Because the argument between me and my addiction in my own mind is a place I can lose easily.  But saying the same reasoning out loud to someone shows how dumb it really is and gets me back in focus. 
Alanon is a great resource...Also I offer to attend AA with the the person and sit in support.
Maybe ask him? Different people have different needs.
Love and tolerance is our code.  Recovery takes time real time like months and years and can come with emotional upsets and disturbances.  The real true spouse you loved will eventually emerge.  Hang in there.  Go to Al-Anon if it gets challenging or even if it doesn't.
