-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b96j6u/just_attended_my_last_aa_meeting/

I posted about a week ago about struggling with AA and wanted to follow up. I'm absolutely fucking done with this program. ..First of all I'm the youngest person at any meeting in my area by about 15 years. I can neither relate to or feel comfortable with anyone who attends regularly. There's also extremely problematic views towards mental illness in the membership. I was legitimately just attacked at a meeting for saying that I place more value on therapy than anything in the Big Book. There's an underlying culture of anecdote over evidence that also manifests as judgement towards anyone who doesn't strictly adhere to the program. ..Add to this the fact that I do not believe in God nor do I think prayer is a legitimate cure for mental illness/substance abuse. ..I think AA served a function at one time but there lacklustre success rate (5-10%) speaks for itself in terms of its modern relevance...I'm done with it and I will find another way to stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

I've never been to AA. I am not into that sorta thing. I am sober nearly a year. IWNDWYT 
You have to do what works for you. Nobody else. If you are doing therapy that is a wonderful thing and a great opportunity for healing and growth. AA works for many people. It doesn't work for me for some of the same reasons you mentioned.  Best wishes and you can have a sober life if you really want it. 
I couldn't agree more. .For me it's the feeling of privilege because you've been sober x number of years but to be honest a lot of people in AA lives are as fucked up as when they were drinking.  .Just couldn't deal with The whining and fear to live outside the rooms. 
i tried AA. didn't work. ..they try to convert you to almost a religious state about sobriety. you go from being all about drinking to all about AA and can be just as toxic. ..i go long periods of time where alcohol doesn't even cross my mind. couldn't imagine being stuck in a vicious AA cycle and have it constantly on my mind. 
Good luck to you.   ..Just one thing AA has great success 100 % for me and a ton of people I see in the meetings all across the country.  Those figures you used are not accurate in fact measurement is very tricky...A final note I am agnostic and never had any problems with it in AA
Where about do you live?.To find young people to fellowship with you may want to try NA. I know in a lot suburban areas NA is full of young people. They will welcome you even if you are not addicted to opioids because they understand you don't want to sit around a church basement with a bunch of old men..
I respect your decision and reason for being done with AA. I couldn't do AA because I don't do fellowship as I am a loner and not fake friendly. I use SD as my "sponsor" substitute. Did not know their success rate is so low. Have never done the SD chat room but maybe that can help.
I appreciate that you qualified your skepticism by "what you've seen of AA" and I dont know the extent of your research. Check out recent (2006) published scientific research by Moos &amp; Moos demonstrating that those who attend AA for 27 weeks during their first year of recovery have about an 67% abstinence rate 16 years later. Moos research paper about efficacy of AA (See Table 3.) This is a much better success rate than most treatments for chronic progressive incurable and fatal diseases. The real world evidence of AA effectiveness meets every night in innumerable places all over the world. The millions including me who have recovered with the help of AA are no longer skeptical.
The link tiredwite provided states 8-12%.   Read the previous message.  ..
I'm 25 and there are two other people my age and the rest age from 40-70 and I can honestly say I've taken more away from any meeting than anything I've read off of here why? Because I'm an alcoholic I'm a liar and a cheat and I can BS my way on any forum. I can't do that at AA. Take what you want and leave the rest. I'm proud that your sober And keep up the good work!
I am near 100 days and I keep noticing hypocrisy in the AA group I've been attending. Others have to and bringing up group conscious in order to vote on the issue at hand wound up causing the secretary to have a freaking tantrum and not listen to anyone's concerns. .  I literally get nothing out of the meetings; ppl talk outside afterward a little bit and I've garnered more support from those 5 minute exchanges than anything in the literature. .  I am self aware grown ass person and it rankles me that some old timers talk down to me like I'm a toddler. Yeah I had an unhealthy relationship with booze but I was functional - I was managing my life. The more I hear the first steps the more I'm realizing they don't apply to me. I'm glad I stopped when I did; my drinking was getting excessive and unhealthy but I don't fit the AA  criteria  the old timers don't understand my combo of lifestyle things and they do not accept that my taking the 12 steps as suggestions doesn't require me to have a sponsor and do nothing but meetings. ..I want to move on with life and keep growing not sit and reread the big book and relive old drunken BS. ..Folks here have always chimed in &amp; recommended cherry picking what works for me. And the support has been greatly appreciated. I may stop trying AA soon too but I'll stay sober.  .IWNDWYT
Good for you. For some of us making that decision to not feel we *have to* do AA is actually a *foundation* of our sobriety...I liked SMART went I went to meetings.
I go to AA and find it really helpful listening to old timers and newcomers gives me hope and they are friendly caring bunch that want the best.  ..I live in the UK so the god asoect is talked about by some but genreally not but spirituality is mentioned.  Something greater than yourself.  ..For me its whatever has stopped the ppl of AA who have been down on their knees to stop drinking.  ..It aint god or maybe it is but nobody is gonna try and tell me one way or another.  
Sucks that it's not working for you I hope you find something that does. When I was in rehab I had to go to a ton of different meetings around the city usually with a few other rehab inmates in tow. I've found that the regulars in the rooms with you make all the difference in the world as their personalities drive the tone of the meeting. Every meeting had it's own "flavor" some were great some were ok and a couple were so toxic that our group left partway through. ..Since then I've been lucky to have found a home group that I just click with. No one there talks down to others no one gives a rats ass what another person's belief(s) or lack thereof are. There is no one person who dominates the room. I've never so much as had a side glance or an evil eye from someone because I'm an Atheist. There's no pushing of religion or "my way is the only way." Everyone there has their own personal beliefs and program and they don't get judged for it. It's very much a "the only requirement is a desire to stop drinking" "take what you need and leave the rest" and "whatever works for you is the right way" atmosphere.  I enjoy the fellowship that we have as a group and I feel safe there with the knowledge that I can voice my thoughts and feelings without someone using their share to preach and talk at me...I really count myself as lucky living in the city means that I have hundreds of different meetings to choose from each week. If I had been limited to just a couple with the type of meetings that you've described I'd probably have said "fuck it" as well.
But OP you HAVE to follow the steps. I mean you don't have to believe in god to have a higher power. Just say your higher power is nature or love or a fucking rock. You know just lie to yourself duh! Listen OP if you don't follow the steps then you're just a dry drunk who has no hope in sobriety. Didn't anyone in a meeting tell you any of this?../s..&amp;#x200B;
[removed]
It's not for me either for many reasons. It's kinda like finding a therapist - sometimes you have to try a few different ones to get a good fit. I find that places like this subreddit and chat groups from other sober authors (This Naked Mind etc) worked better for me. It's nice to have options isn't it? IWNDWYT 
I haven't been to a meeting in 4 years. I'm active on here and that's kept me sober more than AA  ever did. I'm not knocking AA  it's just not for me anymore. I hear you on that.
I am currently listening to the podcast "Take a Break" by Rachel Hart. The current episode #115 she talks about AA specifically regarding "surrender". She has a completely different idea than AA. Putting the power back to the person not alcohol. I am also reading a book called "rational Recovery" by Jack Trimpey. He is very anti-AA or 12 step program. I hope you find what works for you! 
