-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b989gg/i_had_a_drinking_problem/

To this day I have trouble identifying myself as an alcoholic.  I never had a physical dependency on alcohol and never got to a point of drinking every day.  Growing up with an alcoholic father I made sure of the latter - even in college I made a point to take a day or more off when a few drinking nights tied together in a row - and two years ago when I wanted to stop I stopped - even though a freshly opened box of wine was in my fridge which I kept there for when friends came over and never touched until it ran out...&amp;#x200B;..I've read stories here and I am compassionate toward what they reveal and grateful for what they enlighten - but I still didn't feel like I could relate to some of them. (I'm making this face :/ as I type that.)..&amp;#x200B;..So - I would drink once every three months just to keep a toe in the water-turned-wine; even though I wouldn't enjoy it and even though I've learned I enjoy myself a lot more when sober I kept kind of trying this out to see if maybe my brain changed to where it could handle a glass of something without struggling to feel present or hoping I could have that perceived "fancy life" wearing a slinky dress sitting at a vanity (that I don't have) with a glass of white wine (that I don't even like) having a self-composed ball...&amp;#x200B;..Well I did a meditation a few days ago and during it I remembered the time I had sex on the floor of my studio with some guy I just met not even really wanting to or feeling anything during it but feeling a need to "go through the motions"; and the night I gave a man a "burlesque dance" in his apartment while he just watched me in his chair and I knew he didn't really care but was so desperate someone in this world would recognize my talents and deem me special; or the time a guy friend touched my ass and I didn't even notice until he told me and even then I didn't do anything about it or my worth because my brain was too pickled by Zinfandel...&amp;#x200B;..And I just realized - okay even if I may not be an alcoholic I still have a drinking problem.  ..And I would like it a lot more and feel so much more peace and strength and pride if I committed to stop...&amp;#x200B;..So I've done that and I'm very excited and I even told as much to a guy I met at a bar last weekend during a friend's bachelorette party and he said he was impressed and inspired by me and I told him he could do it too if he wanted.  (I swear I don't have guys over all the time and there's been over two years between that one paragraph and this last line - haha!)..&amp;#x200B;..It feels really good to have this resolve and I'm thankful for the open arms here that takes people of all experiences and phases...&amp;#x200B;..I do also want to disclaim that my main issue has been with anorexia and I've noticed a lot of parallels in my recovery from that here and so thank you all for your help there.  Alcohol made me feel free from my dad's alcoholism and my eating disorder - but now I am happily liberated from all of those things and like that a lot more and so I dance in front of my mirror to celebrate my life and get so excited and happy about who I see dancing back.  She's so composed - even without the bathroom vanity and especially without the glass of white!  ...&lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think you are an alcoholic you just seem to not like what alcohol does to you. 
Not everyone that drinks too much or quits drinking is an alcoholic but not drinking is always the healthier option. In my case I just went with  if it quacks like a duck . ..Here's to your progress.   IWNDWYT 
In my mind normal ppl dont think about booze in this way they just drink or dont without any of what you have described.  ..It may be you just worked it out before the yets.  ..I kept a job a car and a house but I had to lose everything else before I worked it out including my sanity and losing the rest of was just a matter of time just a yet waiting to happen.  ..If you think drinking makes your life unmanagable then you are in the right place.  ..Well done you for thinking about it and taking steps to get yourself in a good place.   
