-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9ebxa/reconciling_this_naked_mind_and_speaking_from_the/

First... This is only my opinion on how I react to the book based on my personal experience. If the book has helped you and I know it has helped many then I think that is great and I mean absolutely no offense. This is just my observation...That being said.....I've read most (I'll admit not all) of This Naked Mind based on the recommendation of this sub. There seems to be some okay advice in there and I appreciate hearing her own story as it's relatable for me in lots of ways. ..However most of it really hasn't clicked with me and after a few months of reading this sub and being sober I think I've identified why: she isn't speaking from the I... Or at least not under my understanding of the concept...I think the book can be a tool and framework for examining oneself (like a myriad of other things can be) but she goes further than that in her overall tone and ideas... Basically asserting she knows what you are thinking telling you what your subconscious is doing and how to make yourself rethink your deeply-held assumptions. The scientific studies she cites are probably mostly okay but I know that one doctor she mentions is considered a total fake (head transplants) and that really throws up the parascience flag for me. ..Based on trying hard to speak from the I on here it kind of offends me. Or at least ends up bumming me out as living in a world full of people who don't speak from the I and want to tell me what is going on in my life is certainly a drinking motivation. ..Again if it works for you I'm thrilled. It doesn't seem to work for me yet. I much prefer listening to interviews or reading memoirs of addicts who just share their own story and maybe add a couple bigger lessons from that story but not claiming to know how it is for me. Makes me much happier. ..Any thoughts? Do I seem like I'm being  defensive? I don't expect this to be a popular opinion but hopefully I posed this in a constructive enough way that it is okay. I wouldn't bring it up but I feel it's kind of had a bleh effect on my efforts and figured can't be the only one. Plus I sometimes struggle with these finer points of speaking from the I and would love any insight anyone has on that concept and how it relates to the book. .
----------immediate responses--------

What was most helpful to me in that book was her talking about the ways in which is affected my body and brain. Have you read Allen Carr's book Stop Drinking Now (I think that's the title)? I think she was taking that route but her book was 100% more entertaining to me than his. Who was the total fake she mentioned? I wanna look him up. 
Wasn't my favorite either but that's okay. Good news is there's a whole universe of material on this topic. Stick with what works for you forget the rest. :)
I've never been a fan of This Naked Mind quite frankly. I love that people have found it to be helpful but much like The Doctor's Opinion in the Big Book of AA there's a LOT of pseudoscience or at least scientific claims that have either since or previously been debunked. There's a lot of "feel-good" pop psychology to be had in both but ultimately I think if either work for people then more power to them. I don't reallllly agree with a lot of AA dogma but I still go to meetings have a sponsor and work the steps because it's working for me right now. ..Agree with you too I HATE when people don't speak from the I because this affliction is so complex and is not one-size-fits-all. Don't think you're being defensive at all. I think you had a different valid experience that's worthy of being stated because people like me that agree with you can commiserate and acknowledge that they aren't alone. I encourage you to keep it up!    
I'm about half way through this naked mind and while I'm finding it very repetitive and drawn out there is one huge underlying theme that really resonates with me: you AREN'T powerless. I've always hated the AA mindset not just as an atheist but because of their viewpoint that you have a disease and you are totally powerless. So I really appreciate that Annie takes the opposite approach encouraging empowerment...But everyone has a different world experience so we just need to be grateful that there is such a huge variety of resources out there. Hopefully everyone can find the ones that help them.
I'm almost finished with my first listen and I agree with you! Thank you for putting words to what was bugging me. I don't appreciate the assumption about how many times I've attempted sobriety or what I'm supposedly thinking as she is providing me the information namely because a lot of the time she's wrong. We didn't have the same experience so assuming that we did is taking me out of it. This is also probably just an issue with the audiobook but it sometimes feels like she's speaking to the reader like they're a child. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm excited to try Allen Carr. I've heard she got significant inspiration from him and his delivery is better. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Yeah I'm not feeling it much either as much as I want to! I've recently read Unwasted Blackout and The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober which I much preferred. Worth a read x..Ps any other recommendations are much appreciated   x
I am in the same camp. It didnt speak to me. She speaks of her extensive career in marketing and her knowledge of its inner workings. After that point though whenever she mentioned the "This Naked Mind Approach" I felt like I was being sold a product or brand even after Id bought the book. Don't ask me why but this caused me to be more critical. Ive got enough marketing in my life as is...But if it helps others in any regard than thats a positive...Another recommendation I got from here was Alcohol Explained. I connected more with it as it seemed to speak from a more matter of fact narrative...Different strokes I guess. Best of luck!
