-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9f1cj/bizarre_relapse_dream/

I had a really intense relapse dream last night. I went to a wedding and someone pressured me to drink and I was in a vulnerable place and I took it. By the end of the night I was hiding from the cops because a girl caught me hiding drugs in frozen chicken (wtf?) and ratted me out. I was crying to a police officer about losing my 6 weeks sober when I woke up. ..Just wanted to share. Thanks for reading. Relieved to still be here   
----------immediate responses--------

I had one or two of these dreams as well! During the first week I dreamt I had no control over my actions and went to grab two cases of beer which I proceeded to chug. When I woke up from my dream I actually felt hungover and like a failure. It took a minute to realize that no I'm not hungover and no I didn't drink...It's the first time I've ever felt relief that I didn't drink. Then last night I dreamt I still had a full case in the fridge. I proceeded to grab the beer and empty them down the sink but before that happened I woke up. Once again relieved...It feels great to be in control again
Wow! Glad it was just a dream (and so does the chicken)...Interestingly I think we all have these types of dreams sometime or another.  I don't know what it means - but I am sure it is positive thing because you/we are sober here today to talk about it!! IWNDWYT
I just had one last night.  Had a beer at weird casino ($3$4$18bills).  I wanted to get some shots of Patron but they didn't sell them.  Sometimes I remember I don't drink in the dream sometimes I don't.
No way... i had one of those too. I cant remember specific details but I was really shaken up by it. I was pressured into drinking and felt so ashamed in my dream. I thought it was completely real until I woke up and still i was like "what the hell just happened". At least i know how I would feel if i drink! IWNDWYT dream buddy!
Who amongst us has not hidden drugs in a frozen drugs from time to time?  We do not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it...Seriously I don't enjoy my relapse dreams while I'm having them but it sure is a relief to wake up from them. ..I like to think that they're my subconscious's way of playing the tape for me. Mine get pretty bananas and usually have me on the run.
You ever had a fight dream or one where you're trying to run from something but it's like you're in molasses?..I had a dream just last week where I went to the liquor store. I walked in and grabbed a bottle of bourbon just fine but as I was trying to get to the counter and pay for it...yep everything went into slow mo.  Woke up very relieved.
