-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9kn3c/drinking_alcohol_is_like_pouring_gasoline_on_your/

I look up sobriety quotes on Pinterest which is kind of silly but it's pretty helpful since I'm still a relatively new non drinker and this saying really stood out to me. I just recently realized that since stopping my excessive drinking and blacking out every night I have only had maybe two at most anxiety attacks which is a record for me because for the past three years I have been having panic attacks and temper tantrums almost on a daily basis. I had tried so many herbals essential oils natural nerve pills and while they helped to an extent they were no match for the 2-3 bottles of wine I was downing every night. I literally never stayed sober long enough to link alcohol to my soaring anxiety problems. My routine was basically drink black out wake up and go to work extreme irritability temper tantrums in my work office over something dumb like the printer being slow desperately take "calming herb pills" to ease the tension get into horrible road rage on the way home open the bottle to "relax" from the mental chaos that went on during the day black out wake up every hour through the night and feel horrible at work the next morning. Then repeat the next day...Looking back now it's so obvious my mood swings and ridiculous tantrums were all due to alcohol and the irritability from never having real sleep. Life has been SO more relaxed without alcohol in the picture! Don't get me wrong I still have some anxiety but it is so much more manageable without alcohol fueling the flames. For those of you who struggle with anxiety/depression did you find that quitting alcohol has made a world of difference?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on day 12 of no booze and my anxiety and depression seems lower usually I think about ways to kill myself throughout the day but the last 2 days I havent which is very unusual for me 
Yes my anxiety was so much worse when I was drinking! I thought it would be the opposite but it has not been. I have been way calmer and able to handle situations better!
It's so hard to see when you are in it but once you can think clearly it is so obvious. It's like night and day now. I'm so grateful to be out of that cycle. 
A world of difference is putting it lightly! I put my anxiety on hold with alcohol for years. I drank to feel normal. it worked till it didn't work anymore. now normal stress is completely possible to deal with and anxiety is easily rationalized. 
Ouch - I recognize that daily hamster wheel. Short team release long term prison right?  I have found that I was drinking to mask my social anxiety. I still struggle with that but my overall mood is much better.  I hope to quit my Paxil sometime this year.  All the best everyone IWNDWYT!
Yes! This quote is from my favorite author/blogger Laura McKowen and came from this article https://www.lauramckowen.com/blog/2018/9/19/drinking-alcohol-is-like-pouring-gasoline-on-your-anxiety?format=amp ..I relate so much to this quote I didn't realize how much they correlated until about 3 months in when my anxiety dissolved almost entirely. Pretty crazy that the thing I thought was helping my anxiety WAS the thing keeping me in it. 
Yes! My anxiety and depression are much improved. They are still lurking around the house like spiders in the corners but at least not like a violent couch-surfer who won't budge. I'm so much more acutely aware of what I'm feeling which is very intense sometimes but also is useful to me able to identify and react and redirect my emotions instead of be sideswiped by them. 
This is wonderful! I mean wonderful in that way when something is true in a slappy-type way. ..Your drinking cycle description is like mine. And when I am alcohol-free my anxiety level (and struggle and suffering with anxiety) is significantly lower. ..I sleep thru the night. ..My heart rate is lower. ..Damn thank you!  IWNDWYT
I was reading the long form AA book just yesterday and a quote stuck out for me..."Drinking to numb your anxiety is like hitting yourself in the head with a hammer for your headache"...I'm only on day four almost 5 but today was the first day I could actually do errands and talk to people for short bursts. I have spent years drinking just to feel normal. ..And in order to not have panic attacks while driving I had a 3 beer minimum (which is wrong in so many ways too). Today I drove all over town with no booze which was quite the boost in confidence for making myself feel like death since Sunday. Now if I could just get some sleep...
Yes! I used to use alcohol to make my anxiety go away and as I've gotten older it makes my anxiety so bad that I couldn't drink unless I had a Xanax for the next morning.  So stupid. What was I thinking?
Yes yes a thousand times yes. Just yesterday I was thinking to myself  maybe I don't have generalized anxiety disorder.   I probably do but I have been charting my moods and my anxiety is consistently low to non existent. From feeling like a live wire to normal what a huge difference.  I am only 60 days in and in therapy. Imagine how good I could feel in a year?
From my perspective this sounds totally right. Alcohol amplifies anxiety while telling you the lie that it is helping you to cope with it. I found that I got more and more and more relaxed as the months passed. So much so that I can look back now 14 months later and really see how far I have come. You might be thinking now "Wow this is so great. I feel so much less anxious." I am sure that's true but it gets even better! You like what you feel now? You are going to keep loving it more and more all the time because there is no plateau to the good feelings that sobriety inspires...&amp;#x200B;..I'm also a fan of those sometimes-corny sobriety quotes. They all may emphasize something different or a different angle on why sobriety matters. But don't you find that they all still somehow ring true regardless of our personal history with alcohol? I think that is because they all reflect personal variations on a theme that nonetheless remains universal--the desire to overcome something that crept over us and took control of our lives away from us. Grab a quote take control and hold on! This gets better and better all the time.
Night and Day buddy there are lots of benefits to quitting but lack of anxiety has to be right up there. Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
Starting day 1 of my first ever attempt today.
It's almost like an abusive relationship you keep going back because they're at least there for you when in reality you're better off taking care of yourself without them but it can be hard to see from the inside
I went back to school this year at 33. This speech class I've been taking was wrecking me with anxiety. I did a speech the other day after just a week sober and aced it. Managed 8 minutes and got my first a in the class...Who knew alcohol wouldn't help anxiety? What a concept. /s..Good job on cutting back!
&gt; panic attacks and temper tantrums.Yes.  Preach!!!
If I had known I could feel the way I feel right now I would've quit years ago. It's like dead skin slugged off and I found an optimist underneath me who loves to laugh and seeks to connect. For years it's beeb very much the opposite. I also did about theee months of EMDR therapy before deciding to give the bottle the heave ho. I think that helped me stop leaning on alcohol as a crutch for the anxiety...I took soooooooo many  rem dies  and the ultimate one was to just stop pickling myself.
