-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9lu4m/seeing_studies_about_how_alcohol_brain_damage/

One of the reasons I stopped is to get my mental clarity back. I've been living in intense brain fog since I started. I would post links if they were allowed. I just saw a study in the science sub saying that damage lasts up to six weeks after a single drinking session. I used to think I was back to normal after a week which caused me to relapse. In reality this is not true and the damage takes weeds even months to repair for us ex heavy drinkers.
----------immediate responses--------

Are you not allowed to post the link then ?  
Yep I remember one time following a binge I could not even put words together in my mind! It was really scary. I was worried that it would be permanent.
10 weeks today without a drink... Side affect is that I've become more forgetful..???? 
A little detail I noticed. When you get sent pass codes to your mobile and you're trying to enter the number on the same phone. I had to flip back and forth on the screen because my brain couldn't remember the number. Used to frustrate the hell out of me. ..Now I can remember the number at first glance. Little wins!
I used to think that "back to normal" was getting over the hangover which in one sense it was. The problem is that drinking had greatly lowered the bar on what normal was. Last time it wasn't until about 30 days sober that I began to fully understand just how much damage I had done to my brain.
This is a really big part of sobriety for me. The change in clarity after a few months sober has always been awesome and it's frankly a bit scary how quickly that can be reset. ..One of the most important things for myself is not giving up on that feeling and not taking it for granted. When I drank last month after a few months sober I was feeling so good that I didn't appreciate the damage I was doing. And now a few weeks later I'm slowly starting to come out of the fog again and need to be mindful not to take this feeling for granted. ..There's a great quote somewhere about someone saying they can drink and be at 70% of their potential and that would  be fine. It's the decision to not drink and be at your best at all times that is motivating. ..Thanks for sharing. Keep up the great work!
I'm saving your post.  I hadn't heard about this aspect of recovery before... Pretty sure it'll make for some motivation later on!
The study referred to focuses only recovery of brain structure not function which can take much longer to get back to normal.
The list of damages alcohol inflicts on the human body is growing longer every day. The damage sobriety causes: nothing. With a little clarity in thinking this choice to not drink is seriously an easy decision.
Thanks for your time !
