-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9pqf2/destroying_my_life/

I am back in a cycle of heavy drinking and cocaine use...  .I go through short good patches (usually just because I have run out of money) and then just completely self destruct again...  .Each time is getting worse my life is completely falling apart and I despise the person I am becoming. Yet I still repeat the same mistakes time and time again...&amp;#x200B;..I struggle so much to be sober as I cannot deal with how I feel its like I am going insane...&amp;#x200B;..I cannot see anyway out of this and am utterly desperate...&amp;#x200B;..I just needed to vent this and get it off my chest to people who know what its like...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I understand...It's a vicious cycle.  I was stuck in it...That's the pattern.....   that's the habit........What do you want for yourself?..What would success look like?
You can't see much but total disaster from the epicenter of the shit storm. I spent a long time there but trust me there's ways out. It just takes a lot of effort and willpower.
I was where you were a week ago. Didn't like myself didn't really know why. I realized that the alcohol (a depressant) wasn't helping me feel better about myself it was making me feel worse. My wife convinced me to start a compliment journal. It still isn't fun to write nice things about myself but I'm starting to like myself again. Little by little. Good luck and for what it's worth I will not drink with you today.
This awful terrible hamster wheel is what keeps me sober. I can't ever get back on it. I think we all understand it well. The self loathing nights in bed wondering why I couldn't just fucking stop and the promise that the next day was the new day and it would be different but I was still on the hamster wheel and before I even fucking realized it I was laying in bed again self loathing wondering why I couldn't stop. It was like Groundhog Day on the real. It may not seem like it but this is a good sign. It means deep down you're ready and you recognize that you're in the cycle of death. ..Check out The Naked Mind by Annie Grace and Craig Beck's Alcohol Lied To Me. They are kinda like the pills in The Matrix that help you wake up. After reading these books I had ZERO urge to pick anything else up ever again and knew that I would never touch alcohol again for as long as I live. No will power needed and no urges. I am so thankful that I fell off that hamster wheel and was able to see it for what it really was. ..I hope this helps a little but seriously check out the books. You have nothing lose by doing so..
