-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9ur4w/my_older_dog_fell_off_the_deck/

She has been struggling for a while now but never made a sound.  This past Monday she slipped and fell off the deck about 10 feet. She didn't yelp just got up and walked to the yard and laid down.  Since I don't live there any longer I had to drive across town worried she would be seriously hurt. I get there and she sees me and starts wagging her tail pretty sure I was her favorite person. The drive to the vet with my ex-wife and daughter was quiet and subdued all of us expecting the worst...We get in to see the vet and nothing is seriously wrong from the fall anyway. Her existing problems are probably going to just continue getting worse and worse with more falls inevitable.  We have a decision to make.  And this has to be one of the hardest decisions I've made in the past 2 1/2 years that I've been sober. And the thought of running for a drink to numb my pain my normal reaction in the past didn't ever cross my mind. I see that as growth...Callie is now running in the big yard in the sky well actually she is probably laying under a tree somewhere knowing her.  RIP beautiful girl I will always love you and thank you for being my dog...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry :(
So sorry for your loss :( 
Oh I am so sorry for your loss. I know that is devastating.  She is laying under a big ole shade tree for sure! ..How awesome is it that drinking never crossed your mind?  That is major growth! You go dude! ..IWNDWYT
You gave her Love and a Family.....    that's the Best...The sadness is just another form of the love....
I'm so sorry...When I was in this situation I cherished every moment and took lots of pictures.
So sorry IWNDWYT mercy on her was the best choice to make 
Losing a loved one is hard. I lost my cat a few months back and it hit me hard. 
My dog is 14 and I know his time is coming. Thank you for showing me it's possible to walk through this sober.
I'm so so sorry. That pain of losing a pet is unlike anything else. Well done for not drinking. ..I'm sure Callie would be proud. 
   
So sorry to hear this. One of the most difficult forms of grief there is. My condolences to you and your family. IWNDWYT 
Think if you were drunk when all this went down.
I have a 17yo dog for whom that decision is coming soon. It's breaking my heart. I'm sorry for your loss.
:( sending you continued strength and peace friend
RIP Callie. 
Sorry for your loss. Happy you stayed strong. IWNDWYT 
I'm facing this with my older dog as we speak. One of his back legs seems to have gone lame and started dragging. He can't walk. He's got arthritis and I just can't watch him hurt. So we have to do the same thing. We have to explain it to our 4 year old who just wants to rub him and snuggle all the time. ..This will be the hardest thing I've had to do sober but not being sober would make everything harder to do. ..IWNDWYT
So very sorry for your loss.  She's chasing endlessly thrown tennis balls and squirrels and she's never getting tired   till y'all meet again.  IWNDWYT 
Imagine if you were too drunk to drive to go get your pup or worse drove drunk and hurt someone or killed someone. Who knows maybe youre drunk and passing out and you wake up to a text that your ex wife and kid put your doggo down last night. What an empty feeling that would have been. Your doggo is happy and went happy with her bff near her side. 
I feel for you. A dog of ours recently got run over and suffered a spiral fracture to one leg. We're having to carry him down the steps so he can go outside and control him so he doesn't move too fast once he's on his feet outside then he goes right back into his kennel. (He gets food and water of course..We worried he might have to gave his leg amputated. .I woke up this morning to the thought that I personally would carry him out and then back inside if we could save his leg. .My wife &amp; I have had many pets over the years (25+) we've been together and none of their passings have been easy. 
Rest easy beautiful pupper. Thank you for the time you spent here.
My heart goes out to you in your loss. You provided her a great kindness by letting her go. ..Raising my glass of lime seltzer: To Callie!
I'm so sorry. I recently lost my 12 year old dog too... It's so hard. Good on you for being there for her.
Dogs are like family members it's hard to read them at times when they're suffering. Our dog had problems with her joints in her forelegs. In her final months she made often this silent cry and licked her forelegs. It was hard to watch. She also started to lose the ability to stand on her hindlegs. She looked so helpless and had pains and didn't want to go outside for her needs (we lived in an apartment building). We had to let her go. She was 12 and had outlived all her siblings it felt better to help her out of those pains. Luckily she didn't have to endure them for years more like the last couple of months of her life.
