-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9zzed/im_slipping/

My partner of 6 years suddenly left me. I am struggling to stay away from alcohol even though I KNOW it'll make everything a thousand times worse. Is anyone going through similar? How do you manage to keep alcohol out of the equation? I'm at a breaking point honestly 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about that must've be horrible especially with you not expecting it. My best advice is to think long-term with every decision. You reap what you sow. I would try your best to eat good exercise hangout with friends/family and really dig into your work. Then In however many months your body will be better you'll feel better and be at a better place in your career. Just remember time heals all wounds and each day will get a little better.  It's okay to be sad and depressed right now just keep that light at the end of the tunnel mindset good luck
In the same boat this week has been......a dusey. I've considered it cause what the Hell? Instead I'm just breathing &amp; giving myself timeouts. .It's so so very hard but you're stronger than ya think. 
Remember you are worth being sober. Now is a great time to let other parts of your life flourish. Friendships dreams self care. I have been where you are and it's so so tough. But things change and time helps. Don't be afraid to reach out especially to friends even if you may have had less time for them while you were in a relationship. You got this 
Just imagine what you might do if you get drunk. Imagine how many mistakes you'll make. When you're sober you're in control. I'm very sorry to hear that this happened. I bet you're going through rough times I've been there. But alcohol will only make it worse. Your pain will only be amplified and you will do things you'll regret. Stay sober. Stay strong. IWNDWYT 
When I went through my last break up I was heavily drinking (why we broke up) and sent (maybe literally) thousands of weird texts and calls cause sometimes an alcoholics mind says MIDAS WHALE BURN IT ALL DOWN. .don't drink my dude. Find some friends find a meeting find anything to keep you a little occupied and know it will suck until it doesn't. Best way out is straight through. &lt;3
