-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ba8e4g/warm_weather_trigger/

I'm struggling hard for the first day in a while. Where I'm at the weather today is GORGEOUS and it's perfect weather to sit outside and drink. Spring is here and it's my first one sober. Instead of enjoying the weather I'm kinda crabby--hit me out of nowhere. IWNDWYT even though the weather makes me want to!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Omg I was about to post about the same thing. It's my first weekend not drinking and it's SO nice out.  My husband and kids and I went for a great hike most of the afternoon but as soon as we pulled onto our street we see all our neighbours having driveway beers.  I immediately wanted to join them. ..So  I'm in avoidance mode.  I just came to the grocery store then when I get home I'm having a cold sparkling water getting supper ready maybe making cookies.  Oy.  My husband is over there having a few but he's good at only having a few.  I'm not. ..Anyway  all this to say that I feel ya.  I won't drink with you today.
I hear you!   I live in an urban neighborhood and can hear all my friends who live close to me partying.   IWNDWYT 
Yeah me too. I call it ros  season. Lol. It's been sunny and warm here in TX for a few weeks. It will take a bit but you'll get used to it! Try and make some good sober memories and habits. Early AM walks kayaking picnic farmers markets bike ride kite flying... you get the idea. Hang in there it's just about getting a couple of good sober experiences to get you through it. I guess it's all the  firsts  we have to go through! IWNDWYT 
I can totally relate! My first spring sober in a very very long time. All the good feels and.... I really want a drink. It's hard because I've used every occasion as an excuse to drink. So no big surprise that even before I blinked my first thought was- spring is here let's drink.  *facepalm* it helps that I'm aware that's going to happen with different occasions. But damn it sneaks up on you! 
Grab some alcohol free beers they're actually really great! Pour one into a glass and join the neighbors if you want. They'll never be the wiser.
I'm having the same problem so I totally feel you.  Warm weather and a mountain view at my Airbnb today and all I wanted was to sit in the sun and have a glass of wine....a bottle of which was left in our fridge by our hosts.  Posted about it here and was actually encouraged to pour it down the drain.  It was real hard but I did it and super glad I didn't give in.  It's gonna be a hard season but we can do this!!!!   IWNDWYT!!!!
