-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/badoa8/i_passed_out_yesterday_and_its_terrifying/

This is going to be a long text and I'm sorry but I really need to vent and seek help from you guys who may have had the same experiences..Some context: I can't control myself anymore. I've been drinking for the past 8 years and in the past 2 years my record without drinking is 21 days...Since I've admitted being an alcoholic to my girlfriend and family and getting into treatment with disulfiram the problem seemed to get worst...My family and girlfriend think that I "do not need to stop just moderate". And that is the worst lie that I tell myself that I can moderate. And as many of you may have realized there's no moderation for us trying to stop drinking. You start with 1 beer in a weekend night and soon enough you're passing out again. ..Well since I was going to a psychiatrist 2 years ago and taking disulfiram I thought I would have control. Another lie. I didn't buy disulfiram anymore after I relapse and had the antabuse reaction. ..What I did was stock the prescription the psychiatrist gave me and in the past year I'd take it on Mondays. This way I can go through the week without drinking and drink only in weekends. Wich is another illusion: every weekend I drink I end up really bad and drink even more than I would normally. And then I wake up usually on Sunday nights and take disulfiram out of desperation to stop drinking..This Friday I bought tons of beers because I'd be alone on Saturday and wanted to drink. Well what happened was that I cut my finger trying to open one of the bottles went to the bathroom to clean it but ended up vomiting (luckily on the toilet) lying on the floor and passing out for 6 hours straight. Woke up to a messy floor and an uncleaned cut on my finger - that dried out and looked pretty bad. ..Thing is: 
----------immediate responses--------

It seems that you've got a pretty good grasp on drinking and relaxing that objectively it makes everything in life much worse. ..It's hard to quit. I am glad to hear that you realize alcohol is a bad thing in your life and that it controls you. A great step is to try and quit. ..Maybe just try 30 days of sobriety. That's where many people start. Or even just try the next 24 hours and go from there. ..Sobriety is an ongoing journey that has no end. If even for the next few hours you manage to stay sober that is a huge accomplishment. ..Definitely reflect on your goals and what you think you need to do to be your best self. Take a moment to be honest to yourself and find out what you need to do to be the person you want to be. And I look forward to seeing you around this sub more often. 
Get yourself to a AA meeting.  .I have been where you are.  ..I had a fight with my GF at the time my fault..I woke up the next day on the floor with a broken window a massive gash on my arm covered in blood surrounded by gin and orange...This didnt stop me but was the start of the end.  .8 months later I had lost everything that was important to me and I realised I had to change.  ..Luckily I had been to AA before but wasnt ready this time I knew that in AA I would find my salvation.  .And so far every aspect of my life is a tiny bit better.  .Try not to get to the rock bottom before you realise that sobriety is the way forward.  ..You can get off now...Iwndwyt.  
&gt;What I did was stock the prescription the psychiatrist gave me and in the past year I'd take it on Mondays. This way I can go through the week without drinking and drink only in weekends...Not a doctor but doing this is dangerous. Please see a doctor and be honest about your drinking they are there to help you. ..AA worked for me. There's no doubt in my mind that without AA I'd still be drinking...I wish you all the best 
Similar story here. Tried Antabuse but that drug on its own is not enough to make an alcoholic stop drinking. It can be dangerous as well even if you're only taking it once a week... it does nothing for cravings and the desire it merely acts as a deterrent. Well as we know getting sick has never really deterred an alcoholic!..I would explore adding another treatment option like Campral. It helps with cravings and the anxiety and stress of drinking (for me). Your doctor can elaborate but I know you can take these two drugs together. It might strengthen your sobriety who knows!..You should also start going to meetings and creating a support network for yourself. It's not uncommon for family and friends to not understand that moderation is not an option. They think  I can moderate why can't he? makes sense in principle but not for us. The fact is they don't need to fully understand. You know what you need to do and that's eliminate the option of drinking all together. You're trying which is great - but I know what it's like to need more. You'll get there  
