-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bafyct/breathing_boredom_and_soda_water/

Good morning everyone (from where I'm at)..I'm getting close to 7 days for the first time ever. Yesterday I opened my fridge and noticed my options were Diet Coke and some version of soda water. I could have also made some coffee or tea (I don't really like a lot of sweet stuff).  .This negative attitude hit me about how "boring" my options were and how I wish I could have a beer like a "regular person." I let myself have a little self-pity for a while and then I started googling about how to handle being bored. ..I found this story online about a student who is trying to learn how to meditate/rest and it has really helped me put things into perspective...&gt;A student goes to his teacher and tells him "I'm getting really bored with just feeling my breath coming in and going out all the time. Don't you have a meditation that is more exciting?" The teacher replied "Yes. You are now ready for a greater teaching. Follow me."   .&gt;  .&gt;With that the teacher led the student into a courtyard where there was a large barrel of water saying "Gaze into the barrel."   .&gt;  .&gt;As the student leaned over and looked in the teacher pushed the student's head into the water. He was quite strong and he was able to hold the student under the water even though the student struggled desperately. Finally he let the student come up for air and as the student gasped he asked "So... is that breath boring?"..If I drink alcohol I am in the barrel. I don't want to be there. So I'll take the "boring breath" again. IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the week! Throughout human history people have tried mainly just to survive. I kind of think of boredom as a luxury.  I don't have to farm for my food or chop wood for the winter. I drive to my destination instead of walking 2 miles. I turn to my TV or iPad for instant entertainment.  I like your  meditation story. We all need to appreciate the day and live the life we have. I think helping others is important too; I am working on ways to develop that. Best wishes to you!
That's a gem!..There are daily numerous posts a la "I'm Bored"...I hope others see it!
Hahaha!  I love this.  Way to go on one week   
LOVE this!!! 
