-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bak78i/active_sobriety_is_making_the_rest_of_my_life/

Hi everyone!..Just checking in. I'm in a place right now where I genuinely don't think about drinking (or doing drugs.) It's not appealing. It doesn't occur to me as an option. When coworkers mention being hungover or their plans for the evening that involve drinking I'm not jealous and I don't feel judgmental. I know what that would look like for me and I know that if I tried to do what they are doing I would end up in a very bad place feeling like ass and fucking up my life. I don't know what their drinking is like for them and I kinda don't care. I m doing me in that regard and I am happy with where I'm at. I've explored drinking enough to know what it means for me and I am satisfied that I am better off without it. And I don't know what it means for other people apart from what they tell me...I have reached this point before. This is not my first time getting sober. The last time that I got sober and I reached the point where I am now I thought that it meant that I didn't need to work on my sobriety any more. I thought that I had my drinking problem handled. I wasn't struggling with not drinking so I didn't think that I needed to keep talking about it with other people. I thought that I didn't need support because I was doing fine. ..I was still ashamed of my alcoholism. I thought that it was a fundamental flaw that I have and that it was something that I should just take care of and keep under wraps. I still accept responsibility for my drinking and drug use. It is not something that happened to me I made many choices along the way to get where I am. I am increasingly aware that I'm responsible for things that I did when I was drunk and high. And I'm still circumspect about who I talk to about it. I don't spend a lot of time talking about it with non-alcoholics/addicts. It's not something that I broadcast to the world at large. But my attitude about my alcoholism has changed. I now know that it's something that I need help with and I also know that it's just a problem that I have. It's a problem that other people have and it's okay. ..My experience last time getting sober was that I was fine for a long time and then I gradually stopped feeling fine until I felt completely trapped in my life and alone. By the time I hit that point reaching out for support didn't even seem like an option. I'd lost all sense that it was something that works. Even though getting support on here and in real life was what had made it possible for me to finally get sober getting support had become alien to me again. So I went back to the solution that I already had long established and I relapsed...What I learned from that is that I have to continue to work on my sobriety even when it doesn't seem like a problem. Not because I'm fundamentally flawed as a person or because I'm in danger of losing my mind and going on a bender tonight if I don't but because I need and deserve support in my sobriety. I also need the mirror to my own drinking that I get from listening to other alcoholics talk about their own experiences. I'm a tricky bastard my brain talks a good game. If I let the wheels in my head spin out stories long enough I can and do eventually reach a place where my distorted thinking tells me that chemical escape is the solution to my problems. I can't keep myself honest. Other people keep me honest by letting me hear myself speak when I tell them what's really going on with me and by reminding me what my reality actually is by telling me about their own experiences...A side benefit of continuing to work on my sobriety is that I'm learning how to live my life better in ways that are (seemingly) entirely unconnected to my drinking. ..I'm a couple of months into a new job and like most jobs it involves working in a dysfunctional system with people who have already developed their own ways of dealing with the situation. I've experienced a lot of stress over that. I've taken on responsibility for things that are way beyond my job description. I've shit talked various coworkers with other coworkers. I've grown resentful. And I've thought about just walking out and finding a new job because clearly the problem is the job and not me...I'm a good employee I work hard and I'm performing well. My department is underperforming. The department is getting feedback from customers the general manager and corporate about that. Those are verifiable facts. But because I'm still active in my recovery I'm hearing other recovering alcoholics talk about their experiences with work. I have the opportunity to talk to other people in recovery about work. And I've discussed the situation with my AA sponsor at more length. Because of this feedback I'm able to see that there are also other ways for me to view the situation...What I'm learning from this is that I am also bringing things to the table. I am an actor in this dynamic as well. The ways that I am approaching the situation are still fairly similar to ways that I've approached situations in the past. Those approaches didn't fix the situation and they didn't help me and they left me in a position where I felt powerless and stressed and drinking made sense. ..Part of the problem is that I'm taking on responsibility for things that are not my responsibility and that's taking a toll on me because I don't have the authority to effect change or the rewards of managing those responsibilities I just have extra work and extra stress. ..I'm also assuming that I know things that I don't know about what my coworkers are doing and what their work entails. Not only am I assuming that I know how things  should  run and how things  should  be fixed I'm assuming that I know the full story of what's actually going on. I'm trying to make myself feel better by judging my coworkers and gossiping about the work that they're doing. Me shit-talking people who I work with doesn't do anything to fix the problem it's just a way for me to feel self-righteous and justified in my resentments and it's ultimately damaging to both my relationships at work and my inner wellbeing. ..I'm also not communicating directly with the customers about what's going on when I don't have the full answer I'm waiting until I can get the full answer to update them. I'm not admitting what I don't know and I'm not admitting my lack of power and control in the situation. I'm so afraid of passing the buck and making excuses that I'm just not being honest and I'm avoidant when I don't have a solution or an answer. And I'm not approaching my coworkers who *do* have the answers and asking them for help. ..I was talking with my sponsor about that this morning and she suggested that I approach my coworkers and ask for their help with this. She suggested that I straight up just ask the people who are completing the work what I should tell the customer. I've been stressing about how to get the work done and resentful about seeing people on the internet on their phone and just generally goofing off when I've got customers waiting and she suggested to me that I approach them with the problem that I'm experiencing and ask for their help. ..It's so simple and so genius. It keeps me from mentally trying to play God and manage the situation. It allows me to accept the reality of the situation as it is and it helps me provide better service to my customers by communicating with them accurately. I can't control how and when their work is done but I can give them information about what is actually happening and what they can expect. And that would help me feel better about the job that I am doing and the service that I am providing regardless of what anyone else does...So that's where I'm at these days. I'm learning that sobriety is about a lot more than not drinking and I'm also learning that staying active in my sobriety helps me with more than staying sober it helps me live my life. Which I guess *is* what helps me stay sober - I don't feel like I need to drink to handle my life because I'm living my life in a better way than I ever was when I was drinking and I have support in dealing with my problems. I hope that you all are well and I send my love...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

It's amazing how much more difficult life was drinking...Incredible work!
Thank you Ginger! I can relate. Your last sentences describe where I'm at too. And I also have to keep working on my sobriety. Just for the reasons you describe. Thank you for sharing and it's nice to read you again! I'm glad you are doin well. Sending love back and IWNDWYT.
Awesome post!
&gt;What I learned from that is that I have to continue to work on my sobriety even when it doesn't seem like a problem. Not because I'm fundamentally flawed as a person or because I'm in danger of losing my mind and going on a bender tonight if I don't but because I need and deserve support in my sobriety. I also need the mirror to my own drinking that I get from listening to other alcoholics talk about their own experiences. I'm a tricky bastard my brain talks a good game. If I let the wheels in my head spin out stories long enough I can and do eventually reach a place where my distorted thinking tells me that chemical escape is the solution to my problems. I can't keep myself honest. Other people keep me honest by letting me hear myself speak when I tell them what's really going on with me and by reminding me what my reality actually is by telling me about their own experiences...Your whole post is beautiful but that paragraph in particular resonated with me. I appreciate your sharing. ..&amp;#x200B;
You're a valuable member to this community. I take a great deal of your insights to heart. I can't remember who posted about the difference in sober time vs time in recovery but you reflect the sentiments justly...My sober time looks small next to my name (no life shattering relapses just lapse in judgement) but my time spent in my recovery just  passed two years. You've reminded me of all the pieces of myself I've recovered in that time and the pieces of myself I've let go as they are no longer of use to me. Being honest with myself and letting go of stubborn mentality has proven to be the biggest challenge in all this. ..I am also working on asking for help being vulnerable and accepting that I cannot hold the weight of the world on my own. Being honest I never really wanted to I just didn't know how to say so...Glad you're well!!! Until next time  
Wow what you said about asking coworkers for help is powerful. I play God a lot at work too taking on more than I should feeling bad about delegating and then I actually end up bottlenecking things. I think my shame about having been a lousy employee when in active addiction makes me misunderstand what living amends are supposed to be so I knock myself out and it's unsustainable of course which leads to resentment...etc. etc.
Hi Ginger your post just has so much meaning for me. It also is explicit about stuff that I have been trying to come to grips with in a work scenario...A situation has recently arisen which totally impacts my future role. I have zero control over how the situation rolls out and only a small modicum of influence. It has been an interesting experience for me to accept that I truly do just have to wait and see how it plays out...I did reach out to a few people who are in a position to strongly influence what happens. That was a terrific experience although still a little freaky as the outcome remains uncertain...I am learning to sit with that uncertainty....not sure that I'm lovin' it but I'm still here  ..Great good luck to you as you work on new ways of being in the world. Delighted to hear from you and sending you peace  
