-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bam30g/first_post_ever/

Struggling to find a community as a young 30 year old. 24 hours without a drink and not craving anything. excited to start working on myself.
----------immediate responses--------

28 here welcome! Remember to be kind to yourself. ..I will not drink with you today  
I am not but I read many posts and most seem to be from 25 to 45 year old's. So you are right in the middle.
Welcome! Wishing you the best!
&gt;excited to start working on myself...Glad to hear you're having that realization. The whole jonesing-for-a-drink isn't actually what happens. ..For me it's just excitement about improving yourself bit by bit and seeing progress every day instead of postponing it into forever that never comes.
[removed]
[removed]
Hello I'm 30 as well and this is my 3rd day sober. 1st Sunday Im not really out of it and planning on  a few beers just to be able to sleep. Still don't feel great though hope you sleep better than I will tonight! Good luck!
31 here best decision I've ever made
30 here! You're not alone! 
way to go!!
33 and I go to AA. You'd be surprised. I really recommend giving it a shot (a couple different meetings). 
Also 30. SD has been my main source of support for quitting. Glad you are here come back and interact with this sub as much as you like and find helpful! IWNDWYT
30 here as well! Cheers! 
I'm also 30 this is a great community for me :)
Also 30 and drank my last bottle on Friday. I've never been so ready to leave this behind me... Welcome! Let's do this! 
24 here and on day two! Hoping to get to at least two months sober and from then on only having a very rare occasional drink 
31 and right there with you! 
Welcome to the subreddit you can do this! IWNDWYT!
Welcome! I've found that when it comes to community this sub reddit is the best of the best. Happy to have you with us.
I'm 25 and decided I'm quitting indefinitely. Welcome
Yeah sweating and even though I was dead tired I could not fall asleep. It was like my body was still trying to keep me from passing out. The few snatches of sleep I would get I would instantly have these intense dreams. Doesnt make for a very restfull night.
Hey 20 here welcome!
30 here. Today is (another) day one for me. Wish I could have stopped when I was much younger but we are here now doing what we need to do!
