-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/barcs7/rstopdrinking_pro_tip_review_your_post_history/

Often times this sub can feel like strangers passing in the night. I make a comment read some posts and then it seems like there's a totally new set of comments postsand people the next time I'm here. But that isn't the case often these are the same people but I just don't recognize their usernames!..If you look through your comments you may re-discover a post that hit you right in the feels inspired you or made you want to reach out to somebody to show them support. You can leave a follow-up comment a month later to say you tried the advice they gave you or that just to check-in with them. At the very least I often realize that some of the people here are people I've seen before and it's a great reminder of the struggles I've been through as well. I'm going to try and make this a more regular part of my practice here you never know when one comment or a smile can make somebody's day : ). Hope y'all are doing well and being kind to yourselves &lt;3 IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

This is such a lovely sentiment. Yesterday someone who was struggling reached out to me and I gave back to them the same way many gave to me when I was starting my journey...Sometimes all it takes is a short message to someone who's struggling to help them realise that it's worth it...Those messages can make all the difference. We are a team and we will beat this as a team. Sending my usual positive thoughts from Ireland...Stay strong everyone!.. 
Good idea! I've commented on some inspiring posts and this will be great to find them again in my times of need :)
I agree! I've been here off and on for years and sometimes it feels like I know no one. Other times it feels like home. I will go back and read through some of my posts. I like the idea!!..Have a great day in Ireland! I'll join you not drinking today. 
This is a wonderful idea. IWNDWYT  
Great idea!  :) 
This is a great post thank you for sharing! I've been on SD off and on for five years now (under a different username at first) and I've developed some strong long-term relationships with people on here. But there are people on here who aren't active anymore who I'd love to get in touch with I'm going to follow your advice and scroll back through my post history and reach out. Thanks!
Great post! Thank you for sharing :)
