-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/barw4j/i_dont_have_another_relapse_in_me/

Saturday I almost finished a handle of vodka. Sunday morning I went to the kitchen and poured the rest out in the sink. Today is day 2. No matter what I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job. IWNDWYTD 
Great move :)...One of the questions I've been asked after relapsing is: what will I do differently this time?..I had to step up my game; I went to meetings increased my sober support network absorbed all that I possibly could about alcoholism made frequent visits to my doctors/counselor etc....You don't *have* to have any more relapsing my dear this could be your bottom and the only way from here is up ;).
Good job IWNDWYT. I have poured out so many bottles of vodka. I always joke that the only thing more expensive than being an alcohol is being somebody who is trying to quit drinking. But you know what? It's money well spent!
When I once brought home a bottle of crown I managed to finish it alone over Friday evening and Saturday. The enormity of what I'd done hit me on Monday. Even scarier was the fact that no part of my brain told me to stop when I was self destructing to a slow painful death. One of the reasons I wanted to get sober. I saw a lot of this in my future if I continued. Scary stuff! Good for you that you are recognizing your body's limits. Stay sober my friend. IWNDWYT 
not that I have the desire to drink but I too do not have another relapse in me - I'm 33 I've used up all the help I can get up to this point while being able to maintain a sense of dignity ..another relapse would be extremely devastating in all facets internally and externally 
I'm with you here. I really feel like this is the time it's different. Something clicked. I have an actual plan instead of just hoping for the best. I also don't have it in me to let my husband down again I really don't. .I'm proud of you for pouring it out. IWNDWYT  
IWNDWYT
Good job! IWNDWYT
Congrats - that's an awesome move to make. :)
Good job on pouring that poison down the drain! One day at a time really helps me. I just don't feel like I can take a relapse again myself. I hang on to sobriety so tightly now! IWNDWYT
You can do this!  Every relapse I have feels worse than the last.  Play the tape forward.  IWNDWYT
The hardest thing for me was trying to do this alone. I didn't know about this sub so I finally went to AA after I was beaten. That will be six years ago in two weeks and I've never felt better. The people there understood exactly where I was and what I needed to do to get from that awful lace to where I am now. I urge you to give it a try. 
Two great choices! IWNDWYT
Me neither! More power to you! I found that what worked for me is to commit to go to any lengths to not pick up that first drink. ..IWNDWYT!
Reset that badge fam  
