-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bauk97/relapse/

It happened again. DUI. I said it never happen again. It did why? Because ai never listened the first time or because I didn't listen well enough?..Everything worked the classes the interlock. I just got lazy careless and selfish again. It was all about getting home. Just like last time. Getting home. Easy way to lose your home is a DUI. I dont like alcohol I dont crave it but I've proven to myself twice that I dont know how to use it...Why drink? Triggers like I learned from the first DUI class. Triggers. But car accidents dont care about triggers. I'm really depressed right now. Even suicidal to be honest. And that speaks to the triggers loner thinking you can fix and take care of everything...Was never a problem drinker till about 3 years ago. Got in trouble stayed sober for a year and a half. Past few weeks I've been back on the hard stuff. Lonely drinking mostly indoors but this time I drove thinking I sobered up. Was wrong again 2 points off according to the breathalyzer...The drinking is probably masking other issues. Maybe alcohol isn't for me in any shape or form...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I saved this for when that convidence creeps back in. You are not alone. I just scheduled my first Couseling appointment this morning. Sometimes it takes moments like these to finally pull us into the light. 
[removed]
I have been in the same headspace you are in.  Don't give up.  You are a worthwhile human being and things will get better.  We are here for you.  Remember this one incident doesn't erase all the good you have done in your life.
It's not worth it. Keep looking forward the past can't be fixed. You will get better x
Loneliness is one of the worst feelings there have been times when I thought it would kill me. Hang in there whether this is just a rough patch or something bigger just know that the loneliness can and will subside. I wish I had something else to say - but this anonymous internet friend wishes you well.
Don't give up we want you here x
