-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bavy78/i_think_i_was_happier_when_i_was_drinking_or_is/

I'm 14 days sober. I'm having major ups and downs in the past few days. The first week and a half were great and I have never felt that good. Now I am doubting myself thinking about all the time I wasted drinking and really struggling to see a future for myself. When I was drinking I did not get these feelings at all. Did anyone else experience similar?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I think that's a pretty common feeling. I always hear people say that alcohol masks all our emotions so the good and the bad. So with sobreity you can expect to feel more of the good emotions but also the bad and many of us have used alcohol to hide away from the bad emotions but that lead to us losing the good emotions in our lives as well. Overall I think it is an adjustment learning to actual deal with emotions again but it's part of the human experience. Keep up the good work. IWNDWYT
Yes it seems to be very common. I disliked having to face reality. But it is a good thing for me really because now I can fix problems instead of ignoring them.
Yeah I had that thought.  It is such a weird one.  I wasted so much time drinking and that feels bad...so I should waste more time drinking...Drinking away bad thoughts was my primary coping mechanism and it took a while to learn new ones.  And the crappy part is that during the adjustments those bad thoughts are still there waiting for some response.
You were numb when you we're drinking. I don't think when you're really in the thick of it you can feel much of anything. At least that's how it was for me. It was just running from something all the damn time...Now I do feel all the things. It's very jarring to truly feel all the negative shit because that's why I would drink myself into stupors. The moment I had my first shitty day I wanted to be like fuck it...but you know...now that Im sober I have so many more good days than bad. ..Compared to more bad days than good when I was drinking. So I will take it.
I agree very much with the previous two comments. My slightly off topic add is this; in my experience life with alcohol is lived in the high spectrum of emotions and overall feeling of intensity. Life with alcohol creates big spikes in feelings up and back down and up and back down etc. Without alcohol we don't reach the same peaks but we don't go down as low either. It took me a minute to be cool with this idea but the next thought helps. If you look at feelings like a wave (a sine wave) moving up and down the positive and negative spectrum of life a life with alcohol goes up and down very rapidly to very high and very low points and who knows where in the +/- spectrum it spends most of its time. A life without alcohol has lower peaks and higher valleys while also not going up and down as quickly (wish I had the images as reference). Now that its moving a little more predictably we can start to focus on making sure it stays centered somewhere just above the zero point on our imaginary good/bad plus/minus scale. I find myself now having my center of living more on the just positive side than on the negative side but it definitely still has its ups and downs. Having lived the life I lived to get here I'm pretty satisfied with a general feeling of happiness and consistently more time in the good than the bad and that's enough for me. I spent some time worrying about each up and each down and that turned out to not be good for me. I'd be hard on myself if I had a bad day and feel so good on good days that I'd end up worrying the feelings would eventually fade. In a way I couldn't handle my own success and it created a fear in me of losing it. It wasn't until I got comfortable with bad days that I really took off. If I'm having a bad day I know that most likely tomorrow or soon will be better. And if I know it will get better eventually then its not so bad right now. And if its not so bad right now I start not having as bad a day anymore. I'm just okay with having an off day and don't get too worried or upset about it. My reaction to the bad day is more important than whether or not the day is good or bad. Anyways just some ideas.
For now. Give it time if you look deeply you might see the truth. That alcohol was the antidote to itself. ..We drank because we were sad anxious depressed hurt suffering. And we were sad anxious hurt suffering because we drank. ..We drank because it scratched the itch. The itch was caused because we drank. ..Sobriety is opting out of that cycle.
You have the perception of being happier when you were drinking because alcohol was the source of pleasure and happiness for your brain. Now that you have quit your brain doesn't have the chemical it relied on for happiness so naturally you don't feel as good. This is the very nature of addiction. It is very common to feel flat and depressed in early recovery for this very reason.   .Your brain chemistry needs time to balance itself back out. For every day you do not drink your brain will slowly replenish the "feel-good" neurotransmitters that alcohol had once replaced.    .    .Two weeks is an amazing accomplishment but you are at the tip of the iceberg my friend. It can take many months for our brain to return to it's balanced state. Exercise can be a useful tool in the healing process by increasing the endorphins in your brain and help it heal.
I'm experiencing exact same thing right now at almost a month. That said my life also fell apart in the last six months for reasons unrelated to drinking. Drinking numbed the depression and facing my emotions now feels like too much most of the time. I was miserable when I was drinking and am now miserable while sober. I don't know what the solution is. I'm getting to the point where I wish alcohol had killed me because I can't see a future for myself anymore.
That is just your subconscious trying to lure you back to drinking.  Yeah the years spent drinking were a waste of time not to mention extremely bad for your body. Spending time now thinking about that though makes no sense.  Take the new alcohol free you and move forward.  Lots of people drank in the past and just pass it off as the wild/crazy years.   It's nothing to focus on.  Just because you did something unhealthy before doesn't mean you should continue doing it.
