-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bayab6/ive_slowed_down_my_drinking_considerably_but_all/

In the last few months I've made a considerable effort towards quitting. I used to drink every night 4-8 shots of whiskey a night (I'm 5'0 and less than 100 lbs). Last month I only drank 15 out of 31 days and I've finally switched over to only drinking on Friday and Saturday and never weeknights. But my symptoms feel so bad I don't even understand the point. I am tired ALL THE TIME. I'm so fucking tired day and night and then when I try to go to sleep I can't and I just lay there with my brain going a thousand miles an hour. Even if I take sleeping pills and go to bed at 8 PM I STILL wake up just as tired and spend all day just as tired. ..Nothing I do seems to help. I feel so delirious and confused all day and I can't stop crying at my desk. If I drink coffee I just get shaky and anxious. I can't think I can't talk I can't function like this. At least I could sleep when I drank. I don't know what to do. I don't know how long this will last. I already struggle with depression and anxiety. I feel like I'm losing my mind. I just want to sleep all the time. I don't know how to live when the only relief I feel is being unconscious. What am I even living for?..I just want to enjoy the feeling of being alive. I don't know what to do. Has anyone else had withdrawal like this? I thought the first few days would be the worst but they were not that bad and everything after has been a nightmare. It can't go on like this.
----------immediate responses--------

You're putting your body through hell drinking poison 2-3 days a week and withdrawal gets worse each time (look up the kindling effect). I started getting better sleep after a couple weeks of abstinence. The fatigue and irritability and fog lifted sometime in month 2. It took a lot of time to so do the damage and it takes a while to heal. &amp; healing takes energy as well...Good luck. You can do this.
There's a real problem with what you're trying to do here... you're half in and half out and your brain doesn't know how to handle this. This is why you're experiencing constant withdrawal. There's a free eBook you can get which will let you understand just how alcohol changes our thinking and behaviour and if you read that you'll see how you've placed yourself in no-mans-land in terms of recovery. You're doing it hard they way you are going. This will help explain it:  [https://lyingminds.sixboats.co.nz/alcoholism-in-a-nutshell/](https://lyingminds.sixboats.co.nz/alcoholism-in-a-nutshell/)
If you can afford consider visiting a doctor/specialist.There are some medications that can help lessen your symptoms I believe my father used to take valium.You don't have to go through this hell cold turkey when there are medical professionals that can help you.In any case best wishes to you and stay strong !
When I was younger I used to only drink on Friday and Saturday night.  Half a liter of southern comfort  Sunday night I drank nothing because I had to get up and go to school on Monday.  The thing is that every time I drank nothing I was awake all night sweaty and shaking and just generally afraid. Eventually I realized that I was having withdrawal/DT symptoms. It was really the turning point where I went from drinking too much to actually being addicted to alcohol and it scared me because I was only 16 at the time. Eventually I stopped drinking all together because I was so afraid of the withdrawals. It sucked after that because it happened every time I drank from then on. It really fucked up my drinking. I didn't stop until nearly 20 years later and that is another story entirely  but anyway I just wanted to share my experience and let you know that you're definitely not alone in feeling that way.  Peace and love to you.
It is time to talk to your doctor.  Don't worry about seeing him or her plenty have sought and gotten medical help for alcohol issues including this writer.
I admire the painstaking effort you've put into taming the beast. ..At a certain point for most of us it just becomes clear that the wild son of a bitch will never come to heel. Letting it go completely is a greater gift for yourself than can ever be explained by someone else. ..You can get used to sobriety. Trying to take the beast will **always** be torture.
My heart breaks for you reading this. I'm so sorry you feel so horrible. You are on a dangerous path by keeping your body in constant withdrawal. Your brain can't understand and your body can't handle. I hope you have the possibility to see a doctor. They can help you with the withdrawals safely. I'm sending you a big virtual hug and I hope you can get out of this cycle!! Take good care.
I really want to just be able to drink like a normal person and not have to quit entirely but I guess I won't be able to transition in to that like I want based on what everyone is saying so I guess I will have to stop drinking. It's hard because I can't have fun like a normal person without it because I have incredibly bad anxiety. I guess I'll just have to stop going out too. I feel like the rest of my life is just going to be me alone in my house with my dog just fighting the urge to drink out of loneliness or boredom. My best friends are alcoholics. And my dog has special needs which make it difficult to go anywhere or do anything anyway. I'm trying so hard to get healthy but I don't have the money or time to go into treatment and I don't want my family to know not that they'd be able to help me anyway. I have no partner to help me through anything. I just want to stop feeling bad all the time.
I'm in here twice didn't want to edit my previous post cause it will help someone as-is...But hang in there. Everyone is different so don't set your mind on someone else's timeline of when things leveled out for them. Accept that this is the shitty hard part...It ends. You endure it. You look back on it. It becomes it's own reason for not relapsing.
While  it is admirable to reduce your alcohol consumption.  It does sound  like  it would be better to stop drinking all together.  As for your feelings  that  only drinking  will provide  you with any happiness the fact you want to quit  is your real key to a better life. .Perhaps you might try AA. They don't  cost anything. Your sleep  patterns will get better  the longer you are sober. As for moderation it is much too difficult  for me. Too much planning  too many choices too many defeats and failures.abstinence is all I  am  able to do
I get shaky and anxious from coffee too unless I eat something with it. You could try caffeine pills instead? I take one in the morning with breakfast. No shaky and anxious feelings.
Alcohol is to depression and anxiety as saltwater is to thirst.    .    .Alcohol withdrawal lasts peaks in 3 days and lasts 7-10 days overall. You're keeping yourself in perpetual withdrawal by binging on the weekends. No wonder you feel anxious and depressed. If you quit drinking completely you're brain chemistry will eventually return to normal.
