-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bb6fr8/a_good_starting_point/

Hey guys...I've been struggling with addiction since I started drinking alcohol like 10 years ago I was a serial binge drinker as a teenager but never craved alcohol...When I found out I was pregnant 7 years ago I went sober with no problems and stayed sober for 18 months then started to go out fairly regularly with friends just a few hours a night a few times a week but would never drink home alone...In 2014 I got really overweight and put it down to booze and quite drinking without thinking much about it lost loads of weight felt great - I can't remember why I started drinking again. Probably to be social?..Then I became a bit too much of a party animal and in November 2016 got so trashed one night that I missed a whole weeks worth of work and lost all my overtime for the month so I vowed to quit drinking completely which I did very successfully bar one night in January where I won a bottle of wine downed the whole thing after convincing myself that I would only have a glass and ended up vomiting in my sleep I probably could ha e choked to death on my vomit if my partner hadn't been there...So I stayed sober until March (I'd quit smoking again too!) 2017 when my mom died very suddenly and I was drinking up to a liter of rum a night or three bottles of wine or 10 beers so on and so forth..The shock and initial grief was my excuse but it got me in the dreaded back habit - drinking at home and drinking alone...A lot of things came to light after the death and I have struggled immensely with panic attacks hemiplegic migraines disassociation with reality a miscarriage - LOTS of things going wrong and I KNOW the drink is making it worse but at best I think I have gone 3 weeks since March 2017 without drinking then I get so proud of myself I celebrate with a drink like a moron...I went to a wedding on Saturday and overdid it again my partner was angry at me because I was meant to be staying sober and driving instead I dropped my car off after the taste of the champagne toast and pretty much got wasted leaving him to watch our son while I had fun and ignored his needs - the fact that I put drink before my son or my partner that night has convinced me it's gone too far I'm determined to quit properly this time..I've done it before and I just need to keep doing it - who has any advice for a good starting goal?..I have read this naked mind and thought it was amazing but the message quickly exited my head after a week or two. Alan Carr's easy way to stop drinking didn't do much for me at all...What about when there is trauma? Not just a bad day at work but it was the sudden death of my mother then the horrible things that came to light after that triggered my spiral down and even had me smoking again after being quit for 6 months...If I tell myself off the bat that I'm never drinking again I get a bit scared like I have commitment issues...One of my main driving forces is wanting to be the amazing mother I was a few years ago and wanting another baby (or two or three or four). I need to save money and I've lucked out in an opportunity in my career that will quickly evaporate if I keep letting drink cause my mental health to decline so much that I end up off sick...So yeah. Not sure how to finish this..This is day 3 drink free for me so far... I want to make it to at least 300!.I think once I get to 100 I'll find it easy from there it was easy from 30/40 before......?
----------immediate responses--------

I'd just like to begin with saying that I'm so sorry for your loss. I lost my partner a few years ago myself and found it hard to cope without alcohol too so I understand where you're coming from. I lost him to a drunk driver ironically only minutes after switching places with him in the car on our way home from a relatively long road trip. I remember him insisting that it was his turn to drive and after putting up a bit of a fuss I moved over to the passengers seat he he got into the drivers seat. We got hit a bit later and I lost him so the guilt of that was overwhelming. I know no two losses are alike but I just wanted you to know that you are not the first ( nor will you be the last ) to use alcohol as a coping mechanism. That doesn't make you a bad person it makes you a person that succumbed to a bad coping method. It happens and guilting yourself into thinking that you're any less of a person will only make this harder...The best place to start would most likely be with your partner followed soon after by your doctor. Tell him your concerns tell him what you think you might need from him going forward ( emotional support a bit more time to reflect maybe even a bit more help with your son in the initial stages ) and be 100 percent honest about the amount you've had to drink and what you plan on doing about it. Come up with reasons why you both believe it's best that you quit. You're lucky in that you have a partner to see you through and a child to help you see what you would like to work towards as well as to give you an extra laugh here or there when you need it...Next would be to go see a doctor. Don't bother sugar coating anything. Tell the absolute truth and commit to regular visits. They can even refer you to specialists if they feel out of their depth and can definitely help give you something for the first little while if medication is recommended for withdrawal or mental health...I really wish you all the best. You CAN do this...IWNDWYT
The one thing I read is that you know how to be sober. Been there; done that. So just go back and remember how you did it. Work what works for you. Worry about later down the road. Good luck on your journey. Keep looking to SD for help. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry for your loss. Every time you go back to sobriety you get better at it and you learn from your mistakes. Sometimes previous attempts that make us feel like failures actually set us up for success. Don't be afraid to go to a doctor or counselor if you need or want to. Grief and discipline don't always for together without some extra work and help. Good luck friend I think 3 days is a great starting point!! ..IWNDWYT
