-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bb7m89/day_11_and_feeling_relief/

Today is my Day 11. I'd been drinking for 25 years and haven't had a stretch of sobriety this long in 16 years. My last 10 years were consistent heavy nightly drinking. But here I am on Day 11. Feeling peace and relief that I can do this. I've moved away from the routine of planning when to buy more wine and vodka and watching the clock for that appropriate time to start drinking spending the evening in a alcoholic haze not remembering going to bed and waking up feeling terrible and disgusting and with that sense of dread that there were moments I don't recall about the prior evening. I just don't do any of that anymore...It's not just the drinking but the whole lifestyle necessary to accommodate the drinking that's changed. I feel like a weight has been lifted and it's such a relief. ..Thanks everyone for your support. I'm grateful for this community. And for everyone struggling with quitting please know it's worth it. You deserve peace and freedom too.
----------immediate responses--------

Great work!  We're here for you!  We care about you. ..IWNDWYT
You're doing great! I can't wait to get to day 11. IWNDWYT 
That's awesome! Keep up the good work. I'm struggling with it myself and today is my new Day 1 unfortunately...I'm inspired to stop as well and will look forward to feeling the relief again after waking up like a zombie like I did today...IWNDWY
Good work! I'm one day behind you and I feel incredible...Keep it up! Your story is far too familiar we are all going through the same situation...IWNDWYT!!!
So happy for you! Iwndwyt
Great job! I'm also doing my best to change. I just hate re learning how to cope without alcohol in a healthy manner.
Great work keep it up.  I remember that feeling and it happened around the 10 or 11 day mark for me as well. Today I hit 100 days and feeling great. It really does get easier so try to stick with it.  IWNDWYT
A familiar story. Well done happy day 11  
Great job! It's a great feeling isn't it? The more I looked into it and saw alcohol for the health- and life-destroying poison that it is the easier the decision became for me. I don't feel like I'm missing out because on the one hand why would I put poison in my body with no real upside; but also because I so obviously feel better without it. I feel like people look at sobriety as being deprived but it's the opposite: it's choosing to actually super-boost your life. In that sense it's really exciting!
Having the feeling of the weight being off is SO good! All that ridiculous planning we did to accommodate the alcohol is gone. Great work!
Good job!
I feel pretty good after day 9. I honestly have no urge to drink. I can't remember the last time I went this long. My weekend was... confusing. ..I woke up at like 8 not hung over. So I got up and tried to keep busy by cleaning the house. Did most of the house and it was 11:30 when I'd normally be rolling out of bed after sleeping off my morning drink that I downed when I got it to pee at 5 or 6. Days seem a lot longer when I'm not buzzed all day.
Great job!!! I'm a few weeks in and every day just gets better and better. IWNDWYT!
IWNDWYT
Great post thanks for the inspiration...Day 9..IWNDTWY
It is self empowering isn't it? IWNDWYT.
