-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bb8oj3/thinking_im_cured/

It's been a year and a few months since my last drink (12/31/17). Lately I've been finding myself thinking I can start drinking again - I've gone long enough without a drink so maybe I'm "cured" and will no longer have an issue stopping. If I've stopped for over a year I can stop again right?..Then I think about what my rules would be. When would I drink? How much? How often? But if someone needs to plan all this out and they're having these obsessive thoughts about it it means they're not "cured" and maybe this isn't something that has a cure. Right? Or am I overthinking this?..I guess I've been struggling with whether I'm a problem drinker who went through a phase after college of binge drinking but can move on and drink normally or if I do have a problem with moderation and am an alcoholic. I won't know without relapsing so why not start drinking now to see how I deal? Then again I'm terrified of the unknown so why even try?..Hoping for some clarity or advice from others who have thought this. I can't tell if I'm rationally thinking this through or if I'm an addict and it's an addicts brain talking and I feel myself slipping into sadness and confusion...Thanks fam.
----------immediate responses--------

if alcohol did to you what it did to me i can say that you are not thinking rationally.  this type of thinking is typical of the alcoholic mind.  i've heard it said that alcoholism wants me alone in a room with a bottle and will tell me anything to get me there.
If i was wondering if i am cured &amp; coming to SD to ask then inside i think i would know the truth im not. I will never be. Its not the substances it me. Ive had a me problem since before i drank. The tough part is to accept this or not.
 Not drinking is my cure... the one I take daily to maintain my condition.  This assures me a full and happy life.  So.. I won't (oh so gratefully) be drinking with you.  I love the way the saying goes-   **I'd rather spend the rest of my life believing I'm an alcoholic than spend it drunk believing that I'm not.**  I'm so relieved to have made it here to this point... I surely wouldn't enjoy a repeat session of the last several months even though it's been miraculous and all I'm pretty sure the new and ever brighter miracles to follow this will more fun in the looking forward and building on into the future parts than going back to the beginning and repeating myself.
If I drink I know I will lose control and go back to the nightmare.  And I read all the posts here of others who tried to moderate and then it went wrong.  Those posts confirm what my heart says: I can't moderate.  And I'm scared to try.  It wouldn't be fun...Best wishes to you!
If you're posting this question here I think you know the answer. You shouldn't look at this as a disease that can be cured. It's something that will always be with you. Whether it's lack of control an unhealthy addiction or blackouts and memory loss. If you had a problem with alcohol it cannot just vanish. Consider alcohol your archenemy. Consider yourself allergic to it. Staying sober is the only cure there is. IWNDWYT
I am cured in the sense that I feel like I did before I started drinking--it doesn't feel like me and I want "me" more. But as that person I was before I am not cured from being susceptible to addiction again. I was always susceptible if given the right drugs and I probably always will be. .."Cured" means I feel at home again finally and I don't want to give it up and I *definitely* don't want to fall into the hole again. I might never be able to find the door again--I'll never forget how long it took me to find it and how much it took for me to walk through and commit to healing. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is the better way for me a way with infinite potential. I don't want to go backwards. I don't want to be normal; it didn't work for me. ;-)
I can't imagine you quit because drinking was doing you any favours. What were the reasons you quit?..I look at it as a risk/reward thing. If I succeed in drinking "normally" which I never really did anyways and didn't particularly like when I tried I might catch the tiniest of buzzes. If I fail - things like death violence health problems relationship problems financial and career and emotional problems all await me. Is the former worth risking the latter? I would say no.
My obsessive thoughts tell me I'm not "cured". I can set rules for myself but over time they become more and more lenient. ..- I can only have one drink a night. ..- See? I can drink just one drink. I must be cured! I'll allow myself two drinks now!..- Boy two drinks is really making me feel good. Let me just have a third. ..Before I know it I'm back to where I started.. getting drunk to the point where I barely remember the night before.
Ask yourself  why you are asking this question at all. Its because  of the power that alcohol has on our minds.  Your second paragraph was right on the mark. Real normal drinkers don't  have to worry about  that stuff. They can even drink half aa beer and forget the rest. Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  I'm  a  alcoholic.  I can live with it by not drinking.  Problem solved.
For me defining my relationship with alcohol ended up being more important than figuring out  a label for myself. I know alcohol is an addictive toxin that's not good for me in any amount whether I am an alcoholic or a problem drinker or a person who could in fact moderate after all this time.  Moderation always led me to obsess and inevitably drink more than I set out to because it's addictive. Not drinking solved my problem whatever exactly it may be.  I'll never regret not drinking and with that as a certainty  the jury can stay out on whether I'd regret picking it up again.  I have enough regret for this lifetime.
