-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bb97q7/fellow_blackout_exdrinkers_have_you_ever_relapsed/

My main reason for quitting was lack of control frequent blackouts and aggressiveness. I've been trying to quit drinking many times. Yet this is the first time I'm taking it seriously. I'm on day 9 and I have absolutely no desire to ever drink again. I've been told recently that relapsing is inevitable. However I don't want to believe it. I'm not saying it's a deadly sin. I just want to believe that I can do it with all the help I can get. I've read so many stories of people who are on day 30 100 365 and more. If somebody can manage to quit drinking and not drink for years I want to believe I can too. If you feel like sharing your story I'll be grateful. I've found that it's much easier to go through this knowing you can relate to so many people out there. Thank you all. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Relapsing is the part of many people's story but it is far from a requirement. I know many people who have quit and stuck with it...My story does include relapse. I was also an aggressive blackout drinker like you. I eventually decided that I had had enough and joined here and started going to AA. However I struggled. I was in denial about the severity of my problem and kept trying to find ways to drink without the sorts of problems that I had been having. The problem was always that once I started I couldn't stop and once I was off and running bad shit happening was an inevitability. ..For two years I tried and failed to get an honest 60 days. I would get 20 30 40 days and then relapse sometimes horribly. I would then drag myself to AA and warm a seat for an hour and then go about my business. Eventually things got really bad and I moved countries in an attempt to escape my problems. I had one last drunk in me and then found a great sponsor in AA. I started working  the steps and had some long serious conversations and realized that I was indeed in deep - I was an alcoholic or had substance abuse disorder or whatever you wanted to call it...I started to get active - I formed a sober support network in AA I joined the chat here and posted and read pretty much daily and I admitted to myself that I just could not drink. I got 60 days 90 days 6 months a year. I started therapy and got help for my depression. I am now about halfway through my fifth year sober...What has changed? Everything. When I quit I was 100k in debt borderline homeless my career was stalled out my wife hated me and I hated myself too. Now I am debt-free own a home my career is taking off my wife loves me and I am no longer wracked with guilt and self-loathing and I've just become a father to boot. It took a ton of work and sometimes felt like I would never "get there" but a few tiny steps a day compounded over a thousand days will get you pretty damned far...Kudos to you for reaching out. It took me a while to realize I needed help and that there was no shame in asking. 9 days is a great start - here's to another 24 hours sober for both of us.
Relapses are NOT inevitable. I'm 898 days straight without alcohol. My neighbor hasn't had a drink in 23 years. Early recovery is really tough but with the proper network of support and mindset anything is possible. Therapy meetings meditation and exercise have all been valuable tools in helping me progress in sobriety.    .    .Alcohol is not going to magically transport itself into my stomach...so as long as I have control over my hands all I have to do is avoid picking up that first drink.    .    .If I can do it so can you.    .    .iwndwyt
I'm sick of hearing relapse is inevitable. It is perfectly well within my capacity as a human being to make a choice today (and repeat it tomorrow) not to take the first drink. Relapse is ONLY inevitable if I pick up the first drink. Therefore it IS NOT inevitable. Yes I need help and I need to share experience strength and hope with other recovering drunks. If I don't my brain will play tricks on me but it is NOT inevitable that I will relapse. What a shitty thing for people to say to me. ..IWNDWYT
i've "relapsed" a million times. i've stopped drinking for 60 days probably 10 times. i'm down to binge drinking 8 drinks one saturday per month (10 years ago i was an everyday drinker).  i have journals from 10 years ago that recently brought me to the realization i've been trying to quit for 10 years. i am so tired of drinking yet i always do it again. i went to one AA meeting a month ago and it was really awful most people were court ordered to be there and they scared the shit out of me. i also have social anxiety disorder and it was really hard to go. i did meet one woman who gave me a big book and told me that relapse is part of it but just to keep coming back. i haven't back but i don't know what else to do. i see people here that are chronic relapsers and it makes me scared i will never stop doing this to myself.
you don't have to relapse. but you might and if you do the people who love you and are pulling for you will help you get back up and brush yourself off and start moving forward again.
If someone told me relapse was inevitable I would punch them in the face.  It is just cruel bullshit.  The statistics on addiction are not great for long term success.  A lot of people fail or have relapses.  And a lot of people use that fact to say "you have to do it my way or you will fail like them".  But there is so much more to it than such simplicities.
Definitely not inevitable. I don't see a reason to relapse as long as I a) don't want to and b) don't need to. By "don't need to" I mean that I don't have any curiosity or questions around drinking again. No discussions like "Can I drink moderately" or "Will drinking help me get through this stress and misery?" I took my time answering these questions for myself and the conversation is over. It's not a negotiation...Plus I am just really annoyed at the idea of reintroducing alcohol to my brain and reigniting the receptors in any way. It seems like a lot of work. I like making alcohol a more and more distant memory I like focusing on healing and I like feeling pulled into a fascinating future the feeling of possibilities.
Such bullshit! I know several people who have been sober for a long time. My uncle and his husband have been sober for 27 years. My bff has been sober for 10 years. Even if we do relapse it doesn't mean it's all over. It could just be one time and then we're back on the wagon. We could look at it like having any other disease. If it's well managed we may never deal with symptoms again. Or we may have fewer less severe symptoms (relapse) that happen rarely and that we recover quickly from. I have bipolar that's well managed but my brain still goes sideways from time to time. Usually it's mild and resolved itself quickly bc of my medication and therapy. I don't think a relapse has to mean a disastrous long lived thing. We can just dust ourselves off and return to sobriety.
Sobriety  is  very achievable.. Is it any more difficult  that having a hangover and wrecking  yourr life with  booze?  Or hating yourself  because  you lost control.   I dont think so..Relapses happen because  we try to deny the power  that  alcohol has on our minds. We start to dream that we can control  alcohol. We can control alcohol  by not drinking.  There is no law that requires  us to be moderate drinkers if we abstain.
Relapse is not part of everyone's journey.  It was part of mine and has helped me figure out my brain. I went 30 days many times and 90 days once before this go around..Each time I relapsed it was because I managed to convince myself that my ability to stay alcohol- free for long stretches meant I did not have a problem so I could moderate or drink like a "normal" person.  Inevitably that did not work and I'd end up back where I started with frequent blackout drinking after a few weeks. I read This Naked Mind and it helped me to change my perception of alcohol and addiction. Now I realize I am just better off without it. Even if I am not really an "alcoholic"  or really can "moderate" I just don't want to. .I would like to think if I could have come to this realization the first time around I wouldn't have relapsed so many times  but ya know...hindsight.
When I quit before my intention was never to quit for life so I would inevitably go back to it. But when I realized I needed to be done forever I started changing things and working hard to change my ways of thinking. I have not relapsed. I just celebrated two years.
I have not relapsed in a very long time.  In the beginning I did but not since Sept 1 1987.  It can be done and after a short while staying sober is so much easier than drinking lying being sick all the time...
