-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbb99x/does_anyone_have_adhd/

I know there are studies to support a connection between ADD and addiction but does anyone else take a stimulant to manage their symptoms?...Right now I really need to take medication and I just started it back up since I've been sober. However the drugs really lead to cravings at night (when its wearing off). Exercise at night definitely helps but does anyone else struggle with this? What tricks/tips have you picked up?
----------immediate responses--------

Yup. I had to stop taking adderall when I stopped drinking. But before that decision I felt that xanax worked. Ask your psych if that's right for you?
Ohhh yes. ADHD is characterized by a dopamine deficiency in the brain. Couple that with bottled dopamine and.....I'm about to log off Reddit and start my homework (I swear) because I want the dopamine hit of having done something.
My ADHD became noticeably worse when I quit. My doctor said that I may have been self-medicating with alcohol. There are several non-stimulant ADHD meds that work well. Strattera and Amantadine are good ones to try that don't cause cravings for alcohol.    .    .Daily minfulness meditation has helped strengthen my focus as well.
I am sober 10 days and some of my ADHD is worse some is better.
Yes and yes.
I did best on Wellbutrin... it helped stop my cravings for all things (alcohol smoking food) and helped me to focus.  I kinda wish I was on it again.  Right now my mind is all over the damned place EXCEPT work which is what I should be doing not browsing reddit.
Yes and yes.   I've been taking Adderall IR 20mg 2X daily since I was diagnosed over fifteen years ago.    Since successfully managing AD(H)D with generic Adderall IR depends on the quality of the generic which depends on the manufacturer which nowadays is frequently two Indian-based companies with spotty FDA compliance records I'm currently researching other options.   Anyway there is a ton of information which supports the hypothesis that **untreated** ADHD is correlated with high rates of addiction.   One highly informative source of information is Dr. Russell Barkley whose twin brother with ADHD was tragically killed in a single-vehicle alcohol-related crash.  I've read Dr. Barkley's book "Taking Charge of Adult ADHD" as well as many of his scholarly articles.   Various ADHD forums including r/ADHD can often be good sources of information with regard to reading about others' experiences...Cravings at night when medication is wearing off:    Ask your physician about two daily doses instead of one to carry you through the evening.  I do the majority of my work in the early evening and there is no way I could do it without Adderall.   I've discovered that timing is everything and this also applies to diet/nutrition.   It's pretty common for ADHDers to not eat/drink enough during the day and then find themselves famished and dehydrated by evening when the medication wears off.   Plan your meals and your fluid intake keep track of what you consume and when and if you're into vitamins and nutritional supplements do some research on blood sugar stabilization through nutrition as well as on methyl folate L-glutamine magnesium and whatever else your research leads you to discover.   ..Psyllium is one of my favorite tricks to stave off cravings.   Really hot broth-based soup is another.   Sushi always works but that gets expensive.  In all fairness my cravings are for sugar which replaced alcohol for me years ago.   Sugar and alcohol are definitely related--in fact researchers have discovered that individuals who prefer extremely sweet beverages have a higher rate of success with naltrexone.  ..TL;DR:  Treated ADHD is good.   Ask your doctor about evening medication.  During the day eat food and drink liquid.  In the evening eat food and drink liquid.       Look at nutritional solutions to stabilize blood sugar and prevent sugar cravings; these can also help with alcohol cravings.
