-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbe4hi/relapsed_after_five_years/

This Sunday I smoked weed after more than five years of sobriety. Alcohol was my primary problem and I've spent the last few months convincing myself that it was okay to smoke weed. I didn't fucking talk about it in meetings. I didn't do any of the things that I know to do. And I relapsed.  .  .Most of my sobriety has been one foot in and one foot out. My life got a LOT better really quickly after treatment and I coasted. For five years. I did minimal work on myself ghosted sponsors went months at a time without meetings. I isolated so much. I feel like I have no one and I'm keenly aware that I chose to make it that way. I didn't dig into why I'm so afraid of people. I clung to it and made it my identity.  .  .Already not in a great spot I made the decision to start dating a stoner 5 months ago. My friend told me that I would probably pick up at some point. Tonight that same friend is taking me to pick up a 24 hour coin.  .  .I never thought I would be here. Sobriety felt so easy and so natural to me for so long. I am carrying so much shame and remorse it's really indescribable. I know many of you have been here and I know that I needed this that this relapse may finally give me the willingness to build the happy life I deserve. But it's so hard right now. One thing that makes me feel like less of a piece of shit is the idea that my story may help others. So that's why I'm here hoping to get through the night.
----------immediate responses--------

Start your sobriety again right now.  Tomorrow will be day 1.  The day after that will be day 2.  Don't give up!
Welcome back and I agree that for me weed would be a major relapse.  Don't beat yourself up too much thats another addiction many of us have...
Glad you are back and recommitted to sobriety.  It's so easy to say fuck it and keep going down the hole.  That's what happened to me.  Relapsed for 20 years!!  I'm proud of you for having the courage and strength to get back with the program.  Those 5 years weren't wasted!    
You are exactly why I was torn on whether or not I wanted to try smoking weed again.  In the end I realized I can't and would consider weed alone relapsing for myself...I used to smoke weed a ton but towards the end of my drinking just occasionally.  I would always get paranoid and needed to slam a couple of beers to calm myself down.  ..I mean at least you know now it's not worth it.  Don't beat yourself up over it if you can.  Everyone makes mistakes and at least you learned from the mistake quickly instead of going off the deep end again.
Welcome back! Five years straight is incredible success. Nice work. ..Last time I smoked weed I hated it. Sat in a chair barely awake couldn't think or speak. Not a good time for me. I hate alcohol too but it's just way more tempting for me.
Be careful oh who you date! It's common to pick up bad habits. Takes a lot to acknowledge OP. You're tough 
Wow you just described pretty much exactly where I'm at. At 3 years sober I ghosted my sponsor and just started dating a stoner. Thanks for the wake-up call my friend. Keep trudging this was an essential component of your story. God is everything or nothing what is our choice to be?
Your self-awareness is truly great. You know what changes you need to make and I know you know it's very possible to make them. If anything use this relapse as a wake-up call a benevolent lesson rather than a fuck up...You came here you posted and shared got vulnerable were honest. You got this. I have faith in you.
Hey don't be so hard on yourself. Unless you decided to get drunk off after that joint you are STILL sober from alcohol. Smoking weed once and remembering that it's not for you is not failing. It's just a tiny bump in the road. It doesn't undo 5 years! You're still sober! And plenty of former drinkers smoke a little here and there and find it helps them. Not for me but we are all different. Forgive yourself and keep going friend. All is well.
The urge to get high once in a while... NEVER totally goes away ever...I quit cocaine smoking drinking and lost 100 pounds in a 30 month time period. ..I quit drinking alcohol when I started my Keto diet to try and lose my 100 pounds. A bottle of wine has 800/900 calories so being on a 1500 caloric intake diet meant no wine. I couldn't sleep at night because I had used alcohol as a pre bedtime sedative for years. Now I take 3/4 hits off of a joint 15 minutes before bedtime and I sleep like a baby. ..I never smoke the pot except right before bedtime. It's strictly medicinal.    If I start smoking it just to get high I'll quit using it.
I personally keep marijuana and alcohol in separate categories with regard to sobriety but I am sober and in recovery from both.  If I were to smoke marijuana again (which I don't want to) I wouldn't consider it a total relapse (my opinion).  It would be a marijuana relapse only.  Drinking alcohol far more tempting for me would be a more upsetting relapse.  But we all treat this differently.  Drinking got me back into marijuana which I hadn't smoked in over 8 years.  It all can be a slippery slope no matter what vehicle of addiction we take.  But some vehicles are more dangerous than others.  You mileage may vary as they say.  I remember the time I smoked after 8 years sober.  It was awful. I felt so sick and paranoid.  Yet I kept going for 5 more years until I hit rock bottom.  Go easy on yourself and get back on the horse.   Avoid the spiral downward.  It doesn't have to be that bad you have a choice.  I wish you well.
it is a lot easier to recover from marijuana abuse in my opinion.
