-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbg80d/the_equivalent_of_sober_jack_of_all_trades_master/

I've been lurking on this page for a while replying a bit but I feel like a total fraud tbh..I've been  working' on my sobriety for well over 5 years now I've had long stints short stints day stints etc etc.... I've never made it over a year but I've come pretty damn close a couple times!!..I've come at it intellectually (read more books!!!) I've come at it spiritually (do more meditation and yoga) I've come at it with the program - both AA and NA - neither ended well.....So I suppose my question is this... I'm tired I can't seem to hold onto more than a couple weeks (sometimes days if I'm honest...) and feel like I have recovery fatigue?  How do I find that spark again? How do I find that deep HELL YES motivation?  ..I am blessed to have supportive family and friends loads of interests and activities but my addiction just keeps winning day in and day out?  Drives me mental tbh??  My life is a grey blur of recovery and relapse? ..I need a kick to the arse?  And I'm looking to this sub to help me find that spark of sobriety I'm so desperately seeking??  I'm not great at expressing my vulnerabilities but I'm really getting to the end of rope here?
----------immediate responses--------

Almost every success of any import to me came about through dogged perseverance...I know for me I simply decided to *work the program until it happened*......Sometimes daily practices of disciplines deliver me to what I seek...I don't want to stop before I get the results.....
There comes a time when it can't be about stopping drinking and becomes about embracing life.
Can't say I've ever gone close to a year but even a day should be considered success. Especially if that day is today. If you have been working at it for five years that persistence alone is success. You only fail if you quit trying :)
Maybe you need someone in your corner to help you through. Have you tried a therapist with addiction experience? That's what helped me get more focused on recovery. Good luck.
What's your motivation for quitting? Mine was pain. The physical pain of hangovers kept getting worse and worse until I just could not take one more hangover. My spark just came out of nowhere. I was about to buy a box of wine I had it in my hand and I just froze for a second and said "I don't need this shit anymore" and put it back on the shelf. The real HELL YES motivation came as I started feeling a lot better and fully realized how much the alcohol was holding me back physically and mentally. I knew I couldn't control how much I drank after the alcohol kicked in so moderation was out of the question. It was a week after I quit drinking that I joined r/StopDrinking and a week or two after that I started into books to try to reinforce my new sobriety. I haven't done AA or any other program just this place and a couple of books.  ..I don't think it would have been possible had I not been really really miserable. Certainly I had many bad hangovers much worse than the one I had that day and I tried to quit drinking many many times before. I couldn't even tell you how many times I said "I am NEVER drinking again!" the morning after. I would get a couple of days maybe a week at best and then start drinking again. ..I think what changed for me was I realized the "good" part of alcohol - the euphoria the relaxation etc was the cheese in the mousetrap. I can have these things and they are very nice things to have and very enjoyable. But is the price (in terms of waking up dizzy dehydrated shaky about to puke bloodshot eyes tired etc) worth it? That's what kept getting me back into it. My mindset shifted from "I don't care if I feel like shit tomorrow I just want to be happy *now*" to "I'll be happy to give up fake chemical pleasure in exchange for waking up feeling good tomorrow." ..Tomorrow is what it's really about for me. I'm staying sober today so tomorrow won't suck. Today didn't suck (or at least sucked less than it would have if I woke up hungover) because I didn't drink yesterday. Maybe it's not fun to be sober today. Maybe I'd have more a lot more fun tonight with a bottle of whiskey. But do I want to start Wednesday morning with my head in the toilet? Maybe not. So for me sobriety is more like exercise or eating healthy. You'll be glad you did it.     ..I don't know if any of this is applicable in your specific situation but that's kind of how it worked out for me.
Since you mentioned reading.  I'm finishing  When Death Becomes Life.  Notes from a transplant surgeon  by Joshua Mezrich.  It has given me a lot of appreciation for my internal organs.  I've always thought  I should take better care of myself.  Now I am thinking  My kidneys are amazing! My liver is miraculous! ..Maybe this would be one more nugget of motivation..It is amazing to think how hard people have worked to make organ transplantation possible when it seemed impossible and moving to think about the patients who were not able to survive in years past  ..The book isn't about drinking but it touches on it in a chapter about whether alcoholics should receive organ transplants. The author takes the view that they should so don't be reluctant to pick it up out of fear of being judged...My husband has Crohn's Disease so you'd think I'd already have an appreciation for how much it sucks when your organs don't work properly but that hasn't inspired tender affection for my organs the way this book did.
