-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbodq1/dui_feels_like_end_of_the_world/

Title says it all. I've got a lawyer a supportive husband and that's about it for the upside...I'm riddled with anxiety and stress I lost my piddly little nothing job over this so at least I don't have that to worry about I am not going to be able to take the kids anywhere this summer I'm just so stupid...It's like my whole life has been one huge mistake and now I keep making bigger mistakes. I relapsed hard and it got me good. ..I can't even imagine I'll get over this. Reputation and chance to be employed ever again shot to hell. It feels like life can never be ok again I just keep fucking things up. I'm in smart recovery but my meetings are going away the facility won't host them anymore o new home is on the horizon...I won't be able to drive to therapy either. No friends I can trust one person I am friendly with doesn't know I'm a struggling alcoholic and in conversation she told me that alcoholics don't deserve anything good to happen to them. So I can cross her off my list i guess...I just want to die. I'll never be able to speak to anyone again show my face at kids sports practices nothing. Nothing.
----------immediate responses--------

I know every area is different but I was driving again when I got mine.  Here the choice is to get one of those blow and go devices or suspend the license for 90 days.  I couldn't go 90 days without a car so I opted for the first one.  A bit embarrassing to have but it wasn't the end of the world.  I did more than was advised and more than was expected and it was all behind me in a few months.
Just focus on not drinking today. That's all you gotta do. And then check in on the daily check in thread tomorrow. ..&amp;#x200B;..You'll get another job. And things will get better. But for now just focus on not drinking for today.
I have 2 DUI's. The shame and guilt are real but that subsides. You have a supportive husband and you will get past this. Thank God it wasn't worse and no one was injured. Can you Skype your therapy? And who all knows about this? It's not front page news is it? There must be someone in your SMART recovery you can confide in. You just need to be kind to yourself right now. I know that you want to crawl into a hole but everything will work out. Everything is going to be ok. Use this as a wake up call before your kids get too old and only have memories of drunken mama. I am staying sober with you today. Take care of yourself. Peace.
It will be okay and it isn't the end. There are plenty of jobs out there you're still alive and you can start getting clean today!..Relapses are no joke. I've had my first one this weekend/week and the cravings are unbelievable right now! One day at a time.
So glad to hear you have support. I thought my world had ended 5 years ago but I have found that the old saying about news and fish and chip wrappers is true. I no longer slink into the playground with my head bowed and no-one treats me like a pariah (ok there's a few people I'm wary of but I'm so over that - I also never gossip about anyone ever!) I have a job and a life and my kids. It does take time but you will be great again. I do not expect you to believe me right now but I would be prepared to take a bet on it but I know my personality (slight addictive tendencies  ) IWNDWYT.
Everything is going to be okay. It might feel like the end of the world but what's done is done. You can only learn from it at this point and try to do better for yourself. One day at a time. You made a mistake you are human. ..&amp;#x200B;..One thing I've learned in sobriety is instead of dwelling on my mistakes I focus on all of the solutions. Sometimes it's not easy but it has helped me move past so many things that seemed impossible for me to recover from.
I've had two alcohol-related offenses... a DUI and another that's almost too specific to mention but it was handled about the same as a DUI.  It feels like the absolute end of the world and the shame of being in jail will really tear you to shreds.  When it happened to me my wife basically told me to eff off too and didn't even want to pick me up from the jail so there was no support to be had there.  But you'll get through it.  It'll haunt you for a while - and you'll probably have to do some sort of DUI program attend classes etc - it's going to really be a big part of your life for the next 6 months probably - but then time will go by and it'll drift further from your past.  The lawyer helps too - I did that for my second offense and it saved me from court and helped get me a more favorable outcome that was less disruptive to my working life.  Best thing you can do is turn things around.
I was in a DUI accident several years ago and believe me I totally understand the shame and guilt. Thankfully nobody was injured but still it was terrible and I felt awful. But it is not the end of the world and you will come back from this. ..I don't know your location or what the laws are where you're at but I was able to get a restricted license back after I started my mandatory DUI classes. I can't remember how quickly it was but I do remember it was after a pretty short amount of time. Driving to work to classes and any other necessary driving (like taking kids to school if you're a parent etc) was allowed. ..I should also mention that it hasn't affected my employability either. Right after it happened I applied for a new job and was hired despite the DUI. And I've recently started a new job where it wasn't an issue either. I don't know what kind of work you do but unless you're driving for a living (or perhaps working with children? idk) most places won't care as long as you're doing whatever it is that the courts make you do - classes court dates whatever. ..Regarding gossipy people - screw them. They will forget about it eventually.
A lot of these obstacles you're foreseeing aren't really at play right exactly now so there's no benefit to anyone for you to wallow in them...It sucks sure. But you're being pretty hard on yourself. "Piddly job" and etc. If someone else spoke to you this way it would be bullying or even abuse. ..Not saying shrug off the consequences of your actions but remember who you're talking to in there in your head. It's a person who is learning hard things enduring big changes accepting outcomes of decisions which you probably don't remember making...Be patient with yourself. This is the person you will have to thank when you overcome these problems.
I got my third dui in July now I am 8 months sober and getting through the mess. I totally thought my life was over but things get better. Third dui here is a felony I wrecked a brand new 100k car went to jail but honestly it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I had been trying to get sober for over two years and kept relapsing after about 60 days when things were getting better from the previous relapse. Now I truly never want to drink again. I go to AA every day work the steps with my sponsor (on step 11 now). My relationships with my family and friends are better now than they have been since I was a child all because I'm sober and working a good program. Plan your day around a meeting and the fellowship of the program will keep you sober. My license was suspended until last week and now I have a restricted license and a Breathylizer in my car and it feels so good to get back things I've lost. My finances were a huge mess and I've almost got them straightened out and I don't feel depressed like I thought I would forever. Find an aa meeting you can tolerate and keep going and soon you will want to go. It sounds crazy but the third dui turned out to be the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Come on over to r/women_in_recovery for some great support. ..You may be an alcoholic and have a DUI but you deserve a better life of sobriety and happiness and joy. ..Good luck in your recovery.
