-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbp3gr/day_ten_stress_management/

Major mindset shift for me yesterday.  I was forwarded an email from a C-suite level executive that was less than complimentary toward me.  Mind you I did nothing wrong and the criticism was leveled at an area of performance within our organization that doesn't fall under my scope.  However perception is everything... no matter how flawed...&amp;#x200B;..I took a few deep breaths shed a couple of tears in anger and frustration and thought to myself "I really need to go for a run or throw some heavy shit around (weights) when I get home".  ..&amp;#x200B;..What? Was that just my first thought and reaction toward shitty news?  Ten days ago that would have been "I need a drink as soon as I get home and I deserve to get drunk tonight"...&amp;#x200B;..The fact that this was unconscious and immediate rather than me talking myself out of having a drink is HUGE for me.  I am still struggling with cravings and my brain trying to justify having just one... which will turn into four.  This was the first time that my initial reaction was NOT to get a drink.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I didn't get my run yesterday but I sure as hell strapped on my shoes this morning and indulged in that stress relief.  I am clear and focused and ready to tackle the work involved to reset perceptions at work and help to fix what is broken (since apparently I'm going to be held accountable for it no matter what)...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

That is great news and definitely great progress on you part!  IWNDWYT
Awesome! It keeps getting better IWNDWYT!
Well done on ten days and your new approach to stress management. Exercise and meditation have been the tools I've most used to manage stress post-alcohol but funnily enough the longer I am sober the less situations I find stressful.
I've been adding in meditation as well... just two minutes every morning but I'm building up gradually. ..I'm definitely finding that I am better able to cope with most stressors and they aren't as big of a deal. Being sober is definitely making it easier to handle the hard stuff!
Really wonderful to hear how quickly your mindset can change. Anything is possible!
