-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbsl3z/sobriety_and_boredom/

Long overdue sobriety and many attempts have been gone through.  The usual bullshit. Last bottle and all. 10 years lapsed. ..Problem is at about day 5-6 I start going insane. Bored to death. Kids. Wife work is a real struggle to get by with. ..I try to work 12 hours days to be busy. But still in the evening I just come home and go to sleep.  Which pisses  everyone off.  ..Nothing brings me joy at all. I don't want to do anything.  I don't want hobbies. Don't want friends. Hate talking when sober. Don't have any genuine interests in anyone or anything.  ..All I wan to do is drink.  I've done 2 month sober once.  Clarity was ok.  But I was ready to off myself as I didn't see any joy in anything except playing with kids for a bit. ..Going to work is slavery ok I get it but I have to pay for house and feed the kids. No way out of that.  I was glad To secure a job that pays well and I care tolerate it 8-10 hours a day. .But now the drinking has been taken away and I just see no point in going on with life. Which I was never a big fan of. Even as a kid.
----------immediate responses--------

My heart goes out to you
Sorry you're feeling this way...anything we can do to help?
Your kids are a reason to keep going. I completely understand the whole  what's the point of living if I can't enjoy this one release  but you have been sober for two months so must be trying it out for a reason.
I just want to say I don't think alcohol is your biggest problem it reads more like depression is (which is as common as it comes for most alcoholics). I'd focus on the depression with a therapist and keep away from the alcohol.
This sounds an awful lot like depression that was masked by the false high of alcohol. I have been dealing with that myself. I'm trying a low dose of St. Johns Wort. Maybe talking to your doctor/medical professional about the possibility of depression and getting it treated would help? .I also had to stop myself from pouting that I "couldn't" drink and realize that I was ultimately quitting for myself and not because of anyone else. Then I was able to let go of the resentment and start to find joy in things again. I still have my angry/frustrated/pissy moments but they are decreasing in frequency and intensity. All the best to you!  IWNDWYT
One of the hardest things about sobriety is being okay with doing nothing.  What you're struggling with is trying to fill a void in your life.  Work.  Hobbies.  Activities. Alcohol.  ..At some point you have to realize that you can't fill that void and that's okay.  We don't have to fill up every day with work.  That's not healthy...When I do manage to go on vacation I pick a place that's within walking distance of a beach.  I go there sit down in a chair and stay until my body adjusts to simply not doing anything.  I've got nowhere to go nothing to do and that's okay.  I just watch the waves crash into the beach until I've settled down...After a few days I've re-set my priorities.  I don't need to wake up in the morning and go go go.  When I get back to the "real world" I'm thrown off by how fast everything moves.  That's a good place to be...Your life is not your work.
I agree. I've dealt with depression my whole life.  .I've seen doctors and I came to conclusion they are quick to put you on meds. Like it's skittles for them.  Few drugs I tried got a week I felt awful.  For the first time I felt like ending it when I took those pills.  ..St. John Wart.  Wow that was something.  It drove me mad . Scared me to death.  I quiet drinking for 2 weeks then.  Even went to gym as working out helps a bit.  ..But I never stick to anything for too long. .Gym becomes a bore. Another chore to do. ..I'm ok if this is what life is all about when you are sober.  I just wanted to see if anyone's story  relates. ..Funny part is. I don't drink as heavy before kids.  It was for fun before. But last 7 years it kicked up a notch in a very progressive manner. .Before i would drink 2 days in a row.  Now its a whole week with maybe one or two breaks. ..Wife is pissed.  But I think she gave up on it already. ..I know I should quit and I can.  But I just don't know how to deal with every day life like work and bills and having to deal with co workers.  I don't want to.
Mostly the same for me except I would probably live in a shack on a beach somewhere instead of a cabin. For whatever reason I have mostly preferred to drink alone for years also. One of the things that pulls me toward sobriety is that when I'm sober for a bit I finally start to see hope that it doesn't have to be the same shit day in and day out. If I'm sober I can explore a career change or come up with a better solution to my underwhelming marriage than divorce. I know that if I keep drinking then I am accepting mediocrity. ..I admit that some of this is me being full of shit because when I'm sober for a bit there is hope but there is also the pain of facing reality. I have had enough of giving into the old habit of using the alcohol crutch instead of manning up and facing reality. I took a leap and went to AA. I reached out to an old badass longtime-sober friend who I know will put a boot up my ass if I think about giving in. I know that you don't know me and I'm currently only 2 days sober so I really have no credibility but feel free to PM me if you want accountability or anything else. Life can seem hopeless but it's a lot more hopeless when drinking.
9 weeks is only 63 days so I didn't make it to 100 days although I am determined to this time. In fact I want to get to a minimum of a year because I don't think that I can heal all my crap and move forward with my life until I have a decent stint of sobriety under my belt and I keep reading that people didn't feel the big changes until 9-12 months. I may then decide that the risk of going back to drinking is not worth it. Last time I went back to it I ended up in exactly the same mess...A verbally abusive parent is so damaging to a kid. And emotionally neglectful parents do a ton of damage to our sense of self worth self esteem feeling of being loveable and actually even in knowing ourselves- who we truly are as people what are our true wants needs and desires in life are. I would strongly suggest that you give therapy another crack BUT shop around for a therapist and don't settle until you have found one that you click with or feel confident that you can do some good work with. I've seen 5 therapists prior to finding the one I'm seeing now and none of them were a good fit for me (this one is plus as a bonus I'm coming into it having done a lot of my own research). Unfortunately it can take a bit of work to find someone that you connect with and feel you can open up to and be honest with. A lot of people who had childhoods without the right emotional support are very closed off to their emotions. It has got to be worth it because what is the alternative? Same old crap different day living your life feeling dissatisfied and wondering what the point is until you die. ..I would suggest you do some research into C-PTSD and look up Gabor Mate - I love listening to him on podcasts e.g. he was on the Rich Roll podcast. Watch the video  Complex Trauma 1' on YouTube and see if you relate to anything. ..You have probably underestimated how much of an impact your upbringing had on you. Sounds like you need to start doing some digging. The good news is that this stuff is addressable - it just takes time and effort. And support from other people. You might want to consider having an honest conversation with your wife about it at some stage as well...
