-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbx41k/one_zero_seven_zero_zero/

Yes today I have been sober 10700 days. I realy need to pinch myself to realise it at times. I remember only too well the battles and struggles to stop. Getting a few days or a week and failing. Then going right down again. ..I wish to thank each one here for their help. If you have helped me when I needed it. If you have reached out. If I have replied to your post. If you have replied to mine. Perhaps  I read your post and say nothing. You all are a part of my recovery. So a huge thank you. ..Take care.  Your Friend John        
----------immediate responses--------

That's a huge accomplishment mate you should be proud!
So much time. And all any of us can do is not drink today. I am a binge drinker and IWNDWYT.
Wow!
Congrats  
Congratulations!!!
Hey John!!! Lovely to see you my friend...Congrats on **10700**! Amazing!..Thanks for the continued inspiration &lt;3.
Such an inspiration thank you for sharing!!!..29 years... wow just wow!..IWNDTWY
Awesome job John.  Always look forward to your posts/replies.  ..IWNDWYT!
You've been sober longer than some people on this sub have been alive which is quite the sobering thought. Good for you John!  
Congratulations on an amazing achievement! IWNDWYT!
Wow super impressed. You are an inspiration to us all!
Congrats John. This is what I call inspiration
So awesome congrats John. IWNDWYT
Wow congrats! And here I am coming up on 6 years next month thinking I had so much time ;) Look at you!
Congratulations John!
Inspiring! IWNDWYT!
Well done and may you make it 10701! IWNDWYT
Awesome. I had to bust out the calculator!
Congratulations pal that's a heavy good amount of time under your belt like.
Yes!!! That's so awesome John. You are an inspiration to many. Iwndwy
So happy for you Blue! Your contributions here are always inspirational! I am happy to stay sober with you today! Peace.
Way to go John!!! A lot of hard work right there!
John...you are one of my heros!
What an amazing accomplishment! Please tell me it gets easier!
