-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbze1f/i_want_to_quit_now_how_do_i_stop_postponing_dday/

I have made the call to quit booze. That's done. .I have done it before (for periods of time) so I know I can manage the physical withdrawals. ..However it's the psychological aspectst that I struggle with. Alcohol is everywhere and I can't wrap myself in cotton wool. The next few weeks I have my wife's birthday my own birthday (a milestone) friends birthdays and a wedding. ..I also have 2 weeks vacation. During this period I'm actually moving my business to a location that's more convenient than the previous office space. My commute will be cut to 10 mins from nearly 60mins...Part of me wants to delay the whole process. I want to tell myself that I'll get sober after the birthday/wedding/buck's/office party I'll quit. ..Deep down inside I want to quit NOW. But I'm scared that I'll fail in the face of events that are high temptation. ..Please help!
----------immediate responses--------

Just my opinion but I think you are looking to far into the future my man. One day at a time. Start with today. Avoid one drink today the first one. Tomorrow will be there tomorrow. Today is now. How about this? I won't drink with you today. Can you not drink with me? We can do this.
My addiction did this too. The harsh reality is there I'll always be  stuff . Your addiction will always give you reasons to drink.  You can either stop or don't. But it will always be there and it's a bitch.  That's why I'm here. I find comfort in knowing everyone has these struggles and it keeps me going and grounded.
Start now today. After you do today do tomorrow.  If you are going to get through  this you must start. And there are tonnes  of  reasons to procrastinate.  Its one day at a time.  There  will always be excuses to drink.  Your health  and well-being  are the reason to stay sober.
Don't let yourself think about all those events. They sound overwhelming when you think of them all together. But you only need the willpower for today. Promise to yourself to not drink today and let tomorrow worry about itself. That's what got me going. I just focus on today. I can stay sober for one day.
