-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc29f7/need_to_tell_someone_this_i_went_into_an_old/

A microbrewery. Why?????!!!! Why????!! Basically because I'd already decided to relapse. I'd already decided the day was unsurvivable without alcohol. I had a massive PTSD attack after an interaction with my dad. Nervous system feels like it's being nailed to an electric wall. Fever. Crying for hours. In complete flight mode. In that mode I hate everyone and trust no one. (That's why I didn't post here or message any of my AA friends)...Got into a rickshaw. Reeling. The way I usually am when I'm that high up the relapse ladder. Rung 7 or 8 I've already decided to use. I'm bargaining. I say I'll attend an AA meeting right after and return my chips. ..I go into the dinky building. The table staff recognize me. I open the door and feel ill with the smell the crowd the football memorabilia. The warmth and familiarity with which wait staff greet me - I haven't been back since October - chills me...I wait at the bar. I ask for ice-cold water. I've always hated this life still do. I'm in the same place as I've been earlier - black anger ready to smash something hollered back at a street harasser - but something protects me in that moment. I'm in a lot of pain but I don't drink. After the water a cold watermelon juice and a pasta with bacon. I'm obviously hungry AND angry AND lonely AND tired AND triggered AND thirsty. The food and drink helps. I'm over the hill. There's no way I'm drinking. What a fucking miracle. Never again I tell myself. Not going to put myself in the high-risk situation of a bar again. Even though it felt natural to turn to the "mocktails" page and I didn't miss alcohol at all it made my skin crawl how close I was...Thank you for listening and reading SD. So so grateful to have escaped alcohol today.
----------immediate responses--------

WOW! Impressive!!!..&amp;#x200B;..Just a thought: is there any way you could just stop interacting with your Dad?..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
I'm really glad you didn't take that drink I went into a bar to see a friends band play and just sitting on that stool brought make so many sense memories that I had an anxiety attack. I did wind up messaging someone in my support group because I couldn't bring myself to call but It's just getting better every day.   ...You're on here not 'out there' and IWNDWYT
I am so proud of you I don't even have more words...
So proud of you!!!!
Congratulations on staying strong!
You are so damn strong. I'm so proud of you. Wow! Bravo. Sobriety is you and you stayed true to yourself. ..Iwndwy
I am so happy for you!
FUCK YES. Nicely done.
Fucking awesome. FUCKING awesome. I don't know why this is hitting me so emotionally but it is. Good job man. Great job in fact. Keep strong. FUCKING AWESOME.
Beautiful job! HALT awareness!..So proud of you TCS. How are you feeling now? xo
Well done.  Proud of you.
Good job! Those times in the past drove me to the bottle many times. I realize now in hindsight that each slip had a way of kicking me up the stairs until I had more tools under my belt. Like HALT! One of my favorites...IWNDWYT    
Way to stay strong. Congrats
Way to go!
This is fucking FANTASTIC. I had such a similar experience right before Christmas like mere days before I hit one full year sober. Shit is REAL. H.A.L.T is REAL. Kudos to you. Mad respect and thanks for sharing this.
Wonderful writing.
This made me so happy. Way to go!
Nice recovery on that almost fumble. IWNDWYT
Had a day eerily similar to yours...CONGRATULATIONS!!!..This is a huge deal...Wanna climb back down the ladder together?
Wow amazing job! PTSD is no joke; sometimes it's damn near impossible to come back down once it's been triggered. I'm really impressed! IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing your story.
This post gave me a heart attack! So relieved that you stood strong. I'm sorry that life is handing you so many challenges right now. For what it's worth I always really enjoy seeing your posts on this sub :) IWNDWYT..P.S. Completely off topic but watermelon juice sounds like the best thing ever invented.
You are amazing I'm so proud of you and we've never even met
Love you. Your story resonates so much. IWNDWYT
WOW.  Way to pull out the tools in an emergency situation!  You did it.  I'm so happy for you!!
So proud of you!! The sense memory of walking back into your favorite bar is so real. But I try to remind myself that this is just a place I'm visiting. I will not allow it to be a place i become shackled too again. Taking your story to hear and I will not drink with you today.
You're strong as hell dude congrats on saying no with the easiest option in front of you.
I'm proud of you! We all are!!!!
Sooo awesome!! Proud of you!
What an inspiring post greatly written I m proud of your decisions!  
You rock.
Good work!  I was feeling that bargaining state - 6 months sober I thought.   I'll have a drink to celebrate tell no one and carry on. ..Then I thought I'd drunk text my ex who left me because of my drinking.   The thought probably saved me.  I felt repulsed...I'm almost urge free now.  Thanks for letting me know I'm not alone.
You deserve to not drink . I'm glad you didn't .
goosebumps down my spine..I am a brave man but I am afraid of myself.
This is very inspiring thank you. All of my social life revolved around bars and I certainly need to find new things to do.
You're a really talented writer as well. Good luck to you in everything. I'm rooting for you.
I find myself alone today and was having thoughts of drinking..for no reason other than habit and boredom. I came here hoping something would stop that craving...and then I saw your post. ..Goddammit after all of that if you didn't drink then I'm not going to either. Going to keep the streak I have alive for another day...Thank you!..IWNDWYT
You fucking killed it dude. That's massively inspiring to me. Big ups. And I most CERTAINLY will not drink with you today.
Well done champ!
Inspiring very well done! :)
I really appreciate this share. The first time I went back to a bar after quitting I was meeting an old drinking buddy for lunch. In Las Vegas 'lunch' is at a video poker bar where you can eat get free drinks and gamble all 1000 feet from home. I called my trusted AA sponsor before and said make sure I call you after and be ready to bail me out. I was worried that my friend would convince me to drink. I ate and left with just soda water in me. For a binge drinker like me I have to really plan visits like these. I tell people up front I don't drink and don't have a beer and a shot ready for me. I won't accept them.
Wow. I could FEEL all of those emotions you just described. Awesome job putting it all into words and awesome job not drinking. Huge step in the right direction. Keep going one day at a time!
Congrats! I remember my first and only relapse. The depression had come back hard and I had told myself that if I found myself hanging between killing myself or taking a drink I'd drink. So I did and I have such a vivid memory of getting drunk and realizing I was still miserable. It didn't help at all and I ended up just being drunk AND miserable. That didn't stop me from trying for about a month until I drank myself out of money. If I hadn't been so broke that I couldn't even afford another bottle who knows how long that would have last. I'm grateful for that short relapse because it really solidified for me everything I knew but wasn't ready to believe that drinking never made it better only worse. Thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
They say if I'm not working on my recovery I am working on s relapse. So happy you didn't pick up   
Yay you!! I'm sorry your father whipped you into a frenzy but you faced your urge and kicked it's ass IN IT'S HOUSE!
My heart was pounding reading this! I could feel your anxiety around the drinking part though I will not pretend to understand PTSD and I'm sorry you have to deal with that...You're a hero you know. A true hero that has been to hell and came back to show others how to survive. A shaman that has been healed and now has something to teach others about healing...Thank you for telling this story.
At the end of the day though you made it through. Well done. I'm sorry about what you're going through with your dad.
I seriously hate bars. I used to love them and being able to socialize now it feels like there isn't a place in the world where people can actually chill without having to drink a gallon of beer. Proud of you for your strength I know its tough as hell.
Wonderful and inspiring.  I feel that way after a rough day at work. Instead am getting a pedicure and then going to Panera for dinner. IWNDWYT!
Hang in there!
It does get easier. Drinking doesn't make the shit go away. Just makes more shit and then you have a hangover too. Well done well done. Now get to a meeting.
That's a tough one for sure. You held strong and that makes you a champ. And fwiw....you described my panic-ish attacks in the past beautifully.
First thing I did when I was able was go to the places that I usually went to for drinks. I had friends that I have known for years and regular favorite bartenders. They and I dont have a problem with a guy up at the bar with just a water or soda...I do stay away from places that the only reason I ever went to them  was because of alcohol..I saw before I ever began the process that there was no getting away from it so do proceed with caution. But do proceed we fit in with this world just like everybody else
Thanks for sharing your story. I'm proud that you stood tall today. I'm sorry for what happened with your father and I hope it gets resolved.
You're awesome for this. Don't forget it.
I highly recommend you check out the IRC channel associated with this subreddit.  It's in the sidebar on the right.  If you join there when you're having any sort of doubts or troubles or really anything at all there are always people there to help talk it out.
Whew.
Oh my friend this was so brave.  I'm sorry this is how your relationship with your dad is. So happy and proud for your strength.   
You give me hope for my relapsed buddy.  He's crashing and burning as I type. He missed his bar his friends the life and so he decided to relapse after a year's sobriety and be back "home." My heart is breaking for this sweet lovely person...My best to you.
Congratulations!  This was huge.  You looked the devil right in the eye and didn't cower to him!!!
Great job! Stay strong!
Amazing the depth of your strength against alcohol is inspiring!
I had a similar crisis situation and it turned out to be my last troubling thought about drinking.  I didn't know it for a few more months but that was about fifteen years ago.  Coincidentally or not it was right after I completed Step 5 with my sponsor.  I hope your experience resembles mine.
So you wanted a drink and didn't take one.  Good job.
Fabulous account of managing this experience. Love how you could see it coming wanted it at some level   then worked your way through it. Awesome victory.
I wish I had reddit premium so I could give you a gold my friend. Fantastic job. This shit keeps me going. This is the real life truth of addiction. Your hindsight is 20/20. Excellent! I'm so proud of you my dude!!!
amazing strength and Control.... Congratulations
Like someone was looking out for you.  Congratulations on passing the test.
Wow. I'm smiling right now at your strength. Thank you- this made my day.
Hello my friend. I was told in the early days sit in the barber's chair long enough and you will get a hair cut. Meaning hang in the old haunts long enough and I would drink. Even today I don't like to be around alcohol without good reason  A wedding or such yes but not in early days unless absolutely necessary...I would as you have learn from this. Keep up the great work. I would hit a ton of meetings and talk to my sponsor if I was that close to drinking. ..Take care. Your Friend John        
Congratulations! THere is definitely something weird in our subconscious that makes that good decision sometimes. Once after a huge fight with my husband I made the decision to drink. I walked the quarter mile or so to the little oceanside restaurant and was going to go out onto the patio and drink beer godammit! Well I got to the bottom of the stairs to the patio and turned around and went back. I will never know how I manage to do that. It didn't even feel like a decision I just turned around and the moment passed.
Nice work.
Wow - this post really struck a chord with me.  (Pun intended but also true.).  OP I am so fucking proud of you.  Every time I've relapsed it's because I came down with  a case of the fuck-its.  You were there but you were also self-aware enough to take one small step to take care of yourself and then another and then you were on the other side...I'm so happy for you.  I'm saving this in the hope that whenever I next find myself in that place in a week 6 months tomorrow I'll remember to look at it and remind myself that it ISN'T decided and I CAN treat myself well and feel *even better* for doing it than I would if I decided to cope by relapsing...So damn proud.
So proud of you for staying strong. IWNDWYT!
You write well
I was reading your story with a lot of tension bloody well done especially as it's a familiar place- like an old pair of slippers but you did it.
Amazingly well done. I have PTSD too and I related so much to your description of an attack... I always drink... Always... drinking is how i deal with everything. Its inspiring to know someone as angry and traumatised as me can take a better path.
Holy shit! EPIC WIN!! This made me SO happy to read. You should be beyond proud of yourself. :)
Proud of you. I will try to not put myself in situations like yours because I believe I'm not as strong as you. Maybe someday. Right now I would have folded easily...Goof job!
Congrats I have done so many flirts like that in my first 8 years sober.  I survived them too but eventually I relapsed.  The power you gain from self control is way better than any drink or drug trust me.
Good stuff OP. That was a moment you'll be able to draw strength from down the line. IWNDWYT!
Amazing! You are so strong! IWNDWYT!
Good choice! Great job on getting through the tough times. Going back would have made you feel even worse. I'm glad to not drink with you today.
Enjoyed reading you have an awesome style of writing it's quick concise intense yet very illustrative and your experiences are vicariously tangible. Rock on and be victorious in your journey to better yourself and experience the best life.
Dude thank you for posting this. 666 days in and i still have a tough time being around it. In fact i dont wanna be around it at all. I dont care what the fuck it is or what the circumstance is i dont want anything to do with any of it. God itd be nice to live in a world where that was a possibility.
