-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc814m/planning_my_relapsehelp/

Hi all ..29/m have been on and off the wagon for 3 years now. I am a true alcoholic-have been arrested blackouts phenomenon of craving etc. ..Almost 8 months sober-my longest streak yet. Taking antabuse daily which has helped immensely. ..I live at home and my parents are going to be out of town next weekend. This is the 1st time in this 8 month stretch I could drink and not get caught. My alcoholic brain is telling me I can go wild this weekend then hop back on the wagon as if nothing has happened. I know in my heart of hearts this is not true. Everytime I relapse the obsession and cravings come roaring back. I think its just because I'm almost at 8 months and the obsession and cravings had lessened considerably that I think I can control my alcoholism and not the other way around. ..I stopped taking my antabuse 3 days ago in preparation to drink next weekend. I feel bad that I'm preparing to relapse. I also feel bad because I do truly want to be sober but sober life is just so freaking boring and ordinary and what the point of life if I cant drink. Nothing is fun etc. ..I'm hoping something will inspire renewed motivation for me to stay sober between now and next weekend but I'm doubtful. ..Any advice or words of encouragement?..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Our brains are re wired because of alcohol. It is lying to you and making you think you can just do that weekend. You said in your heart you know it is not true. You can not control your alcoholism your brain is controling you right now. Please do not throw being sober away for a weekend that most likely will end up being more. Your body will thank you. You have to make the life you want. IWNDWYT
Brother I have done this exact same thing. Living with parents they go camping several weekends over summer. The first time this happened while I was living at home planned on drinking as soon as I found out when they would be gone a week in advance. I did this more than once. ..I can tell you it wasnt worth it. I can tell you I ended up in the hospital. You know all that logically. ..What finally worked for me was promising my parents I wouldnt drink while they were away. Simple as that. I can break promises to myself with no real issue but I place a lot of value on promises i make to others and being honest. ..After i started doing this i still had one more relapse and it was a time when they left and I didnt explicitly make that promise. I did it every time after that. ..Willpower is a limited resource that's something you'll often hear. So in this way by vocalizing a commitment to somebody else I'm taking the decision away. I dont have to ruminate and place back and forth wondering if I'll do it I've already said I wont. ..I dont know if this would work for everybody but it works for me like magic and it's become a valuable tool for me. Best of luck friend.
You. Have. This.  Please don't make your family worry about you the whole time they are away... they love you!  i know it won't be easy but think of all the wonderful progress you have made in the past 8 months.  This is your chance to show everyone that you are in control.  Keep on going!
Take your Antabuse now   Please. You won't be getting away with anything you just be drunk and feeling shitty about yourself thinking about how far you've come. It's not like you start back where you were unfortunately. And you'll probably get caught and have your family upset and you upset. Nope not worth it. Think about doing things that help you vs hurt you while their gone  ..I started taking it 76 days ago and it's the longest I've been sober. I love being more clearheaded and feel more confident. Learning about why I created this unhealthy coping mechanism and well as others that could kill me or at least continue to live a shitty life.  I didn't lose everything...my rock bottom is knowing I've trying living life under the influence and it sucked. Let me living life sober and see if it gets better. ..It gets better and better and better. Hang in there buddy and take the Antabuse  
I read a lot of reviews of people that take or have taken Antabuse.  Some of the insight I got: they're are a lot of stupid the try drinking of the stuff after they have been warned(sorry not meaning to be rude little satire here) and people that were back out there drinking. ... comments about stop taking it thinking they could use it as way to control their drinking. In the end they seem to lose that what Antabuse was able to help them with (long periods of not drinking and living a better life) once they started abusing it that way.
I thought about it for special occasions like a trip I was planning to Ireland. I'll end up not remembering any of Ireland if that's not the worst thing
Do the opposite of what you are planning.
What everyone is saying: don't do it man!  Stay strong and you will thank yourself a million times.  I hope you can find something else to look forward to over that wknd.  Maybe splurge on some junk food?  Another option is if you are indeed planning this and know you cant stop yourself tell your parents right now.  8 months is too big to just throw away.  IWNDWY this weekend.
Was drinking really fun? Not just in the moment (it *is* really fun in the moment) but like in total? Having lived in both the drunk and sober world which are you happier in?..I don't always enjoy being sober. There was a week this month where it honestly just sucked and I would have really liked to just get drunk and forget everything and everyone. It's not that I can't drink anymore. I can. I can drink just fine. I spent ten years proving that beyond any doubt. ..The neat thing about the sober world is I can leave any time. I'm not trapped here. The door's unlocked and it's wide open. I can just walk right out right now if I want to. Go buy a box of wine or a handle of Scotch. Who's gonna stop me? So why not leave when I had a bad week? Maybe I could just get over my week from hell and come back to the sober world later...I stayed in because overall I like this world better. I like the world where I wake up and I know exactly what I did and what I said last night. The world where I wake up knowing exactly where my keys phone and wallet are (on the bedside table where I set them neatly before bed). The world where I can just get in my car anytime and not even have to think about whether I'm good to drive. The world where I'm starting to forget what a hangover even feels like. The world where I don't call in "sick" because I drank too much last night. It's just *nicer* here.
Recovery from alcoholism is hard.  That's why so many can't do it.  Living sober isn't for everyone it takes resolve and persistence.  Don't beat yourself up just get back on track as soon as you want to stop drinking more than you want to keep drinking.  Try not to let the relapse ruin your life too much.  Try to avoid the blackouts and arrests like before.  As soon as you are ready you can get 8 months under your belt again in about ... 8 months say around ~~Thanksgiving~~or Christmas or New Years.  From your age it only took me another 14 years to stop.  Learn from my mistake and don't take as long as me.  Or just start the Antabuse again and keep on not drinking.  The promised deliverance is right around the corner if you can make it a little longer.
Think of how good you'll feel and how proud of yourself you'll (justifiably!) be after you don't. Not if you don't   AFTER you don't because you're going to decide not to...Then decide not to! Say it out loud as often as you need to:  I'm deciding not to drink this weekend.  You can do it. You totally can.
I think the addict life is pretty boring and ordinary.  I mean we all know exactly how that is going to go before it even happens.  That is pretty predictable and boring.  ..It is kind of like how smoking makes every person feel like the unique misunderstood lead character in a dark movie.  But anyone looking from the outside just sees another ordinary slob dumb enough to be hooked on an expensive drug that is killing them...Beating the odds and succeeding is far more interesting to me than being yet another typical case.  I hope you can find the strength to take that pill again.
I think instead of planning your relapse plan what you can do! I would write a shopping list of all your favourite foods and non alcoholic drinks and go shopping before they leave plan all your activities such as movies gaming etc etc and stick to it. The real test is when we are in these situations where we can drink each time you say know your coping mechanisms become much stronger each time. You got this!
I can't hope for inspiration. A huge part of this journey for me was *not* feeling inspired or motivated and *persisting anyway*. Sometimes it meant ignoring myself my rambling thoughts and desperate machinations. Sometimes it meant crying from boredom or what my healing brain perceived as boredom. It meant trusting that I had quit for a reason trusting that change would come...In your shoes it would mean taking the antabuse right now because my heart of hearts knew it was the right thing to do. Feelings pass plans and cravings pass. A single boring weekend passes quite quickly. Why capture the craving and invite it home to wreck your nice house? It doesn't care about you only itself. It passes with a flap of a wing if it can find no purchase...Healing is the thing that endures. Healing is what makes room for inspiration and motivation again. Healing transforms us and in doing transforms life. It took me longer than eight months to get into the deep healing dig beneath the boredom for the gold. But healing is real and it will come for us all if we let it. If we keep going.
