-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc9828/100_days_honestly/

Several months ago I wrote a post called "30 days honestly". And then I relapsed. And then I quit. And then I relapsed. And then I QUIT. On January 1st 2019 I fucking quit. ..So what's it like after 100 days honestly? ..\- I still eat chocolate like way too much chocolate...\- I don't cry over exterminator issues anymore and my body has finally started offering semi-normal reactions to life events...\- But I still cry sometimes. .. \- When I have a shit day my first thought isn't that I need a drink. That's the craziest part about sobriety your brain starts to reprogram itself. ..\- I sleep better...\- My skin looks crazy good. ..And that's all I've got. I couldn't let my triple digit day drift away without saying that I couldn't do this without you all and I will not drink with you today :)
----------immediate responses--------

You are a rockstar. I won't drink with you
Congrats! IWNDWYT.
This is so inspiring! You're where I wish I could get to! I keep getting to months 1 2 and once almost to 3 before relapsing. It is getting easier each time though. And your brain does reprogram itself. I had a really stressful telephone call yesterday and my first was thought after was to go home get my pjs on and cook dinner  
Love this! Reading honest grounded write ups like this help me so much. Thank you
Awesome! Congratulations!..But...What are 'exterminator issues'? Do you mean like killing spiders? (srsly stressful IMHO).
Huge congratulations on your wonderful 100 days of sobriety    
Legend inspiring honest..... fucking love it!!!..Thx for sharing!!..Day 12
Oh my god. The chocolate. So. Much. Chocolate. IWNDWYT but IWECWYT (I will eat chocolate with you today)
Congrats that's great to see you got back on that horse! IWNDWYT!
Congrats on your 100 days! I like the wording "exterminator issues" as well. IWNDWYT
Well done! I'm convinced chocolate is enhanced by sobriety.
I have been blown away by the continuing changes like that.  I had the same observations of myself (minus the ants) in the first 100 - and - in just the last month I've noticed another gear with these dynamics and more.  After leveling off for a few weeks the last 3-4 have netted pleasantly surprising upsides.  Keep it up it really has gotten better and better for me.
me too! 100 days today
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Congrats! We have had similar journeys..I've been on here over 3 years and finally cracked the  ..well in less than 24 hours I will
Congrats!!! IWNDWYT !
chocolate is the top addict snack haha. i was never a chocolate person until i quit drugs and alcohol i'm currently in lyrica withdrawals and the only food that doesn't make me want to puke is full family sized bars.
Man the money I save on booze is now going on deserts when i go out. how did this happen!..We need a stopchocolate sub!
Awesome. And I can't wait for my skin to start looking better (it's definitely a noticeable thing)...Congrats on 100.
Congrats on a big milestone!  I wish you the best!
