-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcd10p/250_days/

Today is 250 days dry. It has been an eye opening experience to say the least. I would have never thought I had the willpower and discipline to abstain the way I have. When I started back in August 2018 it was just to dry out for a month. Now I'm focused on hitting that one year mark! ..&amp;#x200B;..A year ago around this time I was drinking at least 5 tall boys of PBR a night typically more. I drank out of boredom routine and a deep feeling of existential despair that was drowned in masochist way with alcohol. I had just started dating a wonderful guy in January my living situation became less stressful my job was going well (went from temp to permanent) and life was beginning to even out. But I was continuing to drink in excess every. single. night. I had been doing this for about 3 years. ..&amp;#x200B;..Looking back I feel SOOOO much better than I did in April 2018. My anxiety has decreased significantly. My boyfriend and I are still going strong and moving in together in the next month. I quit smoking cigarettes January 1st 2019.  I've began to focus on improving my health and losing weight; I've been committed to this for the past month and have already lost 10lbs (thank you r/loseit)! ..&amp;#x200B;..I guess I just wanted to make this post to recognize this success and stay focused on continuing to stay sober. I get to go to a wedding tomorrow. I'm SO PUMPED to spend time with some of my absolute favorite people and not be so trashed I can't remember or end up making an ass of myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you're struggling today remember that you are so much stronger than you think. Take things by the second the minute the hour or the day. Use the system that's best for you. I went full hermit from social situations for a while and really focused on me for the first time ever. This may not be the best course of action for everyone but this community is an amazing resource. I would not be here if I didn't have this wonderful community and the posts from other people struggling facing working through and overcoming problems/obstacles the same way I am. ..&amp;#x200B;..Remember: You're 100% worth it. Love yourself. ..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 250 hope you have a blast at the wedding!
Congrats on 250 days! Great accomplishment! Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT
CONGRATS! This a huge milestone.
Congratz!!! That's awesome!
