-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcpph1/relapsed_again_last_night_worse_than_ever_i_truly/

I haven't been able to pull together more than a week lately. Started drinking yesterday at 2 PM so that I could get drunk and go to bed early (I can easily fall asleep at 6-7 PM). Of course when 5 or 6 PM rolled around I went and got another bottle because I just wanted to keep going. Stayed up super late talking to a friend on the phone who I don't even like that much because I was drunk and bored and lonely. Woke up at 5 AM anyway because it's impossible for me to sleep in. No sleep hungover. Want to die. Exactly the same place I've been a million times before...I truly cannot do this anymore. I finally see that choosing to drink in any amount will eventually lead to this. This is the disease. I can't keep putting myself through hell...I've convinced myself that I'm going through a hard time drinking is temporary relief that I'll quit later. That I'm a happier and more fun person drinking. That if I only buy a bottle and start drinking early I'll be get a better night's sleep. I'm just so beyond done with rationalizing and delusions and inevitable pain. ..All I want is to fast-forward through today. I NEVER have to feel like this again and that is the only thing keeping me going when I want to curl up in a ball and die thinking about the time and happiness I've wasted away with this substance...Thanks everyone. This is it.
----------immediate responses--------

Try smoking weed instead of drinking bro.
Same thing happened to me last week..I thought I'd have a few beers with my gf when she got home because she'd been away for a week and of course a few beers turned into 15 beers and a bunch of whiskey drinks and getting cocaine and staying up all night
See if there's a meeting in your area right now. Being around people who know that feeling all too well may help.
Personally I abstain from all mood altering substances because I cannot accurately predict the outcome. ..I use a 12 step program and support of like minded people. ..Someone told me early on that I never had to drink or drug again and that sounded good to me. ..Happy joyous and free. IWNDWYT
I hope you find peace soon. Sitting here reading your words of pain and wanting to thank you for sharing it. There are many that can get strength to not drink today because you took the time to post. As you can see from this Sub there is a solution and a path to living free from the obsession of alcohol.   IWNDWYT
I'm in your same situation. Just hang on through today. One hour at a time.
Dude my last relapse was brutal. Shaking stomach jacked no sleep and horrible anxiety. Also drove and don't remember it. I'm still recovering and that was five days ago. I'm slowly feeling better. Man quit that shit it'll kill us if we don't. I got faith in both of us. IWNDWYT
You were able to put 7 days together.  That is a postitive.  Try it again . You may be like  95% of the people  who haunt SD. In that one drink leads to too many drinks and drinking one night means its ok to drink every night. The best treatment  for  that is to not drink. I think it is possible to live a full life without booze.  IWNDWYT
When I felt like you do the only thing that really helped me was talking to real people about my very real problem. For me this meant going to AA and starting to open up. I am 1.5 years sober now and hope to never go back to counting those first days. I hope you know that you are not alone and that there are so many people who have been where you are right now. There is a way out and there is hope. I would encourage you to find a meeting and keep an open mind about AA. I know it has worked for me.
Don't beat up on yourself too hard. Every misstep just gave me more assurance that being sober is better than being drunk. Get some sleep if you can put the world on hold. Once you've had a chance to rest up it will be easier to renew your sobriety. We're all here for you. IWNDWYT.
Go to an AA meeting today if you can. I promise it will help.
Been there. I just finished reading 'Alcohol Explained' by William Porter. My next read will be 'This Naked Mind' by Annie Grace. Both are constantly recommended on this sub. I also have read '7 weeks to Sobriety' by Joan Matthews Larson which deals with the biochemistry of our brains how alcohol messes it up and what nutritional supplements can be used to correct brain chemistry. My point I think just a white knuckle approach is difficult to impossible. I educated myself and still am as to what the heck I am up against. I also found a book 'Drinking Sucks' by Chris Scott that deals with a holistic approach with supplements diet exercise. I still need to commit to the exercise part! Support from a community of like-minded people is also important. ..I know how you are feeling. Take care of yourself. Be kind and forgiving to yourself. You can and will stop putting yourself through hell. Just start with today and keep searching for what you need to stay healthy and sober. I will stay sober with you today. Peace and Blessings.
