-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcpzmf/relapse_after_relapse/

How many times will I lie to myself and say just 1 drink?  How many times can I ask my SO to forgive me for awful behavior? How many times am I going to jeopardize everything because I give in to the voice telling me just one is okay?..Sober people sober places. I just wish everytime I try to go to AA I didnt run into someone outside of the group and they didnt call me out. Why cant people pretend they've never seen me before? I want this to work this time. No more bars no matter the occasion. ..What did it take for it to stick for you guys?
----------immediate responses--------

I got sick of hating myself. My new lifestyle was scary and I wasn't keen on the notion of never drinking again but any life was better than the one I was suffering through more than living. It's shit to reflect negatively on yourself too but I constantly remind myself with shame of who I once was and no amount of drinking certainly not  just one' is worth going back to being that person.
Sick and tired of being sick and tired and watching life pass me by.  What made it stick was realizing and admitting to myself I can never pick up another drink... I am an alcoholic. There is no moderation there is no one drink. There is no going back. (The book Alcohol Explained by William Porter explains it well)..Once a pickle always a pickle...The way to make it stick is not to pick up that first drink it is really that simple.
I realized that for me one drink is delusional. I drank to get drunk and when I tried moderating not only did I fail spectacularly but it was a PAIN in the ass to try and control it. Drinking is like falling on a grenade for me it's not a question of IF there will be damage it is a question of how MUCH damage will be sustained.
I was very protective of myself like you are deciding to be--I don't see it as a sign of weakness that I stayed out of bars and out of the liquor aisle and skipped parties etc.; I see it as strategic. I stayed out of bars because I understood that we aren't just our conscious intentions we are also dumb animals with rote reflexes pressed into the primitive folds of our brains from years of pickling. So I have to be the shepherd. ..Acknowledging areas of vulnerability and dodging them is just smart. I feel strong when I don't overestimate my own power when I respect where I am in the healing process. I am not supposed to be okay right away able to go do the same old things and not be affected...Now I believe these parts of me are integrating and that my conscious mind and my subconscious self want the same good things by design and reflex both. But still the dumb animal is easily led and easily influenced by what it surrounds itself with so I stay out of bars with my nice sobriety the way I stay out of barbershops with my nice long hair. It only takes one idle moment with a hair magazine open to a woman running on the beach and suddenly I'm getting a perm...So I protect myself. I'm protecting my healing and growth as a person; I'm protecting my potential for joy. I've never given myself this kind of care before this kind of respect and space and that I finally feel I am worth protecting is a lesson in true strength for me.
Really applying "one day at a time" got me out of the relapse cycle. If I was going to do mental gymnastics to convince myself "just one".. I could convince myself I could have that pointless "just one" tomorrow if I wanted but for today I'm staying sober. Once I strung together enough time it got easier to be sober I guess through virtue of practice.
You could have a look at "Understanding and learning from relapse" There's a free eBook [download here](https://lyingminds.sixboats.co.nz/links/)
