-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcsrc4/18_days_weekends_feel_especially_tough_i_feel/

It's only been 18 days of sobriety and I feel like I'm struggling a lot. Reading the stories here has been so helpful but I am still so aware of all of the stupid social things I'm missing out on in making this change. I miss my friends and the routine I had before. I don't want a drink as much as I wish so badly I was the kind of person who could have just one drink and I'm so resentful of my own inability and shortcomings.  ..&amp;#x200B;..After 12 years of relying on alcohol so heavily to interact with people or do anything socially making this transition feels so difficult. But I know I'm doing this because I have to because with alcohol I have actually only ever isolated from both myself and from everyone I love. I want to reconnect with myself and figure out the things I actually enjoy doing instead of spending weekends coming up with flimsy plans that are just an excuse for me to drink and do drugs for 15 hours straight. I want to feel confident because I am confident not because I'm four drinks in. I want to have good conversations and not wake up feeling crippling amounts of guilt and dread that completely undermine any connections I made the night before. But right now I still feel really weak and torn between wanting to be left alone and desperately wanting to connect with people and missing my old life...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for reading this and thank you all for making me feel a little bit less alone. Writing out these feelings certainly helped.
----------immediate responses--------

I 100% identify with all of this.  First months were full of the problem of having too much time on my hands and all my friends were heavy drinkers so being around them was very difficult...If you have the means I'd recommend reaching out to a mental health professional.  If they don't click with you find another one.
Get your ass to AA my friend company and assistance with stopping drinking.  ..These people will just try to help and if you are not into thw god thing dont worry about it in the UK they dont push at all.  ..You got nothing to lose.
Stay positive! You got this I know it sucks I am going through the same feeling right now but it's going to pass and things are going to get better. Maybe try and go for a nice walk and enjoy the fresh air. Maybe hit up a coffee shop. Maybe just call up a relative you haven't spoken to in awhile. Those storm clouds are going to pass and after they do the sun will be shinning. Keep your head up and stay strong! IWNDWYT
Loneliness is one of the reasons why I went to AA meetings. I met people who understood what I was going through. I saw that sobriety was possible. I learned sober living skills. ..There is help. I also got a therapist.
