-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd05rs/60_days_the_good_and_the_bad/

The pink cloud may be long gone but I feel as committed as ever to sober living. Trying to choose gratitude over resentment engagement over oblivion and life over death. It takes work to try to make this sustainable. Here's the good and the bad at 60 days...The Bad:.- had a dinner yesterday with friends I was the only one not drinking I went in the other room to help my son go back to sleep came back and felt like I was with different people. Been around people drinking plenty but this felt creepy. I really wanted to get out of there..- I feel untethered trying to build new routines I feel like a rock skipping over water one wrong move and I'll sink.- Anxiety grumpiness fear regret terrible memories. I have to feel them..- diet is pretty bad exercising tons but gained 5 pounds of fat maybe cause I quit smoking too...The Good:.- I am still making positive changes new ones every week sobriety has kicked off a positivity spiral..- I feel alert strong and healthy again..- I ran 10 miles today I'm going to crush a marathon this summer.- I feel connected to my baby and my wife I'm actually around and present..- meditation and mood tracking has for the first time made me feel like my emotions are manageable. That I won't just be tossed around by internal storms floating through my own life. ..The dual strategies of exercise and mental self care (meditation journaling counseling SD) have been absolutely critical. I think once I add diet it will be an even more solid foundation for sobriety...I know I'm not out of the woods or maybe I'm going to bring the woods with me the rest of my life. That's ok tonight I feel strong enough and the fear of relapse is healthy enough...Thank you all as always see you at the daily check-in. I will not drink with you!
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you are doing great. There is no advice I can give to you I will just say: Keep it up!
this is amazing and so well written. When you say you have to face your  Anxiety grumpiness fear regret terrible memories etc? ..  .How has meditation helped with this? Does it no longer control you like it used to?..Also what made you get into meditation? I also meditate but am curious how you got onto it.
*"I'm going to bring the woods with me the rest of my life."* I love this! It is so true. I'm going to wear them like a badge of honor that I am doing the *right thing* even when it gets really tough. Thank you for your words I really enjoyed reading them. IWNDWYT!
A great and honest description of the journey. Progress isn't linear and it certainly isn't easy either. Great job and IWNDWYT!
Your honesty in both your ups and downs is inspiring for me. Thank you so much for posting. iwndwyt
don't be so tough on yourself healing comes with time.
Quitting  smoking  is as difficult as quitting  drinking.   Congratulations on your success in staying sober and quitting  smoking. It qite normal  to be grumpy  when you quit smoking but you are through  it now and have achieved  a  lot.
