-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd3g7r/day_5_checking_in/

Hey all.  It's day 5... I feel like if I can make it through this day  getting to a week won't be too much of a struggle.  Unfortunately  my afternoon plans  which I was counting on to keep me busy (and therefore sober) have been cancelled. I plan to make up a nice long to-do list so I can stay busy.  Boredom is never a good idea for me. ..I've been a freaking awesome mom for the past four days.  I've been crafting and teaching and cleaning and cooking amazing meals... things I barely do when I'm drinking.  I've got my motivation back  and have lost 5 pounds. I have nothing to complain about. ..I haven't yet told my husband about this.  He's out of town  won't be home till day 8. I want to  because I know he'll provide the real life support and accountability I need.  But I don't want to  because I don't want him to be disappointed in me. He doesn't know about the hidden bottles I sip from when he's not in the room.  He thinks my drinking is moderate and controlled.  I hate ruining that for him... hate making him think less of me.  My whole life revolves around keeping up with others' ideas of who I am and what I should be.  Letting any of that go is really hard. ..Anyway  sorry for the ramble.  Posting here keeps me accountable  and it's nice to refer back to previous posts when I need to read them.  Happy Sunday  everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

This is wonderful! Staying busy early on was really helpful for me as well. I think that when you do decide to tell your husband it will not be as bad as you may anticipate. I found out that when I told people closest to me they were maybe surprised but supportive. Most situations I play out in my mind are always ten times worse than reality. It's a bad habit I haven't quite been able to shake off. ..Five days is fantastic you're doing it! ..I will not drink with you today  
I'm on day 5 too and I will not drink with you today.
"*My whole life revolves around keeping up with others' ideas of who I am and what I should be."* Yes I get this completely. ..But without drinking I feel like I'm more who I am and what I want to be. And actually it's not all that much different from what others see of me. I'm just more authentic with myself and feel like the lies of my alcohol consumption are gone. Like you I appeared to be moderating and in control when in fact I was hiding and lying and allowing alcohol to control me every day...Keep being that awesome mom that you naturally are. That really is who you are. The alcohol was keeping you from that along with so much else. This right now is who you really are and your husband will want this too. ..Enjoy your day and IWNDWYT.
You are doing a great thing for your husband your children and mostly you!!!!  Congratulations for bettering your life!  Alcohol can sneak up on you so do not count it as a  friend .  Be weary and distrustful of where it brought you.  And be kind and gentle with yourself!  Have a great day!
