-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd4775/people_who_have_at_some_point_abstained_for_a/

I've been scrolling through some posts and I think it would help not only me but others I've seen on here lately....I think a lot of us in recovery tend to want to skip to the point of having been sober for x number of days/months/years. Obviously that's not how it works. I think it's a good reminder for all of us who have been struggling lately that day 1 is the most important day in recovery - no length of sober time is more important than just staying sober for today....Feel free to add any other comments or pointers   thank you all for keeping me honest and accountable. Iwndwyt!
----------immediate responses--------

Well I stopped for 40 days then relapsed. But I never fell off the wagon after starting again I didn't quit drinking. ..For some reason after that 40 day break I can now control the urge- I think it broke the in stressed so I'm gonna drink association. Now I mostly drink socially and never black out anymore. Idk if this will work for everybody I never really understood falling off the wagon
I got sober for several months and was quite happy.  I did it on  my own' that is to say I had zero input on the matter from other sober people or any resources that I used to get information.  I was not aware that the feeling of having things under control after a period of abstinence was a common side effect of a drinking problem.  So one day when invited to drink with an old friend I drank.  And I fell right down the slippery slope again; funny it wasn't the same as it had been before but yet it was just as terrible.  A couple years later I came across this subreddit and began reading all kinds of enlightening information on our shared condition information that gave me the gift of clarity which I then (a year later mind you) decided to put to use as I went ahead and quit again- this time permanently.  Now I know what the pitfalls are now I know there are common urges and mental games that come along with the territory now I know better the face of the entity which pursues me now I know how to mount my defence.  For me such knowledge is the power which compels me to stick to embracing a life without alcohol.  Knowing what I do not want as my influencer I am free to turn my attention in new directions.  This has brought me to a much more and increasingly satisfying way of living.  **tl;dr**  the first time I quit I didn't know anything about alcoholism this time around I am much better armed with much better odds.
I've had short stints of abstaining (one to three months) and one longer stint. Abstaining is a good word for it - I was just not drinking I wasn't really in recovery. ..My longer stint started off with three months of busting my ass - I made a commitment to post on here every day and I did I made a commitment to go to a support group meeting every day and I came fairly close to hitting that goal I gave therapy a shot I was working on myself and my recovery. After that I had maybe another three months of gradually doing less and less as life took over and my recovery got pushed to the backburner. I was still ashamed of my alcoholism at that point and that shame kept me from prioritizing my recovery. I thought that it was something that was wrong with me and that I should just be able to  get over it.  I was also fairly resistant to looking at my life as a whole in any depth...So gradually I became more isolated again I felt worse and worse I didn't feel able to share how I was feeling or what was going on with me with anybody and I relapsed. It didn't happen instantly it was a process. I coasted for a long time on the work that I did at the beginning but it doesn't last forever and I eventually returned to what I knew would work to help me feel better. Everything that I knew intellectually about alcoholism and my drinking and the joys of sober living didn't mean shit. I felt like garbage and fuck everything I didn't care...My experience with relapse has always been that I struggle to even *want* to get sober again. I've never been a person who tries to quit drinks one night and then comes back the next day to try again. Once I'm out I'm off to the races and it takes reaching a point of real misery to get me to a place where I'm willing to really try sobriety again...I have a great deal of respect for people who come directly back after a relapse. I've had maybe half a dozen badge resets in the five years that I've been coming here. I wish I had a hundred. I would have been so much better off if I had stayed engaged with where I was at honestly acknowledged what I was doing continued to get support and kept trying to get and stay sober...What I have done that is good and has really helped me is that when I am finally ready to admit again that yeah I need to get sober I look at what I did last time to get sober and I make a plan for what I'm going to do this time. I eventually figured out that I need to be willing to do more than I was willing to do the time before because if what I was willing to do the time before was going to be enough it would have worked and I would've relapsed. I can't keep doing the same things and expecting different results...Making a plan helps me get through early sobriety and get to a point where I can function and make better decisions about how to go forward. Early sobriety sucks. It sucks having to sit in the reality of what I did to myself and my life during my relapse. It sucks to have all those bad feelings and to not be able to run away from them. It sucks not knowing how to deal with my feelings or my life and in early sobriety they're both in bad places...The last two times I've gotten sober I've come on here and made a commitment to post daily and go to a support group meeting daily for my first 90 days of sobriety. There have been some other things that I've added to my sobriety plans but those two things have had the biggest payoff for me. And I did them. You can look through my post history. This time around I kept going with both after my 90 days were up because I know now that I continue to need support in my sobriety that it's an ongoing thing...I can't afford to keep relapsing. My drinking could very well kill me. And I'm going to keep losing more things if I do. I'm not talking about *stuff* I'm talking about things that matter - relationships time spent with people who I care about my self-respect and sanity. ..So this time around I'm active in AA. I went to AA meetings before I even got a sponsor and started working the steps but I still wasn't fully committed. This time around I'm doing more to stay sober than I was willing to do the last time around so I'm fully committed to working a real AA program. I go to fellowship. I continue to go to meetings and work with a sponsor. I tell other sober alcoholics when I have an issue in my life that is troubling me...AA is not the only way to get sober but I can see that it is something that works for a lot of people. I know people with long term sobriety who are active in AA. I have run into a lot of people who I knew from going to meetings four years ago who are still sober and who have grown as people. I relapsed they stayed sober and continued developing. That is what I want so I'm following their example and doing what they are doing...I'm sure that there's plenty of other people who have long term sobriety who aren't in AA and like I said I'm sure that there are other ways to establish quality long-term sobriety. But I can't afford to keep doing it by trial and error. Every relapse costs me. Every relapse is a battle to make it back and there's definitely no guarantee that I'd even make it back. So I'm doing something that I know works for a lot of people I'm getting help and I'm taking suggestions. Now that I'm doing it fully and really engaging with the program I'm getting so much out of it. ..I was extremely reluctant about AA. I went to my first meeting almost nine years ago agnostic at best and bitter about religion. It took me eight years of not being able to get sober on my own with my addiction gradually getting worse to reach the point where I was willing to sincerely give up my own ideas about what was good for me and give it an honest try. My ideas have not worked so far and I can't afford to keep trying them. So I'm doing what I know works. And it's working. SD has helped me a ton but I can't stay sober just through SD. Therapy has also helped but therapy wasn't enough for me on its own.
Sober for 200 days. Drank. Everything is now harder. I seriously do not recommend drinking again after already stopping for me it was not as easy as "I've done it before I can do it again" like I thought it would be. I'm down to answer questions.
I did around 3 months sober. In that time I lost \~40 lbs felt great everything was excellent...&amp;#x200B;..Started dipping my toe in casually to drinking again then quickly slipped right back to old habits. Over a 9 month time frame I gained back the vast majority of the weight I lost got puffy again and felt like shit. ..&amp;#x200B;..I found it really really EASY to slip back but man did it feel awful. It was incredibly depressing. Trying to stick to sobriety without engaging some method of support was a mistake and one I'm revisiting now.
