-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdc7yx/day_3/

This sucks and im struggling so much any pointers?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah it does suck. But short term pain is a small entry fee for a lifetime of improvement. ..Try to surround yourself with the positive stories right now and know that you are not alone. I spent years drinking my life away I am still patient with myself knowing that it will take the same amount of time and more to repair myself. ..Do something rewarding like exercise or a hobby. Clean something. Keep reading here on SD. Live minute by minute *then* hour by hour *then* day by day.
what if this were just a normal work week and you were actually going to have a drink in a few days?..suddenly its not so bad. You're not quitting drinking. You're just holding off until next weekend...By then you're going to feel pretty damn good and ready to fucking party. So rest is good...Now imagine it's Friday. Just finished a produxtive week and it's going to feel damn good to finally have a drink. You close your eyes and just thr thought of it fills you with joy...But then you realize you're already feeling pretty good just from the sheer thought of letting loose and having a good time. Plus your not hungover. So why not ride that good feelingout a little?..You dont need to quit forever. You just need to make the decision to hold off today. After all you're free and no one can stop you...When I imagine myself going to a party and ready to have that first drink it has a physiolocal effect. Sure I may want to party but I sure as shit dont want to feel hungover or depressed. I'd rather just keep feeling good...Hope this helps. Not exactly the usual advice.
If I were you I would eat whatever the hell I wanted.  Want to drink a Coke do it.  Twix? Pizza? Dooooo it.  Days 1 - Now I told myself that I could have whatever I wanted as long as it wasn't alcohol.  ..I've tapered off of the sugar and junk method over the last few days...but it got me here so... that's something.  ..You can do this! IWNDWYT!
Day 3 is the worst. ..I did my best keeping busy during my prime drinking hours I'd changed my gym time or I'd go for a drive anything to keep me out of the house and thinking about it. ..Load up on sugar and eat whatever you want baby. Nothing wrong with some comfort food right now. Alcohol is converted into sugars in your body so you're probably having general sugar cravings as well. Sour jelly beans are my jam this time around.
