-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdepyr/staying_sober_when_your_partner_still_drinks/

First post here :) I've been sober for nearly three months and couldn't be happier with that decision.  I had been drinking since late high school. I'm 35 now and had really been struggling with panic attacks toward the end of my drinking. I feel so much calmer at this point and panic attacks have almost entirely stopped coming I'm spending so much more quality time with my son (I share custody with his father) I'm feeling much more confident at work.  My boyfriend and I have been together almost 2 years now and although we are really happy most of the time he does still drink pretty hard when he drinks which is anytime my son is with his dad. So that really precludes us from date nights and stuff like that. He's been happy for me that I've been staying sober and feeling better. At the same time though I feel like pretty often I have to be at the bar to hang out with him. I haven't felt tempted to drink but hanging out with a bunch of really drunk people has not so much been pleasant. Now and then he will take a night off and go to the movies with me but he seems kind of wistful and wanting to go to the bar right after. If it's early in the day he will hang out with me but there's almost always a sporting event he  has to  watch at the bar later on. I encourage him to cut back but I realize I can't twist his arm. This is what he was doing when we met and what I was doing when we met so I can't very well demand anything.  It's to a point now where I can't stand the smell when he comes home and we sleep in separate rooms those nights which we both don't like but we can both sleep at least. ...Just wondering what others' experiences have been with this. Long term I'm not looking to continue this pattern with us.
----------immediate responses--------

My wife still drinks. Sometimes she will get drunk and just not stop talking. Like to the point that she knows that I am not listening but just keeps talking at me. If she wants to go out to a bar or something I let her go by her self. I won't go. I think she feels guilty drinking while we are out together so unless we are home she doesn't get drunk. Our sex life has been interesting to say the least I guess
I can't be around people when I'm sober if they're drunk so it definitely wouldn't work if my gf chose to drink when I wasn't drinking
Yep. That's a tough one. My husband doesn't drink to excess MOST times but he like his beers on the weekend and I can smell it on him when he comes in from "working" in the garage. He doesn't keep any in the house but probably in the trunk of his car. Idk. He plans stuff for us like going to concerts baseball games etc where there is a lot of drinking usually. (Or at least they are triggers for me). I do feel as if it would easier if were just me sometimes. But we've been married 30 years and drinking was a BIG part of our past. He is not an alcoholic so he likes to go to events where there is drinking (like watching the Super Bowl in Vegas etc). I usually just don't go but I think it triggers me with just the thought of it. I've decided we are going to go to counseling together with my addictions counselor. Not just a one off session but for a while. We need to figure out how to be together without cramping his life or MINE! Good luck to you. It's not easy.
I'm struggling with the same thing. I've been sober for 2 months but my husband still drinks at least a 12 pack both Friday and Saturday nights. I find myself working a lot of weekend overtime just to get away from him. .Saturday we went bowling with our adult children and by the middle of the second game he was slurring and I was embarrassed. .I wish I had some advice but I don't. Just wanted to share. You definitely aren't alone.
It's good that you are realistic about this not being a sustainable pattern. As painful as breakups are I personally could not be in a relationship with someone like that. You have undergone a huge change in getting sober and that brings major changes in life. Regardless of what happens to this relationship know that you are doing the right thing in being sober. Good luck IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  I think that solutions will appear  with time You ha ve changed and he will change too with time. I  think you  have a reasonable  attitude.  My wife  still  drinks  but she doesn't drink much anymore.  Her consumption  is quite low.
