-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdnkv9/forever_an_oddball_even_when_i_expect_to_bond/

Met up with a very old friend this weekend who had reached out to my husband saying he was living nearby for a while and recently out of rehab. I was soooo excited to see him and share our nearly matching (?) life changes due to quitting drinking late last year. All I knew is that he went to rehab but I learned he went to a fancy facility after detoxing on his couch(!) with drugs given him by the ER. It sounded horrible and very dangerous. I wasn't physically dependent and detoxed with just a multi-day hangover while continuing to go to work no rehab visits and only three Xanax my dr gave me for panic attacks.  ..The more we chatted the more it seemed like we saw everything about recovery differently. The biggest difference is that he says he's relapsed "a couple of times" (in four months?) and seems to want to get back to drinking. He said everyone was telling him to quit- his Dr his job his family. And no one was telling me to quit. I was "functioning" and my therapist is of the harm-reduction school and referred to my drinking as "hitting the pause button on my life." My husband didn't ask me to quit and questioned why I couldn't just moderate...I don't know what my point is here and I apologize. My cravings are mostly gone and I have no desire to return to the physical pain and mental anxiety of drinking. I know I can't moderate so it's not even an option in my brain. I guess I'm lucky? But I feel here in sobriety as in the rest of the drinking world an oddball.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello fellow oddball! Actually I think we've got it right. At least it makes more sense to me anyway. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
In my opinion he hasn't hit his bottom yet which is scary based on your description. It sounds like you are on a great path in recovery. I do not think you sound odd or out of place. Sounds like he's already planning his big relapse. ..You sound like me in the sense we quit at a  high bottom  (no job loss family loss legal trouble or health issues for me). I had enough internal pain and suffering to get me to make my recovery my priority. ..What's the insane behavior: contemplating drinking again when you had to go to the ER and Inpatient and your whole life is telling you you need to quit OR recognizing *you* want to quit and following that path?..Keep on keeping on.
I think that level of acceptance is a precious and wonderful gift.  It's carried me a great distance passing by much heartache skipping over a lot of issues I don't need to concern myself with much directly because of the acceptance.  I'm lucky I realize moderation is a myth I'm lucky this recovery stuff makes sense I'm grateful my mind is cooperating with the process and it's a simple choice for me.  Oddball or not it's like winning the recovery lottery.
I quit without anyone asking me to without rehab or an intervention. Sobriety is still the best decision I've ever made and one of the things I am most proud of. ..It sucks to think you're going to have a buddy and then realize you're coming from different places. ..You do you. IWNDWYT   
&gt; He said everyone was telling him to quit- his Dr his job his family...He has want to quit for himself because *he* wants to. Quitting for others is a recipe for disaster. I was sent to rehab and only went to get people off my back I was already planning on continuing to drink when I got out. Lucky for me I had my rock bottom there and changed my tune I ended up wanting to be there and wanting to quit for me. If I had never had that change in attitude I would have failed spectacularly...It sounds like you are both on a recovery elevator your's is going up and his is heading down to the basement.
