-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdrh19/a_life_changing_decision_3_months_ago/

(F40) I used to drink at least 3 bottles of wine at home every night. When I went out I would drink wine and shots and anything that would get me absolutely hammered. This had been my life for 5years plus. I piled on weight and was a mess. .I used to read this sub to try to stop drinking but I never could. I used to wonder how you guys could do it it was beyond me at the time. .I also thought it was funny to go on reddit and post ridiculous comments that weren't true because in my drunken state this was 'funny'.  Next day I would cringe a bit but it wouldn't stop me. You can look at my history. I don't even know how to delete them. .My mum died suddenly on December 9th last year and my world fell apart. I still miss her every day..I decided on January 4th that's it I'm not drinking anymore and join SW to loose weight. That's what my mum would have wanted. She hated me drinking and was always encouraging me to loose weight. .So here I am now 3 stone (42pounds) lighter and haven't touched a drop of alcohol  since. I have alot more weight to lose but I will get there. .I struggled sleeping for weeks and found it strange not having my best friend wine every night. But now I can't imagine having a drink ever again. I was a complete idiot drunk. Forever apologizing to my friends for my drunken behaviour. .I definitely made the right decision. I'm sure my mum would have been proud. My dad certainly is!.I love this sub it definitely helped me when I thought I wouldn't be able to stick to it back in January. .Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a great decision! Hang in there you can do this one day at a time.  **IWNDWYT!**
Congrats that is awesome - thank you for sharing! I can't wait to get 3 months under my belt.
I hear you about being an idiot drunk. One of the many great things about being sober is not having to worry about what you might feel like you need to apologize for from the night before. Take control back and hold onto it. You are the boss of you! Keep going.
Congratulations!
This is an amazing story. To go from where you were to where you are now took real courage and willpower. You should be so proud of yourself. And 3 stone?! Wow! IWNDWYT
I'm sorry for your loss. Sometimes these big life events push us to look at things differently. Keep going! It sounds like good things are happening in your life...IWNDWYT
Congratulations on the 3 months there! I'm sure you are feeling a little bit better everyday. I sobered up 20 days after my grandmother passed away. I feel like there's a direct correlation so I continue to stay sober in her name. You can achieve a lot if you abstain from alcohol... keep winning the battles!
Wow that is an awesome story-great job keep it up!!
you are doing great the hardest part I found was to build a life that did not involve alcohol...
Congrats. You've got this  
Every single aspect of my life has improved since I quit drinking. Sure there are some bad days.  I have some god awful days to be honest.  But there is always the promise of a fresh start when morning comes.  Alcohol takes that fresh start away.  It's so easy to brings yesterday's failure along with you when alcohol is still lingering.
Congrats on 3 months and you are right your mom would be proud!  I still cringe when I think of my drunken behavior and even though I wish I could erase those thoughts it does help me stay sober.
It's amazing how eliminating one aspect of your life can completely simplify so many other aspects. IWNDWYT!
So sorry for your loss...Congrats on 3 months!
Congratulations.   I can relate same age and same amount of alcohol consumption. 5 years of my life wasted... I am only 9 days sober. Hoping to get some months sober.   Awesome job!
So sorry for your loss. Great job on 3 months! I am sore your mom would be so proud. IWNDWYT
Amazing success keep it up and bottle down :) Yes the weight will go down as a gift. Isn't amazing to loose weight just cause you do not DO something?
Will and desire is a winning combination. I had neither for so long. I'm coming up on 6months in a few days (3rd time around) and I truly feel reborn. Everything I do and the entire world for that matter is like a new experience as a sober person and I am to 39 years old this year...I wish you strength on this journey.
I am with you Sister. I was also at 3 bottles of wine a night (36F). I'm so glad you are here!
What a great story!  I don't know you but I'm proud of you!
Proud of you
That's amazing!! Keep it going!
J
I tell people and their first reaction is what did you replace it with because people blah blah blah.  I guess its not possible to live completely sober in people's eyes.
Your situation is similar to mine. I'm 38 and was drinking 3 bottles of wine a day and I've lost 40 pounds too!..It's a huge weight off my chest to be finally done with it. Good job and good luck!..IWNDWYT
Well done! Thank you for sharing your story.
You proved it is possible to change for the better! Congrats. Your mom would be so proud. I hope you are enjoying your freedom!
Well done   
Congrats on the 3 months and I'm so sorry to hear about your mom. I lost mine in 2010 and it's still so hard navigating life without her. Turning your efforts towards your health is incredible - keep it up!!
Alles Gute...
Outstanding and congratulations. Remember alcohol is tricky stuff and it will try to convince you at some point that you can control it again. If the urges creep back in consider getting into a support group. You've been through a lot and you don't have to do it alone. There are lots of us out here in the world sharing the struggle. Good luck and chin up.
I'm so happy for you! My mom passed away about 6 months ago and I'm still struggling a lot with grief. Also with sobriety. Your post is inspirational!
She's proud I'm proud we're proud!! May God bless you and well done.
"I also thought it was funny to go on reddit and post ridiculous comments"..I have been personally attacked
You're awesome well done.
One day at a time! This time last year I was struggling to stay sober relapsing and relapsing but I just kept trying and now I am almost nine months sober and happy in ways I did not know were possible. Thank you so much for your honest post. I don't respond to these often but something about your post really spoke to me -- I think it was your hope. I know it's not for everyone but AA was the one thing that really helped me STAY sober. Whatever recovery path unfolds before you congratulations on doing the right things for yourself! You got this!
Awesome!
Congrats!
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!!  That is amazing.  You're a strong woman.  I stopped at 40 as well (also woman).  It's taken time for it to be the new normal but I truly don't want to go back to where I was.  I have occasional moments of wistfulness but that's just my faulty memory romanticizing what was really a sad descent into apathy depression and anxiety not to mention bad decisions!  You posted on Reddit I twerked against a wall in a bar (I was 40!  And not one who twerks!).  Anyhoo just sending you lots of love support and encouragement to keep showing up here especially when the thrill of sobriety fades and you start reminiscing about how good a drink (or 10) felt.
I'm very sorry for your loss. Your mum IS proud of you.   
Keep it up! IWNDWYT
I'm so so happy for you! Keep up the good work and IWNDWYT!
I drink like you do.  Wine shots beer whatever.  It is horrible.  Keep going.  Hungover at work as I write.
Heart goes out to you.  Brilliant work.  Love your honesty.  You are doing something good here.  "it was beyond me at the time" - I know what you mean ( I am only emerging now after quite a long time in the wilderness).  Sounds like now is the right time for you to do this.  Keep doing what you are doing.
Hi hello! I'm you from the past where it seems impossible to not drink. Thanks for the perspective - maybe someday I'll be where you are now.
IWNDWYT
Did you do any sort of taper when you chose to stop drinking? ..3 bottles per day seems like it would be rough to come down from if you went cold-turkey but I'm proud of you either way! Condolences about you loss and hopefully things continue to improve in your life.
I'm so glad you turned something positive out of such a sad situation. Keep on living your best life.
Wow you have more optimism than 20 regular people.  Thanks so much for sharing it!
Congratulations ... your story really resonates with me. I used to look at people in triple numbers and feel so jealous ... now I'm one of em! IWNDWYT X
Thank you for sharing this. I find it helpful to read about other people's motivations for getting clean &amp; sober. ..&amp;#x200B;..I am sincerely inspired by your achievements.
I was a stupid drunk that had to look through his message history every morning to see what I did last night if I hadn't already deleted it.  It's a hard row to hoe being sober but you've made it three months and you'll make it three more and three more.  And those days you doubt if you can't go on we'll be here to help.  You got this and I won't drink with you today.
You're not alone.. Ive done that comment thing too.
Wow congrats to you. Especially on the weight loss very impressive!
Moderation.
