-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/be2nkb/what_has_helped_me_thus_far/

I was a problem drinker for a couple of years I could never control my binges. But a few months ago something in my soul or spirit shifted and I knew I was ready for a change. I ran with it and haven't looked back. ..Somethings that have helped me on my journey are fitness and diet. Make small changes at a time and make these a priority. Commit to them. Commitment is key as is consistency. I now lift weights and jog 5 or 6 days a week. The changes I've noticed have helped my confidence and insecurities more than I can say...I changed my friend group and got out of a stressful relationship. When I hear things that some people from my past have said about me to others I reach out to them and we either deal with the issue or we don't. And I move on. I never repay gossip about me with gossip about the other person. This has helped me repair relationships (I can then decide whether or not to continue the friendship) and it has helped me learn how to also let go...I read everyday and I write everyday even if it's just the 3 things that brought joy to my day that I list before bed while I wind down. I keep a journal beside my bed (or sometimes in my bed lol) in my purse and in my car. I never know when I'll need to sit down and write things out for a few minutes so I try to always have one within reach. Writing has been very therapeutic...I've also learned how to sit with my feelings good or bad. Meditation helps me with this. Also if someone has annoyed frustrated or angered me I find that praying for them is the best way to move past it. It's hard to be angry with someone that you're praying for. I'm not particularly religious but it still helps or we can call it well-wishing. This has been a huge help for my mental health as I'm prone to ruminate on negative things. ..I also made a commitment to not date and be celibate for one year similar to AA. This year the focus is on my mental health my physical health and my personal growth. After the year is up I'll reflect and maybe be single for longer who knows. I do well on my own as I love to have time alone...I have a "sober buddy" that I can talk to about drinking. It's my sister. She's had her struggles as well. Her's even more recent than mine. I helped pull her "off the ledge" and we've gotten closer than we've ever been. She's pretty much my best friend now. I'm loving our newfound connection...This subreddit has also helped a lot. I don't post often but I've been around for a while. I've posted frustrations because almost everyone here understands. There's no judgement. I can vent I can share goals that I've reached the good the bad pretty much anything and someone here will understand. It's nice to have a place to go where you're just accepted. Flaws and all. ..I don't count my sober days. I do remember the exact day that I felt a "shift" so I could count if I wanted but I don't find that it helps me as much as others. I just see it as the day my life changed because so much has changed. I didn't just stop drinking I changed my entire life. ...After I started putting all this into practice I can't tell you how much my life has changed for the better. I hope this helps someone like it's helped me...Thanks to anyone who took the time to read this. I know it's long but it's been a great journey and I just wanted to share how grateful and hopeful I'm feeling. For the first time in a long time there's a light at the end of the tunnel and for once it isn't a train!..Iwndwyt!
----------immediate responses--------

I love this post I'm very pleased to read how happy you are now and how much benefit you're bringing into your life these days.  It's a beautiful thing!  I will gladly not be drinking with you
Never thought about the journal idea before but it really speaks to me. I might start trying that from tomorrow onwards since writing is a nice way to get all the negative emotions out
  IWNDWYT
Great advice thank you!
Thanks for sharing! That's good that you address people directly with any issues instead of being petty and also send them good thoughts. I admire that and think that's a much better and productive approach. As far as the physical aspect of recovery I did start the P90X3 workout program the same day I quit drinking so I had a double focus which seemed to help get me through the initial hump. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
Thank you.  Sometimes I just wish I could have lunch or coffee with people like you!
Your post was radiant. Truly. That's the word that keeps coming up as I read your words. ..Thank you. ..You are totally living your best dang life...Yes!!!!!
This is very inspiring thank you. Curious about this 'shift' you talk about. Was it an event or a feeling? IWDWYT :)
