-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/be9wr7/my_dark_sinister_disgusting_alter_ego/

Hello everyone. The support here is incredible so I'll just get right to it - after months of feeling great sleeping well and being my productive industrious self I relapsed. Hard. I literally have no idea why; the only explanation I can think of is that really impulsive nature so many alcoholics struggle with. It was a split-second decision that was very nearly the end of me as usual. See I'm a binge drinker so I can go long periods of time without drinking but when I do... my god. It's quite literally insanity; has anyone else experienced what I can only describe as temporary psychosis from drinking?..So here's what went down... one stupid drink of course turned into me slamming vodka straight out of the bottle in a public restroom. I lost my mind... I didn't know where I was couldn't be helpful even to myself as kind strangers tried to help me (I'm a thin white girl so tbh people are often much nicer to me than I deserve). ..Ended up at my mom's house who just couldn't wrap her mind around the fact that I had somehow done it again. She got scared justifiably and the police were called... I instantly turn into a little snot-nosed shit who thinks her poo smells like roses. Literally called the cop an idiot belittled his profession said how I should take his gun so I can shoot him in the foot before he does it himself anyway (what the actual f?! I've never even shot a gun in my life). That's where he had had enough. Body slammed me against his car was super rough with handcuffs... I was kicking and screaming. Ah... it pains me to think of this. I'm not a violent person quite the opposite... ..How does alcohol do this to us?!! It's like straight up body snatchers level stuff. I spent the night in the psych ward of the hospital where I did the same thing to staff until I sobered up... mocking people who were just trying to help me acting like I'm hot shit when in reality I'm in a damn psych ward in those horrible scrubs wasted out of my mind. When I sobered up I sheepishly apologized and they were like  don't worry about it; worry about staying sober.  Point taken. I'd say lesson learned but I've learned that particular lesson many times...First thing I did when I was discharged? Walked my sorry ass to an AA meeting and raised my hand. Didn't divulge all the horrid details but did confess that I was back to day one and needed help. They rallied for me :) this is a setback indeed but not the end of my journey. I feel truly privileged to be able to say that. Just for today... IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Great for you for getting your sorry ass to an AA meeting!! That really rocks. I was once on a "mental ward" in Hong Kong. I don't know what I did exactly to get there but I do remember being surrounded by the police in their drab green uniforms. I remember treating the doctor horrendously. I was livid and incensed that I came to in a mental ward! (It actually said "mental ward" on the gown bin in the room). How dare they?!! Fucking nuts (me). I too am a generally non-violent polite gal when unintoxicated. With alcohol in me idk evil twin. Feel possessed. (Maybe so). Sorry you had that experience but again the fact that you sought help right afterward shows your commitment. Stay of the sauce! I will too!
Thanks for your honesty.  Stories like this help remind me I can never pick up a drink...Never....IWNDWYT.
This is exactly what I can relate to. My ex boyfriend said I was Medusa when i got drunk.  It is so embarrassing for me. I have lost so much credibility from loved ones.  Good for you for going back to AA. I need to do the same. ..I think because we dont drink all the time or daily it's easier for us to forget how bad it gets after some time of sobriety. At least that is what happens to me. At about 3 weeks my brain starts telling me that of course I can drink normally everyone else can and I dont want to feel left out. This time I am staying away from bars and any social events until I feel I am ready and have quite some time of sobriety strung together.  I know I am an alcoholic so I need to stay away from triggering environments. But yeah it sucks I feel for you. I feel like I am a gremlin when it comes to drinking. Ugh.  IWNDWYT
