-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bemqrt/the_love_of_my_life_is_in_rehab/

The love of my life is in rehab and I could not be more proud of him. He is a veteran who served in Afghanistan and struggles with PTSD and alcohol addiction. Our relationship has been a long journey of him finally being able to admit that he has a problem with alcohol while still trying to be able to drink a few beers here and there but it's never just a few. ..We got engaged in December and he is still struggling so hard. I hate the way he changes when he drinks. I hate the shame and sadness it brings him because he is THE best person I've ever met. Last night he called me and told me he had been drinking and he was checking himself into rehab. I wanted to be there so badly but I'm an hour away at college...I talked to him this morning and he told me he's ashamed but doing okay. He begged me not to break up with him and I told him I want to marry him now more than ever because of how proud I am of him. As soon as he gets out I'm sending him to this sub cause you guys are all awesome!! Keep it up there are so many people who are proud of you and love you so much. You've got this  ..P.S. Any tips on what I can say to his work? He works in a factory so I'm trying to get ahold of the plant manager.
----------immediate responses--------

Iraq war vet here I've struggled with alcohol and pill usage since coming home 12 years ago. I finally kicked the pills and working on the alcohol. My wife still gets hurt by the fact I won't discuss what happened to me over there. ..Don't take it personally if he won't tell you it's between him and his fellow soldiers. My knows my triggers and has put a lot of it together. I just can't say it out loud without tears....PS. I understand his shame but what he needs to hear is he is stronger for going. Weakness is drowning your sorrows bravery is facing them.
Who's cutting the onion in here?
It's awesome he made the choice to check into rehab.  That right there is a huge step.  I would say as for his work I would talk to the Human resources instead of the plant manager.  Human resources can direct you on how the company will approach it and also it allows more control on who knows in the factory.
