-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bezil9/need_help_with_creating_selfcompassion_how_do_i/

I have been sober 4 months now. I'm struggling a lot with feeling so much regret and shame - not for any single instances but just that I have wasted so much time. I'm in a dead end job with no career prospects and no savings and no ideas or dreams of what I want to do for a career. I feel so behind my peers that I will never catch up and have a job and accomplishments I am proud of. These cycling thoughts - so much wasted time so much self-sabotage so much ignorance of reality - are holding me back from making any progress in finding a new job or career...How do you cultivate self compassion? I am really beating myself up over my career decisions for the past ten years. It feels hopeless.
----------immediate responses--------

I started out listening to motivational speakers on YouTube. Some of their stories are very inspiring. It puts you into a "it's never too late" mindset...Hope this helps! It helped me quite a bit.
Joining Refuge Recovery online meetings might help especially if your thinking aligns with Tara Brach's thinking.
I understand precisely how you're feeling. I'm 26 and I am going to be getting my undergraduate degree at the end of this Fall. School was always something that was super important to me and I definitely dealt with the regret of squandering my potential. Some days I still get an overwhelming sense of dreadful "What have I done with my life" feeling. What works for me is to just fucking talk about it to be honest. I go to AA and have gone through the steps and have my own HP. Even on days where I don't feel like anything is worth it I make absolutely sure to make a commitment to go to a meeting and talk about how I'm feeling and what I'm going through. Some days it helps immediately some days I don't feel like it does shit. But I KNOW from past experiences that it does *something* good. To me it sounds like you're getting all caught up in the what-if's about the future and the past. I still get those thoughts too. But I have tools now to help mitigate the anxiety those thoughts cause. I talk about them and I constantly get reminded of just how crucial and true "one day at a time" is. I'm here for you if you ever want to vent because that works for me. Feel free to reach out whenever and keep your head up. It will get better. And don't forget to give yourself wins and congratulate yourself for the things you have accomplished big or small. ..Another hard thing for me is letting myself be loved. I was at my home group last night and cried and cried about this breakup I'm going through. And some of my groupmembers who've been coming to the meeting for a while stayed forty five minutes after the end of the meeting to just sit with me and be there for me. If they can love me for who I am despite my weaknesses and flaws then I can let myself love myself. You can do the same. ..Like I said feel free to reach out if you need anything. I tend to think myself into a deep dark pit and I find what helps me get out of that pit is grabbing on to another alcoholic and yelling my shit at them. ..Much love..Chris
A quote I love from Brene Brown is "Talk to yourself like someone you love."  Her books really help me too. I'm sending positive thoughts your way!
I found that doing volunteer and service work allowed me to quit thinking about my own lot in life and be thankful for what I had. I met people I never would have met had I stayed concentrated on my own situation. Sometimes it was helping out at AA clubs but eventually included other volunteer opportunities. Virtually every community is filled with opportunities that require very little time or effort but are very rewarding. Special Olympics always needs adult volunteers. Everyone has some type of skill they can bring to the table.
