-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf0czq/relapsed_on_sunday_after_six_months/

Fortunately I am on my second day sober so I'm left with four drunk days where I couldn't work drive or take care of myself...I had a lot of emotional churning after seeing an ex at a local social event the prior Saturday.   I have held out for several years that I would reconcile with my ex and I have come to realize (after my binge) that my attachment is unhealthy for me.  My attachment to her affects my judgment (where I will go where I might see her etc) and ultimately affects my sobriety.  It is my deepest regret and biggest resentment all rolled into one...I am going to let go of my mental image of her/us and what might have been and focus on my well being and count this four days as a little required research.  That is what I am going to do different this time - stop showing up at social events where she hangs out meditate more regularly and do some reading on unhealthy attachment in love.     ..I know if it had gone on another week I would have lost a lot of work.  Fuck.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Some don't make it back so quickly. Some don't make it back at all. IWNDWYT
Proud of you. I'm on day two after being on and off for two years and I realized drinking one tall boy the night before last set my.Immune system down so today I feel like shit and I happen to have a free day off which I planned to get out and about. It's okay. Just a reminder. ..We got this.
This... I can really relate to this. I've discovered that it isn't my actual ex that I miss but rather all the amazing memories and the feelings I had while being with him. It's been a huge pivotal point for me to finally realize this and has helped in keeping me on track to not drink..Here's hoping you'll find your own pivotal point soon!  IWNDWYT
I'm glad you're back; many don't make it. I needed lots of support to learn how to live a sober happy life. Therapy AA meetings and treatment gave me the tools I needed.
Yup kudos on bouncing back so quickly. When I fall I tend to drag the drinking binge out a little longer than I should. .IWNDWYT  
Good luck. Always remember that not drinking may not have saved the relationship in the first place. While possible that the drinking ruined it you can't be sure that having given up earlier would have ensured everything was rosey. Try not to hold onto that regret and self pity too much as it leads you down a dark path.
Fuck man. You hit me at home. I have the same issues &amp; i havent been with her in years and seen her in years as well. I often fantasize about running into her and what it would be like now that im clean (she knew me only in my addiction). And then i build up these expectations of where to go where she might be. But the thing is! Every time ive reached out to her man she says she doesnt know what to say its clear she's moved on but im still stuck. Despite massive improvements in all areas of my life this one is like an anchor that i cant seem to let go of. Thanks for posting &amp; best wishes on your journey.
I feel this. I went 50+ days and went on a bender bc that first night I thought of my ex. It's rough.
I know how it is and its brutal the ex stuff. Don't let anybody win because you are the most important one sober. Peace
I can relate having an ex around and still in your thoughts is tough. Mine and her family still pop up in my dreams almost weekly.. Glad you are back and continuing your journey. Keep your head up we are here for you. IWNDWYT
Welcome back...after my last relapse it took me 8 months of solid drinking to get back to where we both are now! As you say look at it as 'research'. You researched boozing and soon realised it wasn't as great as you remember. Job done and welcome on board! P.S. I blew it with my 'true one' with booze...believe me we're not alone in that in this group!
Change what should be changed. ..Accept what you can't change. ..And be smart enough to work out which is which...&amp;#x200B;..When you walk away from that part of your past you will find a new freedom. You've done this before so you know you can do it again. Onwards and upwards!
