-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf33f6/a_huge_thank_you_for_today/

This morning was my first post here (and my first post or real interaction with reddit or anything like this). I was struggling so badly and I was confused and lost...I didn't really expect to  meet  so many wise and caring people. You got me through the last 6 hours. The honesty that was sincerely and KINDLY displayed to me is beyond anything I deserve or imagined. ..I know we are strangers but I will not think of any of us that way anymore. I just want to say thanks and that my mood has improved just by knowing that I am not alone.  ..Mostly I want to encourage people who have never reached out here to do so if they need to. It really did get me through a very rough day. I hope I can repay this for someone one day...Still not drinking with you today! (Because of you).
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you got through the last 6 hours and still not drinking! We are all in this together! IWNDWYT
I couldn't agree more. I made my first post last night and I have been blown away by the amount of care and support I have received from total strangers who are no longer strangers to me. We're all in this together.
Welcome aboard! IWNDWYT
I like your name! I hope you get to fly free littlebirdthree! IWNDWYT
Hello. My name is John and I would like to help to reinforce the hope you have found here so far. ..First I commend you on reaching out and admitting you need help. A huge step. ..I too remember the desperation and not knowing where to turn. But you will find a massive amount of support and encouragement here. ..I learned to do it 1 day at a time.  Keep it simple. Give time time. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.         
In reference to your user name:.. `Woke up this morning smile with the rising sun (Yeah-Yeah!)`  .`Three little birds pitched by my doorstep (Yo-Yo!)`  .`Singing sweet songs (hey now) of melodies pure and true (Hey now!)` ..Not sure if that was what you were referring to but its a nice image for a sober morning. ..Those 6 hours count man! Well done IWNDWYT
