-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf4jqz/ten_years_sober_today/

I have  hit a great milestone in my recovery today. I'm very proud of how far I've come and how much I've changed...I remember when I couldn't go a day without using. Sacrificing relationships with those I love to feed my addiction. Feeling terrible about the things I would do every day and still use in spite of those feelings. ..Fast forward ten years and a lot has changed. I no longer need mood altering substances to get through my day. The anxiety and fear that crippled me is still present; however I can now face it head on. I have a successful career and great lasting relationships. My life is truely a gift. ..It hasn't all been rainbows. I still struggle with honesty when it comes to addiction. I have been dishonest with my SO with my cigarette addiction for the last five years and today of all days it blew up in my face. I let myself get comfortable in the lies that I told her so I can continue smoking. It isn't the smoking that was the problem It's the deception I used to hide it.  I write this as she is gone. No idea where she is and we're supposed to celebrate with friends in just over an hour...Let this be a lesson for you all including myself. Regardless of how much time I  have sober I can't reduce the effort I put into staying sober and staying honest...Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on such an awesome achievement. Maybe it is marred by the smoking issue but thank you for the reminder to stay vigilant. It's not just the drinking it can be anything that potentially reduces the time our loved ones will get with us. Don't get too down about it. All you can do is work on it right? Luckily you know for sure that you can kick it. I've done both and found alcohol to be much more difficult because drinking is so socially acceptable and even expected of me.
Congrats! It took me about twenty years of sobriety before I finally quit smoking. I have friends who are longer sober than I who still smoke...This addictive personalty crap is for the birds.
Hot damn! Great work!!
I realized today I've been 5 years drinking and 5 years smoking cigarettes the cigarettes one really hit me though when I realized I'd been addicted for half a decade. Almost a fifth of my life. Drinking was never a problem until a tragic event 2 years ago but smoking always has
Well done! It was the other way around for me..been fag (cigaraette) free for 18 years (Alan Carr) the booze on the other hand...!
  IWNDWYT
Wow!! Well done mate this is brilliant! You are a role model to us all! Keep it up!
My ex law partner kicked booze for 30 years. It was tobacco that finally did him in. It's hard.
I quit smoking during the first year pharmacology exam when I decided that I didn't want 5-Fluoro-2'-deoxycytidine in my future.  Think of it as the "drano" of chemotherapy.  I had run out of ciggies before the exam and I no longer needed to be with my study partner who was a human chimney for the summer.  So I got a broken axe handle to keep people at a safe distance and practiced the steps for the first few days.  Will be 34 years on 5/7.  As I tell people I am not an expert on quitting smoking as I have only done it once.
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!!!!!!!!!!
That really is the hard part man. It might even be the root of the problem.
Congratulations! You're an example I hope to match.
Very well done. What a great milestone. You are a true inspiration to all who desire or need recovery. ..I believe AA at 1 decade is an Old Timmer.  Perhaps unofficial but none the less you are there. ( I still refuse that title but )..Happy Birthday.           ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.
IWNDWYT!
Congratulations!! Thank you for your honest post. Good to remember that even though things get better still have to watch out for addictive brain dishonesty that creeps up...IWNDWYT    
Nice work! IWNDWYT
Wow that's awesome     
Wow. Congratulations. That's ten years of really well lived life. I appreciate you sharing your struggles. I'm coming up on my year and I feel like I'm not doing as well as I should be in my day to day life so this has helped me put some of my feelings into perspective. Thank you. IWNDWYT
Get a juul it changed my life. Congratulations &lt;3
You are who I want to be in ten years. What an accomplishment. Thank you for sharing. Congratulations!
Congrats and welcome to the club. I got my 10 years in January
Congratulations. That's awesome.
[Ten is awesome.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMnAjadibYQ)..I am constantly reminded that it's my thinking that needs the work and my reprieve from insanity is temporary. Thanks for your post.
Congrats and what a great post/reminder. I hope you still celebrated an amazing achievement. And give yourself some grace!  
.Welcome sobernaut. We're all proud of you. Keep smiling...At the very least it'll make everyone wonder what you've been up to.
Congratulations dood.
Happy days!
Congrats and continued success to you
Congrats on 10 years. Quitting smoking is a beast. It was the hardest thing for me. I hope your SO is forgiving and that you both can work toward your goals together. Best wishes!
I've told lies to maintain my addiction. I hate that so much. With alcohol and cigarettes there is so much bullshit wrapped around the truth...When we are addicted we start to embrace all kinds of false beliefs outright lies and settle for denial all that to justify our behaviour. These are all like pieces of fabric wrapped around something that is in the center. When we remove all the make-believe bullshit around alcohol and strip it down to only facts we see that what's left is a sad picture an addictive drug and neurotoxin. A poison that has destroyed many lives. That's the foundation I'm going to build my perception about the stuff. All the bullshit around alcohol some are personal some are cultural all with little inspection start to smell like bullshit. I won't have them anymore. Honesty is the key without that we never even admit that there is a problem and without honesty the problem will keep on lingering...IWNDWYT
Well done and thank you for your honest words
Congrats!
Congratulations!
Congratulations and thank you for sharing your story with us here.
MASSIVE!! Such a huge milestone! Very happy for your success : )
Wow! Awesome! Happy day.
Congrats!  I completely relate. Rigorous honesty is both the most difficult things to practice but also the most rewarding. After years of sobriety my SO resentments towards me in my drinking days all stem from the lack of honesty. ..Do your best today make sure your okay with the best you did and remember that the definition of amend is to MAKE changes not just admit them.
I also smoked and drank for a long period of time...But I've found throughout my sober journey that if I don't DRINK I don't SMOKE. Because in reality I don't like smoking. It smells bad it tastes bad it affects those around you and it's crazy fucking expensive.  ..The same way you've probably felt when looking back on your drinking days - "Wow I didn't realize I was hung over ALL THE TIME." - is how you'd feel about BREATHING if you just quit smoking for a few weeks. ..A huge super congratulations on the 10 years booze free - that is so inspirational! And I know that if you really put your mind to it you can stop smoking too.  :)
Congrats! You have both my respect and my empathy...I am glad that my program started with ACA and the emotions underneath my addictions as opposed to just focusing on the substances. Honesty relationships and service to others are the cornerstones of my recovery. ..I hope you and your SO can still celebrate and grow from this.
Well everyone has anxiety and fears thats what makes us human
Congrats amazing achievement well done and power to you!!
Congrats!!
I hate the word comfortable.  If your comfortable what are your doing with your life? Where should be going? What are your goals? Some say comfortably numb more as excuse than a drive to DO something.  It's just misleading and I'm a long term goals person comfortable is not me.
[removed]
