-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf5ubx/1_year_sober_as_of_today_success_story_you_be_the/

I am one year sober today. However even on this monumental day I have the urge to not drink ever again but to maybe try something else. There is this itch under my skin this buzzing under the surface for some type of something to engage in........When I was drinking it wasn't just drinking it was also the occasional engagement with my buddy ol pal Mary Jane. It was also reckless and dangerous sexual experiences just to get my blood pumping. It was wanting to black out and not exist but also the need to feel something/ everything all at once.... it was so many behaviors that can all be summed up and swept into the overarching theme of self destruction. ..I feel like a fraud. ..Yes I'm sober and yes it's been a year..But I still have cravings I still have relapse dreams I still feel this need and want to engage in these behaviors at times. Everything isn't perfect now and great and fixed. ..I haven't even gotten ready yet and it's 4:30 pm and I'm in my pajamas and I am sitting in my messy room with a huge pile of obligations to get to and I want to post on my social media's photos of me all put together looking and talk about my sobriety but I feel as if I'm lying. Yes it's been a year but I'm still fighting.
----------immediate responses--------

I just made the exact same post haha. I hear you. I am very self destructive I have replaced alcohol with other risky behaviour. It's not over for me yet either. Please tell me if you find a solution to these urges I've tried everything!
Success no matter how small is to be acknowledged. And one year of sobriety is something to be proud of. Remember why you started? ..On the flip side I identify with the risky behavior. The comfort I've worked so hard to build almost seems like a cocoon sometimes. But I know it's not. Euphoria lasts for a very short time. Even sustained euphoria becomes commonplace. Such is the nature of this brain of mine. I'm grateful for every day of sobriety. While I can't comment on your other items I hope you take a minute to acknowledge one year of grit perseverance and victory over alcohol and feel awesome about yourself. IWNDWYT and it will be my pleasure to (not?) do so..
One year as of Tuesday for me.  I have a long way to go some days I feel like my head is broken (I mostly abused psychedelic/dissacociative drugs in my heyday) but I have to stop and be thankful for what I do have.  I don't have a clean house I don't take care of myself as well as I should but it's okay.  I balance these thing by staying off the wall busy all the time so I can't fall into bad thought patterns.  I could do better but I am speeding like a bullet toward my goal and everything else in life comes second save my sobriety.  Not drinking isn't the magic solution but it's the key to the door when you find it.  I'm still looking myself! Good speed and good will!
