-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf7bmp/to_tell_or_not_to_tell_mom/

Basically I'm not sure if it's good for me to tell her...First I want to point out that I am happily sober I am getting help from professionals and I have support. I am in a good place. Secondly I live across the country far away from my family. We text a few times through the year for birthdays and holidays. So they have no idea that I'm going through this. ..Umm Im worried about my mom I love her she is an amazing woman well educated and liberal.  With one exception- she's really stuck on her beliefs about alcoholism. she has her strong opinions very stubborn...My problem is I guess I don't like how she handles it with my Dad.  My dad's been sober before I was born. The only  adult thing  he does once in a while is have a cigar.  Not even the big Cuban cigars the thin ones.  But every time my mom will go all huffy lamenting and holding him in contempt.  She'll make a big deal about it. The funny thing is  the only time he'll have a cigar is when he's outside walking around the backyard scooping up dog poop. Haha!  He's not hiding he's been honest about having one just something he does once in awhile.  My mom acts as if he's going to relapse makes a big deal out of it. That bothers me because it shows to me that 30+ years of sobriety didn't mean anything to her.  She's the one drinking a glass of wine and expects a good night kiss from her husband. I think that's worse that lighting a cigarette/cigar.  Anyway It's always bothered me in the past but ultimately it's between them.  Dad doesn't say a word about it so I left it alone.  ..BUT now.... with me.... I don't want to argue with her.  I know we'll disagree- she'll insist on the term recovering alcoholic AA &amp; 12 steps turning to God whereas I am about addiction therapy and science.  Im not religious.  I'm afraid I'll regret telling her.  I'm worried she'll treat me differently she'll argue with me because she's so sure she's the right one.  That'll mess me up. ..Am I a bad person? I wonder if it's easier to say nothing?
----------immediate responses--------

I ask myself "What is it that I want to create by what I am about to do?"..In your consideration of "telling Mom" what is it you want to create as a function of that disclosure?
This is a hard question to answer. You initially said you are happily sober. So maybe the solution is to say - only if it's brought up by her - you quit because you prefer not to drink anymore. Followed by all the awesome things and reasons you don't wanna. ..It's a harder choice whether to the volunteer the information before it's been asked. Sounds like she still imbibes her selfs from time to time and that's fine but it's a delicate balance of trying to explain all the great reasons you want to improve you life without alienating her and highlighting reasons she may still drink. ..No matter what though make yourself priority number one and report back!
I too had reasons for not wanting to get into my sobriety with my parents. They live across the country from me too. I was I think 7 months sober when I told them and I totally downplayed it and still do. I was going to be in their town for a brief visit and my dad mentioned they still had some of my favorite beer from the last time I was there so I casually said I don't drink anymore. When they asked questions I just said I had determined that the right amount of alcohol for me anymore is zero and I have refused to elaborate basically and they are nice enough to not push. I know that if I had a big conversation with them about my drinking basically it would turn into a big "I told you so" for them and because of our history of issues I don't want that so I won't get into it. We are sort of "don't ask don't tell" about a lot of stuff though and I like it that way and so do they. If you're not comfortable having those conversations yet no need to rush them into the open. I bet your mom will be super supportive when the time comes but being sober brings enough difficulties without piling on any extra and avoidable ones like dealing with a parent. :)
I haven't felt the need to  explain  anything to anybody. I just say  I'm not drinking lately  and if pressed I just ignore it and talk about something else. Good luck with Mom.
I don't see the need to tell people about what I am up to especially if I don't think they will be supportive. I have told 2 friends. I don't even talk to my husband. I wish i could talk to my husband but I know he can't really be supportive or kind about this. He is supportive in the sense that he doesn't want me to drink but his beliefs and attitudes are not helpful to me. I just try to think of what I get out of telling people anything like that. If it's more likely to cause me grief I don't tell. Maybe this keeps a distance in some ways but I feel like I need to protect myself too. Good luck in handling this for yourself
