-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfarsx/realizing_im_making_so_much_progress_on_my_paws/

I'm almost 5 months sober and it just takes me so much to notice any improvement with the constant suffering from PAWS. ..At the start of 4 months I noticed I was first starting to make any progress at all. I had to have someone else tell me I was making improvement before I could see it. All I knew was that I needed to get through this and I wasn't going to have the strength another time so as things got abnormal painful and beyond slow and boring 24/7 just knew the solution was in not drinking and not drinking alone. ..I did however relapse one time when my PAWS first came on about 2.5 months after I stopped drinking. I'm glad I did because it showed me that i still have lost control and if i drink I just get horribly sick. So I just still had to cling on to the solution...Now at 4 months 20 days sober I'm still suffering. My nervous system is going haywire 24/7 both horrible social and general anxiety and bad aches and fatigue to name a few. But it's so much less symptoms and my nervous system is starting to calm down. Again it's so hard to see over such a long time. ..I commented on another post with someone else dealing with PAWS and yes I did have to complain and vent myself but I also had to show myself that people do get through this and it is possible and it will eventually go away and I can get back to my life again. ..I've been also gaining weight all this time and I just need to be extremely proud of myself and how much I've been fighting. It's so frustrating exhausting and such old news but I will still carry on doing the best single thing I can do for my life not drinking...I had no idea it would be this kind of animal when i first started but I'm just really proud of myself and anyone else going through this horrible thing. And knowing we are stronger than this beast is worth any extra pound I keep collecting and so much more. ..Thanks for the vent today!! And IWNDWYT once again!
----------immediate responses--------

Gaining weight is common in early recovery. I gained 20lbs or so when I first quit. Now I am down 40 and I'm in the best shape of my life. Try to take it easy on yourself. Quitting drinking is tough business and you should be proud. You'll keep feeling better and better for months to come. Once you get through early recovery you can focus on losing some weight. The key is to find good exercise that you really enjoy. I go hiking and look for edible mushrooms (one of my new sober hobbies) and do yoga (one of the best natural anti-depressants I have ever found).
Of course not drinking is the best thing we can do for ourselves but there might be something else going on.  A physical might be in order.
You're not alone in this    I still struggle with it after my recent relapse... feeling shaky unsteady scared by small things... I know it's getting better just slowly.  I've read it takes a while for our bodies to recover from constant poisoning. I've started to look at alcohol that way; I was essentially poisoning myself for entire days at a time. IWNDWYT!
