-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfjyzc/i_dont_know_what_to_do_about_my_badge_now_and/

Some may think this is fluff or misplaced vanity or a non-issue or..I dunno. But the thought of now having to ask someone to just *erase* all those numbers with one fail swoop leaves me ...cold. I am conflicted about it yet very aware of all angles. This is not an "AA" sub. As far as I know AA is the only recovery program that forces people to start all over again at Day 1 if you relapse regardless of time sober. I don't know how I feel about that. Well I guess I kinda do know how I feel about it tbh. And so I thought I'd put my ambivalence about it out here in the ether.
----------immediate responses--------

I say it is your flair and you can use it to represent what you want. ..IWNDWYT
You get to decide that!!
It is not a representation of all you have achieved.  It means what you want it to and all those days you had free from alcohol are still there.
I think the most important question your friends here have is how are you doing?  Do you feel good today?  We're rooting for you.  Your badge.... If it breaks your heart to turn it's number why do that.  Why break your heart with it?  If it makes you feel further from your goal why make your goal look that much further.  Why ruin your perspective over semantics.  If it gives you strength to see how long ago you made this change and gives you the awe and courage to add this day to all of those why deny yourself that.  If I were inhabiting these particular shoes I would lean towards keeping the badge.  You've earned those days after all.  Every damn one.
What does it represent to you?
I'd have to reset it. I know some alter badges to reflect how many days they've not had a drink as opposed to how many days since their last drink however I know for me it would quickly revert to me drinking every weekend and then adjusting the badge so it totted up four days every week...Drinking like that got me here in the first place...
Hey Lucy. You're not alone. Though I haven't set up my flair yet; my count was at 13 days (longest stretch yet! I'm trying to get to one month) when I had a couple of shots at work the other night. ..(Weirdly I've also been sick with a cough that put me in the hospital last week.)..I was turning over and over in my mind... does this mean I reset my count? Did I fail again? .I still hit my pillow sober. In terms of abstaining from all alcohol I failed. But in terms about facing the reasons why I drink and making conscious decisions about my actions and my health I still felt successful. ..I guess it all comes down to your journey is your own and no path to recovery is easy or straight. You're definitely not alone though. Keep going. I will.   
There's no rule here-- it's all up to you. ..I'd reset so I could see my current streak number but that's just me. And it doesn't mean the time before the reset doesn't count. I consider my most important sober time to be the 32 days I had in Fall of '17 that aren't represented in my counter now because that was the time when I "learned" how to be sober in my current life.
Badge or not no one can take those 470-odd days of sobriety away from you. Well done for getting back on the sobriety train. ..There is no right or wrong answer for what to do with your badge. Just do what feels right  for you 
having a slip one day does not undo all the days you went without drinking. You do not need to punish yourself by erasing your flair days - you freaking earned those days man! maybe ask to have one day taken off don't count the day you slipped but keep the days that lead up to that and continue to move forward. Just a suggestion but ultimately it's up to you how you feel and what you want to do.   ...I will repeat one slip does not undo all the days you went without drinking. you have not erased your hard work. you earned those numbers.
My vote: give yourself a mulligan. THIS time only!
