-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfqwpw/relapsed_and_had_embarrassingproductive/

I'm 40 and been drinking way too hard for 15 years. I've been trying to quit for half that. Been in rehab once 6 years ago and have had a year clean with shorter stretches. I've tried vivitrol (which works when I keep it up) and AA and other meetings. Feels like I've tried everything. .. I just relapsed last week and blacked out for 4 days. I seem to relapse every month. I never drink when I go out or around other people as everyone  knows I have a problem and am trying to stop.  But once in a while I will stay at home and drink liters and liters of vodka until I physically can't anymore. Recovering is so bad and it gets worse and worse. Kindling is real. ..This time when I was so tired lying in bed shivering and sweating in soaked sheets while hallucinating auditorily and visually eventually I fell asleep for a very short amount of time. An hour maybe two. ..This has happened before where I get the most intense semi lucid nightmares and in my dreams I will get punched or hit with something and feel excuritiating real physical pain in the back of my brain. Like a rubber band stretching till it snaps. I have no idea if these are seizures or something. They can't be good...Anyway I live alone but when I disappear for days well my friends know I'm on a bender and it worries them a lot. This time they showed up to my house and pour all my alcohol out and take me to a friend's. After I sober up some the next day a bunch of friends come over and even my brother from 2 hours away. I was embarrassed and overwhelmed and in terrible shape. They convinced me to go to rehab again and I'm going Monday. It wasn't hard to convince me as I know I need help. .I don't know what else new I will learn there but I know I need to do something. Wish me luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck and positive vibes!!
It sounds like you have some great friends who really care about you!!
Good luck... A question: this is the second time today I've seen the phrase "kindling is real." Can someone explain that to me?
