-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfu0y9/praying_for_a_miracle/

Not sure if this is the right thread to post in..but I'm feeling pretty hopeless at this point. This disease is very real and it took me too long to figure that out. I've put together pretty significant sober time in the past but relapsed due to complacency and peer pressure. This time though I feel like I've dug a hole that I may not be able to get out of. This past year has been a vicious cycle of bender and relapse and the thing that keeps making me fail is anxiety. This time I was able to put together 2 weeks sober but today I couldnt handle the mental torture anymore and I caved into alcohol (my medince) once again. I was 2 weeks removed from alcohol and still felt like I was in day 1 of detox..thoughts go rushing through my head my brain in constant fight ir flight mode 24/7. Am I crazy? Do I just have a terrible anxiety disorder? Or am I really just a hopless alcoholic? How can I still be withdrawing 2 weeks in? Today I was expected at an Easter dinner with my parents and just the thought of that gave me a horrible panic attack. I knew there was no way I would get through it without my medicine so I caved once again..and here we go..the vicious cycle continues..I have an appointment with a new therapist tomorrow (god I hope this is all part of your plan and I will be saved) but at this point it seems like nothing will work for me. I am sorry for the very negative post but I just hope maybe I will receive some positive advice/shared experience that will convince me that I can make it out of this..because right now it isnt looking good..
----------immediate responses--------

I've lost track of the number of times I've quit drinking. I relapse and then quit again. I keep telling myself one of these times it's going to stick. Today is another day one. Don't give up! We can do this!
I was you. Stuggling on my own making it 1 week 2 weeks maybe 1 month  but ultimately always caving. I was head strong independent and Athiest and truly believed that my willpowerr was all I had.. Then I begrudgingly went to an AA meeting. ..All of a sudden I was surrounded by my peers. By my equals. People who welcomed me with open arms no judgement no blame and real understanding.. No matter how hard they try or how much medical / psychological  knowledge they have no one but an Alcoholic can truly understand an Alcoholic.. By this point my family had given up as had many friends. My partner was on the point of leaving.  They  had tried and I had failed and we all thought it was hopeless. .My AA family has given me hope. There I met countless success stories all willing to do whatever it took to help. They  had lost jobs/ houses / spouses you name it. But sobriety had given it all back and more...Im in early days but for the 1st time in my life I have hope...Go to a meeting go with an open mind. ..It will save your life
I have done the same thing over and over and over hundreds of times tried to quit. It's a vicious cycle benders are. The good thing is friend we have to try and keep positive that we will succeed in beating alcohol once and for all. Have you got any outside support? I have a sober friend when I'm down and out and in early days of sobriety like days 1-10 I ring him up and spend time with him talking about everything on my mind and go bush walking and stuff. He's a positive person and always picks me up. I also read psalms in the bible out loud also another thing is even sit and talk to a therapist for an hour. Even look for a sober meeting and talk to people anything to build strength up days 1-10 are always the hardest for me. I'm day 15 today and the urges to drink have vanished. My anxiety has gone too.
[removed]
