-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfv0r5/feeling_enabled_during_initial_sobriety/

This is a MAJOR - HUGE - BIG trigger warning for relapsing...I used to drink 10-15 drinks a day for approximately five years. I went through outpatient detox and as much rehab as I could afford. During that time I heard the following so many times:   relapsing is so normal you're climbing a mountain ..It was almost as if it was expected for alcoholics to not be able to stay sober the first time around. I know there are plenty of people who have done it but my addiction loved this discussion. It viewed it as a hall pass. Flash forward and I'm drinking daily more than ever before. I feel horrible and want to be sober again. ..Those who relapsed - how did you get out of the pits? The echoing thoughts of  this will never get better ?..I tried one time. Even writing this out is helping. I can try again.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey congrats on your first round of efforts. I know this is very vauge and maybe doesn't make sense but I don't know a better way to say this... Just keep quitting.
For me it was the kindling effect. I drank moderately during during and my early twenties and then daily and heavily for a year and a half. I did a few sober days and weeks during that time but then did 30 sober days at the end of 2018. When I went back to drinking after that I was a mess- falling down not able to talk wasted. I spent the first part of this year constantly stopping/starting a week on a week off and I got wasted out of my mind like that several times. That scared me straight because I never used to be visibly drunk to people before. My body obviously can't handle it. It wasn't hard to stop each time but it was hard to continue being sober. I hope this time is for good.
I quit drinking in December after being a daily binge drinker. I have gone about 2-3 weeks sober at a time before relapse but one thing has changed with every relapse. I grow to hate alcohol more and more every time I relapse. Right now it's not even something I'm considering. And it feels great. ..IWNDWYT
