-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfx8no/four_years/

Last week I passed my 4-year mark.  I used to drink every day get two to three-day hangovers slept on the floor of my practice space worked as a bartender and delivering food.  I had literally no plan in life I assumed I would be dead sooner than later...&amp;#x200B;..I'm now engaged just moved to the upper west side in Manhattan and just signed an offer making more money than I ever imagined I ever could.  Quitting drinking completely changed my life in almost every way.  I worked really hard to get where I'm at but it still doesn't feel real.  I completely inundated myself in my new career telling myself that none of it would be possible if I was hungover which is true.  I used to just say "I'm not drinking until I get my shit together" but now that I've gotten this far I never want to drink again...&amp;#x200B;..I know my path is not normal I never went to AA.  I just kind of had a moment where I realized I'd end up dead or completely brain dead if I didn't change.  I still get scared that I'll fuck up someday and lose it all but I'm determined to keep going forward...&amp;#x200B;..I don't really know the point of this post but just felt like I should share.  I hope everyone who is struggling can keep their heads up and stay sober.  If I can do this you can too.
----------immediate responses--------

That's such a great story and its good to acknowledge where you were to value where you are now. I'll get there myself one day.
Congrats on the turn around! Thank you for sharing it's an inspirating story! IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing. Much inspired
What an awesome investment you've made in your life and you're reaping the benefits of your great choices! Well done!!
Sweet.  Congratulations on 4 years of freedom
Well done 4 years is no easy feat!
Great stuff!
WooHoo!!!..Huge congratulations on your amazing 4 years of sobriety    ..You are literally feeling the fear and doing it anyway! Magic  . Thank you for sharing.
Congratulations on 4 years and all the life success it has brought!
Congratulations!! So inspiring and congrats on your job and engagement :) Curious if you used tools outside of A.A. that were helpful in maintaining your sobriety over the years? IWNDWYT  
Alcohol is like grudgel in the gears. The brief surge of dopamine and company of other drunks has been all the enjoyment I've gotten. The rest of it hangovers withdrawals tiredness depression anxiety nausea wet shits mood swings poor sleep hormonal imbalances financial ruin failed relationships it's all the result of drinking an addictive drug and neurotoxin. We really lose our edge when it is in our lives...It's stupid how voluntarily I've followed others with alcohol. The drinking culture has fooled me I admit that I should have questioned it more. All the praise alcohol gets is bullshit. There are only two reasons people drink it's a drug and it's an addictive substance. Others justify their drug use others defend and avoid admitting their addiction. You can put every other reason to drink under these two (except if you are in hospital being treated for methanol poisoning that is treated by giving you ethanol)..Never believe the make-believe and hearsay praise assumptions and false beliefs about alcohol. It's the talk of drinkers and good for nothing. The facts about alcohol is all that matters. That it's an addictive drug and poison that is bound to destroy the people who go down the road with it long enough...Why choose sub-optimal life with alcohol when you can live an optimal life without it. You have all your time money energy and senses to be put in use to build a life that looks like you...IWNDWYT
