-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfy1cy/first_post_been_in_and_out_of_detoxrehab_already/

To start off I've lurked here for a while but never posted. Im 22. From about 19-22 I was a daily drinker and it got worse and worse. Ended up at about 20 or so beers a day. Lost all my jobs lost a lot of friends went from a 4.0 student to dropping out of college etc. Eventually I ran out of money and ended up locked up in the good ol' detox hospital for after pretty severe withdrawal. ..I declined rehab because I didn't want to give up all my drinking buddies and the craziness of college partying and everything that came with that. I made it 3 days out of detox before I started drinking every day again. Heavily. ..After about 6 months of sitting alone in my apartment crushing near a case a day not working selling most anything I could find barely eating I ran out of money again and my parents knew why. I started withdrawing again and my parents took me to the detox hospital again but this time was different...Intake at detox took one look at me took my vitals and immediately an ambulance. I was rushed to the ER and spent 3 days in the hospital before detox would take me back. This time I really wanted to stop drinking so I went to rehab afterwards...I made it 34 days sober (including detox and rehab) before I took my first drink. That led to a 6 day bender which left me incredibly sick for a few days which was miserable but nothing too serious...Im currently 5 days sober and really really want to drink tomorrow. I've done so much damage to myself and my life but I can't seem to stop. I have the means to drink tomorrow and think I probably will. Why am I like this? My parents have thrown away so much money I feel terrible and yet I still want to drink and always find ways to do it. ..I don't think I'll be able to live without it.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT
There's no one answer. Fight the good fight figure out what things work for you. Diet change has worked pretty well for me I love beer as well. I think a lot of my cravings come from my body getting calories/carbs etc. regularly and you're trying to break that cycle. ..I can easily get into those bender cycles too.
I can't even count the amount of day ones I've had but I'm consciously trying to decrease the amount of beers I have. Hopefully soon I'll quit completely. I've been starting to realize I was drinking just because I thought it was something to do . I actually feel better when I'm  sober...There is a book that's popular on this sub called  this naked mind . It starts off talking about our unconscious mind and our conscious mind. We have been programmed to think drinking means fun and that is your unconscious mind speaking. Try to let your conscious mind take control which is what brought you to make this post. Remember all the reasons why you shouldn't drink. ..I wish you all the best my friend. Let's stay strong together!
As someone who was also a 4.0 student as a 22 year old in college and hit my rock bottom as a 39 year old in a hospital bed on the edge of death I can tell you that I wish I had learned my lesson sooner...As someone who relapsed 3 months after almost dying I can tell you I understand. ..As someone who went to an outpatient program after relapsing after almost dying I can say this shit is real hard to do. ..As someone who relapsed after outpatient rehab after a relapse after 3 weeks in the hospital and all my friends and family being aware of my problem I can tell you that the frustration with not being in control of alcohol was overwhelming. ..It was baffling and depressing and I started just blaming everything on genetics for a bit. Tried to absolve myself of responsibility. I could see where I had gone wrong but didn't see or even really believe there was a way out. I was happy enough with my ability to numb myself sufficiently with alcohol and figured I'd just live pain free til I died. Let me tell you the sick I felt for years before my seizure was not pain free and alcohol was not numbing it enough to where I didn't know how icky my body felt. But in the end it was a combination of both giving up control and taking control that started saving me. ..I started paying attention to nature and it's power and it's beauty. Then I started thinking about how the seasons always change no matter what. And then an  ah ha  moment came. I have no power over the seasons. And so followed a whole host of other bits of nature that I had no control of. The weather the sun and moon cycles and you get the idea. So I came to recognize and accept a power greater than myself. And if it was okay that I had no power over nature it must be okay to not have power in all situations. ..Simultaneously I started paying attention to the power that I did have in my life. And I started small. I can take a dirty room and make it clean. I can go to work and make money. In early sobriety these small examples of control and power became my focus. It just happened naturally after I started doing it. And then I noticed that if I said something to someone I had the power to make them do things. And I don't mean bad shit. But just beginning to recognize the natural exchange of external power that our actions have on each other. And one more really got me when I shared an idea with someone they were however slightly changed by just the fact that they heard me say what I said. They might not recognize it or know it but they've absorbed some part of that idea. And of course ideas that people shared changed me. And if I noticed an example of one of these things I'd point it out. Kinda annoyed my wife sometimes but seeing our interconnectedness and understanding the balance of power in situations has become key to my success in sobriety. Control the things you can and accept what you can't. ..The coming together was something of realizing that I had power over certain things and in certain situations and I did not have power over certain things in certain situations. This  ah ha  led to more clarity over things that I do or do not have control over in my world and thus more of a sense of ease in balancing these two realities. ..So as a person who almost died (did I mention the beginning of the end for me was about a decade before my  changing  moment? necessarily that means I spent a full ten years of my life not as my best self. and I've actually lived a pretty good life despite my alcoholism but it could have been so much better. sorry I'm not over that yet) relapsed after getting out of the hospital went to rehab relapsed after that and still relapsed one more time before finally having a true shift in perspective and understanding I can say that despite my not ever being aware of its existence there was and is a whole different world than the one I knew previously. It is possible that the way we view the world is not accurate and that there are different and better ways to live. .What if this whole thing happens to me again in a different way?..Btw as a result of my decision to focus my attention on this and not my dessert. I will now enjoy my melted ice cream taking full responsibility for it being melted and happy with my decision to write first and enjoy melted ice cream second. What we do or don't do has immediate effects on the world around us.
I did. But this post was still on my mind as I'd like to take the time to elaborate on one other concept that is integral to my sobriety. It is Change. ..Now on some level my understanding of change is related to the idea of power. I started working to notice change wherever I could. As big as the seasons changing as subtle as one song finishing and the next coming on. As part of a mindfulness practice I started to notice how a song would make me feel one way and a few minutes later a different song would bring on a different feeling. ..Beginning slowly to notice accept and even depend on the constant of change around us all the time. To the point where it just occurred to me how much my phone screen has changed as I type this. Accepting this constant of change was another instrumental factor in me beginning to accept that life really could be different than it was. If the sun and moon were always changing if my hair was always growing if my bank account was in constant flux why wouldn't other things be subjected to this force of change? Well of course they are. We don't have to keep living life the same way everyday. The constant of change gives us the ability to make different decisions and behave differently than we have. Our path is not set in stone instead it looks like footprints in an open meadow. We are free to wonder wherever we want in the meadow but the meadow gets greener in one direction and browner in the other. I'm going to make the path of my footprints in the nice soft grass. ..Now just to translate that understanding of a power greater than what we possess the balance of control and lack thereof and Change into a willingness to behave in a different way at least really try than we have.  Even though we don't know for sure what the result will be. We do know that we can control some things and simply cannot control others. We know that there are powers we will never control (thus dictating our behaviors when we engage with these forces ie. weather bosses or booze) and that whatever is  right now 'will change soon anyways. It is with this understanding that we can give an honest attempt at living not just a sober life but a fantastic life.
