-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg15gq/new_to_forum_and_reddit/

Hi all...I have joined today hoping to get some inspiration friends and like minded folk to chat and read experiences...45 binge every few days have done for years and I know how good I felt not doing it when pregnant for example...I am so tired of it all increasingly my kids are 5 and 8 and the 8 year old saw mummy staggering about last night I also accidently threw a pan lid at her playing a game which hit her on the head she was shocked mummy would hurt her as was I feel awful and ashamed today again...... I was just careless and clumsy...Already seeing from many posts these is light out there.... And I can get out of this horrible 20 year cycle and stop feeling tired sick dizzy guilty etc..I particularly struggle about 4pm until 7pm does anybody else share this time of struggle? What do you do to stop yourself drinking or going and buying alcohol...Thank you for listening xxxx
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I have reached a point where I am just sick and tired of feeling so bad. Physically mentally all of it. Not drinking is hard and I am approaching it as an adventure/ challenge for myself. Instead of thinking of it as  I can't drink  I'm thinking of it as  I can sleep! I can not feel hungover! I can get up and have some hope!  And I'm challenging myself to see how long I can go if that makes sense. I tell myself to wait and reevaluate my cravings. I stay on this sub as much as I need to. It got me through my worst craving so far. We can do this!!!
My youngest is eight and I gave up when he was five. I hope that as he grows up he will increasingly have little memory of me drinking. Grab any support that's available and good luck!
My eyes opened when someone else on this sub noted that for him he realized that alcohol made him a thief and a liar and that he one day realized that he was no longer okay with that...I couldn't get that post out of my head...  did a steal money to drink?  No. Did I steal time from my family to drink?  Yes. Was I honest with my family about my drinking?  No.  Did I lie about how much I drank to my family my doctor myself?  Yes...Being prior military integrity was a big deal to me!  How and when had I traded my integrity for drinking alcohol?!  It happened at some point and I hadn't even noticed.....So I decided I wanted my integrity back.  I wanted to be present and cherished again.  So I get up each day and I don't drink because I am not okay with being a liar and a cheat.  My family and friends deserve better.  IWNDWYT
There is hope! This place helped me get sober. I'm rooting for you!
[removed]
