-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg1wgv/talking_to_your_spouse/

I've tried to stop several times over the last three years.  The longest I've made it is about 3 months.  Each time I've done this on my own (plus reading and posting here - see my history).  I now recognize that one of the reasons I've wanted to do it on my own is so that if I fail to stay off booze nobody in my life knows I've failed but me.  ..Each time I've gotten off booze for a while that voice comes back telling me that I've done well maybe I can have one drink.  And the first night I'll have that one drink.  Then the next night the voice will tell me that I'm now okay and can enjoy alcohol casually again. . One drink turns to two and well you all know how that story ends...This time I'm going to do it different.  I'm going to tell my wife and ask her for help in supporting me.  She knows I drink too much (of course she does) and has commented on it.  But she doesn't know how much too much I drink.  She drinks but not much (think 1 drink every 2-3 weeks).  I'm pretty scared of this conversation and how she's going to take it to know how far down this road I've gone.  I'm also scared that if I have this conversation and relapse that I'll be jeopardizing my marriage.  But maybe I need to put it all on the line?..In light of that I'd like to hear some stories from folks here who have successfully had that conversation.  How did it go?  How did you approach it?  What parts did you tell your spouse?  What did you leave out?  Anything?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your decision to improve your life...I had that voice in my head...I had to recognize an important attribute:  I am NOT the voice in my head.  I am the person who HEARS the voice in my head...That voice will lie to me...Sounds like it has lied to you as well...&gt;stories from folks here who have successfully had that conversation...I start with this question to myself:  "For what I am contemplating to do ("tell my wife and ask for her help in supporting me") what is it that I want to create by doing that?"..So if you consider that question what is it you intend to create by "asking for her support?"..There is an important distinction between "respect" my decisions and "support me"...What does "support" mean for you in this context?..Said differently what do you want your wife to do?
I told my SO last night that I'm not drinking anymore (after a bad relapse Thursday night leading to me missing work Friday). She asked some good questions and brought up some concerns that she'd never admitted to me before especially around my binge drinking tendencies and how they've negatively affected her recently. I don't think I left anything out but she's also been witness to a lot of my drinking so she's probably seen it all. ..I was really anxious about bringing it up but in a moment of vulnerability I just decided to say something like ripping the proverbial band-aid off. She was very very supportive and the conversation went much better than my anxiety-riddled brain led me to believe it would. We joked a little about our favorite flavors of La Croix and that was that. She went back to her book I went back to browsing reddit and this morning I feel like a burden was lifted from me.
One morning I woke up hung over and recounting a fight my wife and I had the night before (An exercise that I had been through countless times before sadly...) a fight where I had once again been a complete ass.  I said some very mean and hurtful things that I knew I would not have done had I not been drinking!..I walked up to her saying that I wanted to apologize and I went to hug her.  She just stood there...  looking me in the eyes a single tear ran down her face and she just said  Don't...  and she went outside to get away from me...Sadly this had happened too many times over the years.  I was never physically abusive but when drinking if we argued I would hit where it hurt emotionally.  I would say things that sober me wouldn't even consider.....For some reason that day was it for me.  It dawned on me that this lovely woman who I was supposed to love more than anyone else in the world did not deserve having to deal with drunk me.  Everyone else I knew loved drunk me.  I was always the life of the party to them...  but drunk me was an asshole to my wife.  I was no longer okay with that.  How did I let it go on for so long?!..So I gave her a few hours alone to calm down then I went and found her.  I asked her if she would please sit down with me and let me talk.  She rolled her eyes and agreed grudgingly.....I then proceeded to do something I had never done before I sincerely apologized.  I did not try to deflect blame I did not try to make excuses I told her  I am supposed to love you more than anything else in this world and my drinking keeps that from happening.  I am no longer okay with that so I am done.  I am not okay with how drunk me treats you so drunk me will not be coming around anymore. ..She shared her doubts she shared how much I had hurt her with my drinking and how she doubted I could quit but she also shared her hope that I could quit and she told me if things kept going like they had been that she had made up her mind that she would be leaving me in the next year or two.  She had run out of excuses to make for me and the way I treated her when drunk.....That was 353 days ago.  IWNDWYT!
