-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg3vp3/who_had_struggles_or_triumphs_this_weekend/

It was my first sober camping weekend. And man was it tough. Wanted to drink Friday afternoon and night by the fire. Saturday morning bloody day drink by the river and fire drinks at night. Then the usual Sunday funday. But I didn't.  And the 9 miles that I was able to run this am wasn't out of guilt or punishment. It was pure joy and for that I am thankful  .IWNDWYT friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! Good deal! I made it through this weekend holiday with no drinking so that is a first in forever! IWNDWYT
I had both. Friday was day 1 for me so I felt the normal highs and lows of withdrawal. Very little sleep. But I made it thru successfully got a ton of exercise and am looking forward to another sober day today.
I watched my family get drunk and fight with each other. I'm almost 2 years into this and I still feel if I ever recommend that people should take a break from drinking I would would like I am pushing my sobriety on them. I can care less if people drink but I'm getting to the point where I don't want to be around them if they are.
We moved far away from family about 18 months ago - so there was no big family dinner to make me want to drink heavily with the cocktails and wine flowing freely.  My wife never really drinks so I just accept that she'll drive.  I'd normally have woken up exhausted and hungover from the night before - staying up way too late putting together easter baskets and filling easter eggs usually while drinking something pretty heavy... probably would've treated myself to something special like Krakken Rum and Diet Coke since I'd be "enjoying the holiday" and drinking in front of the wife (and would've gone to the liquor store proudly to buy champagne for mimosas the next morning) instead of every other day where I'd wait for her to pass out and go drink my vodka and diet 7 up.  I'd have woken up hunger absolutely hated that I had to be up so early to hide the easter eggs and done a bit of a half-assed job - then I would've started making something to satisfy my hungover-self - probably loads of bacon while drinking mimosas...Because I would've so blatantly been enjoying the holiday I would've then eaten some carb-heavy breakfast - probably crab cakes benedict (including the English muffin) as loads of greasy hash browns - plus I would've eaten a shit-ton of peanut butter and chocolate eggs and kit kats (also would've had a bunch the night before while loading up the easter eggs - sampling way too many).  I would've drank a bit more into the early afternoon - then if staying home had some beer - or if meeting with family would've headed over and started the cocktails.  My wife's family never mixes the drinks strong enough for me so when everyone else is out by the pool I'd go in and add another shot or two to my drink... then the wine would start flowing and I'd enjoy several glasses - picking up the pace at dinner so that around the time we're all done I'm buzzing hard and moved out to the TV area to watch the kids and as everyone else slows down their drinking I'd go polish off a couple wine bottles that were near the end.  Then we'd load everyone up and head home where I'd be barely helpful getting the kids to bed then my wife would pass out and I'd go hit the rum hard again once more - waking up Monday feeling like death.  I probably didn't do anything bad but I don't remember 100% and my wife is already always mad at me anyways so I'll never know - but it feels like just another shitty Monday and in a few days we'll be back to our version of "normal" and I'll still be drinking vodka after she passes out convincing myself that she has no idea...This weekend I stuck to my Keto diet 100% - spent Saturday doing chores and Sunday just playing with the kids - no carbs no booze.  I can't say I didn't really want it at times - I still wasn't in the best mood despite the sobriety - and it wasn't anyone's fault... I just was tired and didn't feel great... but I feel a lot better having done it all sober.
It is my husband's birthday Thursday and we are going camping with friends and kids to celebrate. I am not looking forward to it as drinking is always a big part of any camping trip for me. I don't want to drink especially after the Easter I had yesterday and the anxiety and shame I feel today as a result. I want to believe that I am strong enough to resist but I'm having serious doubts. Congratulations on a successful trip I know it was so small feat!!
