-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg5re3/anybody_struggle_with_depression_in_first_year_or/

After ~6 months of depression as a [sober] teenager my depression left as abruptly as it came and I've been depression-free for over 15 years...Then this year I quit drinking after 10-15 years of abuse and am on Day 112 of sobriety. I was fine until about Day 95. Unfortunately a few weeks ago as my brain presumably tries to readjust to sober life I feel the blues setting in again and it's terrifying. I live an objectively wonderful life so this is not a situational thing...**Has anyone else experienced anything like this where sobriety seemed to jar loose the demons again? How long did it last?..*PS it's worth pointing out I've done everything right: pure sustained sobriety tons of cardio and lifting lots of structure reduction of caffeine and other uppers/downers meditation church positive affirmations surrounding with friends and family good diet etc so it's not like I've replaced booze with something else terrible that would be causing this.
----------immediate responses--------

Yup. 100%. It passed with a lot of work and a lot of acknowledgement. I did (and am doing) everything you listed. I evolved and the darkness got lighter. Keep kicking at it. -x
Yeah it got really bad at around 6 weeks in.  Still struggle struggled before I started drinking.  ..So it's been almost three weeks?  Have you talked to a doctor about it?
Yep. I'm deep in it too but I also had episodes when I was drinking so I don't know what to blame it on haha. I'm trying to remind myself it has lifted before and that it will again. I also now have better coping strategies than drinking myself into oblivion so there's that. I'm sorry you're feeling shitty and IWNDWYT
Im not going to try to substitute anecdotal advice for professional help; in my opinion you should seek that.  Not because I dont want to help or because I feel like your situation is that serious but because getting every bit of help in your situation that you can is crucial.  ..If there is one thing I wish I did more of during the early days it would definitely be not being afraid to get help.  Once I got over that fear and began owning my problems for what they are it got way easier.  All the best.
thats 100% normal...try this too: aa and steps worked for me. over a year and 5 months clean and happy
take 900 iu of omega 3 a day...and 800 iu vitamin d a day.  yes you are allowed to take that much...&amp;#x200B;..dont be afraid to take a light anti depressant. it changed my life...aa and steps worked for me. over a year and 5 months clean and happy
