-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgeo2x/the_fear_of_comfort/

Have managed to stay sober for two years now. Functions with alcohol don't bother me anymore and I have no problem with saying no when offered...However one of my co-workers after being sober for ten years fell of the wagon pretty hard. It was a 24 hour bender his family and friends looking for him and at the end he sent out an email to the company appologising and informing us that he went to rehab...I have been in touch with him just to listen to him since he knows that I have had my struggles so he can probably relate...I am sorry to be so selfish after all this but it got me thinking what could push me over the edge. Falling was so far away from my mind that I didn't think about it...But now I am afraid if someone that has been able to keep his shit together for so long and then fall what guarantee is it that I can stay this way?..I love sobriety and I never want to go back to the bottle. Just feeling this fear. What is my braking point?..Thanks for listening to my rant. This community means a lot me..Thanks my friends in my poket.
----------immediate responses--------

That's so sad about your colleague. And stories like this scare me too. Even when I see people with 6 months under their belt fall off I think:  but surely they were out of danger after 6 months!  ..Drinking is a destructive but very comfortable and familiar place for me so I know there's always a danger I will go back. Because I have; numerous times. ..But I'm going to try every single day to make sure it doesn't get the better of me again. ..IWNDWYT  
I honestly don't think it's selfish to be thinking about yourself at a time like this. You can't change what happened to him but you can (and did) think about what it potentially means for you. Nothing wrong with that...&gt;Falling was so far away from my mind that I didn't think about it...For me that's where the danger zone is. It's *so* damn easy to get complacent forget the struggle and get into the mindset of "I've got this."  It's why I go to AA once a week and why I come here. I have to keep reminding myself that I'm one drink away from losing everything. I don't know if I'd go so far as to say I'm afraid of that as there are no guarantees in life but I do have a very healthy awareness and respect for it.
I have this same fear myself. I'm over the moon happy with my life being sober and I couldn't imagine going back to drinking. But I sometimes wonder what that thing is that could push me over the edge. Will it be some horrible event or will it be me becoming complacent? The thing is there is no guarantee in anything no guarantee that I'll live out the rest of my life sober but also no guarantee that I'll eventually fail. All I can do is live my life today building a solid foundation for my future self and learning what I can from stories like these. Thank you for sharing and I think it's good of you to reach out and listen to your co-worker you both are likely benefiting from it.
Sorry to hear about your friend :(. It isn't selfish to prioritize your sobriety or reach out for support. Maybe more important that what could cause your friend or you to fall off the wagon is what could cause you to get back on it. We all may seriously wreck our lives somehow someday with drinking or with any other habit or even a poor split-second decision and those things sometimes happen despite our best plans. I know that fear often motivated my drinking and I too have worried about the same question but arrived at no useful answer. But I know that feeling of being shaken up at the idea that I might lose my sobriety. Wishing you calm and strength today friend &lt;3
Amazing achievement well done on 2 years. ..In my experience a certain amount of fear is healthy and helpful. But too much of it can be crippling...I read somewhere that after 2 years of sobriety the chances of relapse are lower than 15% so your friend is in the minority...I have been sober for 4 months and I regularly have drinking dreams that absolutely terrify me. But I have a support network and a program that allows me to live with that fear and for me to coexist alongside it without it ruling my life...Hope this makes some sense!..IWNDWYT
&gt;But now I am afraid if someone that has been able to keep his shit together for so long and then fall what guarantee is it that I can stay this way?..I am no longer suffering from fear...I DO have a healthy dose of *Caution*...There's a big difference.  ..Fear is often a non-specific apprehension about "what could happen".  Caution is exercising an assessment of possibilities probabilities and incorporating risk-abatement actions...Here's an analogy that I find helpful to me...There are both Elk and Wolves in Montana.  ..Wolves at times plan to prey on Elk.  Do they head for the middle of the pack?  Do they take on the Elk Bull?  ..No.  They scout the periphery.  They look for those that do not keep up with herd.....  who do not follow the practices and disciplines to mitigate the risk of being eaten by wolves...Similarly I have practices and disciplines that support my *Unimpaired Life*.  I assess the threats to that life and have actions that reduce the risks to me...However when I depart from those practices....   when I veer off from those disciplines....   I increase my risk quotient.  When I have a sober support network....  when I lead with my heart rather than my head....   when I engage in Kindness and Esteemable acts to serve others....   when I have purpose and am useful....   Then I need not fear the "Wolf".  ..When I become isolated....   when I act in a selfish manner....   when I become self-centered.....   Then I am susceptible to the Wolf...&gt;What guarantee is it that I can stay this way?..When I accept that there are not guarantees then I am ready to embrace today.  ..My "mind" wants guarantees....   My heart doesn't need them.
I had 10 years sober then decided to drink again.It took another 10 to quit. There are reasons that happened.I don't fear that it will happen again.I am aware of it but I don't fear it.. This time I am fully committed.I come here to SD almost daily. I have talked to my wife alot so now she understands my issues. I have talked to my adult kids about it. I have read and researched about alcohol in general  and about its effect on people like me in particular. I guess you could say this time I have tools in place to help me. I have accepted that I simply cannot drink.I like my life to much.Alcohol WILL ruin it. You have stayed dry for an amazing 2 yearsthats awesome.Don't be afraid just aware.I will not drink with you today.
