-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgilmq/18_months_sober_joy_and_some_sadness/

It's fucking ridiculous that I am even complaining about this I'll admit that. Its a vent though and honestly I am a bit bitter and this is me unloading here instead of on my poor SO ( who can't even finish his twice a year beer). ..&amp;#x200B;.. Yesterday was 18 months I was a daily drinker 11 years. I only ever had one stint that lasted longer than 24 hours in those 11 years and it was because I had surgery and I was stuck in the hospital nobody would bring me alcohol ( yes I asked). I have also quit smoking using my program and higher power I just hit a year smoke free a month or so ago.  So here is my bitch - people don't have any fucking idea what a game changer sobriety is... My life is god damn amazing but I worked hard for this laid myself out on the line and cried myself to sleep more times than I can count. But - The promises came true -  I am financially secure in a wonderful relationship my work life is amazing I have a beautiful home and 2 dogs and a cat that all love me. So what in the WORLD could I have to complain about?  I want some fucking credit - credit for the work I put in for the internal battles I have fought and won for my transparency honesty and perseverance. Most of the people left in my life after I had to clean house to stay sober - don't get it. They don't understand alcoholism or addition period. ..&amp;#x200B;.. I am to the point in my life where I legit believe my Sobriety Birthday is more important than my actual birthday. I will reward myself more make a bigger stink and be outright more satisfied with my life on October 22nd than I will be on my bellybutton day. Is that nuts? I think of it this way - My life is gone done and over with if I don't keep my sobriety intact. My physical existence on this earth is nice and all but it isn't shit if I am drunk again.  These anniversaries FUCKING MATTER! Yes its another day in a series of days strung together and someone who has never struggled couldn't give a flying fuck but I do. ..&amp;#x200B;.. So - what do you do. Pray on it it meditate? Be honest and tell your closest non-addict/drunk people that it would be nice if these special dates were recognized? Stop depending on others to pat you on the ass for something that needed to be done? Quit bitching and keep kicking ass? ..&amp;#x200B;.. Thanks Reddit - I feel better ; IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Stop depending on others to pat you on the ass for something that needed to be done?..Unfortunately that's what I had to do with almost everything in life.  At work I accomplished amazing feats that just made the CEO richer and he was a horrid man who just treated me like shit and never said one nice thing - yet I know I single-handedly helped that company grow by hundreds of millions per year during my 15 years there (I've moved on since).  At home I have a super self-centered and narcissistic wife who yelled at one of my friends for complimenting me because she didn't want me to gain an ego.  I have no family...  what I can do though is look around and see that I'm providing a better life for my kids that most can... that my family is in a good house in a good place and I'm a good person who does what I can to help others.  Seems like only my current coworkers see/know this so that's why I enjoy my work I guess - and the people I'm around now.  ..The reason I'm finally having success at this is that I'm not doing it for anyone else - in fact I don't even want the attention.  I'm not telling anyone else I'm doing it - and even my wife couldn't possibly realize that this is the 2nd longest I've gone since long before we got married because I'm not talking to her about it - I don't care what she thinks (I could try to do it for her but at times she's the reason I really want to drink so when she pisses me off I go back to it) - I actually joke about it so she'll truly wonder how long its been.  She hasn't said one nice thing about the fact that she hasn't seen me with a drink in 4 weeks or that I'm down &gt;20lbs... NOT ONE THING.  So fuck her and everyone else - I'm doing this for me.  I don't even exercise around her - as soon as she leaves the house I go do some core or strength training or row a few hundred meters - but I'm not doing any of it where she can see it... this is for me and nobody else - and that's why it's been more successful this time...You know what you did - and you SHOULD be proud of it - but like you said - nobody else will  ever understand the struggles.  If you need that pat on the back you may need to go to some meetings with other people who celebrate it with a chip and a bunch of praise because they too understand it - but most people just won't ever know what you've gone through.
Congratulations on 18 months.
Just like you decided to take charge of your life - take charge of the anniversary.  Invite someone to dinner - go get a massage.  And hey?  WTG 18 months - you are kicking some serious ass.
I can't remember the last time I got patted on the back for anything. And I think you have to be an alcohol addict in order to appreciate how hard it is to break free of its hold. ..If I could I'd definitely pat your back. Alcohol AND cigarettes?  Amazing.
Thank you for this post. Knocked me over the head.
Congrats on what you have accomplished. ..Honestly I sometimes wish my wife acknowledged that I quit but then I remember she didn't give me a hard time often when I drank.
