-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgm8jv/today_is_my_fifth_day/

Got out of work early. Had a mental battle during my commute home but made it. My wife asked me to go back out and get some groceries but I asked her if she could please go. I did not want to leave the house once I was home. It sucks that I felt like I couldn't do it either without another major struggle with cravings or without breaking down and just saying fuck it. I started thinking about drinking as soon as I got out of work. She understands and went for us. She's awesome. I'm sure I will be better soon but the last few times I have had to go near my stores I've had to lean on someone to come with me. .. I mean it shouldn't be a big deal but it kind of is right now. Any kind of change in plans or expectations or whatever seems to open my head up to the possibility of finding a drink. I've just started to kind of get over the physical stuff and I feel like my sobriety is a bit fragile. May be I should change grocery stores for a bit but it kind of isn't practical and just changing locations probably won't help. It might make it worse by appearing different but offering the same ease of access to booze and kind of tricking me into thinking my situation is different. May be a bit selfish of me but as I am sitting at home here it's feeling like a really good move.  Not drinking today and I think I just made it nearly impossible without explaining why going to the bar is a good idea to my family xD ..TL:DR; feel like I can't trust myself to leave the house by myself  rn
----------immediate responses--------

I think you are just awesome.  You got a handle on a trigger and you are taking steps so you can add another day without booze.  That is cool.
I am proud that you understand yourself enough (and want to stay sober enough) to make that decision. So happy that you managed this and I will not drink with you today!
Awesome! You are doing this!! Knowing what situations will tempt you and making a plan to get through it is HUGE! And don't worry you will go to the grocery store again without a second thought but right now give yourself time and do whatever it is you need to do to stay out of harm's way. I'm not going to drink today with you. Best wishes!
