-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgmmns/day_one_feeling_scared/

Hello all I found this subreddit after drunkenly googling rehabs sobriety resources etc. It already seems like a great resource and what I was looking for. I'm hesitant to post and feel like someone is going to come up any minute and look over my shoulder and say "What a failure you've become." ..I don't have anyone I can speak to about this so I'm making myself post here. I've been holding onto all this for so long in secret that it feels like a huge monster on my back...I can't remember the last time I went more than 3 days sober...it's been possibly three years. Saying I'd gone 3 days sober isn't something I could have said until this year before it was one day maybe two days. It began in college and with the freedom of becoming 21 and I thought "This is fun this is fine this is temporary." But I've found that the longer I let myself live under that presumption the longer I let myself lose this battle. I'm not "growing out of it". ..Growing up my family did not keep alcohol in the house and I grew up in a dry county. We didn't have alcohol at holidays or dinner or when we went out. I thought it was a cultural thing about the area I'm from. I had an mentally/emotionally abusive and unstable childhood and when I moved away for college my family dissolved. We're close but things erupted and my parents divorced. During this time it came to light that my father was an alcoholic is an alcoholic and it was hidden from us all those years. I have to assume he was sober for a majority of the time but I know since the divorce he has not been. I know several of my family members suffer from addiction even though it's not talked about. It's just kept at arm's length and locked away. ..I think about my dad during these times with such disgust rage and shame. Calling me blacked out from jail. Coming home from the psych ward after attempting suicide. Him drunk and mean. I'm ashamed to talk to my family about our my own struggles for fear I'll be lumped in with him or looked down on in the same way we all look down on him - as some broken man. ...Part of the reason admitting I have a problem is that it seems all that disgust rage and shame I feel towards my dad gets focused onto myself. I try so hard to tell myself I am not my father but in the past few years I see myself in him. It's incredibly difficult because I have nothing but unpleasant memories associated with him and a lot of pity. ..With my drinking it's also led to a myriad of problems that I'm sure others can relate to. Spiraling depression and anxiety. Disordered eating. Socially withdrawing. No sleep. No focus. Memory issues. I avoid mirrors because I can see my drinking carried on my body in the weight I've gained...I guess I feel scared to quit. Drinking puts me sleep. It makes my brain quiet. It makes it so I don't think about anything except for the Netflix show I'm watching. It staves off unpleasant memories and the thought of responsibilities. It makes it so I don't have to think about the past or future and how I'm going to handle it. ..But I really want to quit need to quit because I literally cannot be competent in my life or achieve my goals if I keep drinking. It will kill me first. I just moved and am planning a big move later this summer across country. These past two weeks I've gotten drunk every night because of the stress and change. I realized April 2019 is almost over and I'm still in the same place I was in 2018 2017 2016. My habits aren't changing but my life has picked up in pace. I've been scared I'll loose my job (my first and only full time job) because I show up late everyday disheveled unable to focus or stay calm due to my hangover. I wake up in a panic every morning the past nights bottles hanging out beside my bed. I buy a liter of vodka "for the week" and finish it in 2 days...I wake up every morning saying "Fuck why did I do that. Not tonight tonight I'll go to bed early. I'll take care of myself." And then by the end of the day I've convinced myself it's all good and I have things under control. Why not treat myself? ..I'm ready for the change but I'm scared of facing all my guilt shame and disgust I have for myself and facing the permanent damage I may have caused my body...Thank you for letting me post here. I hope that it helps relieve some of these feelings. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Standing by your side on day 1 we can do this!
Great decision to not drink today. So many of your issues will go away when you have been sober a bit. It doesn't seem like it but I know they do. You can do this and you are not alone. We are here.  IWNDWYT
You've come to the right place for sure. I am about to complete my first full week and can tell you that I am in a better place already. From people here I know it only gets better. We are here with you and for you! I will not drink with you today.
Welcome when you make one change everything changes.....I will not drink with you today.
I found this place on my day 1 also.  Congrats for making the decision to better your time on this Earth!  This sub is a great resource and the ticker next to your name is a powerful motivator!..You got this!
I'm glad you found us. I support you and your sobriety. I'm new also and I read the posts throughout the day. It's amazing how much love understanding and support you will find here.
I can relate to a lot of what you posted  thank you for sharing it. The beginning is hard but I can say that it does get easier. In the beginning I really relied on candy chips cookies anything to take my mind off of drinking. Cravings come in waves but they pass. Thanks again for posting here. You are important. Take care of yourself.
Thank you for this post. We don't have to have the same fate as our fathers.
I wish I was as self aware as you are at your younger age. We are here for you and you can do it...IWNDWYT
Adding my encouragement here!..There's a lot to say and people will be happy to share their stories but I just want to say that you CAN do it. Your life WILL go on and you'll be able to face the challenges and opportunities of your life head on...Also those of us who quit don't possess some kind of special fortitude that you lack. We are doing it and so can you! It just takes that first step down the path then another then another and one day you'll be so far past this bullshit that you won't even recognize that drunk you used to be...Finally we won't judge you. Admitting you have a problem doesn't make you a bad person. It makes you honest and it puts you on the path to save your life...All of the stupid and shameful things you've done and all of those horrible feelings you have? We've done them and had them. We can't take it back but we absolutely can change the kind of person we will be for the rest of our lives...Welcome and congratulations on making the hard choice to take that first step!
Day 1 here as well.  Lets do this!
Just want to say you only have one thing to do today: not take the first drink. You don't have to worry about the bodily damage guilt your dad memories "what if I'm fired" none of that. Just one thing: don't drink today. And then tomorrow the one focus will be: don't take that first drink. It will happen again and again. The rest will come along in its own time. If you took all that on every day along with not drinking you'd crush yourself. Try to make it simple: just one thing to do today...I don't know the answers but I know that this has helped me. I wish you all the best. You've come to a good place here.
It's actually really relaxing...The hardest time I ever had not drinking was just getting used to being bored being still and being calm. ..I'm at a point where I like feeling lazy and I drink a ton of sparkling water. I sleep better and have tons of energy at work and as an electrician my head is waaaaaay more clear on the job and I don't have a hard time keeping up with all the nuances we deal with like I used to
I'm on day one too and there are similarities in our stories. By telling your story you give others strength as well as yourself. Your story isn't ending like this and you're going to find that momentum and resources to lead you to a new and better place.
I feel you 100%. We can live free and we don't have to drink anymore. IWNDWYT
I thought I was alone in my story but you summed up what I feel on a daily basis perfectly.  I just found this sub and have found inspiration.  Thank you.
In relation to your comments about your father I would highly recommend attending AlAnon or at least checking out r/AlAnon. I had a lot of similar feelings about an alcoholic family member and it helped a LOT with the feelings of anger resentment and shame that I don't think I even fully realized I was having. It also helped me a bit with my own drinking while there is no requirement that you must abstain from drinking to attend AlAnon I think it is eye-opening to see the effects that other people's drinking can have on a person... ESPECIALLY when that other person is a parent.
Courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway ~ John Wayne..This is on a magnet on my fridge. It's ok to do hard things scared. You've got this. IWNDWYT
