-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgs27g/60_days_sober_today_including_before_and_after/

This is my third attempt at staying sober and I have to be very honest with you: it's going very well. I feel more motivated and energetic than the last times I attempted sobriety. ..Today I woke up *before* the alarm clock went off - a strange occurrence. When I was still drinking getting up in the morning was an ordeal. The alarm would sound on and off for half an hour until I found the energy to get out of bed. I would often show up to work late and always with diverse degrees of hangover. ..Not today! I woke up fully rested and with enough energy to tackle the day. ..[A picture says more than a thousand words.](https://i.imgur.com/U17A4jt.jpg) Left is me 3 months ago right is me today. In the meantime apart from stopping the boozing I started to diet and exercise. I went from 96 kg (211.5 lbs) to 89 kg (196 lbs) today. The goal is to lose 15 kg (33 lbs) more. I still rock a dad bod but it's slowly going away as well as the man boobs. ..I'm posting this to share with you because it's perfectly OK to be a bit narcissistic (because now it's **me time** plain and simple) when you start taking care of yourself and be proud about your progress. But I also want to encourage lurkers and all of you who struggle to get or to remain sober. It is doable. Relapses and struggling are normal and can be expected. But it's really hard to do it alone. Love yourself your mind and your body you only have one and it does not come with a warranty. Reach out for those who truly listen to you. The damage to your body can be repaired in most cases. Relationships with your loved ones can be saved if both parts are willing. Don't be ashamed (easier said than done I know) of who you are because you can be a better you. And I'm willing to bet that the better you is awesome. ..Keep it up! I wish all of you a great day!
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing transformation in such a short time!..Congratulations on 60 days. Fantastic achievement! :D
Congratulations and thank you for sharing!
Thanks for posting this! You look great!
I wasn't narcissistic when I started but after losing weight I began looking at myself in a mirror and that motivated me to lose even more. So I am down 20% of my body weight with just 15 lbs to go to be as perfect as I ever imagined (200 lbs. @ 6'). Alcohol really screws up your looks.
Good job buddy!  You look so much better skin eyes yada yada yada.  ..But what really sticks out you look HAPPY..Congrats! You got this! IWNDWYT
Fabulous job!  Keep going!!
Raising a glass of sprite to you brother.
Well done!  Proud of you.
You're glowing! ..It sounds like you feel SO much better too. And that's huge. ..Congrats on 60 days!!
WOW Tango! What a beautiful transformation...you're an inspiration congratulations and thank you &lt;3.
Congrats!
Love to hear it and good reminders all around! Congratulations
I'm very happy for you. I'm looking to be where you are soon.
You look so much happier and healthier. The bloat and tired eyes I had them too at the end of last year. Luckily I got rid of them too...IWNDWYT
You look a lot brighter in the face congrats! Keep going strong friend!
