-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgsoni/cruel_reminders/

I am two months into sobriety and loving being sober and happy. However I  recently received an upsetting email from someone who used to be close to me. They wrote details of some of my anti social drinking which I am guilty of many months ago. They were a victim of my drunk words and body language. I am embarrassed because I don't remember the interaction at all but do remember apologising a few days later to which my apology wasn't enough it seems. ..Now this email has oddly triggered feelings to drink again... strange trigger. Being identified as a problem drinker while I am trying my best to be sober can actually make me want to escape right back into that oblivion and not have to deal with the reality of my past. ..I am trying to observe my mind and avoid a relapse. The reminder feels cruel but I guess it's all my fault and I need to accept responsibility but this makes things harder. Anyone had this happen before?
----------immediate responses--------

This is why I love my "delete" button.  Some people will try to keep you down.  I'll apologize once.  After that you can pound sand.  Don't grovel.  Some will try to bring you down (aka "crab in a bucket").  Believe it or not some people enjoy that you have a problem and see it as a way to make money off it point to your failure to lift themselves up or exploit it as an excuse to distance themselves (again to lift themselves up).   What a friend!  When the chips are down they throw you away or under a bus!  I've had a few of those.  Hit the real-life "delete" on them.  Addicts need embraced and lifted up not shunned.  Addicts are some of the greatest people this world offers not lawyers doctors or bankers.  Think of Jesus or Buddha  - they would sit with the man on the street and his sorrows.
Congrats on your two months that's awesome :). After you've apologized and done what you can to make amends if they're still ragging on you about it it's on them and not you. You can't change what you did you can only do your best to go forward in life doing good to others. I know if I couldn't find peace with my drinking past it would keep eating away at me until it made me drink but that's no way to live. Not saying it's easy just that it's simple.
Try to ignore them . You have apologized once  end of story. You  already accepted responsibility and have made amends by getting sober. Well done.
Well what did you do? If they need closure or are . lashing out there may be a good reason. But I agree with the others be careful if they are just trying to bring you down.
