-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgymqj/struggling_with_procrastination/

Hi all! Since getting sober 5 days ago I've been struggling with procrastination and just general no will to do anything. I've been sleeping through my alarms in the morning not going into my office as much and not really working as well. Anybody else struggle with this at the begging of sobriety?..Thanks for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes peoe.respond differently. My advice in the earliest stages is to listen to your body. If your body wants to rest try and let it. Just so long as you are still actively avoiding your triggers be they boredom unscheduled time etc. Hang in there. IWNDWYT!
Long story short you brain is going crazy without it's happy liquid. Give yourself plenty of rest and forgiveness. Don't over commit yourself. Find fun easy things to do that aren't drinking. Trust me it gets better. After detoxing and staying sober I have laser level focus and drive most days. Never had that drinking
You are healing.  It's up and down at first but it gets better with time.
5 days feels like a lifetime in the early days of sobriety but it is actually still so new and if you can I'd consider ways you can give yourself a break...For me I took leave from work for the first week.  I ate anything I wanted (mainly chocolate as I'd lost my regular sugar boast from wine) and just tried my best to listen to my body.  I got so thirsty around 5 - 10 days that no matter how much water I drank it just didn't seem to hit the spot and my mood was all over the place for a good few weeks...Just know you are not alone in your journey and this is just part of the path to a brighter future x
I'm day 10. Well day 4/5 and I balled my eyes out until literally no more tears would flow. So you are doing better than that lol ! ..But yes. Procrastination absolutely. I've had to take time off work too. Very little motivation and I've literally spent hours lying in bed reading or watching tv. Today is the first day I woke with energy. Just got back from walking the dog. I was starting to lose hope that I could  feel' anything anytime soon...I've turned a corner. And you I bet are not far away either.
Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  Things will get better as you stay sober longer.  Actually  it sounds like you are doing really well.
I'm 59 days healthy (I don't use the word  sober ) and I've been focusing on rest and mental recalibration Been dealing with boredom monotony and learning how to live again. It's all very individualized go with where your needs take you. And most importantly congratulations on your success!
