-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgz5m7/i_finally_made_it_past_day_two_again/

Hello..After weeks of struggling I am glad to say that I finally made it past day two. I know this is the beginning but it is a big deal for me. As always I like to share how my day went both for me and for others to read. ..Morning: I generally felt ok. I drank a few cups of coffee and went straight to work on my PhD corrections. I didn't feel that anxious but I did feel slight discomfort. I listened to podcasts..Afternoon/late Afternoon: I am glad to say that I got the vast majority of my corrections finished (but will double check tomorrow). I began feeling a bit worse..anxiety heightened and felt more out of it. having a beer crossed my mind. I began listening to podcasts that focus on sobriety. When I felt the absolute worst I took a shower and then drank some tea. ..Evening: I totally forgot that I didn't go grocery shopping! That put me in a bit of a mess because I wanted to avoid town (so many pubs including my local are on the way). SO I decided to go to the Saintsburys in the opposite direction..which is not only a nice walk BUT only goes through residential areas and not past bars...Now I am about to eat dinner. I am not feeling the best but I am not feeling as bad as I did during previous times I tried to get past day 2. I am also watching original episodes of the Twilight Zone (which is kind of like comfort food for me) and drinking tea. ..Assorted Observations:..1. Anxiety heightened around 3 and peaked at 6. Started to decline around 7. ..2. While at the shop I noticed that I absolutely CRAVED both sweets and bread (generally not like me). ..3. I felt some brain fog it was difficult to do any crazy work and my anxiety and discomfort prevented me from doing a few essential things. ..4. I was a bit more emotional than usual. ..Overall discomfort (1 being least and 10 being worst): 5..Thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong friend! You can keep on going I am sure! We will be keeping our fingers crossed for you.
Hope you feel better and get your paper done! Positive vibes!! IWNDWYT
You got this! Read it a million times everyday if you need to. You are amazing and can overcome because you got this! Small steps and no small victory should be overlooked.
Good luck on day 3 and congrats on Day two. You can do this!    
Keep coming back here and we'll see you on day 3!..Don't feel bad about indulging in some carbs and sweets whatever you were drinking was probably full of both and quitting carbs and sugars is freaking hard enough
This is the part where you're constantly struggling to convince yourself it's worth it because you haven't yet begun to feel the benefits...If you make it past a week and then two weeks it starts to become more and more apparent.  After a month you realize you're no longer fully concerned with whether or not you're going to drink today/tonight...It keeps getting better but the really hard part is powering through the first week or two until you can start to really see the benefits.
It was interesting reading your feelings at different times I'm on day 2 aswell. Please post again tomorrow !
