-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhfuld/another_tuesday_night_scared_straight/

Sorry if this is kind of long...I decided to write this down to really see the severity of my situation from a birds eye view. And to post it to SD to hold myself accountable and for support. I am struggling pretty bad right now...Tuesday night this week...Another work dinner meeting. Didn't plan to do anything didn't plan at all but told yourself you  wouldn't drink.  Walk upstairs to the room and immediately order a  whatever he's drinking  (you know exactly what it is and it's a high abv beer). Decide to stand outside of the actual presentation because you have seen enough of them. In reality you can hide outside and catch the waiters before they go into the room and order more beer no one will notice. Put down multiple high abv beers throughout the meeting not noticing in the 3 hours you're there your left hand has been occupied with a beer the entire time. Develop a decent buzz...Now you notice your colleague a younger fresh out of college kid has been putting them back as well. Now your brain really starts working  I bet I can get him to stay after everyone has left and get more drinks at the bar.  Sure enough next thing you know everyone has left except him and I sitting at the barstool on a Tuesday. A couple of beers later you remember some of the conversation ordering a shot of rumple minze (100 proof) at one point..... and then BAM...Wake up at 4:00am at home on the couch still in my suit which is now ruined because i pissed myself.....and the couch. I drove home? Anxiety through the roof knowing I should be in a jail cell or worse right now. Shit did my wife wake up at all? If she saw me that's it I am out of the house for good. Run upstairs change and go back to sleep have to be up in 2 hours. I'll figure out the couch later...Wake up at 6:00 am 7 month old daughter is still asleep (thank God) puke in the kitchen sink worst hangover of my life not sure how I am going to survive today. Notice the stove is a disaster I made some kind of food last night and looks like most of it is all over the counter. Go down to the basement bathroom to puke some more. Realize you're probably headed towards divorce and losing the ability to see your daughter which kills you but at the same time you're so hungover you almost don't even care. Spend the next 3 hours at work going every 20 minutes to the bathroom to throw up and just sit down because you feel like you're going to pass out. Make it through work and go sit in your car and nap for 2 hours. Finally feel a little better. The rest of the day is just trying to make it until bed getting absolutely nothing done and being miserable to my wife and daughter. The next two days while not physically ill will be much worse riddled with guilt fear anxiety self loathing and depression...I somehow managed to do all of this without a single person knowing including my wife. I have done this a hundred times. Which is normally a great way for me to justify doing it again. But not this time. For whatever reason this time I decided to write this out and post here where I have been lurking and telling myself I am not that bad. Normal people don't do that. I scared myself pretty bad that night. I could have killed someone. But no more. I'm done with this I can't do this to my family anymore I can't do this to me anymore. I am going to lose everything and that will probably kill me. The worst/crazy part is there is still a part of me that thinks I can control this I can just stop I don't need help. Which ultimately I know is a lie. ..I guess I am looking for a little support and for someone to tell me there is light at the end of the tunnel because my tunnel looks pretty black to me right now. I see a counselor weekly but going to AA tomorrow. It's time to get honest and serious...I hope.
----------immediate responses--------

I believe that you've just put a light at the end of the tunnel by acknowledging you have to start moving away from the darkness where your drunk self was. Yes was. Once I accepted that my drinking was a problem I didn't want there was no going back to being okay with myself when I drink. It took me more than one attempt to quit but the version of me that was minimising the impact of my drinking was gone. Forever. ..One day at a time fellow sobernaut that's how life is packaged. That's how I and many others approach sobriety. You can do it. In fact if you're sober right now you are doing it already...IWNDWYT
I would definately get serious! Glad you are going to AA. I would not want to be one of the people that lost it all the next time they drank. I would not want to take anymore chances as I think you have been extremely lucky. Luck runs out though. You can change the narrative there is a beam at the end of the tunnel of sobriety! IWNDWYT
Don't  count on your drinking not being noticed  at work.. The light at the end of the tunnel  is to stop drinking all together. AA will definitely  help. I wish you lots of success in staying sober.
You're not the only one that manages to be a functioning alcoholic. I remember the work dinners and pressure to drink. I remember making an ass of myself and coworkers laughing at my expense the next day. It's not fun and only exacerbates my anxiety. Have an excuse for why you can't go. Drink a coke no one has to know it doesn't have rum. Tell your coworkers you can be DD. Whatever it takes to not have that first drink. One day at a time.
Powerful stuff man!  I've been in similar situations multiple times.  I'm tired/scared/hopeless too.  Thanks for sharing this.  I'm going to read it several times tonight.  IWNDWYT
Thanks for the post  I have been there and you are right when you said " worst/crazy part is there is still a part of me that thinks I can control this" . thats was the whole key for me.. I spent 35 years trying to control "this". ..Sorry we will never be able to control "this". there is no going back...Normal drinking door has been shut and there is no reentry...IWNDWYT
You are not alone. I'm there too. Drank last night and woke up feeling like crap plus the shame spiral that follows. I just got this feeling that it's not worth it. The short term gratification just isn't worth the emotional and physical pain. There is light at the end of the tunnel and I'm hopeful. Today I wrote a list of all the things alcohol takes away from me and balanced it against the one thing alcohol does give me (avoidance). It helps to see on paper and I might pull it out when I'm craving next time. Glad you are going to AA!
You described a very similar state of affairs to me. Keep the hope and give yourself some rest by getting through the first day week and then 30. Keep going. The silver lining is that desperation is a gift of grace that provides clarity and is not to be wasted.
Glad you are here. You have an opportunity to do what's right and that's take care of yourself.  You are fortunate that you haven't hurt someone else while driving drunk. You deserve a sober life and your family deserves a sober husband and father. Stay strong friend. IWNDWYT
Good luck! I hope you save your marriage...My coworkers drink a lot. We're out of town a lot. So drinks are on the company. My 2 drink max sucks. I rarely stick to it. It gives me an excuse all the time.
Hey man you've come to the right place. Just start focusing on one day at a time. Tonight I avoided drinking and doing drugs in a situation that I've been in 100s is times before but this time I stuck to my guns and now I'm home in bed at a reasonable hour excited to take a walk and spend time with my family tomorrow. What you described never has to happen again if you don't want it to.
Only you can do the honest and serious part. ..I can only say I would not have that next 1. I don't need to tell you where it will lead. ..1 day at a time you need never take another drink. I hit AA big time after my last drink. It saved my life. ..We all are here for you. I will be live in you till you can believe in yourself. ..Your Friend John.         
Although not married and don't have children like many on here I can relate to a lot of this.  What age are you if you odn't mind me asking?  I'm guessing in your 30's anyway...All that behaviour you said is 'funny' in your early 20's.  "Man vanilla123thrilla is such a legend...."  but when you are a bit older I think the time comes when you realise "WTF am I doing???"..It looks like you have had that moment. Of course the answer to this is to stop drinking but we all know this is easier said than done.  ..You will almost certainly have some bumps and setbacks along the way but persistence is key...I look at my counter and I am 1212 days sober but God knows how many "never drinking agains" I had at least 20 I'm sure which include 3 other serious 4.5 month sober stints in 2010 2014 and 2015...Best of luck to you.
Good luck to you. I see a lot of  myself in your story. IWNDWYT.
Bottom is where you stop digging. ..It is a disease of the mind and spirit. We cannot stay sober without help alone the disease tells us we do not have it and that we can control our drinking even though our logical mind knows we cannot. ..Please ask for help! We must admit to our innermost selves that we are alcoholic. Although it sounds trite we must surrender to win. That is what made me understand that there is help. ..Together we stay sober alone I get drunk. ..IWNDWYT
Do not kid yourself.  Your wife knows and it probably terrifies her...In my experience it's impossible to deal with an addiction as long as it's a secret.  Tell your wife this story tell her you're "riddled with guilt fear anxiety self loathing and depression" over this that you're going to AA and ask for her support...It could go a long way.....I was in a similar situation 10 years ago.  I couldn't get honest with anybody and I lost everything that was important to me.  With the help of AA doctors and therapists I've been sober 8.5 out of the last 9 years (yes I slipped around year six)...Good luck!  IWNDWYT
