-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhmed2/feeling_like_a_fraud_in_aa/

Went to my first A.A. meeting yesterday.  I know that I can benefit from being there but I still couldn't help but feel like my problems with drinking weren't  that bad ...My rock bottom wasn't what spawned me to quit drinking.  My absolute rock bottom happened roughly 6-7 years ago and I thought I was able to control my drinking over time but all I really did was replace daily drinking with serious binges.  I could plow through a whole bottle of whiskey in a night.  If I intended to drink I would often buy a 1.5 liter of wine and a 6 pack of 16 oz cans and go through all of it in a night followed by the panicky feeling at 2am when I was out of alcohol and knew I couldn't find more.  Once I start I absolutely won't stop until I pass out or there is nothing left to drink. I keptthis behavior up for years multiple times a week...My wake up call was more of a whisper than a scream.  I hadn't drank in roughly a week.  I went out with friends no intention of getting drunk at all maybe a few drinks.  Probably had 10-13 whiskey sodas at the bar followed by going to said friends house after drinking god knows how much more whiskey blacked out and have no recollection of the walk home.  ..This was a normal night out for me.  I had nights like this all of the time.  What was really the  wake up  part for me was the hangover.  I hadn't experienced a hangover like this maybe ever.  Every muscle in my body was screaming I physically couldn't pull myself out of bed until 5pm the next day.  I knew I needed to take a break...I started this sobriety with the outlook of  this is just temporary  and  I'll be able to drink again and moderate .  But the longer I was sober(I'm on day 54 now which is four times as long as I've managed to stay sober in 11 years) I realized that my drinking whatever form it had currently taken binging or daily use was fucking up my life.  I felt clarity I enjoyed my mornings I loved being able to get consistent and restful sleep.  ..I started to toy with the idea of going to meetings.  Maybe they could help me?  Was I ever really bad enough to deserve to be there?  I buckled down reached out and found a meeting close to me that fit my identity(I'm LGTBQI) and went last night...It did feel good to be in a room full of people who had struggled with the same things I had but hearing people who were drinking everyday or them ruining relationships as the catalyst that spawned them to start attending I couldn't help but feel like I was a faker.  Like my problems had maybe had been that bad at one time but I hadn't experienced them in years and I had  held it together  in the recent past with regards to my drinking.  I was never a person who did  bad things  outwardly and openly when I drank.  There aren't tons of embarrassing stories about me I don't remember from when I was drunk.  I was often the one that  held it together  but still could drink anyone under the table and outlast everyone by the end of the night.  I wasn't always this way but my decade long dance with alcoholism had turned me into this person who was so good at hiding how much pain drinking was actually causing me...I know that I can benefit from continuing to go to these meetings and I don't intend to stop but I just can't help but feel like my problem with alcohol just wasn't that bad...I don't really have any specific intention with this post other than just venting and I'm sorry if it comes off as rambling.  I don't really have that many people to talk to about this and I don't want to wear down my friends who aren't sober by trying to process all of this with their help.
----------immediate responses--------

People deal with things in their own way and A.A. isn't one size fits all. It works for many people and that's great but at the end of the day you have to do what's best for you what you get the most out of and what will keep you on this path. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
[removed]
I'm also in AA and what I think is important to remember is that anyone and everyone is welcome there. Don't think your problem has to be as  bad  as someone else's to be part of the rooms...I'm sure you've heard it before but the only requirement to be in AA is the desire to stop drinking. If that's you then that's good enough. ..I am similar to you (binge drinker) and also had a lot of the same feelings about whether or not my problem was  bad enough  to need help. But the only thing that mattered is that I wanted help and wanted to stop drinking. ..I've been trying to get/stay sober since last spring and started going to AA just this month. I can honestly say it's helped tremendously. If doesn't hurt to try it out and if it works for you then great! If not you can always move on to something else. ..IWNDWYT!
To me alcoholism is like an elevator to Hell. It's always going down. Sometimes quickly sometimes slowly but always on that one direction. The beauty is we can choose to get off whenever we like but while riding we cannot stop it or moderate it's predestined descent. ..There are no frauds in AA. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking a desire to exit the elevator. If you're trying to moderate the descent of the elevator you may not belong in AA...yet.  For me more research was required and I had to obtain the gift of absolute desperation. ..IWNDWYT
&gt; I don't really have that many people to talk to about this and I don't want to wear down my friends who aren't sober by trying to process all of this with their help.    ..That's why I really like this sub.  I do have sober friends and I go to AA sometimes but this sub has really helped me to think about my own path forward. Reading everyone's experiences - yours included - really helps me.  Thanks for posting and stay on the healthy path whatever it is for you!  Better than drinking any day.
I read your story and I think the problem that was described sounds as serious as my problem which lasted for years and years and years under the radar because I got so good at concealing my drinking my problems and my misery from everyone around me. Or so I thought. The alcoholic is sometimes the last person to realize they have a problem. 10-15 whiskeys? No problem? Keep coming back.
Everyone's problem is different. ..I used to be a blackout drinker like you describe. I had those hangovers from hell. I woke up in people's beds and didn't remember meeting them. It was common for me not to remember how I got home ... This was before Ubers so I'd spend every morning making sure I still had my phone my id and my money.  The funny thing is most other people I knew were like this too. ..By the time I quit my problem was so much less dramatic. I made tons of money I went on glamorous trips for work. I drank in airport lounges in first class in hotel bars. Once I got a solid buzz I'd order a bottle to my room and pass out there. At home I drank nice bourbon every evening. I replaced the bottles constantly and refilled my glass in the kitchen so my husband didn't know how much I was drinking...I didn't black out anymore so my husband actually thought things were better.  And absolutely no one thought I had a problem. But I did. And I was miserable. So I quit...If you keep going to AA you'll hear all kinds of stories.
The only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. I listened for similarities between me and others. Sometimes it was a matter of ."That hasn't happened to me...YET!"..It isn't a matter of being "bad enough" to go to AA. If you want to stop drinking you fit. Period.
They say in AA that you only need the desire to stop drinking. No other prerequisites...I really like the saying "you don't need to hit rock bottom you just need to stop digging."..There's a podcast called "Recovery Elevator" and the host talks in episode 001 about listening to the differences vs listening to the similarities when going to meetings. I definitely recommend listening to that! It's the beginning of the episode the title is "do you have a drinking problem"...Good luck :)
[removed]
This post has really helped me today so Thankyou. I visited an A.A. group for the first time over a year ago unfortunately I didn't return so life carried on in much the same way.  I have been contemplating going to a meeting this evening but worried again about going. Seeing someone who went yesterday has now given me the extra push and I think I will go this evening.
&gt;absolute rock bottom happened roughly 6-7 years ago and I thought I was able to control my drinking over time but all I really did was replace daily drinking with serious binges...This is exactly me!  I understand how you feel. There are stories I hear in meetings that I cannot relate to as well. What I go for is to mine for nuggets of wisdom on how to live life in a less chaotic manner and to make connections with fellow humans trying to live life without substances. ..You are not alone and we are with you in this journey. IWNDWYT!
Someone who considers themselves to be a  high bottom  drunk is just as important to the fellowship of AA as the  low bottom  drunk. Maybe more so. It gives others hope knowing that they too can benefit from the recovery program before they lose everything. Good luck. IWNDWYT
I started feeling like a fraud at A.A. when I started to try some controlled drinking.  I then quit attending.  I continue to avoid alcohol but don't strictly abstain from it and that seems to work for me.  If it hadn't worked for me or someday doesn't work for me I know that I can go back and recommit to absolute sobriety.  The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking and I felt like my true desire was to cut way back / seldom drink.   As long as you truly have a desire to quit you should be welcome and hopefully feel welcome.  IWNDWYT
Hi OP! You're not alone in feeling like this. You are welcome in this community since we are all united in our desire to quit drinking regardless of the reasons behind the decision. Everyone's history is different and all progress is celebrated...&amp;#x200B;..I didn't have a rock bottom either and I still have trouble answering questions about what prompted me to get sober even three years into my sobriety. I never lost a job I never got a DUI I don't "look like an alcoholic." All I know is that I feel better sober and that's good enough for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..Not wanting that panicky feeling at 2am not wanting to poison your body with liters and liters of depressants not wanting a hangover that made all of your muscles scream with pain not wanting to spend money on 10-13 drinks wanting to enjoy the morning the mental clarity - those are ALL valid reasons!  ..IWNDWYT!
