-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhthy6/i_just_finished_my_taper_i_guess_i_just_wanted_to/

6 years as a heavy drinker. Struggled to get clean the last two years. Lost multiple jobs lost my relationship all my friends... Got injuries that have changed my life. "Woke up" after a month long bender where I was drinking 30-40 drinks a day. Had a moment of strength and clarity and I asked for help. I'm currently alcohol free and I can't even believe it. I even slept for almost 6 hours and didn't wake up drenched in sweat. It's only been a day but I haven't felt so good in a long time. For everyone out there lurking it's possible. Good luck everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations.  Keep it up...I will not drink with you today.
Good luck. Getting through the first few days myself...Hang in there.
The first days are hard but worth it. You can do it.
Hell no this isn't inappropriate!  This is THE place to be AND you just told tons of fantastic people.  IWNDWYT
You should be proud! This place has provided me with so much insight and wisdom and I hope it does the same for you. Cheers to not drinking!
There's nothing inappropriate about it at all. Most people in the world won't understand this achievement but the people that come here do. Keep going. Sleep returning shows you are on your way it's all up from here. Well done.
That's awesome!!! How are you feeling?
Congrats!!!!
Awesome.  I know how hard those damn tapers can be.  I couldn't ever do it.  Had to hit detox.  Good on you man. If you can accomplish this you can do anything you set your mind to
Amazing. Congrats! I didn't have the willpower to taper. Good work!
Wow congrats! The decision is so crucial. Just keep building your toolbox of things to do when the urge hits and don't put that poison in your mouth! IWNDWYT!
Thank you for your inspiration but more importantly thank you for your true and unadulterated presence. SUPER happy for you. I've never had the physical side effects of long-term dependency but have many family members who chose not to stop drinking because the withdrawal was too much. 3 of them including my father died and another 1 was in the ER and thankfully has stayed sober for 10+ years since. I see 2 of my cousins on the same path and feel so lucky to not have had to struggle with that aspect of alcohol dependency-- where you find yourself in a loop of drinking to cure terrible hangovers caused by drinking to cure hangovers caused by drinking... Etc. You deserve to be so SO proud of successfully tapering. As far as I can tell from a lifetime of dealing with alcoholism and alcoholics that's the hardest part. You are NO LONGER KILLING your body. OFFICIALLY. Holy shit that's a big deal. ..GOOD JOB! ..Iwndwyt!
That is really a HUGE achievement!  Congratulations man!..Serious question: how did you manage that much alcohol?  Did you just constantly have something in your hand? (Mods can remove if this question is inappropriate.)
Fuck ya! One day at a time! We're here for you so remember you're not alone. IWNDWYT
Congratulations! I'm proud of you and I hope the next part of your life is great.
Congrats!!  I'm proud of you!
I am proud of you too!
You are right to be proud! One day at a time. What's your plan? Do you have a support system in place? I know for me checking in here daily sometimes hourly was hugely helpful to me. We are here for you!
good job
Congrates. Soon we will sleep normally maybe in a couple days. I've been listening to podcasts like crazy trying to move past the anxiety.
Welcome   IWNDWYT
Not inappropriate at all - congratulations! You belong here and thanks for posting. Keep coming back. This community has helped so many people muscle through I'm sure you'll find lots of support and inspiration here. .One minute at a time one hour one day - you've got this! IWNDWYT
Wonderful work keep going it is worth it. It is always worth it.
I did it last fall/winter. Over a period of a month I steadily lowered amount each day. Slipped once. But thank God it's over. I believe in tapering and I'm thankful I've made it. It tough me a lesson of self discipline and made me really hate drinking :)
IWNDWYT!
That's fantastic! IWNDWYT!
Could you share your taper schedule? Like how many days and how many drinks per day? ..After reading up on all the potential risks of alcohol withdrawal it would be nice to know the specifics of people like yourself who successfully tapered down rather than going cold-turkey.
Congratulations!
For well over six months I only shared little tidbits with one friend and one family member.  A lifeline kinda thing in no way a confidant.  SD was my community is my community.  This is a really good place to share milestones express concern etc.  Congrats!  Sleep is THE BEST.  I think that I might not have gotten more than an hour or so of rest for five years or so - FIVE YEARS!  The poison was wrecking all parts of my body and soul - but the no sleep was a 100x multiplier.  IWNDWYT.
I'm excited for you and the road ahead. What really helped me was to understand the effect alcohol has on the body and more importantly the mind. I read loads of books on the subject and watched everything I could find online to educate myself. For me getting sober was the easy bit making the decision was the hard bit. I wish you all the very best and hope you enjoy your sober future. IWNDWYT  
Well done. We all had a day 1 some where. I do it 1 day at a time. I can take 1 day. Those 1 days add up before you realise...Take care. Your Friend John        
Congratulations. Keep going one day at a time. Much love
Congrats
Well done!
Nice work.
WooHoo - congratulations on taking the big step to changing your life.  Its a huge deal and we're cheering you one.  IWND  WYT
Great work. I'm happy for you
Keep it up. I've been there many times. Insomnia hot and cold sweats shaking anxious emotional suicidal. It gets worse every time you go back to it. Remember that because one day you can forget and like Emeril BAM!  Drunk and on a spree. Good luck to everyone today.
Keep going!!! IWNDWYT!!!!
Please tell yourself you will do two weeks. Just two weeks. You can reevaluate at that time-  that's what helped me get out of the haze and withdrawals and the habit. After two weeks I knew I could go two more weeks and on and on. Now I don't even think about drinking really.
This is major!!! You should be proud.
Well done on your brilliant effort. I will keep sober with you today.
Thanks for this.  I'm in the middle of a taper and needed some reminding that things get better.
Wonderful! I tapered too and have something like a year and a half now. Keep going!!!!
We are proud of you too! Tapering takes no small amount of willpower. Onward and upward friend! Iwndwyt
One day at a time bro. Good post.
I understand getting injured on a serious drunk. I got blackout drunk a few years ago.  Afterwards the bartender claimed he couldn't even tell I was drunk when I turned down a shot at the end of the night. Liar. I was stumbling flushed and messed up...Anyway...I hurt my back pretty bad.. and now have permanent mild numbness and paralysis in my leg. After years of going to doctors they just can't fix it.
