-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bi9rys/new_hobbies_youve_taken_up/

Been struggling a bit with what to do with myself in my spare time. I added yoga and that's been great but it's only 1 hour a day. My fianc  and I go out to eat as well but otherwise I spent a lot of my time pounding drinks. Felt a little broken yesterday because I couldn't just go grab a beer. What have you picked up (or always done) that you enjoy in your spare time?
----------immediate responses--------

Strength training 4 times a week keeps me in check and reading is good too...I've found the best activities are learning a second language as it's great for meeting new people and will open doors once you become proficient and martial arts as it instills discipline gets you fitter stronger and able to defend yourself if needs be and is also great for meeting people..
I would suggest art! Painting drawing coloring books for adults.. it helps to keep the hands busy and since art is never finished simply abandoned it can take up as much time as you need to fill to get through your cravings. :)
I love to travel so I spend a lot of time researching places I'm interested in traveling to in the future. I'll read about the history and culture. And if I decide to actually visit I'll begin looking into budget-friendly hotels and restaurants. And as someone mentioned earlier it's fun to study the languages of the places I'm traveling to even if I'm just learning key phrases.
Is there anything that ever made you think "heythats cool.Id like to try that one day" ?  I have also found that things I think I could never do aren't near as hard scarey or complicated once I get my hands on them. I have been trying to read more do Yoga more regularly take the time to talk to people and I have started a business  with my son.So  I have added some small things and one big one.Go for it friend.The world is our sober oyster.I will not drink with you today  
I've always loved to read but often couldn't concentrate for more than a page or two when I was drinking. I've been reading constantly since I stopped and have found it to be a great escape. Free kindle books from the library ftw!
Cycling/MTBing is a pretty good hobby. It kills a lot of time and is quite fun. On shitty days I got into model railroading and collecting/shooting firearms.
Yoga is amazing. I also mediate 20 minutes a day learning the banjo learning the guitar learned how to hunt for edible mushrooms draw learned photoshop and illustrator and do yard work.
Investigate Meetup for social interaction around a common interest.
Got back into cycling. I never could get myself out of bed in time before. Not even because I was blackout drunk but it made me lazy af. 70 miles down today and I'm in agony but it feels great. Endorphins ftw.
I volunteer for nonprofits and arts orgs it's really rewarding.
