-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bicawg/1_year_sobriety_1_year_postmilitary_1_year_of/

When I started drinking I was 15. First time I felt that liquor hit my throat my senses turned into what 5 gum portrays on their commercials. Hair stood up on my neck chills throughout my body and a taste of relaxation hit my brain like it was always payday weekend. Both my Great Grandfathers were alcoholics My grandmother My father and my mother all had the acquired taste built in and there for looking back now I realized I was in a world of hurt. I grew up with a rough childhood father was a habitual drug user/drunk. Best reference is  Frank  from Shameless but he loved to get handsy when he was high. Eventually my mother left and our life was a struggle from there as she was a single mom with 2 boys. She worked hard busted her ass at work and busted ours if we stepped out of line. She was the best mother she could be and I love her to this day for that. I partied throughout high school grew up in the South so it was Bon fires and field parties every weekend along with some day drinking and fishing. It was normal for us to drink and even our parents thought little of it. I left that small town and joined the military where my life got significantly better but significantly harder. I deployed 3x in my 9 year career and all 3 were to combat environments- 28 months total- Afghanistan 2x- Iraq 1x. I've missed more time with my family than I could ever think to give again. I spent years self-medicating mental injuries with compulsive drinking because I was scared to talk about PTSD and depression. When I started day drinking to knock of the sickness and shakes I realized I could manage my moods better when I was at work. Nothing crazy to us alcoholics just a swig or two you know? Just to get ya going. Stress kept piling on bills kept coming and an addiction creeping behind me without me knowing it. I began to stutter some during the day I'd get terrible sweats my eyes would feel dry and that taste on my tongue I couldn't get off unless I sipped that Barton's. Before I knew it I was waking up every 3 hours to sip alcohol or I knew I'd be sick. I spent so much energy on the thought of ..-  Okay if I stop drinking now I'll have enough for a gulp or two and that'll hold me over till 9am when the liquor store opens  (on a regular workday).-  I'll drink some on the way home so I'm not so uptight when I get home .-  If I don't eat dinner I don't have to drink as much  .-  I should probably drink some before (going wherever) because they might not have liquor .-  Damn I can't go into that liquor store I've already been once today and I got the .750ml  (drives across town to new store) ..All those things that go into drinking: Hiding it- I was embarrassed when I began to drink more and so I  hid .My drinking as best as I could until I was caught red handed in lies. Even then I continued to try and be sneaky. Changing where I hid my bottles remembering where I hid those bottles remembering where I threw them away and did I cover them up enough? Okay how about my eyes? Red? Glossy? I bet I smell like a little liquor get the cologne and mist that on yourself. Try to cool breeze your way through conversations get WAY TOO emotionally invested and exaggerate every scenario. Well not to us were the normal ones. How about all the times we drank too much and had to think hard about the night before only for it to take hours if not at all to remember it. I remember taking notes in my phone just for a reference in the morning for example if my wife and I argued I'd make a note. That was a direct reflection of my piss poor memory a morning after a intense argument in which I remember.... ZERO about!!! I spent 9 days drinking Barton's Vodka out of a 1.75 jug. Not just one but several. Each stop at the liquor store I grew sicker and looked even sicker. Two  (1Lt) bottles of Barton's Powerade and sprite. That was about the extent of my diet during that time and on the 12th day I called a buddy and asked him to carry me to the hospital because I couldn't physically move off my couch. I could hardly walk I could barely see straight and one things certain I was dying. ..I entered with a BAC of .397 Doctors had low expectations for me as they believed I would have died or had some MR (mental retardation).  12 days later I'm finally out of a medical induced coma and conscious. When I woke up I was as sick as I had ever felt. I felt like my insides were melting and being ripped apart with can opener and all the while I have to now learn how to REWALK!!! I was transferred to a rehabilitation center where I made it 30 days there and then another 5 months. ..I relapsed. ..Made it 2 weeks sober and thought I got the hang of this I have all of my plans in order a relapse prevention plan etc. but I found the very first reason I could to drink. This time I was drinking with a purpose. I knew I couldn't quit so I was gonna make myself quit. I went on a bender for about 8 days before I landed in the ER with a BAC of  .369. This time the military sent me to a Mental Health institution where I was inpatient for 8 days and I knew I could no longer where the uniform. I was so mentally shot physically beaten and the exact feeling of when Forrest Gump says  I'm pretty tired I think I'll go home now  summed up my psychological well-being. Fast forward to April 28th 2018- I relapsed again. This time I drank so fast I blacked out almost instantly and when I woke up I realized I had fucked up.  My son had watched me drink for the last time he cried in fear that night for me as I left AGAIN for the hospital. That night I received a IV and a $2200 medical bill (because I hadn't enrolled in my healthcare because I was always drunk). Tonight I lay in bed next to my wife and my youngest boy healthy and sober. 1 year of sobriety was hard as shit. I haven't had a year of sobriety since I was 15. But it would have been a much harder year had I given up on sobriety. I absolutely don't want to share this with hundreds-thousands of people but I do know that with my story comes 500 people with the same scenario and I hope it helps you. I'm not an AA guy but I will say something that's made me understand alcohol. I have zero fucking control over it. I'm powerless over it. I can't have one shot one drink one pint one fifth or even one sniff. The sooner I learned that the quicker my sobriety came. Stay away from the booze. It doesn't make you feel better won't make you happier doesn't make your sadness go away doesn't help you sleep doesn't relax you and the one I loved   I'll have a drink or two and I won't hurt when I get on the floor to play with the kids . ..4 HOURS LATER   *Spongebob voice ..You're asleep on the floor or couch. Wondering where everyone ran off too and feeling like absolute shit. I was sick of it and even writing this makes me sick. I hope if you're reading this whether its been 1 hour or 1 decade I hope you can find the will power and strength to overcome the demons in your head saying  drink . I hope you wake up feeling better stronger healthier and happier each day you make it. If you're hammered right now lightly buzzed or thrashed from the night before remember you can do this too. It only takes 1 step to start a entire new journey. I don't plan on drinking again ever but I know IWNDWYT! ..TL;DR Veteran. I deployed a bunch self medicated with alcohol and lived through hell to say you can do it too.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your experience. So much of your story mirrors mine (well up to the writing things down so you could remember them lol!). It really does help me to see the \*rest\* of the story because in the back of my mind my alcoholic voice is always whispering that it would be OK to have one drink that I have relapsed before and managed to get out of it etc... but I know perfectly well that it was harder getting sober this time and it would be even harder the next time and that alcohol wants to kill me. I am so glad you got sober and that you are alive to enjoy life with your family. Stay strong! IWNDWYT.
Combat vet here too.  Good to see you here brother.  Thanks for your post.
Wow. Great post. Thanks for sharing this. Good reminder of the destructive outcome of giving in to the pull of addiction. You are a true hero on many levels. You've done more good than you'll ever know.
Thank you for sharing it helps! And congratulations!!
Thanks for posting this. It's really familiar lots of the reasons excuses. Thank you for your service as well. One year is excellent work!
Congratulations on a hard-won year. I'm glad you're here to tell the tale. IWNDWYT
You are such a hero. Huge congratulations on your amazing one year of sobriety    ..Thank you also for being so brave as to enlist and to go into combat to keep our world safe  
I see so much of me here I remember the Fear when I opened a new 1.5 liter vodke because I didn't know where the next one was coming from and I knew there would be a next one. Keep it up.
Great post.  I see some of myself there.  Fantastic  job!
Active duty here.  I feel ya man.  Congrats on the sobriety. You eaned it
Not a combat veteran but active duty.  The military has such a heavy alcohol abuse culture.  It's not a healthy place.  Great job!
Thank you for sharing such a powerful story. Your example of humility in opening up to this community takes courage and integrity. It is inspiring and gives me courage and humility to keep on this sober path. I am honored to be sober with you today. Peace.
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Congratulations! Thank you for your post and service. You are amazing!    
Happy sober circle around the sun!
Incredible story thank you so much for sharing. So glad you made it through. Thank you for your service and sacrifices
Well what an impacting story. Thank you so much for sharing. I could fell myself with you each step of that journey. Almost my story. ..And now 1 year sober. A huge milestone for you and a huge step in the right direction. ..Happy Birthday           ..I will be sober with you just for today. ..Your Friend John.
Happy 1th Birthday   
Well done! Looking back my addiction probably started in the military as well.
