-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bid7b6/cross_addiction/

Hello everyone ..My name is Lexie 26yo female haven't had a drink in coming up 18 months...These past few weeks I have really been struggling. First there was a break up and I needed to move house which was stressful. I coped with the stress with drinking copious amounts of 0% Heineken. ..Since then I have been abusing prescription pills. I never had a problem with this before that it's only developed in the last 3 months. Especially when it get stressful around uni/assignment time. ..Last night I got high on weed (again stress-related) and tonight it was Ritalin (because last night ended really badly). I see the old behaviours emerging. I cannot pick up a drink. I will lose everything. But I feel I am so close and abusing other substances is the only way I have been able to stay off alcohol (I believe). ..Anyone who has had experience with this.. please share your strength and hope   
----------immediate responses--------

I have the same pattern.  I used to identify as a cross addicted alcohol and it fits.  I wish I had some positive recovery message but I do relate to the behavior.  also weed .  best wishes
I couldn't keep other substances in my house. If I were you I would get rid of it so there's no temptation
It all comes down to us finding alternative methods of dealing with what dragged us into an unhealthy relationship with alcohol.  It's why WE can't drink like some others do...So you took away alcohol and your addicted brain is none too happy about it.  Your brain is an incredibly efficient supercomputer it has found a way to drive your decisions so it can get its flood of endorphins to which it has grown accustomed...It comes down to being more self aware and questioning motivations...  are you resorting to the use of other substances because you want to spend the rest of your life abusing those instead of alcohol?  Of course not.  Could that happen if you allow your sick brain to continue to over-ride your desire to get clean?  Sadly yes.....When you get those urges imagine your brain as you would an addict.  Try and support him continue to be there for him but don't enable him and don't trust him until you see that he is looking out for his best interests...Keep working on finding better coping mechanisms and seek help if you need to.  I did.  IWNDWYT!
The top answer is great and I just want to remind you that you are wonderful! I know it sounds silly but this strategy helps me do the right thing sometimes: Imagine your inner self as a cute kitty or something else adorable that you just want to take care of amd make sure is happy. When you're considering doing something that you know isn't good for you think about your inner kitty and how you need to protect it. I don't know how much this helps other peole but like I said it helps me. And even if I mess up it helps me get right back on track with positive self talk/self soothing
