-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bifwa1/terrible_day/

I'm struggling today. If anyone has any words of wisdom or positivity I'd appreciate it. I can not shut off the voice of negativity in my head today. I've been feeling terrible about myself and everything and everyone I haven't been able to snap out of it. There's 20% of my brain that's saying fuck it. Fuck it and then I don't even know what. Drink? I already feel so low. Not drinking is about all I'm hanging onto right now. I know I should be calling my sponsor with this but I can't seem to not sure why. Thanks SD friends for giving me someplace to reach out.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. Whats Up? You OK?
Hang in there. Maybe go outside and get some fresh air and sunlight and drink some cold ice water.   Reflecting on positive things you see outside going on right before your eyes.
I know days like this are difficult and all I wanted to do was start drinking. But that never solved anything. I took a step back and observed what I was feeling. Lost. Confused. Really lonely and feeling like I have nothing. Not sure what I needed to do to make myself feel better. It's a really hard place to be...I recognized my feelings and let them be. Fighting them makes them worse. Then I found distractions to keep me occupied until they passed. I didn't deny them... I just didn't let their chatter take over. Watch tv. Read. Yes call your sponsor--why not? He/she has surely been there too. ..Just don't drink. And IWNDWYT.
Have you talked to your higher power? And I would recommend calling your sponsor...I've been where you are. I've had those days...those moments. Slow it down. Take it minute by minute if you need to. You are sober in this minute you can be sober in the next minute. The feelings anger cravings guilt all of it passes. Hold on to right now.
My words of support are  eventually this feeling will pass .  Remember that you will not always feel like you are feeling now.   My first two months of sobriety were horrible.  I was in a deep depression probably because  I lost my best friend (alcohol) but it passed with a support system and some therapy.  It's totally worth making it through these low points because I am slowly realizing that the longer I stay sober the more balanced and happier my life becomes.   Hang in there!   It gets better.
Hey SVD sadly I have no words of wisdom to offer.  However and even so I wanted you to know that I am here as you have been for me...This too shall pass my friend  
Life has many ups and downs and to fully succeed and conquer life we have to suffer. It's only temporary and it will pass. You are important and you do have a purpose whether you understand it or not. Dig deep and figure out what that purpose is. 99% of the time it's about loving people and giving yourself entirely to a greater cause. It's not about us. You got this.
It's okay to still feel shitty even when you're trying really hard to get better and do better. I'm glad you recognise that you'd feel worse if you did drink. I'm proud of you for not. I hope there is something you can find to do that can help you to feel better. Getting stuck in creative projects like writing or talking to people I care about often helps me to not overthink or trigger those low feelings that lead me to want to drink again. All my kind thoughts to you right now    
I hope you went and enjoyed making those tacos and usd some fun. Maybe even try a board game if you've got family there. I find a fun night of good old manual games is always distracting and uplifting. We are all here for you.  
