-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bii7ee/ultimate_wake_up_call/

A Friday night out with friends resulted in me totaling my vehicle and by the grace of God only walking away with some bruises sore ribs and a swollen eye. I feel beyond grateful to be alive but I am struggling to get over the fact that I could've possibly hurt someone else. ..I'm not sure what the next step forward is legally and as agonizing as that is I am prepared to take it one day at a time and answer for my actions. I've never been this vulnerable before especially on the internet but I am prepared to accept this second chance at life and am hoping for some accountability bigger than myself. Thank you to whomever takes the time to read this. I just want to be a better version of myself and this is day one.
----------immediate responses--------

So brave of you to share this story.  I'm glad you're ok. This place is so inspiring and my single source of support while navigating this new sober way of life. I hope you learn as much here as I'm learning. &lt;3
I am glad you are ok and that you are here. Aside from legal issues have you thought of how you will manage the coming days not drinking?  Having a simple plan can help!..Welcome!..K
You'll never be judged here. I would wager we've all done things we're not proud of. So glad you're ok and that no one else was hurt. You can do this.
I was in a similar but different position 2 weeks ago. I can tell you that I wouldn't be able to navigate the mess I've created for myself if I was still drinking. It's not going to be all flowers and butterflies moving forward but you'll be able to make rational and positive choices. Good luck and stay strong.
Just keep coming back and telling us how your story unfolds. We're listening now! :)
I'm glad you are okay and didn't hurt anyone. I'm sure your anxiety is off the hook right now. Take care of yourself.
Shit man im back on the wagon currently and i just got diagnosed with syphilis today from getting drunk and raw dogging meth head hookers. You CANT be judged by another alcoholic. How could we?
I was in the same position about a year ago. Now have a DUI and still on probation for that. Use this as fuel to stop drinking and keep it going. You won't be able to drink while going though the legal stuff anyway.
I am sorry to hear it took this for your wake up call. But if you dig in and move foward life can and will get better. ..I found two things that helped I did not take that first drink no matter what 1 day at a time. I had to work on myself each day to strive to improve...Thank you for sharing so openly and honestly. ..Your Friend John         
I was pulled over Friday...Like you I have no idea what I'm going to do about my legal matters now at hand. I don't know what the future holds. But I do know I will be sober...We're all here with you.
i did similar a few years ago..what surprised me quite a bit was how much people didn't seem to judge me..i was genuinely surprised at how accepted (although still not acceptable - somehow) this was. Lots of people all seemed to have a 'yeah i've done that' 'we've all done that' kinda attitude in terms of DUI..&amp;#x200B;..in terms of nearly killing yourself or others and still be alive with no fatalaties is just great..i have been in that exact situation and am also truly grateful--- time to start asking yourself a few questions!..&amp;#x200B;..This could be the best experience for ya! Personally after my car crash i stopped drinking for 4 years gave up my office job and lived in the tropics for 10 years...&amp;#x200B;..Best wishes for you- interesting times eh!
Welcome aboard. Not everyone here will have had your exact same experience or arrived at the conclusion you are at in the same way but we all get it. We've given ourselves the option / taken on the challenge of a second chance. You can too! This terrible situation is a golden opportunity. Don't waste what it is handing you--a chance to try a different (and in my opinion a WAY better) road.  Just get through today. You can tackle tomorrow when it comes. Wishing you strength and clear vision.
Just remember that whatever the consequences of past actions drinking will only make it worse. Day One is the day things start to get better.
[removed]
Thank you for your honesty. Even on this sub a lot of times we skirt around admitting to drunk driving but many of us have done it. I'm sure it's bc looking back on it it feels completely indefensible and it is. It's probably the most dangerous thing any of us have ever done. It's hard to admit something like that. Keep doing the hard work man. We're here for you. ..IWNDWYT
