-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bimv2w/trigger_detective/

So far I have been lucky to have no cravings at all even the thought of drinking has produced strong feelings of distaste. Yesterday though I planned a relapse...I have been trying to pick apart why this is and have been drawing blanks so maybe given a little background you guys could help?..Friday evening we had an acquaintance visit they asked 'what are you drinking' shortly before arrival on text and I was stumped at a response; normally I would have said 'nothing for me thanks' but as we aren't close I felt strange about turning down an offer of guest hospitality. My husband responded that we weren't drinking and she brought just gifts for our daughter. The evening was pleasant enough but it had triggered thoughts of drinking and that night a dream of sneaking a can of banana gin.. I don't even know if thats a thing sounds disgusting right? ..Saturday morning I fell down the stairs at home (something I've never managed blind drunk!) and a little bruised and shaken I had some painkillers and rested most of the day. Little thoughts of drinking passed by my mind but nothing strong...Sunday was spent having Sunday lunch with my in laws they had brought beer and wine with them though no one actually drank anything at lunch (they can take or leave their alcohol) the house itself also has a HUGE liquor collection in the dining room and when I passed all the bottles I started to think about necking a little neat vodka. On the way home I was going back and forth in my head about buying alcohol from the shop; wine? no I didn't want to sip and wait for it to take effect.. Gin or vodka then I would buy a small bottle and have it straight hide it from my husband and hope he wouldn't notice...sneak to the kitchen for shots and attempt to put my kid to bed in a half decent state before I got blackout. I played out the next day the plans ruined and the disgusting taste but still made excuses to my husband why I needed to pick up some 'essentials' from the shops on the way home...Thankfully I bargained with myself in the shop to not drink just for tonight and revisit this feeling again tomorrow and bought a lemon cheesecake instead completely avoiding the booze aisle. ..Today I am a bit ashamed and puzzled. I can't believe I got close to wrecking my hard work and for what? To get blackout on neat vodka? It sounds so grim and not something I would have even done in my hard drinking days! I want to try and avoid these feelings overtaking me again apart from being slightly immersed in drinking references this weekend I wasn't hungry angry lonely tired in need of a treat etc so I am really at a loss as to what to do!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing that happened is unusual . Alcohol is a sneaky combatant. I like to compare alcohol to a stalker who is an old GF\BF who won't let go . After a while they lose interest and stalk someone else but occasionally come around. Perhaps you should discuss this with your husband so he is extra vigilant too. We are all one drink away from disaster.
You did the right thing by saying i'll revisit this in the morning. It's become a lot more manageable but yeah triggers can last a bit. Hell it could be a lot worse if you think about it! You'll keep finding strength through these little victories and soon you'll be strong enough to deal with it easily. Good Job
Christ on a bike banana gin sounds horrific!  It sounds like your subconscious was looking out for you on that one!   ..I'm (kind of) kidding and I'm not sure I can add much to what's already been said but I think the fact that you're posting about it that you're trying to understand the process and that you took active steps to address things says volumes about how far you've come and your commitment to stopping...Thanks for sharing your experience it helps others too.
