-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bitr8q/the_sirens_live_in_my_brain/

Day 115ish....I've been on a hot streak with marriage family and life in general.  Things have been going well.  The one thing that has kept temptation away with relative ease has been my wife's absolute boundaries she's (rightfully) set.  Drinking around her and the kids won't be tolerated.  Ok... that's no problem...I leave in a few days for a business trip (first one since my rock bottom).  I will be away from her and kids.  I will be in a city where no one knows or cares about me and my history.  I can drink again and only I will know about it...Most of me wants to abstain completely...but a small but EXTREMELY LOUD part of me wants to drink "on principle" because "I'm an adult damnit and I can make my own choices"....and I miss drinking.  ..With the countdown to my trip click nearing zero I've had drinking dreams for three consecutive nights.  I've heard my subconscious tell me "God want to get fucked up" today...Gawdamn this is hard.  I was warned that just when you think you have "it" under control you don't...Just struggling with the urge to have a beer or two to prove that I'm "no one's bitch"...Yeah it doesn't make sense to me either....but the feeling won't go away...Help?
----------immediate responses--------

Now its time to build up your personal will power. Sure your wife and kids served as a good crutch and primary ultimatum for you to quit drinking in the first place but now is when you'll realize if you actually are the one making the decision not to drink... in the long run.....I'd rather be my wife's bitch than alcohol's bitch any day and I'm not ashamed to admit it. ..IWNDWYT
Hi OP..I would ask myself what was more important to me?  Being and 'adult' and getting fucked up drunk?  Or being an adult no quotes and staying sober so you will be a better husband and father?..That makes the decision to stay sober a lot easier for me...I wish you luck.  IWNDWYT.
I travel in a few days on a vacation and I am pretty worried myself.  I have made sure I am going to stay busy and I looked into meetings to meet people where I will be for some support. I know that I am an adult and I can do what I want feeling.  I just have to tell myself if someone was saying that to me (not my brain) would I think that person was acting like an adult.  Staying sober allows me to be an adult for the people I love.  I know myself that I will never "control" it but I know I won't let it "control" me.
I know you don't want to go back to day 1....Many of us are alcohols bitch.  But only if we drink it.  Remember it is a toxic poison which is marketed as something that we think is good.  Keep up your great run!
I have that voice -- but is it really ME? Or just a part of the brain that really wants booze and got used to getting that kind of relief.
