-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bivjku/light_drinkersevere_depression_and_anxiety/

I just wanted to know if anyone experiences this I have seen similar stories but also different.  ...To begin I drank moderately in college for about 2 years only really got drunk about 10 times. Fast forward about 5 years I got drunk with my girlfriend not blackout just drunk. Well during my drunken state I faced intense anxiety and that swept over me while I was drunk and I proceeded to fall into a 2-week long depression filled with intense anxiety (this was also random nothing happened to trigger it besides being drunk and my brain chemicals getting crazy). I recovered and got over the episode and then about a month later I fell into another depression for no reason again for about 2 weeks. Then I was fine no issues.  ...Fast forward two years of no drinking to now. About 4 months ago I moved in with a friend and on weekends we would get tipsy nothing serious and only one night a weekend. That happened 3 weeks in a row then on the 4th weekend I drank too much and got drunk once again not blackout and i got the intense anxiety and depression for two weeks. I recovered and about 2 or 3 weeks later I fell into another depression out of nowhere following the same path of what I described above. This time its just weird and accompanied by a lot of anticipatory anxiety (Ill describe it below) and also anhedonia. And that's where I am currently at I have been taking some herbs (ashwagandha and Rhodiola) along with supplements (NAC and ALA). I exercise daily as I used to play college basketball and I began meditating. But I still struggle with the anticipatory anxiety which I believes leads to anhedonia. Can anyone relate to this?   ...Once again I was never a heavy drinker and honestly I wasnt getting blackout or anything so maybe this doesnt belong on /r/stopdrinking as my story is way less severe than others but maybe I am just seeking advice or experiences similar to mine misery loves company after all. Truly I realize this is related to my drinking since in the past 4 years i've only experienced this in relation to drinking I guess I am worried my minor drunken episodes caused or spurred permanent changes in my brain and now I am stuck with the anxiety and anhedonia.   ...I am curious if my initial depression and then follow-up depression is indicative or a form of Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms even though I was never really addicted in the typical sense.  ...If anyone has any advice or supplements I'd be welcome to all advice.  ...Explanation:  .Anticipatory Anxiety: Anxiety that instantly triggers at the thought of doing anything that involves in the unknown or intuition. Example doing anything that requires time so like waiting for 10 minutes for something to cook if I dont have a clock I cant really judge when its been close to 10 minutes and i get anxiety just thinking about it so I just have to stare at the clock. Playing sports basketball or even my favorite video games because they are require instincts and intuition and that causes anxiety when I think about doing any of them and I just lose interest in doing them because of the anxiety because I feel like i'm just numbed out both in my senses and in my head and I no longer trust my instincts cause something just feels off and usually I have great instincts and intuition. I can almost always guess what time it is and be close even if I havent seen a clock in hours or I can feel like I know what im doing when I play my games or basketball and I just feel lost and unsure everything. I am sure a lot of this relates to brain fog and anxiety in general but this is my specific analysis of my anxiety.  ...Thanks for reading and wish everyone the best. All advice and even criticism is welcome. I have clearly learned my lesson to stop drinking but now my focus is on regaining my mental clarity and back to enjoying my normal life.
----------immediate responses--------

First thank you for posting. Even if you're not a heavy drinker you are welcome here. It sounds like you might just be unable to drink. I would get depression after drinking too. Try taking a vitamin B complex and d. Good luck!
Might be good to discuss this with a doctor...They have a lot of experience and may be able to offer some insight and suggestions...&amp;#x200B;..Although the advice will probably be along the lines of asking the patient ..Doctor: "Does it hurt when you do this?"..Patient: "Yes"..Doctor: "Then don't do it."..&amp;#x200B;..This may simply apply to drinking for you.
I have experienced this and I feel that it's alcohol exacerbating depressive and anxious tendencies that were already present in me both in my genes and in my nature.  I started falling apart emotionally when drinking a few years ago and I tried to find every excuse in the book for it. I'd come home after a  fun  night drinking with my best friend and just weep into my greasy takeout food. It got worse when I began dating my now-husband (because I drank more often). I attributed it to all sorts of things before I just decided to call a spade a spade and acknowledged that alcohol which is a strong depressant did in fact  work  on me in that it made me profoundly depressed under its influence. I am usually strong enough to keep it together when I'm sober but two or three drinks in and emotionally I'm a goner...I hope that makes sense to you and that you can perhaps relate. After many years of searching and questioning I really do think that the simplest answer is often the most accurate one   Good luck to you!
