-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/biyoo4/im_over_a_month_sober_bf_is_a_cheater_im/

I found more proof yet again....More lies.....another hoe.....We live together and have two kids. I've tried to make things work.. But tonight I want to drink more than I think I've EVER wanted to drink in my entire life. I'm an emotional mess.. I really need some advice. ..But please don't say (just leave him). Things are extremely complicated and it's not that simple for our situation.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your time sober I hope you hold on to that and feel proud of yourself. Situations with kids involved are tough I get it I'm sorry. I'm finding that being sober through the tough things ensure I actually get through them. I just wanted you to know I read your post and I am wishing you the strength that you need to get through this. Here sober with ya!
Please don't take a drink. You're already at 36 days. That might not seem like a lot to some but to me it is 35 more days than I have succeeded at this far. Your progress is worth more than the overwhelming circumstances of this situation. I'm sorry that you and your kids are being disrespected by your bf. ..I know leaving isn't as always that cut and dry but is there a way perhaps that you could start to detach from him emotionally and stop viewing him as a source of love for you and rather just focus on coparenting and viewing him as a source solely for your kids. - and this is only in the event that you can't or don't want to leave.  In no way shape or form am I advocating for staying in an unhealthy  just for the kids  relationship. It just sounded like leaving wasn't really an option at the moment. Take care and I hope that the situation improves for the good of you and your kids.
36 days is Amazing.  This situation will not be made better by numbing yourself. I understand all too well that leaving isn't always the best available option for everyone in the immediate future. I say you turn your focus to your sobriety yourself and your children. Just try to co exist as the other person mentioned. It can be done. If you can slowly rearrange your emotions for self preservation that is something you can control now.  Good luck. Nothing worthwhile is ever easy. IWNDWYT.
Think of how shitty you will feel in the morning if you drink.  I have been sober 4 months and have been WAY better at navigating my relationship woes since I stopped drinking.  You will find strength in sobriety.  You've got this and sorry your dealing with that crap now...
hi friend! I have real respect for how you're tackling this situation. Having to deal with something without the freedom to protect oneself is tough. Emotions run raw and I know my first source of solace would be at the bottom of a bottle. But you're hanging in there - hanging tough and hanging sober. I hope you find the strength / grace / (or pixie dust if that's what you believe in..) to get through this time. You're tough. I'll urge you to also be kind to yourself during this time. Hope this is the darkest it ever gets because that usually means that light is going to shine soon. IWNDWYT.
if you drink because of this it won't help you most likely. maybe you'll feel relaxed for an hour then it'll break your healthy thinking patterns...breaking up is one way to deal with this issue. marriage counseling can be another idea. or maybe you guys can get together around a table and ask each other why things have got so bad. maybe he'll understand your position and promise honesty. maybe you'll understand his position and devise ways to get out of this mess without breaking up...drinking will not help you if you can't moderate. i know i can't. that's why i am day 1 all the time.
Being sober is your lifeline and the one and only way you can make good decisions for yourself and your children. ..And of course things are never that simple especially when children are involved. It might be helpful to speak to yourself as if you're speaking to your best friend. What would you tell that person?
Stay sober for your kids and to help yourself get into a situation where you can leave for greener pastures. If you continue drinking he'll be able to more easily take advantage of you. Who knows maybe after you've stopped and your life changes things will start to work out better between the two of you (ie: you may see a more respectful attitude from him)...Bottom line you probably shouldn't stay with someone who doesn't respect you - but in order to leave you need to have all your ducks in a row (ie: your wits about you).
