-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjcyfo/day_1/

I'm a female in my mid-20s. You know the story...ambitious perfectionistic shameful hiding sensitive selfish etc. Name any negative quality and I probably have it! I'm too ashamed guilt-ridden and exhausted to share all the details that brought me here. ..I started getting some much needed very delayed mental health treatment for a bunch of different issues last month. I have a lot of ugly things to address and it sucks (s/o to all of you doing the same thing!). Substance abuse is a major issue :(..Substance abuse permeated my life growing up; for example my siblings developed severe drug issues when I was around 10. The situation was poorly handled to say the least. One of my siblings is completely sober now and I am SO proud of them!!My other sibling seems to be struggling still but it's always hard to tell with them. My family is basically nonexistent at this point. ..The writing is on the wall: I probably need to get sober. I've been in denial for years. I am headed on a straight path to destruction if I continue like this. And yet I don't want to be sober. I don't want to face myself. I don't want be bored and filled with ugly negative emotions. I don't want to do  self care  BS. I want none of it! I hate it all. ..I didn't drink or smoke pit tonight so there's that. But how do I move forward? How do I know what's best for me? I am so lost. I am falling apart
----------immediate responses--------

You nailed it... you didn't smoke pot or drink TONIGHT.  That's how you move forward.  The cliche is legit: One Day At A Time.
One day at a time. Your story is rough I have a lot of respect for what you have gone through at such a young age and what you are overcoming to come to SD and seek help. Accepting I had a problem and accepting help for it took me the longest time. You are already at that stage at your age. .Can I urge you to attend an AA meeting near you? They can help you get started. If nothing else it gives you 2 - 3 sober supervised hours every day. You can do this. I believe in you. I will not drink with you today.
"How do I move forward?"..Just like this. You will find lots of sincere support and excellent direction here. You know you've got a pretty serious problem. And you dound like you know where your life is headed if you don't do something about it. You're already on the road to being clean. Those are literally the first steps. Reaching out like this is a step too. A huge one...Have you considered talking to your sibling who got clean? They might have some close to home advice. Dont be afraid to give AA or NA a call. They can tell you about available resources and help in your area. ..My point is that this stuff is almost always to much for us to deal with all alone. We are here for you. ..IWNDWYT ..I will not drink with you today  
Sending you a virtual hug! You are remarkably aware of your issues and that is amazing. For me the core reason I drank was pain - getting to the underlying causes of that pain was tough and I was so afraid to face it. My shame and guilt was so isolating that I felt the only solution was to drink.  Which of course exacerbated the pain....   A great therapist and this sub has been my way forward and I wish you the best on your journey- you can do this!
