-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjg9ow/journalingwriting_anyone_taken_it_up_a_sober_hobby/

I've been joking for years about writing a book about my life but that's all it was a joke.  ..The thought of someone wanting to read a story about my journey seemed so highly unlikely (and still does) terrifyingly vulnerable and I've never thought of myself as a writer in fact I've been told that I'm NOT a writer...Over the past year I've been pretty open about my sobriety successes but also very open about my failures.  I've relapsed twice and both times were for 9+ months.  I think those stories are just as or even more important than the success stories because it shows that we're all human...I recall the first time I found this community and saw the badges of 100+ days and into the thousands and while everyone is incredibly encouraging those numbers seemed impossible to me.  Now I've had more than a year (into my fourth year of trying) and I want to share with as many people that relapsing is not failure...It's interesting because I really don't like talking about myself (as I post a thread on the internet about myself I can appreciate the irony) but when someone gets me going on my sobriety story I realize that I can talk for hours.  So I finally started writing in the past three weeks and have found it to be incredibly therapeutic and "fun"...Has anyone else found that they love writing as a hobby in their sobriety?  Anyone tackled a book project?..I have no plans or dreams of trying to get published or anything but it's something I want to share with friends and have them share with others who are trying to get sober so they know that it's normal to stumble from time to time...I will say I'm proud of the title "Little to Know Experience"...I've been having a lot of fun writing it and even if nothing real comes of it it will be nice to have documented as a reminder of all the ups and downs I've been through.
----------immediate responses--------

That's a great title.  Clearly you are talented in use of words and creative thought.  Thank you for talking about failures.  I needed to hear that today.
Good on you..I think writing and reading are separate hobbies- and that there is value in writing your story even if it is never read by another human. Iwndwyt
You are a great writer! I am doing a short form type of journaling. It has helped me share with others on here that are intersted in a timeline type of thing. But normally I'm usually a women of few words so mine is just more short facts - if I'm making any sense at all lol! I enjoy it though. I also enjoy counting the days which I know some don't. I love how we are all so different.
I have been journaling a bit here and there.  It is by no means a consistent thing but I have entries back years and Its interesting to see the changes.  I dont have much for friends anymore and I don't get out much so it's nice to have someone to talk to even if it's just myself.  Maybe If I ever have a kid I'll pass it on the them when I'm dead and gone and they can see the inside of my brain and some of the little moments that would be important through the day.  I also have to be careful with it though because if someone were to read it they could probably make a decent case in court that I'm a netball! Glad you are finding new ways to fill your time IWNDWYT
