-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjpwrn/made_it_to_30_days_and_im_going_to_keep_going/

After a number of relapses and each getting progressively worse and worse I told myself I needed to quit FOR GOOD. I am taking it one day at a time and the first 7-10 days felt like they took forever but 30 days flew by before I knew it. I can't say I haven't been tempted to drink (came very very close to pouring myself a glass of wine while cooking a few nights ago) but I knew one drink would turn into 4 drinks and all of a sudden I'd end right right back where I started. ..Here's the positives 30 days later:.- better sleep than I've had in years (took 7-10 days after stopping for the anxiety/insomnia/night terrors to go away).- appetite and digestion back to normal. I'm actually tasting and enjoying food and eating healthy because my taste buds aren't all out of whack from alcohol. .- weight loss and alcohol bloat is gone. Holy crap I can't believe what a dumbass I was for all those years of drinking even if I was trying to  diet  or workout to be healthy. .- my skin hair and nails are starting to look healthy and radiant. I was getting an ugly dry red rash that would come on after a heavy binge which my dr said was due to my liver being messed up from working so hard to process all the alcohol. .- Liver enzymes are normal and no signs of inflammation. All my labs are normal and my doctor is happy with my health and making the very positive step to stop drinking. .- Memory is better and I'm being a nicer person because I'm not going through life in a drunken haze and flying off the handle when I get mad about something. I think my husband misses the  fun  me that I can be when I drink but we both know it's not worth it. .- my energy levels are better. Physically I'm working out a lot more and trying to regain muscle tone and strength that I had lost from all the drinking. Mentally I'm more energized. I'm also not passing out on the couch because I've been drinking so much...I'm going to bed like a normal person and drinking chamomile tea. And maybe indulging in a lot more sugar than I should but it beats drinking. ..I have a long way to go and hope to see improvements in these areas but I'm not sure when/if they will occur..- Anxiety/depression- I went from that super high zen feeling when drunk to the lowest of lows with anxiety during withdrawals. Followed by a week of incredible energy and lots of highs as I started living life as a sober person. Well that wore off and I've been pretty down in the dumps lately. Feeling a lot of regret for all the drinking I did and all the opportunities I wasted due to it. And feeling hopeless like I'm a terrible person and I don't know what I'm going to do with my life. .- Neuropathy- I should have stopped drinking at the first signs of it but alas I did not. So now I started taking B vitamins and am hoping some of the tingling and numbness in my toes will heal. At least it shouldn't progress more now that I've stopped. .- Repairing relationships and regaining trust. I was a shitty person for so long its a wonder that I still have friends and family that support me and talk to me. ..I'm truly inspired by everyone here and checking back in here every day or couple days has really kept me going so far. Thanks for helping people like me get the strength they need to stop drinking. ..Cheers to not drinking tonight! :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days :) be proud! .The highs of the first few weeks sober are tapering off for me too. I'm coming back to reality and facing the destruction I caused. It suuuuuuucks. But I am with you in this thing! And I am sober. And I will not drink with you tonight or tomorrow.
Fantastic! Lived reading this post. You keep going and do good. I will not drink with you today!
Keep fast forwarding the situation. All a few drinks cause is regret and pain. I'm so happy for you great work on 1 month of freedom. Alcohol is just poison me too.
