-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjsv8e/what_is_the_worst_thing_you_ever_did_whilst_drunk/

Struggling a bit today with guilt. I'm 7 months sober and really having to face the reality of my own actions head on. The hard part for me now isn't not drinking it's compartmentalizing everything that drove me to drink in the first place and then my actions whilst drunk and trying to forgive or at least accept them...It would help me to hear other stupid shit people have done and how they've moved past it. I see people here say they stopped drinking because they drank until they were sick or something and I think man I'm jealous I wish that's all it took me to stop. My bad memories are like a really bad roadblock for me at the moment preventing me from being happy.
----------immediate responses--------

What we went through to get to where we are at is not really important. How we proceed from here is. I learned to deal with the wreckage of my past through the 12 steps of AA. I burnt my notes from my fourth and fifth steps and working the rest of my steps changed my life. IWNDWYT
My things can not be mentioned.  I also feel the trauma of the memories.  I am hoping that time and the fact that I'm sober now will eventually lead to me forgiving myself.  ..I will not do that shit today.  IWNDTST.  (Can I make up a new acronym?)
The truth is when we focus on the good we can will and may accomplish *next* we get into the headspace of doing just that.  Right this minute I am a better smarter person on account of knowing better what I prefer based on everything I've ever done to date.  That helps me carry forward I have noticed that dwelling recreates inertia and feeling stuck whereas viewing my past as recyclable compost with which to sort out what kinds of actions and thoughts I prefer now is much more constructive- plus it puts me in the mood to actually feel like doing it.
Drunk texts calls social media posts sports/religion/political arguments womanizing drunk driving reckless spending calling off work fights distancing self from friends and family to hang with people that can drink like me and just being a piece of #%?! altogether when boozing are a few I can name lol
I told my then-husband that I wished he was dead. He was absolutely supportive of me and the nicest kindest person I've ever met. I wanted him dead so he would stop trying to get me to stop drinking / using. I'm still not OK with it 3 yrs later. But I think somehow I need to remember that because I never ever want to be that person again.
I've tried to kill myself multiple times gotten in to fist fights with strangers and friends drunk drove and then pulled hit and runs had unprotected sex with strangers for more booze stolen money and stuff from people I cared about vandalized things destroyed other people's property stole from places like walmart but I don't consider any of that the "worst" stuff I've done because of drinking. The actual worst stuff was just the way I treated and thought of myself. I thought I was worthless and treated myself that way. I think that was the worst thing I ever did. Unlike all the other stuff I've done I am still trying to move on from that way of thinking and I'm still learning how to love and care for myself.
