-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bk7aaz/the_devil_on_my_shoulder_always_comes_back_from/

I'm 25 I've been in recovery on and off for 2 years. I'm an alcoholic and an addict by nature. ..I started drinking for a multitude of reasons but more recently it's been because of my social anxiety. The more I isolate myself the more depressed I get and the more I drink. There was a time when I couldn't even be in public or social events without being drunk. My social anxiety was so bad that I drank before and when I got on the bus to do errands. ..I can say however that through months of exposure therapy/meeting new people/putting myself in uncomfortable situations; I am a lot more confident. However I still find it very hard to walk and be in public. I'm about 34 days sober and it's usually around this time when the devil/ego/thoughts in my head start telling me that  You'll never be happy your anxiety will never get better. so you may as well drink anyway.  ..I've fallen for this trap so many times in the past. I would usually then give into my negative thoughts/ego/devil (whatever you want to call it). A relapse would follow and I would eventually spiral out of control and end up back in rehab. ..This time around I thought made it very clear to myself and my support network that  I'll be ready for these lies that I'll tell myself in a month or so. I'm gonna beat this rough patch this time  ..And here I am sitting in my room grieving alcohol and starting to believe these lies I tell myself. I miss alcohol so much even though it's been so destructive in my life. It made life at least somewhat interesting. I'm trying to find meaning in my life so I can beat this addiction. But I'm too nihilistic towards life. I love when Louis ck says:  I don't think life is that important. It's just not. It is not. People get too excited  about life.  Oh life.  Fuck you. Make a list of every shitty thing ever that's in life. ..Sorry for the depressing vibe I just needed to vent haha. I've been lurking on this page for a while it's a really great community. I feel comfortable being open on here because we all have something really bad in common.......addiction :/
----------immediate responses--------

You've got this! You have a good head on your shoulders. I love to think of my brain as a toddler throwing a temper tantrum. It will try anything to get you to do what it wants. Then I think of my 3 boys when they were young and I smile. I had to fight many many of those temper trantrums with them. You can't give in. Take a step back and count to ten like I learned as a new young mom lol! Good luck!
Love your post. Keep up whatever you're doing to address and treat underlying triggers/impulses. Outside of that just focus on each day waking up and going to bed sober. Whether it's day 1 or day 100 today is the only day that matters. Keep crushing it man.
That's a funny bit but only deep dedication to the importance of this singular opportunity--life--could produce his stratospheric success. You'd have to take yourself *quite* seriously to put yourself out there like he has to make a series about your own life to do the huge venues and keep touring and writing and making specials that all analyze and obsess and try to glean meaning and sense from this apparently unimportant thing called--life. Oh he cares but it's not funny to say so...It can sometimes feel embarrassing to embrace life unironically to express feelings to care and care deeply to realize that this bread and bone is sacred and to honor it. So many people try not to care because it's almost overwhelming when you do. Not caring is safe...But caring is our superpower. It turns grey to gold. It makes us *possible* and vital. It makes life into creative potential and fuels growth discovery transformation connection healing. Caring makes us worth it. You are worth it worth this fight worth healing worth an interesting life and worth being happy and at peace. You are worth it. To care is to risk true. But what have we got to lose?..*Risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinions of others for those voices. Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth*. --Katherine Mansfield
