-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bk972j/sometimes_its_those_little_moments_that_remind/

I quit drinking 3 months ago. I've been going through the motions of saying  no  to offered beverages explaining why and explaining why moderation isn't an option. Most of my friends still drink and a lot of them party. I've been to a couple of outings and parties and at times it has been a struggle but for the most part I actually have a good time and the knowledge that I'm going to wake up the next day with clarity and a normal feeling stomach trumps the idea of getting blackout. I've had mixed reactions... mostly  your quitting drinking FOREVER??   Well what about like the occasional glass of wine?  I will explain why and they seem to get it but they don't really believe it I don't think. And still they always offer that one drink when I see them again. It's like they can't accept me as the sober me or something. So this last couple of weeks that old voice in my head has been creeping up...  maybe you should just have one... it will relax you a bit. It will take away this social anxiety you are experiencing. The old fun you needs a turn  I've been good at ignoring it but it's definitely been louder lately.  So anyways- last night after I went for dinner with my boyfriend we stopped at my good friend's house for a visit. I have only seen this one particular friend one time since I quit drinking. I had told him then that I had quit and the reasons why and we talked about it and he understood. That was about 2 weeks after I quit. So we get to his house last night and he goes to his kitchen and comes back with a beer for my boyfriend and a can of Bubly Soda for me! I didn't even ask him to. I thanked him and he didn't even question it and I didn't question it and the silent mutual respect was enough.  Other than my boyfriend and my parents this friend has been the first one to truly get it. It was a huge display of understanding but it was enough. Enough to remind me why I'm doing this and that ultimately it doesn't get to determine who I am as a person. And the people who love me are going to support me... because they understand. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

What a simple but loving and supportive gesture. Sounds like a FOREVER friend!
I used to always have a bunch of soda water for my friends who would come over and not want to drink alcohol. I always wished I could be like them and choose the soda water over the beer wine shot of tequila I snuck in the kitchen.
It's the little things isn't it? I'm not as open about my newfound sobriety as you are but I have a close friend who I confided in. A while later we were both going to the same party at a mutual friend's and my close friend showed up with a case of a brand of seltzer she knew I hadn't had the opportunity to try. Such a kind gesture.
Wow what an awesome gesture. So small but so nice. It took me 10 years to realize how to stop and for the meaning of alcoholism and recovery to click in my brain and I was living the nightmare the whole time. It is unlikely that other people are ever going to "get it" but when they do it feels so good :)
This made me tear up. What a good friend and congratulations to you!
That's such a great positive friend who truly gets it! So happy it reenergised you. I have the same issues with nearly all my friends and some family I'm trying to remember it's hard for them to accept the changes in me too and that it probably says more about their relationship with alcohol not mine IWNDWYT
