-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bk9wmx/im_an_idiot/

Well my badge is wrong. I came off of my antidepressant and of course got sad and drank last night. Then woke up feeling like crap. Its time to start the process all over again. I don't know why it's so hard to just not drink when I know I can't drink like a normal person. Ugh. Well anyways if any of you are struggling with the urge to drink right now please don't
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Friend..In these times it can be crazy hard to show yourself one of the most basic acts of humanity: grace...Now I'm not trying to preach to you cause God knows I'm harder on myself than anyone else ever could be and do a lot of stupid stuff...But I've learned that if you don't learn how to truly forgive yourself...man it gets really tough to grow. And that's just for the simple fact that you're always going to make mistakes...I'm not sure who you are or what your journey's been I just want you to know that being on this path is one of the hardest things a person can do. But you continue to actively choose it...So I know this may not mean too much from a stranger but I'm pretty fuckin' proud of you. The choice is noble and starting over is just one of the many unpleasant truths of life...You're good to go. Just always remember that you're doing better than you were and you've got someone to talk to if you need it...Power on internet stranger.
First of all you are NOT an idiot.  You are a human being and you make mistakes just like everyone else on the planet.  Second please don't beat yourself up - you goofed but you're back with us and that says a helluva lot right there! Third it sounds like you learned a valuable lesson from this and now you know how to prevent it from happening again right?..Knowledge is power.  So keep your chin up and don't give up!..IWNDWYT my friend!
Don't beat yourself up! Try again! Look success comes after many failures... you can't expect yourself to be perfect. You got it this time.
Welcome back
I've fallen off the wagon a lot. I've put in badge reset after reset and now I even have a new username...however...this time it's 'clicked' and I feel much better. This time 'I get it!' I don't really have an urge to drink because if I do i know how it will turn out..so I think what's the point? Don't beat yourself up too much. I see it as a learning curve. You tried it it sucked. The next time a craving comes you can go 'well it sucked last time it'll suck again so what's the point'. If you get a craving grab a non alcoholic beer. I should say for the first 105 days I avoided drinking friends and bars. It's the old 'dry friends and dry places' rule. I also threw myself into writing and studying Japanese to take my mind of the 'boredom'. Chin up! You'll get there!
Drinking around that many number of days is super normal. Brush yourself off and start day one again. It will get easier...you will see progress!
Hey it's ok you can pick up where you left iff. Don't think of it a starting again that would make it seem like the last month of sobriety was insignificant and it definitely wasn't! You did ace getting to 30+ days you had a blip but just one... keep going. .You can continue forward with being sober still. One day's mistake does not take away the amazing thing you've already achieved.
I know it can be hard but it can also be easy once over the physical withdrawals...I just think of it as a "peanut allergy" and if I "eat the peanut"  I will die cause I don't have one of those pens they jacked the price up on...For me its a binary decision no drinking period.
