-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkaynf/whats_everyone_doing_tonight/

Happy Friday Sobernaughts!..I decided to do a week break.  It started on Saturday so it'll be going through today and into tomorrow.  This break means doing things that I want to do.  Although this seems simple it's actually been quite complicated...I've found that I do things that I think I should be doing and doing them for that reason.  For example yoga.  Yesterday I thought I'm going to roll out the mat because it's something that I think I should be doing not because I feel like doing yoga.  I decided to leave the mat rolled up and did something else instead.  ..I've made an exception for things that I have to do.  Like the library books were due yesterday.  I really didn't feel like returning them.  Technically I didn't have to return them.  I could have just renewed them on-line or even just not done anything about them.  I thought about the consequences of not returning the materials.  I thought about the fines.  I thought about the high chance that one of the books could go missing in the clutter or get eaten by the puppy...Although I didn't really feel like returning the materials because it was cold and raining I realized that I did want to return the materials because I didn't want to deal with the consequences of not returning the materials...When I first stopped drinking Fridays were difficult.  In order to make them easier I'd have a plan.  I didn't have to follow it exactly but it was helpful.  I was rigid in the beginning but now it serves more as a general guideline.  It solved the answer to the question "Now what do I do?"  It gave me a better answer than "Drink!"..When I first quit drinking it was something that I did because I thought I should do it.  At the store I saw one of my classmates picking up a case of beer.  I was jealous and slightly resentful.  I thought it's not fair that I can't drink.  Luckily as it was Friday I already had a plan... study watch Bob's Burgers and then eat ice cream.  I should note that he dropped the class a few weeks later.  ..A few months after I quit drinking I realized that I could drink.  There is absolutely nothing preventing me from going to the store picking up some beer and getting wasted.  I'm not drinking because it's something that I should not be doing and primarily because I don't want to drink!..At some point the things that we want to do (or don't want to do) align with the things that we should be doing (or shouldn't be doing).  This break has been an attempt to figure out what those things are (and aren't)...My daughter has to make a banner for her Confirmation.  We will be acquiring supplies for the activity and then she with my supervision (making sure her puppy doesn't eat the craft materials or supplies) will be making the banner.  We'll be eating dinner at some point.  I'm not sure what when or where but we'll figure that out along the way...What's everyone else doing tonight??..Oh and as usual if you're drinking doing drugs using THC that's your decision but please don't post about it out of respect for those that are struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Phys! Have fun with Princess and her Confirmation project :). Glad you took a well-deserved break...Tonight my girl friends are taking me out (early bday gift) to a local restaurant that has live acoustic music. When they told me it starts at 7PM I thought to myself 'that's a bit late' lol! Since I've gotten sober I don't go out much at nights. I also have to be home to take care of mom...so if I get home by 9 or 10 that'll be ok. I've saved all of my damn calories today to indulge in a piece of bday cake tonight!..Wishing everyone a beautiful weekend &lt;3.
Going for a massage and watching the Islanders!
I was going to go see a movie with my SO but we got the sad news last night that one of his pals was on life support and they had just been informed there was nothing else they could do so they were going to disconnect the machines. He lost his battle with alcoholism. He's a wonderful kind and witty person and has been so ill lately. I hope his soul finds peace in the afterlife whatever that may be. So instead I think SO will go out and be with other friends from that group and I will stay home away from the inevitable boozing that alcoholics do when one of their own is lost to them. I'll do some journalling/meditation and light a candle for him. &amp; probably I'll get really mad.. it is what it is.
My home group AA meeting is at 7 and they'll be happy that I made it past 30 days. After that I'm going to make some huevos rancheros and then get back on World of Warcraft. It's something I associate with drinking but looking back I cringe at all the times I wandered around a dungeon lost when I couldn't figure out where the rest of my group went.
Going to the gym. I had plans to hang out with my friends after but that fell through so I'll probably just come home make dinner and watch something. ..Anyone got any good British TV show recommendations to stream? I finished Innbetweeners Spaced and the Office this week and want to find more british shows to watch tonight.
This is such a wonderful post u/physis81! Your week of doing what you want is a cool exercise...&gt; At some point the things that we want to do (or don't want to do) align with the things that we should be doing (or shouldn't be doing). This break has been an attempt to figure out what those things are (and aren't). ..I think this is right inline with my belief that I can't really get what I want in life unless I can truly define it. Defining what I want can be whole lot harder than it might seem. I spent too many years figuring out what I didn't want and navigating life by those stars only to remain lost. I'm still defining what I want and slowing moving in that direction. Your post has inspired me to actually pen it out again because it's been some time since I did that exercise and I find it so useful. What I want evolves the main themes shine through but the details change with time. ..Happy Friday! I'm spending the night regrouping after the first week on the job. It can be tough being the new employee. Frozen blueberries to snack on in bed while I watch some sort of show for five minutes before drifting off is my plan for the night.
