-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkblbr/is_it_really_a_problem_and_how_do_i_cope/

I've lurked in this sub sober for months... but I'm not sure if I'm only sober because I'm pregnant...I met my boyfriend at work. (To be honest I hate the word boyfriend because we bought a house together and are expecting a child together and have plans to marry despite no engagement - if I refer to him as my husband that's because that's what feels right though we arent legally or religiously wed.)..Our workplace well its rough. We both met working at a cattle auction market. Hes from Mexico and came to this country to work there before climbing the ladder some and proving himself- his residency is on it's way. (The biggest reason we havent married yet is he wants residency on his own not for marrying into it.) If you work at this market you drink and that's a fact - poor management long hours high stress work it's probably the worst place to work. Being an anxiety-riddled person I actually loved the job itself if not the management. But drinking was almost a part of the job description. More too drugs like cocaine and weed are a given even AT work though I never went that far. Actually ex coworkers are usually in and out of rehab...(I'll insert here - I quit this job around the time I quit drinking. The stress of this job as well as working with my husband as well as trying to conceive was too much and we are much happier/better now that I'm working out of the home.)..When I first got into this relationship was when I realized I had a major drinking problem. I could insert story after story about what led me to this conclusion but I'll settle for the story that has made me want to quit...My SO and I were both in disagreement about a work matter while at work. A coworker friend of mine asked if I wanted to go for wing Wednesday (and of course drinks) after work. I agreed. This bled across the table and mingled the work matter (not enough people on the job and I decided to leave after I worked 8am till 2am the night before and came back for 8am and left at 6pm) with the personal: he wanted to spend time with me but the only way to do so was stay at work and if I stayed I was going to be miserable and didnt want to already be working with my SO which is hard enough as well as miserable. Of course our relationship was quite new at this point and while we were both "in it to win it" we hadnt figured out how to communicate these things well yet especially with the language barrier and work interference. I left work upset that he was upset with me and not understanding why and he was upset - not with me but the fact that work interfered and we couldnt spend some quality time together. ..Out of upsetness and anxiety in the time it took me to shower dress get my face on and meet up with my friend I had 6 drinks. I had 2 more shotgunned with her at her place before we headed out. We were late to get wings and so I didnt eat - we just beelined the bar and went at it. ..I ended up at home because one of our bosses showed up at the bar we were at. I dont remember doing it but I bought him drinks and talked for a few minutes. He texted or called my boyfriend. My boyfriend came and got me. By the time we got home I was sick everywhere - I laid on the deck blacked out. Apparently I was talking about exes - something I NEVER do with my boyfriend - and he got quite hurt. He stayed with me all night though and I got up the next mornin with him and headed to work...He was upset with me all day. He told me the things I said and I was stunned. That was the day I said I'd quit drinking. It took a while to rebuild trust but my life did improve. Our trust rebuilt. I quit that job. We moved to a home we bought together and while he still works there I work out of the home which is a blessing as he wanted to try to have a child and so did I. At the time I didnt think the strong desire to drink would come back and considered myself "cured" of any problems. We had one miscarriage and even then I didnt want to drink to excess - we dealt with it together our relationship only got better and now I'm 33 weeks with a healthy boy. ..Heres what I didnt expect:..Apparently some people are only your friends because you drink together. I lost pretty much everyone in my life - I lost friends when I got together with my boyfriend (racism mostly so no true loss) I lost friends when I quit drinking and I lost friends when I got pregnant. I dont have friends in this area unless you count old coworkers who only want to drink and my only family here is my boyfriends brother and sister in law both from Mexico. My only interactions are with them my boyfriend and his friends - who are all Mexican. ..Now dont get me wrong I love the culture and the language and I'm trying my hardest to learn. But my anxiety is ruling my life. I'm too scared to speak Spanish and they dont want to take the time to converse with me in English. Also I'm not sure if its them personally or culturally but they all drink. All the time I'm hearing "bet you cant wait till you taste tequila again!"..And you know what? They're right. I cant wait until I can have a couple shots and be able to try to converse with them in Spanish. I cant wait until I can taste liquor again and stop feeling too anxious to enjoy my life again. I know its anxiety ruling me and making me feel this way but I dont know how to get the support I need. My anxiety is so high I hardly speak to anyone anyways; the only person truly aware of my drinking problem is my boyfriend and my sister but my sister lives 7.5 hours away from me and my boyfriend doesnt seem to understand that my anxiety and myself are 2 separate things at war and now without liquor I dont know how to bare my soul enough to explain that to him. ..I guess what I'm looking for here by posting this is an outlet. And advice. I feel like I have nobody. I feel like I'm going to be a horrible parent because I'm going to struggle with alcohol afterwards if I dont get it under control. I feel like I'm struggling with crippling loneliness and anxiety and shame- and they're all things that need fixing but they're all the things preventing me from fixing them. ..So I'm reaching out now for help I guess while it's easy to stay sober as long as theres another life inside me. ..How do you do it? How do you deal with the shame? How do you deal with social interactions where everyone is pressuring you? How do you deal with anxiety and confidence issues so you dont feel like you have to drink to socialize in the first place? How do you find resources and help for your drinking problem when you've got too much shame to even try? How do I do this?
----------immediate responses--------

I figure if you think its a problem then it is probably a problem. I can't say much as how to cope so on and so forth. I'm brand fuckin new at this myself... I just tell myself I'm better than I was and eventually I'll be better than I am now...Congrats about your boy. Your world is going to dramatically change in a short period of time.
I can relate to a lot of what you're saying.  I had a similar blackout/saying bad things moment while drunk and that was it for me.  I too drank mostly out of anxiety whether I realized it or not.  I decided that if I was going to quit drinking I needed something else to help my mental state so I saw a psychiatrist about medication for my anxiety and depression.  Would that be an option for you either now or else after you have the baby?  (I'm not sure if any medications are safe for pregnant women or not).  If you can't take any medications while pregnant a psychologist or counselor can help you with other methods like mindfulness workbooks etc. that can help your mind calm down.  You can also try AA meetings especially if you feel shame.  I felt the same as you until I went to a meeting and was surrounded - literally! - by people who understood where I was who had been in my shoes and who didn't judge me.  Best of luck to you!  You're in the right place and you can do this.
In my experience it helped to think of myself as "Living Sober!".  It has a much better outlook just in it's wording than the negative "Not Drinking" does.  You will have to be a strong Mama for your boy.  That will mean being there for him for everything - and the best way to do that is to "Live Sober".  I can't say how hard or easy it will be - but I can say it will be entirely worth it.  IWNDWYT
