-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkd2be/helpful_tool_for_staying_sober/

I found a helpful FREE app for iPhone (not sure about Android but there are probably multiple apps for what I'm describing) called "I Am Sober".....I've only used it for a few days so far but I find it very helpful. I am on my phone a lot puttering around wasting time so it's been really encouraging to click on an app that shows my real life progress with an issue I'm trying to tackle...You can choose from a list of many different habits/tendencies you'd like to be "sober" from---ranging from alcohol and heroin to social media and sugar. You can also create custom categories if the habit you're trying to stay away from or change isn't on their list...I smoke pot also but just trying to sober up from alcohol at the moment. So my favorite option in this app for me is that I can keep track only of my sobriety from drinking and keep the rest separate. The app still tells me I'm being "sober from alcohol" and that is just simply uplifting to see in writing...There is also a network of people using the app that post their progress struggles and questions for other users to see. For example I am approaching "Day 4" of sobriety from alcohol and I can see all posts from different people around the country and world who are at the same "stage" of sobriety as I am...I am really impressed with this app and finally feel like I have a tool (even though it's a small one) to help me feel like my progress is being tracked. Maybe this would never help you and you hate apps and think it's stupid---thats OK. Just wanted to try and help someone like me who may find it possibly life changing...Have a great weekend!   
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you found an app that works for you. Have a happy weekend. IWNDWYT
My sober friends JUST recommended me that app last week! Excellent suggestion. I love it. The check-ins are really helpful for me.
I love this app. I wish there was the ability to comment on others' stories though.
