-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bke7kv/how_to_deal_with_constant_nagging_thoughts_that/

I have to admit off the bat that my issue isn't with drinking. I have an eating disorder and I'm posting here because reddit doesn't really have a good eating disorder recovery community. So I hope it's ok that I post here. If not I certainly won't be offended if my post gets deleted. ..I have constant nagging thoughts about returning to my self destructive behaviors.  Those thoughts convince me that I don't really have a problem. They convince me that I'll recover after  X Y &amp; Z .  My thoughts are so convincing and I keep falling into the same trap and relapse over and over again. I suppose one of the biggest differences between eating disorders and alcoholism is that I can't quit food. I have to face it multiple times per day every day. But I can tell you that in my experience - eating disorder behaviors are addictive. ..I have a therapist and I've talked with her about this problem. But I don't have a good method of coping with the constant thoughts about going back to my problematic behaviors. Does anyone have a good method of dealing with them?
----------immediate responses--------

Does your therapist utilize cognitive behavioral therapy in their practice? Therapy helped me to recognize and break down cognitive distortions/automatic negative thoughts. My therapist told me I fall into "catastrophic thinking patterns". I don't have any experience with ED but for example I will think to myself "eventually there will be something I can't get through sober might as well say fuck it now" but with therapy I learned to identify the thought pattern (in this example right away I see future predicting &amp; all-or-nothing mentality probably there are some more if I'd write it in my notebook and do an exercise with it) and then how to reword the thought breaking down the distortion...If CBT is not available to you I really learned a lot about these thinking patterns from the book "Feeling Good" by Dr. David Burns...I also learned a lot about my thoughts from mindfulness meditation. The realization that I don't have to cling to or identify with every thought that passes my mind was life changing...Also I've been using an app the last couple weeks called "woebot" it's an AI chat that walks you through basic CBT techniques. It's a little cheesy but I'm acrually surprised how effective it is just nice reminder to check in with myself once a day. It hasn't asked me for money yet so fingers crossed lol...Good luck! Sorry I couldn't be more specific to your exact issue.
Hi there! I know more than a few people with eating disorders who also deal with other addictions. I've also been at open (as in open to anyone not just people with a desire to stop drinking) AA meetings where people with eating disorders have come because they needed a meeting and there wasn't an EDA or OA meeting available. (Eating Disorders Anonymous and Overeaters Anonymous) I don't have personal experience with an eating disorder but I've come to understand that addiction is addiction and many of the characteristics of addiction are the same regardless of the substance or behavior of choice...I've been active here on SD off and on for five years now. This sub has been a significant part of my recovery and I am extremely indebted to the community here. I've also done a lot of work with a therapist who has helped me tremendously and I'm so grateful that I have been able to work with her she very genuinely changed my life. On their own those have not been enough for me. I have also needed a real life program of recovery that involves working with other alcoholics and going to meetings. ..When I don't go to meetings enough I start to get crazy thinking again. When I'm working a good program I stay pretty stable and sane. It's not for everyone but it has been game changing for me to get active in AA. I'm pretty sure that I'll eventually revert to my old thinking and my old behaviors if I'm not active in sobriety and for me that includes being active in AA. I've relapsed before and I can always relapse again if I stop doing what I know works...So that's basically what's working for me - finding people who know what works to stay sober and doing what they say works for them until I can figure out what works for me and then I just keep doing what works and taking suggestions from other people with quality sobriety. When I feel crappy or crazy or like old thinking and behaviors are creeping in I just double down on what I know works...For me what works is getting out of my own head. I *love* getting stuck in my own head but that feeds my addiction. Connecting with people in real life who are also in recovery helps me get out of that trap. I do that by going to meetings and building relationships with other people who are in recovery...Here's the [EDA website](http://www.eatingdisordersanonymous.org/meetings.html) if it's of any interest/use to you. It looks like they've got online and real life meetings. [Refuge Recovery](https://refugerecovery.org) is another option it's a Buddhist-based recovery program that is open to anyone with any sort of addiction.
how far into recovery are you? I was hospitalised for a lot of my teens with anorexia and eventually when I recovered the more I ate the saner I was. It sounds so simple and nothing-y but I cannot overstate how much less obsessive your mind gets once it gets fed for a little while. On the other side I am now in my thirties and still get the desire to control my weight and eating especially when I do get periods of sobriety the voice comes back quite strongly. I allow it to be there. I calmly eat when I am hungry. I just acknowledge it. It doesn't come back that often and you can learn to stop being afraid of its power with time
