-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkgrho/what_was_your_bottom/

I need  motivation as I have constantly thought I hit my  bottom but always relapse...I did not drink today so thats a start but I ask-when do you say enough is enough and finally get motivated?
----------immediate responses--------

I surrendered when i could no longer manage to eat and lived only to drink. 24/7. I quit my job and drank for 3 straight months until I literally could not do it any longer. Even then i went down swinging.  That was almost 3 years ago. I went to rehab moved into a sober house and got my life together.  I never want to do that again.  As much as this disease tries to trick me into thinking that I could drink again some day...Keep it up one day at a time.  It gets better.  The cliches are true. Believe it or not.
Hearing that my friend's relative killed someone while driving drunk recently and fed up-ness over feeling lousy physically emotionally and mentally more often than not. ..IWNDWYT.
My bottom was oddly quiet.  I had been to  the  same bar with the same people drinking exactly the same as I always did.  The next night I had my kids (shared custody with ex) so I put them to bed at 7pm and drank my way thru a case of old Milwaukee's Best Light Ice.  The next day I woke up to an email from my BFF.  It was long and I don't remember much of it but I do remember the line  I will love you if you face your demons or if you don't.  But I will no longer pretend they don't exist.   I stopped reading looked in the phone book (before iPhones!) and called AA.  I was at a meeting by noon...So the end was kind of a whisper.  But along the way there was blackout drinking behavior that was so far outside my belief system I couldn't recognize myself.  Massive debt ER visits broken relationships.  Drinking with a series of lower companions and in ever seedier bars...   chronic absenteeism from work ignoring children treating my parents like shit... your name it.  I was never arrested  never was fired from a job etc. I did stop my heart from drinking too much and I was spiritually and morally bankrupt and a complete shell of a human.  I was so sick from alcohol on a daily basis.  And I lived every day promising myself I wouldn't drink and trashing that promise by 3:30.....I burned my life to the ground and had to start over at 34.  I had two small kids and $28 and no job.  I was 26k in debt.  That was my bottom.
Showing up drunk to my preschooler's parent-teacher conferences. Missing work the next day for the first time because I was hung over.  Was a big wake up call. I set an appointment with my doctor to go over medication options to help with the cravings. Threw out all the alcohol including apple juice and cider yeast packets I had hidden to brew my own. Going on 18 days sober today.
I don't believe there are bottoms.  Any of us could keep sinking until death.  I knew it was quit or die eventually so I was half-heartedly trying for two years.  Finally I got sick of the constant failures and decided to pour my full effort into it.  I learned I practiced skills and things took off.
Homeless on my 28th Birthday drinking red wine bottles out the front of the hospital with bad anxiety stayed in there over night. And back on the street the next day. Finally got my self some money after 5 months without a place to live and 2 years on I'm still only 27 days sober. But I have learned a lot over the years and never want to go back to the old me.
My bottom was when I stopped digging. ..It started with me doing embarrassing things that I later regretted years later a DUI and eventually the near breakup of my marriage. ..When I first entered recovery I didn't have a super low bottom; alcohol was just causing me to not enjoy life and I was doing stupid things that I felt embarrassed about. ..Then I started missing work due to Hangovers. And then missed work because of anxiety from drinking... Unfortunately I continued to drink even though I worked hard in my sobriety but not as hard as I'm working now. It got progressively worse until I completely abstained.
Throwing up in the bathroom of a public park while my 3 year old played outside and my 8 mon old watched from her stroller.  
I've had so many. Most recently being so hungover I threw up during takeoff on an airplane. So gross. :(
