-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkiwu0/sober_happier_healthier_and_often_bored/

Hey SD fam! I've really nailed the quitting... I got all the puzzle pieces in place finally and feel great about where I'm at. It took a lot of work a hell of a lot of failing and getting back up. But I'm feeling good happy confident healthy calm. From a weekly intake of at least 120 Std Drinks (Australian) to completely clean... god damn I feel amazing. Very excited for a sober future! ..Now... to anyone else that's been through the first year what did you do with all your free time? It's so strange. I genuinely feel like I have 48 hours in a day now! I'm on top of all of the things I need to do day to day and I always have free time...To clarify I'm not saying this is putting me at risk of relapsing. I'm just curious how everyone else adjusted to this new life!..TL;DR: Sober champions what did you do about the boredom???..Peace and IWNFDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

Tbh I got this uplift in motivation and I actually feel like there's *less* time in a day. I'm currently unemployed and taking a break from school so I dont really have much to do. And it isnt like I do that much. I read up on things that interest me on the internet I watch documentaries (there's some good stuff on YouTube!) I read books I meet friends do whatever I want basically. It sounds pretty boring but I am not bored because I know theres so many things I *could* do if I wanted. I choose these "boring" tasks because I enjoy them. Id recommend thinking about stuff you've always wanted to do but never did because they seemed to hard. You can always take small steps towards those goals. Also pick up old hobbies again. Maybe find a sport you enjoy. Read some books if you enjoy that. Whatever floats your boat.
One word: HOBBIES!..I've got more hobbies than I can keep up with between the woodwork the gardening the musical instruments the DIY etc etc.....Who has the time to be *bored*??!..Mind you a certain amount of the boredom and anhedonia during the first year of recovery was due to the fact that I'd been artificially overstimulating my brain's reward and pleasure centres with booze for the previous 15 years it took quite a long time to recalibrate to what *normal* pleasure from *normal* stimuli is supposed to feel like and actually enjoy the hobbies again but it's been a lot better in year 2......Congrats on 8 months and counting keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I agree it can be totally boring sometimes...Everyone says do the gardening! Go running! Make something! Read a book!..But when you've been hardwired to more exciting things for such a long time those options can feel terribly boring to some (including me). ..I find when you have more responsibilities i.e. work family and friends there's naturally a lot more stuff to do. When you're tired because you've actually been doing stuff all day it's much easier to appreciate the downtime and you won't feel as bored.
Knitting. Knit socks. Then you have a hobby and lots of toasty socks!
I read novels -- lots of them.
I started studying so that i can get out of my dead arse job and earn more.
