-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkuxwj/ive_been_sober_for_a_year_today/

I joke I'm a  fourth generation alcoholic  since my mother and maternal grandmother and great grandfather were all alcoholics. My mom still has a drinking problem she is in denial about as well as my dad (they are divorced). It scares me to see family members struggle with this. And sometimes I feel like even genetically I'm made to be an alcoholic. I'm only 24 it can feel isolating socially and it's hard to imagine that this might be something I deal with for a long time too...Lately I've been liking the phrase  slow progress is still progress  because that's what sobriety feels like to me. I have struggled with a lot the last few years and have felt so stagnant at times. It felt like I'd never get better. Quitting alcohol reminded me that I have the power to take control and better my own situation. Today and every day I am grateful to be sober and know that I am taking care of myself in one of the most important ways. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I am so proud of you! I believe in you and that you have a beautiful life ahead of you!   
Thats really great!  Slow progress is progress  is a good mindset to have. Also remember that progress isn't linear there are so many ups and downs. I'm proud of you for making it a year so far! I hope you keep it up
Congrats comrade! You're my hero!
I'm 24 as well it can be lonely in our age group if you don't drink but oh well...In my opinion it's totally worth it to just know for a fact that you are dodging a huge bullet quitting alcohol. ..Life isn't a competition but the people my age who still drink are falling behind me really fast.
Hello there that is amazing! A full year. I am 32 and was when I stopped drinking that my whole family brought up the "it's in our genes" theory while they were still drinking. It might be true (apparently only 10% of the human population are easily addicted something to do with the dopamine system in the brain that functions differently than other peoples). Although I believe that somethings maybe biological for me I can not neglect the fact that within generations cultural alcoholism is something that is passed on. Seeing people drink in my family all throughout my and their lives gets normalizes abusive drinking.  ..I did not have the insight or strength at 24 to address it as a real problem. It is a very motivating message to the past and present me. Keep it going. ..And as a last point you people will emphasize that you are young and that your body will bounce back and that it is amazing to make this change now (and I did sort of say that and I believe that part is true). But at your age I would imagine the social pressures of drinking are harder when you are youngerless piers struggling with the idea that it is a problem social events very heavily surrounding drinking... so way to go. It is truly amazing. IWNDWYT
Happy for you!!
Whoot! Good job. Happy birthday! ..To address your comment on being a 'fourth generation alcoholic' research does show there's definitely an element of genetic predisposition to alcohol and substance abuse. Much of it has been documented through research in the Native American community and the struggles facing their communities with disproportionate levels of alcohol and substance abuse. Some of us are just wired to be more predisposed to these types of issues and having them wreck our lives. ..Great to hear you getting your act together at 24. Keep up the good work and at 34 you'll be infinitely thankful you did.  ..IWNDWYT :)
Congratulations what an achievement. When I first stopped I also was 24 and really struggled with missing out not fitting in and not being allowed to ever drink again. Over ten years later slowly but surely the people I used to envy in my twenties have progressed into dependency. They need alcohol to relax to have fun to socialize... while I found freedom. You got this! IWNDWYT
Congratulations! I wish for many happy years of not drinking in your future!
Congratulations!
This post really moves me. I am also multi generational alcoholic and for some reason a lot changed in my experience of it after my father died from complications of the disease.  I view alcohol as a ghost (or spirit if you will) that haunts my family generation after generation. My father left when I was too young to remember him. When I was 12 he showed back up for a week and left again with no contact information. When I was 21 we tried to make a relationship but it was always strained. I used alcohol and weed to connect to him. I guess after the horror show of my drunken wallowing misery after he died I felt like I could expel the ghost. And I did.
Congratulations ! Motivation for those of us travelling the same path. .Good on you for getting it under control early - very wise.
This is a great post and great reminder for all of us. I'm about to celebrate two years of sobriety. Surreal.
One year is huge. Congratulations on taking your life back into your own hands! IWNDWYT
