-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bl3d51/22_yrs_old_not_quite_ready_to_quit_but_getting/

Hello! I've been a lurker for a bit but this is my first time posting so please let me know if there are any guidelines or anything I'm breaking :)..It's 2:30pm and I'm still laying in bed after drinking most of yesterday. What started out as a couple margaritas while doing yard work quickly turned into more and more drinks throughout the day ending in me throwing up and going to bed early (for me). I've been browsing this sub for about an hour just reading through these posts and getting some really good advice and ideas for when I'm ready to stop drinking. It's something I've been throwing around in my head for months now but I still feel like I'm not 100% ready. Reading these posts though and hearing what people who have been through what I'm going through rn have to say and how happy/content they are with their decision to stop drinking has been eye opening to say the least. I've been off and on tearing up while reading because I can't wait until I am for sure ready to not drink anymore. I can't wait to start living my life not relying on substances to "have a good time". I feel so ashamed that it's gotten to this point but I know that all I can do from here is do my best take it one day at a time and try not to be too hard on myself. Alcohol is insidious I've seen how it can sneak into someone's life and wreak havoc. I mean my parents met in AA 28 years ago and my mom still struggles with not drinking. I just want to live my life as happy and as genuinely as I can...Anyway this got a bit long-winded but I'm looking forward to starting my journey and continuing to utilize this subreddit and the wonderful advice I've already gotten from you beautiful people!! Thank you all so much    I hope you all have a wonderful day
----------immediate responses--------

If I quit at 22 I'd have 2334 days and a million less of my worst life regrets and mistakes. ...But I know your position. Drinking is fun and at 22 I rebounded quickly from feeling like shit back to having fun and didn't necessarily have an abuse problem the entire time either.
You're honest with yourself about your drinking and not being ready to quit. I think honestly and self awareness are the best start ever. Everyone has their own recovery journey. The most important thing to know is that you're never alone in yours. Lurk ask questions get inspired get discouraged get inspired again it's all a part of the journey :)   
22 year-old here! I think that it's good that you're thinking about your relationship with alcohol but I would urge you not to leave it until it's too late. I stopped drinking only after getting into a situation where I could have easily died and could have/may have thrown my future dreams away.
Yep why not keep going today?  You're already a day ahead : )
