-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bladxz/day_one/

I woke up this morning after spending my entire weekend drinking too much. I've been struggling with alcohol to cover my (and obviously actually exaggerate) my depression and anxiety. ..I've quit in the past for a few months at a time. And I always fall back. I found out about this group in an old news article while I was looking for resources. ..This will be the first time I've utilized any sort of group support so I hope it works. ..Thank you for creating a group like this.
----------immediate responses--------

It works if you work it. This subreddit is great!  But I have to have other support and a plan to work. It took AA for me to get my mind right. Good luck. IWNDWYT
Welcome! Keep checking in here! Also I find for me that checking in with the others who are on their day 1 here (even if you are on day 3 or whatever) can really help (them and you!). Pass on the encouragement.
There are a bunch of helpful podcasts out there that helped me.  I can get them in during my commute or while I am at the gym and it is just amazing all the different kinds of help that are out there.
This is my day one also. Good Luck... I know I need it..
Weekends have been kicking me is the ass too. I'm great weeknights and don't desire to drink but Fridays I lose my resolve and start drinking again and drink until Monday morning I'm exhausted and feel like crap...I drank less than usual last night so I'm tired but not hungover today. I'm sick of this cycle too. That's why I'm on here this morning...I will not drink with you today.
Today is my day 1 too. My anxiety is through the roof and alcohol is such a list when it winks at me and tells me it will make it better. ..Let's do it bud.
I found this place after reading about it in an old article in the Washington Post while recovering from the worst bender of my life. It has helped me stay sober for over 700 days. ..Welcome. You can do this. ..I won't drink with you today!
Possible that it causes your depression and anxiety. Lots of reports that quitting resolved symptoms. It's sure worth a try. It took me 45 years to come to an understanding that there is more to life that arranging your day around that first drink. IWNDWUT
[removed]
me too. day one.
I'm doing the 4 days drinking 3 days not. I'm binging those 4 days. It's easier to just not drink at all but I can't seem to get to momentum. Not going to quit quitting though.
Stick around and check those days off. IWNDWYT
Day 1 here too. So so tired of the cycle. IWNDWYT
This sub has been a tremendous help for me in escaping the slavery of alcohol addiction and turning my life around.    .    .Welcome to the club!    .    .iwndwyt
A friend of mine has been sending me daily affirmation texts. "I am a good person." "I am worthy" etc. He's asked me to stand at the mirror and say them to myself. It's helpful. To his list I have added "I will not drink with you today." It sounds hokey as hell but go stand at the mirror and tell yourself "I will not drink with you today."..Day 4 over here. We can do it.
Welcome! On my Day 1 (or at least my latest Day 1) I posted to this group for the first time in a similar fashion. Someone replied asking me what my plan was for not drinking on that day. That clicked with me... the idea of not drinking was a good one but how was I going to do that in reality? What action would I take to \*not\* drink. So I would ask you the same: What is your plan for not drinking today? IWNDWYT.
Day one here as well! Let's do this together!
Hi! I'm fairly new here too. It's been 2 weeks since I've had alcohol. The first one was hard and I still get cravings but I feel so much better than I did 14 days ago. Welcome and best of luck! IWNDWYT
My anxiety has been much better without Alcohol. IWNDWYT
Today is my day 1 as well. Also took the "holiday" opportunity to be a shit show all weekend. I'm so tired of it. Let's get through today.
Welcome! You can do this...I will not drink with you today!
I'm just starting Day 3 today. I can tell you that I feel so much better today. Almost normal and I think I've drank everyday for the past two years at least. Maybe try and plan something to do outside of your house in the evenings. That helped me over the weekend. Even though I was feeling cranky I went to play games at Dave &amp; Busters with my husband listened to some.Live music and play trivia. Then by the time I got home I was really tired so I just went straight to bed. Power on! IWNDWYT!
I have had my fair share of day ones. ..This group really helps. And makes you realize that you not alone :)..IWNDWYT :)
I haven't shared on this page before but i quit about a month and some change ago for the 8-10th time too. Always for a month or so to  see if I could  as a regularly drinking bartender. ..I also have generalized anxiety and depression. I can tell you it is not easy but not drinking really does get better each day and so does my mental health...Alternatives don't work for everyone but I have been guzzling water soda water juice and more water. Going to the gym and meditating have helped the most. Both are huge game changers. Don't be afraid to take baby steps and find things that work to calm you or help in stressful situations. ..You've got this. And even if you don't we'll still be here when you're ready!..IWNDWYT!
I too found this sub in an old article on the web while looking for ressources! It helped a lot. Good luck!
The saying which our mothers used to say in the childhood: "Don't play with the bad guys." is applicable for all throughout life i.e. the kind of people we keep company with have a significant influence over us. In our decisions actions etc. ..&amp;#x200B;..Be it your feed or physical life u become like the people you spend your time with.
I feel the same way. IWNDWYT  
All the best!!.IWNDWYT
I was like YOU. ..&amp;#x200B;..I went from social drinker to chronic alcoholic sleeping on park benches etc...Was homeless for a bit too as I had a Mum instead of helping ME degrading me instead. Telling me I was a nothing etc when I already knew that at the time didn't exactly make me go SOBER...&amp;#x200B;..Looking back the more she said don't drink I just did the opposite as this childhood behaviour related and I had trauma growing up. A never ending supply of it. The most damaging being not getting help for ADHD and only discovering at 33 years of age this would be the reason for a lot of my fuck ups growing up which near left me for dead. As last year on this same date i..e the 6th of May I was in a hotel room having a seizure after I swallowed 4 grams of cocaine thinking it would kill me. As I was done with my LIFE. Nothing was helping. ..&amp;#x200B;..What is more damaging my brother who I went to after 3 suicide attempts which resulted in my shame getting to me. Only to realise  he couldn't get help too. Like take me to a hospital or rehab.  I now know why as I was in the same boat. It would be why seeing psychologists about this problem did nothing for the last 10 - 15 years going to AA wasn't suitable etc.....&amp;#x200B;..After this last attempt I went to get familiar help again but it just felt like it would fall flat again. Psychologist telling me to join a rehab she was affiliated too and me after reading the reviews from that rehab I saw people were blowing $20 k and relapsing etc.....&amp;#x200B;..I took my own path and never looked back. I thought I would work my life backwards assess and own up to everything I did. This was painful as it is a complex issue etc.....&amp;#x200B;..I wrote a reflection on all of the drinking I can remember - 89 pages so far. Telling myself that if I list it all then it will never be stuck in my head as a thought as I will know I wrote it out and then this will change my focus too. ..[https://ufile.io/0pbvrvla](https://ufile.io/0pbvrvla)..&amp;#x200B;..I then confronted my past Re-visiting these old drinking spots and cried many of times for the shame I brought onto myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..Then I realised when I stopped being emotional after a while I could do stuff with the places that were negative. Like go to these venues to empower myself when I need to. As I don't want to be hiding as that is how drinking and being an alcoholic got me there to begin with...&amp;#x200B;..It is here that something caught my attention. What made me drink in the first place?..&amp;#x200B;..I began to list behaviours and then where I learnt each of these from. ..&amp;#x200B;..I had so many of my parents ill traits that it became second nature to me too which then left me only frustrated over and over again...&amp;#x200B;..Working on these daily at my own pace and just identifying these behaviours as they came along helped me build a better interpersonal relationship with ME. Where I matter too and don't want to hurt myself any more...&amp;#x200B;..I didn't disconnect from people. They did that as it was intimidating to them that I could not drink yet communicate with them as if I was. That to me is personal empowerment and I enjoy that. It shows to me that I have made positive progress but more importantly it means I can be a better friend to these people I value yet they don't want the help and never know why but do want it. ..&amp;#x200B;..Do you know why? It is because Mum and Dad said don't get help. Be a man and do it. Yet Mum and Dad are shit faced on the couch preaching garbage. It is sad here as these people are now 32 for example and were told this at 12 for example where they couldn't of interpreted the message or evaluated it properly. Yet it stuck for them :( They should of re-evaluated it at age 20 for example but NOPE...&amp;#x200B;..I worked out in the end that there is something even greater that gets one to drink and that is alcohol being there as a nurturer for what one is craving from their own Mother. I.e. getting the love and support that person thinks they deserve and not the one the Mother provides. That alcohol connection to that is definitely there  as people begin to drink at a young age. At a young age their Mum's are going off the dial at them so alcohol is fitting. As let's face it your mum of 16 years is more important then some lame friend you know for only 2 months etc.....&amp;#x200B;..Unfortunately this deep perspective only comes to light when the damage is done :(
This is my day 2.
I have anxiety too - always thought the booze was helping but the next day it would throw me down into the spiralling pit and I'd be left to claw my way out. I'm on day 10 - clear headed at work and feeling patient and kind with myself. I hope you get there too! I will not drink with you today.
Welcome - and congrats on making this Day One! I too have quit many times over the past many years but when I found this forum a few weeks ago it helped me quit in a way that felt different. I start my mornings with the daily check-in here and read some posts with the goal of finding at least one to make an encouraging comment on. I'm on Day 11 and feeling strong and committed in a way that truly feels new. I hope it helps you in the same way and I Will Not Drink With You Today (IWNDWYT)!
The first step out of a negative situation is to admit that you are in it.  ..To thine own self be true.  ..I have many days and you have one.  We both have the same day together.   ..For me quitting drinking alcohol has been like removing the chains of slavery.  ..I'm bipolar and deal with that also.  I have a good doctor and lithium to get me level.  ..Take good care of yourself and congratulations on day one.
I will join you in Day 1
You can do this! My advice is to check in here often and see what others post contribute etc..Early on I liked making small goals and after a while it was amazing to see the days pile on and positive changes take place. See you tomorrow!
Day 1 for me too. I also have found that drinking pushes my anxiety through the roof. Starts to make me feel crazy after a bit. Luckily I have found for me that cutting the drinking out makes a HUGE difference for me. I'm naturally an anxious person but it is way more manageable without drinking. No weird intrusive thoughts or impending sense of doom.
IWNDWYT
What if I were to tell you that your drinking might be one of the causes of your anxiety and depression? Would you stop drinking then? I've been binge drinking every weekend since I graduated college two years ago. My depression and anxiety has only gotten worse. I'm 10 days sober from alcohol and I feel like some of my anxiety and intrusive thoughts have significantly decreased.
[removed]
Hey there! Congratulations! One thing that I wish I would have done at the beginning was switch a good habit in for the old. Anxiety can creep up on you and before you know it you might be binge eating a nightly gallon of ice cream or sleeping through your days to cope. What's helping me is this community and seeking out ways to boost myself. The gym and a good diet are staples I've yet to master but breathing techniques or the rule of the 3'3's has helped me some. Also it's ok to cry and reach out for additional help if you realize you could benefit from it. If there is one thing that this community has taught me it's that there are a TON of resources out there and people here that will root for you every step of your journey. Best of luck!
[removed]
Find an accountability buddy. If someone is holding you accountable it's so much harder to drink.
I've taken a couple of 30 day breaks from drinking and this is what worked for me...First I eat a steak as soon as I get home from work as a way to reward myself for getting through the week. I think any  special  food or meal would work. ..Second I take a nap. I'm usually home from work between 1-3 pm so it's another way to treat myself. ..I also have Halo top ice cream as I watch Netflix or Prime or whatever after dinner. It's another reward but it keeps me from drinking. I don't usually watch shows while I'm sober so this works instead of alcohol.
