-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bli6yi/the_journey_of_alcoholism_all_at_one_table/

Over the last weekend I had a very enlightening experience with some friends.  As the day started my friend had picked me up and we were going on a road trip around 1 p.m.  As we waited on all of our other friends to meet us to leave about 2 p.m. my friend that (I guess we would call a stage 5 alcoholic) cracks a beer and offers me one and I tell him no.....  I look at him and think to myself "I might drinking too much and be addicted but how could you do that at 2 p.m.?  we had started small talking about the summer and him at the lake.  He actually was laughing about him smashing 2 30's in one day.  I just about vomited in my mouth after he told me that as he proceeded to laugh about it.  He even told me he wake up to a oj n beer every morning "gotta get that vitamin C" as he said!  All of us had gathered and hit the road after reaching the hotel dinner was on our minds so we had picked Mexican.  As we sat at the table I was still sober and the minor (20) was also.  The 20 year old body language had changed completely.  She knew she couldn't drink and she wanted to after talking about drinking after we got back to the hotel.  She sat there with her arms crossed as all of us order a drink...... even me.  As the waiter came back my beer sat there for along time me and my minion talking me into it.  But there in that moment I looked around I saw the whole story of alcoholism unfolding.  There the jealous 20 year old looking at us ordering alcohol and mad cause she couldn't.... the true drunk laughing about wanting to order a 64oz margarita and everyone knew he wasn't joking cause he had been drinking all day.  Everyone was having a good time laughing at the alcoholic and all I saw was sadness.  He is so deep he now knows no difference and how much pain I see him in.   the weekend warriors on the other side sipping on a bud light. One that drinks 4/7 days a week minimum. then there's me... the one struggles to stay sober cause I try to be sober.... cause I want to a be sober... and still struggle.  It was weird and I hope im making sense...  I sat back I saw my journey that a lot of went through with alcohol and where I could be.  I did drink that beer and one more back at the hotel.  Although today i'm not only regretting it I'm on this self reflection of where I COULD BE if this gets out of control...&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for the long post
----------immediate responses--------

Very insightful.  I look for word as I appreciate the post even if it made me a bit sad.
Great post!
Makes total sense. Sounds like a great experience on which to reflect. Thanks for sharing!
