-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/blif8y/time_to_find_a_meeting/

Hi all. I've recently been struggling out of nowhere after doing so well. I've never been to an AA meeting but I've read about how positive and helpful they are or have been for many people in this group. ..I've avoided them partly because I managed the early stages of quitting surprisingly well. But mostly if I'm honest I'm scared of publically confronting my problem. I'm scared of running into a neighbour or recognising someone from my area - or being recognised. I'm scared of myself eye-rolling at the format of the meeting because I foolishly think I know how it will be based on how they're depicted in movies even though I know how dumb that sounds. ..I do think I need to take the leap though because I struggle to talk about it with my wife or friends. I think I need to talk about it with someone though. I can feel myself slipping...I don't know if I should go to an open meeting and take my wife to involve her or whether I should go to a closed meeting. I basically don't know anything other than I should probably take this step...Bit of a ramble. Sorry.
----------immediate responses--------

Anything I say is just a suggestion. But I did spend a lot of years in  those rooms . It sounds like exactly what you need. It will remove some of the stigma and make it easier for you to talk about with people. Maybe just go by yourself the first Time to get a feel for it. There are parts of it I disagree with like anything in life but you will find a great support and understanding there.
I think it's a great idea. If you're worried about running into anyone I would go closed over open... so if you do run into anyone they'll be there for the exact same reason. ..I've actually ended up running into a few folks I know from the outside and it's turned out to be an unexpected joy.
I guess the odds vary based on the size of your town but the chances of running into someone you know are pretty slim unless it is like the only meeting in town.  And even then you are both there for the same thing.  Would this person you know judge you for being just like them?  ..Plus there is zero commitment.  You could show up in dark glasses and a hat sit in the back scope it out and flee in terror after five minutes if you are so inclined.  There are no bouncers demanding to know your name address or that you remove conspicuously concealing headwear...You ever been to a local city council meeting?  It is not that different unless you stumble upon one with good snacks.
It's not a big deal...NOT going is a bigger deal!..What have you got to lose?..If I don't like it I don't go back.
