-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bll4t3/dry_drunk/

Could someone please explain to me the concept of a dry drunk?  I've heard this term a couple of times now.  My aunt is in AA and has stated that her father (my grandfather) was a dry drunk and recently I heard someone at my job described as a dry drunk.  The thing is that my grandfather tended to be angry and this guy at work tends to be very pacifistic so I'm struggling to come up with a good picture of what the term really means...My basic understanding if I was pressed for a definition would be that a dry drunk is someone who used to drink but now doesn't but they stopped by essentially white knuckling it and never fixed themselves?  This sounds so vague to me...I've got some sober time under my belt now and I've been posting on here semi regularly as well as listening to sobriety podcasts and using a mindfulness practice.  I don't go to any face to face meetings.  I wonder if I am in danger of becoming a dry drunk...I'm really excited to hear all of your thoughts on this topic!
----------immediate responses--------

A dry drunk doesn't address the root of why they drank (typically a blend of selfishness egocentrism control issues guilt other fears and resentments). Drinking is usually a symptom or byproduct of some combination of those things (and more). ..A dry drunk is someone who is sober but not in recovery. It does not have to be AA therapy or even internal reflection can help in recovery. ..It's also used as a catch all term for someone who is still an ass albeit sober.
My understanding is that a dry drunk is somebody who stops drinking and lives in the misery of not drinking and becomes angry and bitter at the world that they cannot drink like  normal' people whatever normal is. I think as long as you are happy in your decisions and making progress by listening and learning from others you stand a very good chance at staying away from this. I'm only 5.5 months sober and I miss it sometimes but I just put into action all the tings I've learned and it works for me. Take care stay strong  
In my opinion it's someone that doesn't drink but never took care of their mental health through psychiatric help or therapy.  However it's always better not drink.
A dry drunk wishes they were still drunk.  That's my understanding.  So therefore their behaviour and attitude reflect it.
Your understanding of  dry drunk  is the same as mine. In my opinion your postings here podcast listening and mindfulness are all evidence of the introspection a dry drunk never does to become a better person. With all that going on you are nowhere near  dry drunk  status and will never get there because you've probably already done enough. ..I think what  dry drunk  is NOT is the entire set of sober people who didn't want need or use AA to stop drinking. Nothing against AA it is an absolutely wonderful thing. But the first time I heard  dry drunk  was in reference to those who successfully quit without doing any of the 12 steps. Maybe also known as  two stepping .
interesting term
Its a bunch of bs. There is no such thing as a "dry drunk".
