-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/blshuj/doing_things_different/

Next week is the week where I've relapsed many times during the last years. The anniversary day of the death of my husband. This time though I hope it will be different. I've made a solid plan got support in place listened to my own wishes how I want to spend the day (I'm going on a short trip to our coast on my own) sorted out where I can go to a meeting there if I need it told friends and family why I want to/need to do this and where they can reach me and I've made an appointment to call a fellow on that day. I feel confident I can do it better this time. I'm still so very done with alcohol. I do not want to drink anymore. This year I will spend the days just feeling what I really feel. No numbing. No running. Just be. At the ocean. (And I will bring my laptop so I can check in here or chat at any moment I need it :)) I can do this. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You will do this! Got a good solid plan now. IWNDWYT
Hey Cato &amp; Cats!..I'm sorry I can only imagine how difficult the week will be...but you're doing beautifully and your husband would be so darn proud of you my dear ;)...Your plans sounds great I hope you enjoy the trip to the coast!..Sooo since you're bring US with you via laptop I figured [this would keep you company!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCrlyX6XbTU)..Sending warm hugs lots of love strength and peace to you sweet Cato you're going to be just fine...and we're *always* here for you! &lt;3 xoxo
Sending you Love friend.  May this year be different in so many ways including the peace you deserve.
Make this the year you do things differently! You have so many days behind you why not add some more? Be strong and keep facing forward.
From a fellow widow... You can do it. The anniversary is so hard but you have a solid plan. IWNDWYT.
What a difficult anniversary. You are doing great to have a strong plan in place. I hope the coast is beautiful and that your time is peaceful and refreshing. You are going to feel so proud of yourself for staying strong and not drinking. We are all rooting for you! :)
Best thoughts with you on what must be a tough day all the best!
Good luck  
Best wishes. IWNDWYT
