-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/blvrb6/long_time_lurker_1st_post_and_day_1/

I've been following this sub for quite some time now due to my issues with alcohol but have never posted so here's my story and hopefully this can can be my last day 1...I'm a 32 yr old male and I've been drinking heavily for probably the last five or six years of my life.  I'm happy to say I've made steps in the right direction over the last two months but I have not been able to kick my addiction yet.  I think my longest stretch this year has been six days but I always find my way back down to rabbit hole by consuming more beer or whatever I can get my hands on to make myself feel better.  I've come out to my significant other and she's been very supportive in my struggle ...I've attended several AA meetings and have really felt great afterward like there's hope.  Also I have started alcohol counseling with a therapist to start talking about my issues.  Our last session I came out of it with the following goal:  Attend 3 AA meeting's each week for a month which I plan on achieving. I fell off my sobriety last night after going to watch a basketball game with friends and unfortunately couldn't say no to beer even though I obtained all weekend with other temptations from family and friends.  I'm still hopeful though as I've been the most mentally strong the last few months by slowly trying to get alcohol out of my life. ..Not sure where I'm going with this but just wanted to put it down in writing.  I've got a good job great finance beautiful house and I don't want to lose any of that...I'll be attending my first of three AA meetings tonight and I will not drink with you all tonight.  Thanks for everyone's support the people in this sub are incredible.
----------immediate responses--------

Looks like you're doing everything correct stay strong and you will succeed. I wish you all the best.
Welcome. I think you will be pleasantly surprised at what you experience in the AA meeting. I still remember my first one. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. ..Keep us posted. IWNDWYT
Welcome! Sounds like you have a good plan :) keep it up and I hope all goes well please use our support when needed small or big. I will not drink with you today.
