-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bm080o/okay_i_get_it_i_cant_do_moderation/

Has anyone else had this fallacy? I was sober for 2 months and damn proud. I slipped up out at dinner with family I hadn't seen in a while felt bad but went right back to being sober. I was fine. Relapse is okay but back to being sober! Then 2 weeks later the weather turned beautiful and I couldn't stop dreaming of wine on my porch. I reasoned with myself write a bit until I gave in and bought
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the club!  I am right with you on this realization.   
Welcome back. IWNDWYT
There is a old saying...1 is too many   6 ( or more) is never enough.
Yep me too! Was sober for 3.5 months and thought I could have  a day drink or two . That turned into a 3 day bender averaging 25-30 drinks 3 days straight. No food no water. Alcohol and cigarettes. Felt like absolute crap for a week after. Than again for some foolish reason this past Friday I thought I would  take it easy  and have a  couple drinks  to relax since the weather was nice. Drank an entire bottle of whiskey and about 6-7 beers. No more. I simply can't drink. One is too many for me. As long as I don't take that first drink I'm fine. IWNDWYT
This is me totally. I would  reward  myself after a long run thinking I'd just have two glasses on the porch in the sunshine. A few hours later the bottle would be empty and I'd be craving more. A true reward is a nice meal and a good night's sleep!
It's like buying a big bag of potato chips because you only want one. Maybe some people could do that but I cant.
[deleted]
Your path here is irrelevant as long as you made it. Congrats for choosing to live life by your terms. IWNDWYT
Nope me either. And for me it doesn't matter why any more. You can torment yourself with why can't I drink like other people. Surely a beer won't hurt? ..The fact is if I drink I wont stop. It's just a fact it doesn't matter why. What matters is what you do with that knowledge.
If I control it I don't enjoy it and vice versa...
Moderation is just a form of torture for an addict like me!  I tortured myself a million ways for 35 years - fuck that!
Its ok! I can't moderate either no shame in it! We're all right there with you!
I am having issues with this right now it's actually the reason I checked in tonight. I've been thinking about having a drink or two in the nice weather. I've been thinking about when and how. I didn't even realize I'd been planning it. I've not done it yet still sober. I will not drink today.
Have you read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace yet?  That really helped me change my thought patterns about alcohol and quit the 'romanticizing'.  Helped to realize that a glass of water on the porch is just as nice our culture/society/media have just brain washed us into the idea that we need alcohol at all times to enjoy things.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Congrats on the realization that you can't moderate.  Once I did it was a game changer for me.
I have certainly been there.  I think many of us have.   My personal record is 35 sober days in a row and maybe 6 months sober with 7 slip-ups... My weakness is always thinking "hey it's been a good long while maybe it's safe."   Followed by "hey 2 glasses of wine didn't kill me I guess 4 is OK."   A week or two later "wow my tolerance hasn't changed at all I can still drink an entire bottle of wine and now I'm day drunk again".   A year later "I'm drinking a fifth of whiskey a day fuck what happened".
Your comment made me snort laugh (in comradery). I used to plan to drink like a "normal person" but that bottle would be pigged in world record time. Nope. Moderation is not for me.
Oh yeah: big time! I just posted to another post about this same issue. The author of that post (who has six years of sobriety behind them and a full life ahead of them) used a great phrase like "Solving alcoholism with alcohol doesn't work." It sounds like you are really ready to accept that you are not a "normal person" when it comes to alcohol (if such a thing even exists!). Once you reach and accept this conclusion (only took me a couple decades) there are only two things to do: (1) continue to drink; (2) stop altogether. We all know that only one of those options is a good one for us. Good weather here in the North Country means beers on the porch too. And just to complicate things even more I am currently building a new deck out back. But you know what? I am looking forward to NOT drinking on that deck. There was a time when I would have built something like that with the exact romanticized vision of drinking on a nice day that drove you onto you porch with a bottle of wine. Literally: I would have built it just to create a good space to drink more beer. What better justification?: I have this deck so I must drink every night--an oh by the way tonight I am only going to have two beers instead of 8. Now crazy is that? But I honestly don't feel that way anymore. The fact that I can build a deck where I will enjoy only seltzer after a hot day at work shows me that it is possible to: (1) move past the romanticized vision of evenings and alcohol; and (2) that the idea of moderation and being "normal" was just a big lie I told myself to allow me to have the headspace I needed to justify drinking for yet another day. (Me at 4pm: "If I drink this evening I can prove that I can be a moderate drinker."  Me at 6pm: "Actually I will do that moderation thing tomorrow instead.") I am pledging not to drink on my deck. Maybe you can pledge to stay sober on your porch; you have done it before and you can do it again! Be strong. Enjoy your evenings. They really are better without alcohol.
My wife can open a bar of chocolate and then just eat part of it.  I cannot do that.
We live we learn. And now you know. I've been contemplating the same experiment  but I think I know how it ends.
you arent the only one. i can moderate until my buzz kicks in then all goes out the window andddddd im drunk hungover severely depressed only to repeat the cycle again...IWNDWYT
 I'm in the same boat i can't have any alcohol.
I'm on the precipice of thinking of attempting moderation. I know how it will end...but I still think about it. Thanks for sharing. My porch also calls me ;)
Therefore my SD name......Best way to not have #3...and being off to the races...is to not have #1. Especially for those of us who are thirsty drinkers with a faulty Off Switch. Where's the upside in playing Russian Roulette with your life...which is what trying moderation is for us...for all the joy (misery) that drinking diluted ethanol can bring you. ..&amp;#x200B;..Do all google search on the effect of alcohol on neuro-genesis of the brain/hippocampus...brain cells can actually grow back. Not only does alcohol kill brain cells...among other things...it also kills the brains attempts at neuro-genesis.
I too do not do well with moderation. I was clean and sober from everything for two years..that was four years ago. I decided to put the boots back on and it wouldn't  let me go for a long time. It's just insane that if I twist a top on anything I do not stop until it's all gone! I have to be done living in this misery.  24 hours clean now. Every minute counts.
I'm with you on that one. I could sometimes get away  with one drink but I couldn't stop once I took that second one. IWNDWYT
Yeah I tried moderation for years and failed. Abstinence is the only way I can control my drinking and I have to make it my priority over everything else. I have to recommit to not drinking every morning.
I don't know who said this or where it came from but it always stuck with me...It's easier to control a tiger in a cage than a tiger on a leash...Anytime the  oh one would be nice  thought crosses my mind I ask myself if I really want to take the tiger out for a walk and then fight to put it back in it's cage. Currently I have it solidly locked away resting peacefully but that one drink is the tiny opening the tiger needs to get out. Based on how life is now and how it was when the tiger ran loose I'll just let it rest...IWNDWYT.
13 years of trying to moderate and failing every time eventually brought me back to AA and this time I got it. Six years sober now and life is great. Strongly suggest you give it a try if you really want to quit. The support you will find here is really good and the real life support you'll get at AA is very helpful as well.
You're lucky if you can get back on it again! Last time I slipped I thought no probs I'll just carry on being sober again...spin on with 8 months of drinking heavier and heavier until the inevitable mess up (again lol) and here I am! So yeah..I get it..and welcome back!
I'm another in the "oh just one won't hurt" crowd. The problem is that once I've had one it already has an effect on me so my brain can easily justify a second then a third becomes even easier and before I know it.....The first is the hardest to avoid but it's the key.
Yep definitely have been there. I quit drinking two years ago. Did great for about eight months then thought I could handle moderation. Obviously not the case since I'm here lol. I have definitely been guilty of  romanticizing alcohol  as you put it. One thing I'm finding helpful though is to essentially mimic the drink?  So like if my so and I are grilling out and I think to myself  damn a beer would be nice  I play the tape forward then grab a seltzer. If I think wine would make this night perfectI have some grape juice. If I'm craving a fruity cocktail like margaritas for example I'll drink something like strawberry lemonade or mango Arizona iced tea. Something super sweet like that. I've actually found it works extremely well (for me anyways).
I learned a long time ago it's either 0 alcohol for me or I drink until I pass out. There's no middle for me unfortunately.
Sadly this also applies to me and any form of junk food (ice cream cake crisps) and even stuff like bread.
I have moderated but it is a matter if tome until I overdo it. Abstaining is not only easier but puts me in the correct mindset; that is to say I do not sit around pining for alcohol. I practice embracing my nonuser status as I would for being a nonsmoker.
I don't think I would be here if I could stop at three or four but "a couple" didn't do it for me.  I drank to get drunk.  Once I *accepted* that alcohol could Never **EVER** be an option for me my recovery became much easier.
The thing for me is sometimes...much more often than not...I can moderate with no problem and sometimes I can't and get BO drunk. It's like Dr. Jekyll can control booze and Mr. Hyde is an alcoholic...and I don't know which one is going out that night. Best solution for me is to not give either one a drink.
Me either and it took me 6 months of trying to actually internalize this fact. Shit. ..IWNDWYT
I think all of us have tried &amp; failed (several times) at moderation.  I try to remember :  .Moderation -&gt; Invites Misery.
s a    
I had the same experience - multiple times - and when this realization finally clicked and locked in - I can't moderate and that's something that will never change - I was able to be more at peace with my decision to say  never again' which I see as a positive rather than  maybe someday' which is just misery. I hope you can be happy with your decision and if it took firsthand experience to get there then it's all for the best. The rest of our lives start today. IWNDWYT.
So many great posts here
I had to have this conversation with a couple friends in the past couple days starting this. They were saying "you like beer so just have one or two in a controlled setting" and stuff like that. I know me and one or two turns into more which turns into more even if I'm just watching TV. Will not be doing moderation
I have same issue I have no sense of moderation. I try to tell myself i can do it that I can it control again. This last time I tried ended up drinking 3 days straight starting from saturday morning with out drinking water or eating food. Im on my second day sober and still feeling terrible
Realizing i can't moderate is why i finally quit. It really is easier not to drink. I'm proud of you for seeing this too.
If I  could  drink  like  a normal  person I  wouldn't be lurking here. I know a normal drinkers who forget to finish their first  drink if they are distracted.  Anyone here ever do that.?
