-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bm6e30/i_think_i_finally_turned_the_handle_and_opened/

I've been struggling for (probably more than) a year with sayingIve gotta stop drinking and only making it a few days. No terribly bad episodes or health issues motivate it I just am tired of being less than my best tired of knowing I'm only tempted by the poison because of boredom. .The last couple of days while jogging I when I've felt myself slowing down or getting bored and wanting to say I've done enough let's go home I've told myself No! This is the hump I just have to push through this and I'll get over the obstacle and come out the other side to finish strong and proud instead of defeated! .It's been like a mental shift for me! I reach for the same feeling when I glance at the liquor cabinet and it's like I'm not even tempted anymore! Every day my body is better than yesterday and I'm more excited to see it even better tomorrow! I think I finally get the one day at a time one obstacle at a time mindset! I know I'll still encounter the boredom temptation the social temptation but I really want to focus every day on how great I'll feel tomorrow and the day after and the day after. .Let's not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Just do it one day at a time. IWNDWYT
Step through that door!! We all have bad doubtful days but when you weigh up the positives of not drinking it's easy to see you've made the rite decision.IWNDWYT
Oh man send whatever you have over my way.  I'm struggling.  Thanks for your post!
I didn't have any physical issues related to my drinking (with the obvious exception of the hangover) until this year then they came all at once.  It's startling at how quickly my health deteriorated once it started.  I've quit drinking today and I like you will focus on how much better I will feel each day and how much better it will be tomorrow.  ..Congrats on your progress IWNDWYT!
I've taken your running analogy and...run with it. Haha. Thanks for the inspiration though. For me and running - back when I was in better shape that is getting there - the first two miles were always torture. I don't care if I was running three miles or thirteen it just took a while for my body to adapt and get into gear. It was smooth sailing after that though and the miles would tick by. For me and sobriety the first two/three days are not terrible but the 4th/5th is where I usually get stuck. I'm hoping it's just like running and when I get past that the days will just tick by! IWNDWYT!    
