-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bm7jmz/is_daily_moderation_really_moderation/

Struggled with this question. If I drink daily 2-3 beers or half a bottle of wine or maybe just a shot of vodka. Never getting hammered on the daily but just enough to take the edge off. This of course followed by a few times a month having 6-10 beers in a sitting etc. Just came off of lent where I didn't have a thing without an issue but do enjoy these drinks after work. so daily addiction or healthy moderation? Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Did you abstain for 40 days? How long is lent again?
Yes. I had a glass of wine one night but other than that nothing.
It is still possible to be addicted to alcohol in smaller doses. A good way to judge the degree to which you depend on it is take an extended break and see how difficult it is. A 30 day break can really put things into perspective.
I am interested in this question as well. I am a daily drinker of beer only Miller Lite. No other alcohol except a VERY occasional Jameson's (usually twice per year)...&amp;#x200B;..There are weeks where I just have 3-4 after work to chill out. Then other times I have a couple at lunch and a few more in the evening or 6-10 with friends on a Saturday. But then I can just stop for awhile (like this week I haven't had anything and am doing fine)...&amp;#x200B;..So what is that?
It's the progression that really defines alcoholism...Every one of us drank like you do for a time...But a year two years five years 10 years we were daily blackout drinking...That's the real question. Will you still be drinking like this a year or few down the road.
It's common in our society to do this and consider it normal. At the end of the day it comes down to what you are ok with and how you feel about yourself and your habits. If you've come on this page you probably are questioning things already. Maybe look at the reasons you drink. Is it needed to relax to be social to shut your brain off to isolate etc. Do you need alcohol daily even in moderation? Things to think about but no one can really answer yes or no for you how do you feel about yourself?
The issue isn't how much you drink but what happens when you do. I used to drink much as you do and for years I convinced myself I wasn't an alcoholic because I didn't get smashed every time and was (usually) able to keep it together. But the question I ultimately asked myself was whether I was maximizing my potential by drinking in this way. And the times when I do get loaded often resulted in negative consequences...Six to 10 drinks is a lot no matter who the person is. The daily recommended dosage for adults is two drinks for men and one for women. I remember scoffing at this because I used to be able to put down four or five without so much as a dent in my behavior but that was simply evidence that I had developed a dangerously high tolerance. ..It's entirely possible to manage a stressful career without relying on alcohol to turn your head off. Good luck!
I guess it depends on how you define yourself. Are you a drinker (moderate or otherwise) or are you sober? For me - if I drink at all - I'm not sober. You can be either. Keep in mind that the road to problem drinking is different for everyone. At some point we have all slipped over the line. For me - if I was thinking this much about it on a Stop Drinking site - I would be concerned that I was trying to justify my drinking in my own mind. But that is just me.
Those amounts aren't really that moderate I think especially if you're talking about every day... I was drinking -just- one or two glasses of wine or bottles of beer each evening with the occasional night out with 4-6 pints and I would definitely say I had a drinking problem. I think there are official government guidelines on what is classed as "moderate" it's a surprisingly small amount.
I think you can call it whatever you prefer...Pursue your bliss!
I dont have an answer for your exact question but I feel like you're hinting on asking if your drinking is okay or not. Only you know. I was the only one who knew mine was an issue. I tried to moderate but that took the fun out of it so I decided to quit. I am happy with my decision and that's all that matters
I always think about my mother-in-law. She has 2 sisters all close in age. She's the youngest - now in her 80's. The oldest and she have never drank. The middle daughter drank what I would consider a moderate amount all her life. It was shocking how much older she looked than the other two. She has also been gone for a while now while the other two are living healthy full lives. I always think about that when I think about how much is ok to drink and how much alcohol does a number on us. The difference in their looks and health really was shocking.
I drank like that for about a decade then  life got harder  - it didn't really I just hadn't really formed any healthy coping mechanisms or really developed any emotional intelligence in a decade. From there it was a shallow but linear decline into heavy daily drinking 4-6 a day and double on weekends. It was no longer take it or leave it when sober (even for a month) I still thought about alcohol a lot glamorizing it. ..I can tell you that for me at 4 months in recovery it did not calm me down. It gave me a short fuse and anxiety with a healthy dose of depression. I'm much calmer all day long these days and I'm happy. ..Only you know when too much is too much but I can say I'm so much better in every thinkable way in sobriety. ..Good luck.
I think alcohol abuse is a spectrum. And there is a lot of gray area. ..I drank weekends only. About 4-5 drinks Friday and Saturday sometimes Sunday. Occasionally I'd have a drink out during the week (like every few months). ..I don't fit the stereotypical profile of someone who quits drinking. And I think not fitting that profile is what kept me drinking longer than I should have. ..Quitting for me has been based on two things - my reasons for drinking and consequences. ..Sure I drank to socialize but mostly I drank to stop my brain chatter (anxiety) to disconnect from tasks I don't like doing to cure boredom to get some  me' time to be present in body but not really in mind and to soften the edges. ..After drinking I felt depressed and more anxious I lacked motivation I didn't follow through on things I said I would do (go to the gym) or want to do (eat healthy). ..And I'd deal with these feelings (depression anxiety boredom guilt) in the easiest most frustration free way - drinking again. To me that's a cycle and I was done...So since I'm not a sleeping under bridges alcoholic why not just moderate? Because I don't want to moderate. I want to drink for the escape. And knowing that about myself was a red flag.
