-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmj1jj/homemade_kombucha/

I had a scary sitch this weekend. I tried a friends homemade kombucha. I asked about ABV prior as I'll drink what's sold in stores. He said under a percent. After a 4-6 oz serving...I felt the tingle! I'm over 2.5 years sober. I immediately handed the glass back and said there is ZERO way that is below a percent. Lesson learned. ..&amp;#x200B;..my question is this a relapse? :(
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely not in my eyes. I had this dilemma recently too while in Australia I was drinking lemon lime and bitters and then I realised the bitters have alcohol. I furiously googled about it and was worried that I had technically I had drunk alcohol again. (the % amount is negligible) I was upset with myself for being so careless. But then I thought about it differently. I didn't get drunk and my intention was not to drink. I was more careful from then on. I will still occasionally have a lemon lime and bitters if the mood strikes me just as much as I'd order a pasta dish with wine sauce. If you want to be zero tolerance that's OK and now you know to avoid it. The choice is completely yours and its only a relapse if you think it is. But that's just like my opinion man.
[removed]
Wonderful. Thank you!
We become so sensitized to alcohol that I could literally feel it in marinara sauce no joke. For the first year at least of sobriety (maybe after that I just avoided anything with alcohol  in it so I am not sure...) even something with as little alcohol as a good marinara sauce would hit me in the head give me brain fog etc. The bad new is that alcohol doesn't actually cook out of food. I also couldn't take tinctures bitters or kombucha for the same reason. IMO this is not a relapse you just learned something.
I believe relapse is about intent. You gave the glass right back you didn't realize there was alcohol in it and kept drinking. You protected your sobriety and now you have a sober reference "homemade kombucha is a no go for me"
Good lord no. You didn't know and as soon as you did you stopped.
I agree with everyone else no it is not. ..I love kombucha on occasion and considering the negligible amount of alcohol I feel like it is okay. However please be careful with homemade kombucha regardless of the alcohol percentage because there are ways that people can mess it up that can be dangerous to your health. I am cautious of it and honestly have never tried something that was homemade because of what I've read about it.
my answer: congrats on continuing your 2.5 years :)..IWNDWYT!
THIS IS NOT A RELAPSE.
No. Your good. I don't touch kombucha for that very reason. Not that its booze but it makes me fear the tingle and that will cause the relapse. ..I got mad at my wife because she put a couple tablespoons of wine in the marinara and didn't tell me. It's just how I have to be. For me...IWNDWYT
Your good.  Relapse is more a mental thing imo.  Sure the content might cause physical triggers but your head is in the right place.  Gratz on 2.5years and everything that comes after.
No way!
Homemade kombucha can not only be beer strength if left to ferment too long it can make methanol if brewed too warm.  .Source: made house booch left to ferment too long.
