-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmquwa/i_cant_keep_doing_this/

And yet I keep on doing it! Ugh. Keep taking the same path and falling in the same hole just to barely make it out and do it all over again mere days later. I seriously don't get how I can be so daft! ..Here I am wasting another day of my precious life exhausted and hungover. Not able to function. My house is a nightmare. There is beer spilled everywhere. I can't escape the awful smell. I'm pretty sure I could build a new cat or two with all the fur in the house. I haven't done sheet laundry in ages. I go days without showering. My food options are minimal at best. ..It's just a hot fucking mess! I think my mental health has been declining which is not good. I don't remember if I took my meds today. Which would fuck me up even more. My depression has been seeping in my anxiety has been difficult to keep at bay my highs/lows of bipolar have been wreaking havoc. I'm just so lost and frustrated. I'm in therapy. I am seeing my psych in two weeks (earliest appointment). I'm not just sitting here whining. ..And yet I am sitting here still struggling with my alcohol demon. I've self harmed in some fashion my entire adult life and now it's booze. Unfortunately booze causes me to be more overtly harmful at times as well and I don't want to go back there. Fuck. I just want to move forward with my life reclaim my self esteem and respect and function as a reasonable human in society. ..I'm hurting today. Any kind words or suggestions are much appreciated.    
----------immediate responses--------

Never give up. You are worth it and you will always be worth another try.
Seeing the pattern is a glorious first step. It'll be a while until you feel great but I can guarantee that taking alcohol out of the mix will improve your life. What worked for me was challenging myself to 30 days and within that time I read the books This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained. After that I was hooked!..My quality of life was so low when I was drinking. I feel this entire post. I didn't take care of myself. ..In the meantime try to tackle cleaning up just a little each day. A clean space will also do wonders for your mental health even if you can muster 5 minutes you'll be happy you did it! ..Hang in there. Tons of us have been there no need to feel ashamed.
You will get through this not because you want to but because you have to. It's not easy in the slightest bit. Tbh life never quiet makes it easy for the best of us. I believe in you even if you don't believe in yourself.
Okay that was what you did in the past. That's past you. You have no control over past you or any other aspect of the past. ..So all bits self-judgment cast aside: With this hand of cards you've been dealt TODAY you have the power to decide how to play it. You have the opportunity to exercise your own free will here--the very essence of what makes you human. Use that power of choice for what you've made the mature and conscientious decision constitutes the "good" path. Make the decision to go ONE day without drinking. That's it. One day. Not a very big deal. When you wake up the next morning take stock of how you feel. A bit more rested maybe? A little bit more energy--maybe enough to go for a walk or a jog or something? As you go through that second day try to take 10-second-ish pauses every time you can remember so you can scan yourself for other little perks like these. You'll very soon notice more energy more focus more optimism more lots of great things. IWNDWYT!!!! You CAN do this!!!!!
I couldn't quit until I lost more than I was willing to lose. Then somehow I ended up in an AA meeting. It saved my life. I have been sober ever since. ..I hope you give it a try. IWNDWYT
[removed]
When I read this book (Jordan Peterson) it said the number one thing we can do for ourselves that has far-reaching positive effects in our whole entire day is:  make the bed and get enough sleep (even if we're lying there reading).   I had ridiculous long-lasting (we're talking YEARS) insomnia but when I decided to get sober I got myself to bed early whether I wanted it or not.  Man does it ever help.  Sounds so simple but it's a genius move.
