-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmtdrv/struggling_to_resist_tonight/

I desperately want to go to store for some wine. Finals are over and I don't start work until Monday. I keep trying to tell myself I have limited days to  enjoy myself  before I have to focus on my new job. ..It's a lie. I've ruined jobs in the past from my drinking. This past semester I actually had a beer before an exam. I let my anxieties get the best of me. No doubt it affected how I did on the exam even if I like to pretend like one beer doesn't make a difference. ..On top of everything I just borrowed $50 from my mom this morning for gas and dog food. I keep trying to tell myself that a $4 bottle of wine isn't that big of a deal. ..It's amazing how delusional I can be when the cravings hit. I haven't had a drink since last Friday. But last Friday I got absolutely hammered fell asleep at a friends and let my phone. When I woke up at 2pm (with insane vertigo) and charged my phone I had texts from my mother grandmother and friends. I had told my mom I would be back that night and left my purse at home. She was convinced something had happened to me. She called jails hospitals and then the phone company to get the numbers of the last people I had contacted trying to track me down. When I got home my mom hugged and cried. I felt like an absolute dumbass. I didn't think it was that big of deal but in retrospect I absolutely understand why she was so worried. I did plan on coming home that night but when the drinks started flowing I didn't think about how it would affect others in my life. ..Well I'm sort of just venting at this point. Talking out loud about how much I need to not drink. Thanks for listening. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you absolutely should enjoy yourself by relaxing and doing something nice for yourself like getting a massage or buying a treat or going for a walk then taking a bubble bath going to watch a movie etc. Anything but drinking so you can actually be in the moment and care about what's going on around you. Best of luck to you!
This is the best place to manage a craving.  A good reminder that it's not just $4 and it's not just wine and you can get through it one day at a time.
You got this   
Just wanted to pop up and say how happy I am I didn't drink. I found a feat series that I binged on Netflix with some cookies. Got some great sleep and cuddles with my dog. Had some vivid dreams (even if they weren't pleasant... dreamt about school due dates  ) which aim grateful for because I don't ever remember dreams during my drinking days. Ok well rested and awake before 9 ready to start the day. This is the feeling I need to remember when I want to drink.
