-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmuoom/sober_for_a_little_over_4_months/

Hi there ..I don't think I have ever received more than a couple of responses on a post I've written here but I haven't posted to this sub since the last time I drank. ..I wanted to just quickly go over what sobriety is like for me. If you are currently still drinking and struggling to stop I realize how difficult it can be to get through these and how unhelpful they can be at times. This sub however is filled with positivity and if you go about this the right way you can achieve your goals of sobriety without feeling like you've sacrifice everything to make it work. If you're already sober I hope this is a reminder of why we stopped and maybe you can add to the conversation to help others in need. I really truly believe now that life without alcohol is 1000000 times better than with it. Here are some of the ways my life has improved and some changes (not necessarily good or bad) that I've noticed since quitting. ..* NO HANGOVERS..*Alright I know what you're saying. "Duh you don't drink so you're not getting hangovers. Everyone says this first."* ..True. I realize it's an obvious fact that no drinking = no hangovers but in case it's been a while since you've really experienced waking up refreshed hydrated and clear-headed let me lay it out for you. It is *amazing*. I'm not going to lie and say every morning is waking up on a rainbow because it's not. This morning I woke up groggy and generally displeased with the world. The difference is that I KNOW WHY and the reason is NOT alcohol it is NOT self-inflicted I didn't poison myself. Instead of waking up feeling guilty and feeling like shit I woke up feeling like shit and realized that I didn't drink enough water yesterday I didn't stretch properly after working out and I vaped too much right before bed time. All of those things are things that I CONTROL. I did not have an unbearable headache coupled with inexplicable feelings of dread and disbelief ("How could I do that to myself?") etc... If you're looking for a reason to stop like I was trust me this is definitely at the top of the list. No hangovers anymore. It's incredible. ..* More social responsibilities ..This one is something I am still trying to grapple with. When I drank a lot there were people that were relying on me but my approach to life was if I can make it work and somehow get through the day without killing someone or saying something completely fucked up and not completely ruin my relationship with my housemates I'll be fine. That was my daily existence. Wake up hungover go to work and do the bare minimum try not to fuck up drink again go to sleep and repeat. The thing is I could have done this for a long time and sustained it probably but it's not living. It was slow social suicide not to mention the unbelievably detrimental physical and mental maladies that were caused by all the drinking I did. ..Now I am striving to deepen my relationships with others. I show up on time ready to work ready to *add* to the conversation ready to be part of a team etc... I am present and willing to try to make things better. My life is not exactly the same I want it to be but I can tell that I'm on a path that is leading to something great for myself and others. I realize now that my being alive in the world comes with some responsibility and instead of just trying to get by day to day I am looking for ways deepen my experience and plan for the future. ..* No more tobacco..This is something a lot of people can probably relate to and I'll keep it brief. Once I quit drinking I had no desire at all to smoke cigarettes. I haven't had one since the last drink I had. It's incredible. I can't believe I did that to myself all those years. It makes absolutely no sense to me. ..I realize this is getting a bit long so I think I'll stop here but I do want to add one more thing to this post which is this- If you are truly struggling and need immediate help please go see a doctor or some kind of professional. YOU ARE WORTH IT. Do yourself and everyone else a favor and get well. If you are like me and "don't do that kind of shit" go check out the chatroom. You can access it on the sidebar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I went in there about 6 months and completely opened myself up. I was honest and forward. They talked me into becoming sober for good and I haven't looked back. Now I have a group of friends I can rely on I can support others who are struggling. I am part of a thriving community of wonderful people who truly want the best for everyone there. I highly recommend it and I wish you the best. You can do this alright? You got this. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 4 months!  Iwndwyt!
What a great post! HUGE congrats on your 4 months sober. Keep up the amazing work. IWNDWYT
I love the part you said about your responsibility to be present and contributing to the world. I find great joys in that as well. I like to hope my presence here is doing that. What I'm learning about responsibility goes something like this. ..I believe we are essentially responsible to live our lives with conscious intentions and that these intentions are to be guided by the Light of Love and Compassion. I've searched for a way to make it not sound so cheesy but haven't been able to. I'd like to make it sound cooler to those who have yet to get sober but I'm not that person anymore and all I can get out is sappy shit. Anyways. ..The ideas of Love and Compassion are really just be catch alls for most of the things that we know somewhere inside are good and right. But I think the ideas of Love and Compassion help to more directly focus our intentions on the bigger concepts so that once we have the large understanding of good and right we can start to look for ways to apply Love and Compassion in more specific and direct ways. I'm still learning exactly what this means and how this works in the context of day to day living and in the moment decisions that we make all the time. ..But I know that a key to learning this is to understand more completely one's emotions. Learning how to feel and identify an emotion allows us to understand why it's there. A certain belief about something is what will trigger an emotion. If we can grasp the emotion understand why (what belief) we have the emotion then we can examine that belief. Quite often we believe something about a situation that was true of that situation when we were children but is no longer true as we are adults. Or we may simply have the opportunity to learn more about something. With knowledge comes power and in this case that means the power to choose whether or not you want to believe something. ..Yes you can and should Choose what you want to believe about the world. Since we now see that our beliefs drive our emotions and we can stop take time and examine our beliefs; and should we choose to quite often based on new information we gain throughout life we can Change our beliefs. ..And again I'll emphasize that we should examine and possibly adjust our beliefs about anything quite often as we live. How much sense would it make to gain life experience and yet never stop to integrate those experiences into who you are? We are designed to change constantly throughout our lives. Holding on to beliefs that we had as children or young adults should not be glorified as  I'm never gonna get old  or the idea that it is weak to change or resign ourselves to the fact that we may have been wrong and now need to update our beliefs. This is Not a bad thing. This makes sense. This is continuing to grow as a person. Even alcoholic me wanted to think that I wanted to grow as a person as I grew older. But my fear in changing my beliefs held me back. And I got stuck and almost died. So now I make sure I evaluate and choose both my beliefs about the world and the intentions behind my actions. I'm pretty sure this makes my soul happy because my Me is very happy. ..Sorry a little long winded myself. Thanks for a great thought provoking post. IWNDWYT
Cheers I'm also just over 4 months sober and your experiences with sobriety mirror mine!  Except for the no tobacco thing haven't been able to boot ciggies from my life  but I hope to tackle that soon...I miss the social part of drinking a bit but the positives of never being hung over having a clear mind and feeling like a responsible adult far outweigh any desire to go back to drinking...Thanks for sharing!  4 months is a pretty big deal I think!
Congratulations on 4 months and thanks for sharing your story!
This is such a thoughtful well-written post! I really enjoyed it. I can't think of a better encapsulation of the struggle to balance drinking with the illusion of a normal existence than your entire first paragraph under "more social responsibilities and in particular this line: " Wake up hungover go to work and do the bare minimum try not to fuck up drink again go to sleep and repeat." So well said. ..Congratulations on 4 months. With a mind as perceptive as yours I am sure you can continue to come up with loads of creative ways to analyze and articulate your journey through sobriety. It sure seems like you have figured out why it makes sense for you to stop now you just have to keep up the hard work of staying on the path. Keep advancing because you know what it looks like back there....
Congrats and thank you for sharing you're words  are really inspiring go on like this you are great    IWNDWYT
This was a great early morning read.  Thank you so much for sharing.  Truly hits home.
Well said! The pledge I wrote down in my sober app one day one was "I want to feel better live longer and be happier" but now when I reflect and try and set my intentions for the day I usually ask to be useful and kind. It's interesting how much less selfish I've become through sobriety and how that has helped me repair broken relationships and form new ones and build a better one with myself. Way to go on 4 months! We are doing this together!
Thank you for this post and congratulations on 4 months! IWNDWYT
