-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bn2bu9/6_month_update/

So it's been 6 months since my last 3 month relapse/bender and I figured I would share a bit about what I've been up to and what I'm doing to remember to not drink today. ..First what I've been up to. ..Created an amazing relationship with my son. He's young and doesn't remember daddy drinking but he's happy I'm playing Avengers with him more often...Started paying attention to my wife's needs more and our relationship is like it was 10 years ago before alcohol became more important. ..Launched a coffee business. Closed a coffee business. Learned a lot and failed cheaply which was great. Rule number one in business: don't do with others what you can do by yourself. ..Took my one rep max from 200lbs to 240 (bench press) ..Dropped my body weight from 210 to 190 without losing any strength. Picked up a non liquid six pack. ;-)..Learned a crap ton about how to gain and lose weight efficiently. Currently helping my wife overcome what has been historically a very tough subject for her to succeed with. (Weight loss) ..Finally stopped experiencing anxiety and full scale depression. Started learning how to take care of my appearance and what products work for my body. (I fully believe alcohol causes and contributes to depression and anxiety.) ..Saved a ton of cash by creating an  I'm still drinking  bank account where I put the money I would have previously spent on booze. ..Repaired a number of other relationships that I fucked up while drinking. Lost some dead weight drinking buddies who never gave a shit about me anyway. ..Started working hard at my job with newfound enthusiasm. Boss is still an asshole but how I react to his bullshit is much more calculated. ..TLDR: in 6 months my mind body spirit relationships and work life have all improved substantially. ..Thank you so much to all the people on this sub. The stories and positivity here really helps when times get tough or my dumb ass brain starts saying  go ahead have a beer it's been long enough you got this this time..... 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Good stuff!
Weight loss has added to my motivation these last 183 days.
