-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnddgl/looking_for_strategies_for_my_problem_areas/

Hey guys...I've been trying to get completely sober for the past 17 months.  I feel like I finally have a pretty good grasp on what is needed to escape this trap and I have been getting pretty close on breaking free completely but there is just one problem area and that is the drive home...I'll try to be brief.   ..When I dipped back into booze at the beginning of 2018 I created an extremely powerful habit that I'm finding incredibly hard to overcome.  The cue is driving home from work.  The routine is pick up liquor and beer and cigarettes.  I then proceed to drink non-stop when I get home while smoking one cigarette after another after another while playing a highly addictive casino-like video game.  By the end of the night I feel ravenous and order some nasty food over-eat on comfort food and then pass out.  I feel like this must completely flood my brain with an insane amount of dopamine and that is why it is so hard to break...I can literally be in my car and about to drive home from work and feel completely fine and I feel fine the majority of the car ride home but then when I get about a mile away from my house all of a sudden a switch goes off in my brain and I feel like I'm possessed pleading with myself not to do what my inner demon is doing. ..I've been able to overcome this quite a few times by staying calm accepting the strong drive and then I negotiate with myself offering up other rewards like proposing to myself "we'll just have some ice-cream and watch a movie" or something to that effect.  That works for a while but it never lasts and I find myself always eventually losing.  ..This habit has been created and repeated for these past 17 months.  I feel like I'm calm the entire day and when I feel anxious or any other triggering effect I feel like I can easily manage and allow the feeling to dissipate in a healthy way.  But the drive home is a whole other animal.  If I manage to make it home Monday through Thursday Friday is the biggest bitch of them all and the anxiety usually doesn't wait until the car ride home but starts up a little after lunch time.  By the time I'm actually driving home on Friday the demon is already in control...Beyond negotiating with myself with other rewards I'm going to try a new strategy which is to fail small.  That is to allow the behavior but do everything in my power to make it less impactful.  Such as rather than getting both the liquor and the beer just stick to beer.  Or since I'm always trying to quit cigarettes and booze at the same time maybe just say to myself "you just need a cigarette" and relapse on nicotine but stay sober.  That way the fail is just a few smokes rather than a whole pack and a bunch of booze...I'm so proud of how I've at least gained the power to overcome almost any other situation.  This is the only area I'm struggling with...If anyone can offer any other advice I'd appreciate it.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. Weekends were difficult for me in early sobriety. For that reason I went to lots of AA meetings starting on Friday night. Being in a room with people who understand is comforting and I made sober friends. Often on Friday nights a group would go out for coffee so that was nice. ..I gave up trying to arm-wrestle with alcohol. It was too risky to drink anything once I realized I was an alcoholic. ..A therapist also guided me on the road to recovery. ..I found that sobriety is easier and more with help.
Can you change up your drive? Take a new way home. Do something new like grab a fancy coffee drink or a peice of candy at a non liquor store? Something to change it up. ..Is there a song you could blast at that moment that could get you home? ..Is there a reward you can give yourself at home? ..A friend you can call at that time to talk you down?..I have to get out of my head when I'm craving. Distract!
I have been reading (well listening to on Audible) Atomic Habits which is a great book.  I'm fascinated with how we can build up and break habits good and bad ones and it sounds like you know all about this since you know the cue that sets the routine in motion. What if you decided that after work you'll drive to somewhere where you can walk for a half hour or more. Then reward yourself with a splurge like a steak dinner or shopping for something to pamper yourself with. Just try to break the habit of going to the store. Spend the money you would spend on drinks and fast food on something awesome. Maybe you could break that first habit that leads to all the rest of the problem. Good luck!
