-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bne6sn/struggling_to_find_motivation/

So I've hovered around here and the alcoholism board for a while with various accounts but never really posted looking for advice. Also partly I just want to vent and tell my story. ..&amp;#x200B;..I am 33 and have been drinking my entire adult life. I have all the symptoms of heavy alcoholism except for the jaundice.  When I first made an effort to quit in 2018 I was hospitalized with severe DTs and was told by the docs that if I kept at it I would have a 0% chance of living to 40. I stayed clean for about 90 days but wound up drinking again due to job stress and boredom. I had a pretty high power job and was making great money but that all ended early this year for reasons that were not my fault or related to alcohol. The drinking probably did not help however...&amp;#x200B;..At my worst I was drinking overproof hard liquor basically non stop for three years. I lived in a state of permanent brain fog but didn't realize it until I got cleaned up for the first time. In more recent relapses I switched to vodka around 500-750ml in one sitting. At first I was drinking for the pleasure effect of the alcohol but that changed into drinking to fall asleep and waste time. Drinking while gaming basically became my entire life outside of work. My career definitely suffered as I got to be very unreliable and pissed off a bunch of people. A lot of my friends distanced themselves from me permanently. I have basically zero friends within 500 miles of my house. and my family is also extremely distant. ..&amp;#x200B;..My biggest problem in life is motivation. I feel like I've just moved through the motions of what society and other people expect me to do - go to college graduate get a fancy job buy a car etc without any of that motivation or desire coming from within. The only thing I've ever really enjoyed doing is getting shitfaced every night. There's pretty much no joy in anything that I do and I have no other hobbies or local friends. All I am ever really doing is kicking the can down the road. Since my health is so poor I have lost all confidence of going after women. After all who wants to date an overweight alcoholic PC gamer with no job. ..&amp;#x200B;..I need to quit and make it stick because I am literally watching myself slowly die and the speed is accelerating. I am starting to get tingling in my hands and feet which I have been told is due to the alcohol damaging nerves. I have also had bouts of acute hepatitis which is just about the worst pain imaginable it feels like there's a football in your chest that is stabbing you. I get the hepatitis every time I relapse and clean up again and it lasts for a couple of days. The only thing I can do is take ibuprofen and sit around the house sometimes it's so bad that I can't even get in/out of the car due to the pain. ..&amp;#x200B;..But back to the motivation bit. How do you fight this? Where do people find their drive? Since I was a kid my only purpose was to keep moving forward with what my parents laid out for me. My life was in a way externally managed by them as an independent adult all I seem to be able to do is self destruct. It probably doesn't help my cause that I was seriously depressed as a child and addicted to prescription amphetamine as a teenager. My demise is a year or two around the corner with this alcoholism crap. It's been especially dangerous for me because I live where it's cold and being unemployed I have nothing but time on my hands to waste via drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..Does therapy actually work or am I just going to waste a ton of money? I'm at least going to try going to an AA meeting this week once my hepatitis calms down.
----------immediate responses--------

First off I'm glad you're here. I hear a lot of similarities in your story and mine...As for motivation it's sometimes a daily thing for me. Some days I find it very easy to just get up go out and do my thing. Other days it feels like I'm dragging my feet just to get out of bed. For me on those days I carry myself via the principle of step 12 - service. One of the most effective things I've found that helps to quiet the insanity in my head is to be of service to others (Normies and ESPECIALLY other alcoholics). Whether I do this through service commitments or sponsoring other men or showing up at meetings or offering to help random people / my friends / my family it doesn't matter. Knowing that I CAN help and then doing what I can to help keeps me going. I'm blessed to be able to be of service to others in whatever capacity I can...I also have to remind myself that I am on the right path. The path of sobriety for me has resulted in me becoming a tremendously better person than I ever was and I've been given amazing gifts that I never would have even thought to ask for before this. ..I have personally found therapy to be of use for me. I have a great therapist who challenges me to make constant change in my life. I also have a phenomenal sponsor and incredible friends whom I can rely on for anything...Keep trying new things with sobriety. It gets better. And keep coming back.
Hi there! I can identify with a lot of what you're saying. I knew that my drinking was a problem for several years before I started trying to quit and even once I started that process I struggled with really *wanting* to quit. My drinking was a problem otherwise I would've just kept going but I wasn't experiencing the sort of consequences that I thought would really force my hand and *make* me quit. I was in huge denial about what drinking was actually doing to me and my life because I'd been drinking heavily for my entire adult life so it wasn't a change it was just how my life was. And on paper my life looked good. Few people suspected that I had a problem...Drinking screws with the dopamine reward system so regular heavy drinking makes normal life less rewarding and it takes a decent period of sobriety for that to reset itself. It also causes and exacerbates depression. So I only felt good when I was a drinking for a couple of reasons in addition to just not knowing how to handle life in general. ..I realize now that people don't quit because of external consequences. People experience significant consequences and continue drinking all the time. Or they quit for a brief period and then start up again...What has helped me get and stay sober is making a plan and getting support. Doing it on my own did not work for me. I started off by posting commenting and reading a TON on here. I started therapy. I became active in AA. I didn't particularly want to do those things but I did them because I knew that what I was doing wasn't working. So I looked at what had worked for other people and did that. It has been a lot more successful for me than endlessly reinventing the wheel was...Making a plan means that I did things every day to support my sobriety. I made a commitment to post on here every day for my first 90 days of my sobriety and I did it. Twice. That helped me immensely. I got support I had accountability and I had to spend some time every day reflecting on where I was. I learned to share honestly. But I obviously relapsed so that wasn't enough. I had to add in real life support AA and therapy. I never found motivation being on my own stuck in my own head. I've learned that I can't think myself into good actions I have to act myself into good thinking. I wasn't working in early sobriety so I went to an AA meeting every day. It didn't take a huge amount of effort - I just had to go somewhere for an hour and sit in a chair maybe talk for a minute or two about what I was thinking. And it's basically free. I kick in two bucks to the basket when they pass it around but if you don't have it it's not a biggie. It gave my life some much needed structure and with taking that action regularly my motivation and thinking started changing. ..Hope this helps!
I needed help to stop drinking. I started by getting a therapist who specialized in addiction. She encouraged me to see a doctor which was a blessing because I needed medication to detox safely. ..I hope you are motivated to get well and live. Therapy and AA taught me how to have the happy sober life I have today. I wish the same for you.
