-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnisxx/i_think_i_need_to_cut_down_on_my_drinking_but/

I'm looking for advice. ..I (23F) woke up hungover this morning. I then proceeded to sleep all day and continuously think about how tired of this cycle I am. As far back as I can remember I have blacked out at least one night a weekend (minus a handful) and have woken up feeling shitty as a result. I started drinking heavily at 17 and hung out with a group that made blacking out seem normal. Every time I wake up feeling shitty and not remembering parts from the night before I tell myself that I have got to stop drinking or at the least cut down on it. Still the cycle continues and continues. I really don't want to have to give alcohol up all together because I really enjoy having a draft beer at a pub or brewery on the weekends but I know getting black out drunk every weekend isn't benefiting any part of my life. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you struggled with commitment when giving up or cutting down on drinking how did you get over that?
----------immediate responses--------

When I was your age our stories were probably much the same.  I knew I had some type of issue with  my relationship with alcohol . ..Who the hell claims to have a relationship with a poison anyways???..If you are anything like me you will struggle for years. Sometimes being able to control and moderate and sometimes even being aboe to quit for weeks or months at a time. Something in life will lift you close to being out of the abyss. You might fall head over heels in love. Maybe more than once. I did. And I always ended up screwing up every positive thing in my life by letting the alcohol take control. Sometimes it was only for a night. It's amazing how much damage can be done in a single blackout. ..Eventually I had to lose more than I was willing to lose before I could ask for help. Unfortunately that took until I was 36 and had destroyed several relationships and a couple of different career opportunities. ..The price for me was high but the rewards for quitting and getting on with my life have been much higher.  My daughter just graduated from a major university yesterday. Debt free. I stopped drinking four years before I met her mother. I could go on and on about the accomplishments I have had since I quit drinking but that one alone made everything else worthwhile. ..I guess to answer your original question when I was finally able to quit it wasn't an issue of sticking with a commitment. It was deciding I had reached my bottom had lost more than I was willing to lose and I wasn't going to let alcohol take anything else away from me. Once I got to that point and admitted I couldn't quit I was able to. Recovery programs exist because they work. AA is the one that worked for me but each of them offer their own type os support so that we don't have to face this alone. ..IWNDWYT
[removed]
I remember hearing about how normal drinkers don't like blacking out. Blacking out is not normal and frankly now I understand how terrifying it is. So much bad shit coulda happened some bad shit did happen. Ugh. ..I read a lot about alcoholism talked to a lot of alcoholics listened to loads of sobriety focused podcasts. The more I learned the more impossible it was to convince myself I could drink. Today I know I can't drink safely ever but I abstain one day at a time.
I just quit myself a couple of days ago and for the first time said I was an alcohiolic out loud so I'm not an expert but I always knew deep down inside that if I had to even ask those questions...I  just needed to quit not cut down. People without a drinking problem don't spend their time thinking about alcohol all of the time orfiguring out how to "cut down" they don't have to come up with a plan and they don't visit subreddits or watch videos about how to stop drinking. Alcoholics do. You will make the choice when you are ready to admit that you need to and I hope for your sake it is sooner rather than later. Good luck!
;.Z
