-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnjzr8/my_alcoholic_mind_is_really_dark_right_now/

I've been on again off again when it comes to living a sober life. Longest I've gone is a couple of years and I long to feel that well again. I have a two year old daughter and since having her I've struggled tremendously to even put 30 days together. Anyways I'm at a real low with shame and guilt today.  I am really grateful that my husband steps in for me and is always there. I feel like such a bad mom. I hate the part of alcoholism where I forget all the evidence as to why I am unable to drink..... I hate this part. Inevitably I binge I can't stop once started and who knows what I will say or do. And I'm at day one today. I'm posting this in hopes to not feel so alone in this.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Mother's Day to you!  Don't beat yourself up too much. I'm right there with you but it's been much more years for me and I'm only a few days in this go around. Each day is a bit clearer but I also struggle to remind myself of all the reasons I cannot drink. Hope you have a great day!
You are guilty but not condemned. Christ took your place at the cross as a drunkard that you might live as a sober loving mother wife sister aunt  and friend. Celebrate recovery is what I'm doing now. 7 days sober. Though you should fall Christ is there to lift you up.
Uhhh with you been there.  Just make the decision and stick to it. You'll feel much better once the nagging witch in your head gets snuffed out!
We're just sick people trying to get well.  Try getting to a meeting today they are the cornerstone of my recovery.
Definitely not alone!! Hell's no!  And wanting to be there for your family and fighting for it? You sound like a great mom to me! Hang tough we got this
I'm sorry you feel so low. I wish I could say the right words to make it better and make this easier for you. If you think the way you are feeling right now is an indication that you aren't strong it's not. You are allowed to feel like this a lot of people do at times and you should know that the kindest thing you can do in this moment is not to punish yourself and brand yourself as a failure or worthless for feeling this way because that is exactly what will push you towards picking up a drink but instead accept that you are allowed to feel this way and that's ok. It's not your fault. No human is immune from dark emotions and you aren't an exception.
Two years was no easy feat! You're right the worst part is when it's been so long that you start to forget why you gave it up. I just keep setting goals. 3 months. 6 months. Til Christmas. Til my next birthday. Just keep trying to trick the mind. I wish I had more advice or better words. You are NOT alone.
It takes an alcoholic to understand another alcoholic. And it takes an alcoholic with children to fully grasp the desperate level of guilt and shame another alcoholic with children feels. I swore I'd change when my first daughter was born. Then I swore again when the second was born. They're 5 and 7 now and I've only sunk deeper into my alcoholism. I'm still a great dad and I have been uber-involved with them every single day of their lives. But I'm also a disgusting drunk who lives a secret life after everyone is asleep....You're not a bad mom you're a sick mom. The fact that you're here and haven't given up the fight proves that. We can get better if we stop drinking. I'm already getting better. I just have to hang on to those reasons I want to quit...and I have to do whatever it takes to remember the pain shame and self-loathing I felt when drinking. Coming here helps with both....IWNDWYT   
Well done for being at day one.  That takes a lot of bravery.  Be good to yourself and take care.  I have found meetings and meditation are helping me.  .I suffered very badly from depression anger and resentment due to drinking.  When I quit I was initially in a much better mood and thought I was over it. But as time passed and life happens with all its ups and downs I slipped back into drinking and my mood started to deteriorate..I know now that drinking is the biggest cause of my mental issues.  When not drinking I have to remember I am slowly healing and not to take on too much.  .So my advice is to take each day as it comes don't take on too much at once and put your recovery first.
Hey good morning! I'm in this with you today (mom of one toddler) and I'm not going to drink with you. Happy Mother's Day!
