-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnl8hs/my_addiction_has_evolved/

I suppose the sick part of me is in charge again. ..I haven't drank.  But I have been lying to myself again. I've been doing things I know are wrong. And because it's not alcohol I am telling myself it's okay. ..There's a prescription for Vicodin in this house that isn't mine but I've been taking it. 1-2 a day for a few days now. The escape is so delicious. The loophole in the rules is luring me. ..Help me. This isn't the right way. This isn't the road to sobriety. This isn't looking life in the face and dealing with my problems like an adult. This isn't what I should be doing. ..Has anyone else struggled this way? Can anyone give me a word of advice or something I can use to refocus my energy on?..I don't want my sobriety to end this way.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you can find a way to keep from taking more. You have recognized it as a slippery slope. IWNDWYT
Pills are a dangerous fucking path to mess with.  Just start fresh tomorrow. Who's pills are they?  Have them keep the pills locked up
I was in jail once in the medical ward surrounded by people addicted to opioids I would never want to go through those withdrawls.  One person literally shat themselves next to me. ..One addiction isn't fixed by another.
I've met several people in recovery who had long term recovery and then relapsed and their relapses started with legitimately prescribed pain medication which then progressed to taking it not as prescribed and not for pain and then they went back to drinking. ..My last relapse actually started with drinking and then I pulled back because my drinking was a *shitstorm* by that point. But I still wasn't taking care of my underlying addiction I just had stopped drinking and I needed something to fill the hole that booze had been feeling so I got a legitimately prescribed medical marijuana card (I actually do have a condition that it's prescribed for and I got it from my doctor) and I pretty quickly started smoking weed like I drank. I'm not even a weed person I was just desperate for the escape and I made it work. Your mileage may vary but if this feels like a dangerous path to you there's a good chance that it actually is. Well done being honest about what's going on though that's something that I did not do and it would've changed everything if I had.
I have had to ask my wife to hide things like this from me and then I added "or do drugs" to my daily pledge. It's been working. Sometimes (usually) we're not strong enough to stare at the cookie jar and not stick our hand in. Got to get it out of sight so to speak.
Do you have professional support?
