-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bno8ck/mothers_day_can_be_loaded_for_some_of_us_and/

Amidst the Hallmark hoopla there are those who have no mother in one way or another and some who have to pay homage to the same mother they unload about in therapy on Thursday.  ..There are mothers struggling with their own children's addictions unexpectedly raising grandchildren.  For those who had to give their children up (and I have encountered many in AA) it is a very difficult day...For others of us who did not get raised by June Cleaver (that shows my age) and the day creates triggers - it's ok to acknowledge that just don't pull any triggers...So if your morning is not all roses and breakfast in bed - know you are not alone.  And that tomorrow will come (it's already in New Zealand)...
----------immediate responses--------

Loaded...just not pulling the trigger.....Sobriety (and *you*) have taught me that it's OK to feel our feelings; good or bad. ..My actions will be kind - but cautious - sobriety made me smarter not foolish ;).
Hallmark needs to make some alternative cards for sure! I can think of a few for them. Lol ..Not many of us were raised by June Cleaver or I do not know many. I have learned to pick the positive out of every situation. My mom has never drank in her life and that is one big positive!..You hit the nail on the head about some mother's stuggles as I am going doing a couple of those. That is ok though because I also learned to accept the things I can not change!..I am sober and that is the best present I could ever have today!
Always a rough day for sure. My mom lost her battle with cancer when I was a sophomore in college she was 43. I'm up at 5 am this morning and headed to the gym. when I get home I will treat my wife to her first Mother's Day with our 4 month old.
Thank you for this!
Thanks for this. Today is my first Mother's Day without my mother. It sucks
Really hard day right now. My wife and I are two years into a difficult fertility process and all the ads and Facebook/Instagram/Twitter posts of parents with their smiling children this day just makes our heart drop. Our plan is to be kind to ourselves today stay off the Zuckerbooks enjoy time  with our own mothers and take it easy (and DEFINITELY not drink). ..For anyone else out there struggling with both addiction and infertility please know that you are not alone. Hang in there! IWNDWYT
Thx. IWNDWYT
Cool post Slip!
Thank you. I struggle with all the happy feel-good posts on social media every year. My mother is still around but was not there for me at all when I needed her. I feel obligated to call her but don't really want to. Today is not easy for many of us indeed. &lt;3 IWNDWYT
thank you :)
Ive come to dread this day. I haven't seen or heard from my 17 and 14 year old girls in 6 years because of losing parental rights in my addiction. I avoid most social media like the plague today.
What a lovely and gentle post -- and a great gift to anyone struggling through a Mother's Day that's less than greeting card perfect. My Mom passed almost 20 years ago and I still miss her so the day is bittersweet for me. May the day be full of love and compassion for all of us mothers and otherwise who are doing our best to show up and be present for the people we love alcohol-free!
3.30 am Australia and I no longer have my dear mother with me. But I will never forget her. She was my best friend and mother and much much more. ..A big hug to all mothers a big hug to all who one way or another who don't have a mother. Also a big hug to any who just need a hug...Take care all.  Your Friend John     
I despise the parent worship holidays. Besides the obvious commercialism behind them my parents are the main reason that I have the mental health issues I have...Both of mine are addictive/alcoholics also. Neither of them should have had any children. Between them they had three - my brother (mom's son) is dead now from heroin my sister (dad's daughter) has spent years at a time being no contact with him and I have a gut feeling as to why that I won't expand upon. Myself I've been a total wreck for my entire life and self medication was only part of that and it's all due to their abuse and neglect.  My father is a narcissistic piece of shit that snaps for no reason and thinks he's entitled to worship because he's not dead yet.  My mother latched onto him in the 70s because she was a poor single mom and he was dumb enough to fall for her...I go back and forth with forgiveness for my mother because life is hard for a single mom and she has shown me more kindness over the years than he has but he makes me wish I believed in Hell.../vent
Thank you for this. At the grocery store the cashier wouldn't stop asking why I wasn't buying flowers for my mother! She's been dead 22 years and I was so young I don't remember her at all. Eventually I lied and told him I mailed her something. Death is part of so many peoples' mother's days (everyone's really eventually) that it baffles me why some people don't seem to make room for it.
Big hugs to everyone who might be having a rough day. Mother's Day is not my favorite (I lost my mom when I was 20 which was 16 years ago and it is crazy thinking about the fact that she has been gone so long). I am incredibly lucky and grateful to have a sweet and caring MIL but it is still tough.
My mother died from alcoholism/addiction in August. Today has been incredibly difficult to stay sober. ..Thank you for letting me know I am not alone in this
My maternal mom has her own addiction problems. I just got off the phone with her and she was sloshed. I'm waiting for my stepmom to get off work to call her and for my husband to get back home to call his mom. But I've got so many "Moms" in my life. Friend's moms who have said I always have a couch to sleep on food in the fridge. I've got like 17 Moms so thank you to all of them &lt;3  ...But even though my maternal mom was gonezo and it was a tough conversation I still WNDYWT.
Hard day here... ..IWNDWYT
i got sober on mothers day last year. ..this day brings up so much for me. kind of don't know what to do with myself today but i know i won't have a drink with you today...&amp;#x200B;..in solidarity...DRNY
My mother is a narcissist. I was her scapegoat and my younger (by two years) sister was her golden child now her little clone...My mother is incapable of loving me I am only her emotional punching bag and where she gets her sick kicks from. That was a bitter pill to swallow. What helps is knowing she doesn't and cannot love ANYONE. Not my dad he was only ever a paycheck and a lesser punchbag. Or my sister despite her being treated like a princess. My mother could turn on her any time...We are all just props pieces in her chess game. At least I am wise to it. My dad buries his head in the sand and my sister is so brainwashed that my mother could shoot me in the face and my aister would say I deserved it...I am currently on the other side of the world to her and it feels so relieving. I am taking steps to cut myself off as much as possible. I cannot go full NC because I want to be there for my sister's future children...To all those who grew up in an abusive household: you are not crazy or drama queens/kings and you did not deserve what happened. If someone has to bully and abuse a CHILD then they are very sick and twisted inside. It isn't you it is them. They have to wake up everyday being them. How awful. ..IWNDWYT  
I needed this. ..We went to visit my parents this afternoon after just spending my graduation with them last night. ..I've been working with my sponsor to learn better ways to interact with my mom so things stay civil and smooth. I had been making good progress in that area until today when my mother - in what felt like a rude and demeaning way - told me to shut up and snapped her fingers at me like you might toward a dog. ..I fucking lost it. I didn't raise my voice I don't think but I said in a really angry tone that I would walk out and never come back if she did that again and that I won't be treated that way. I wanted to physically lash out - I was that angry. But obviously that's really not appropriate and I didn't do that. ..That just pissed her off more. We left soon after that. I can't say I want to drink right now (that's a positive) but I definitely don't feel good. ..I will not drink with you today.
