-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnrojw/reading_a_book/

Reading and writing were my favorite hobbies for as long as I can remember. I loved books so much that I went for an MFA in writing. Somewhere in my last year of grad school around the time I should've been pouring deeply inspired thoughts into my thesis I started to lose my grip on life to alcoholism. I faked my way through to a 4.0 passed my defense and then totally forgot how to read...I would pick up a book pour another glass of wine and tunnel vision my way through without remembering much from one page to the next. I would struggle to connect ideas and become overly critical of the little that I did understand. Eventually I didn't even bother preferring the company of alcoholics to my own solitude. I haven't finished a book in 4 years. ..BUT I just spent my first sober weekend reading a book to completion. My mind was in dialogue the entire time. I paused to appreciate well-written passages and found total joy in the experience. It might not seem like much but it's the world to me right now...THANKS to all of you incredibly inspiring people. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Great! I also have an MFA in creative writing and am getting back into reading for the first time in years with sobriety. I hope you'll tell us more about your experience in u/BelindaTheGreat's wonderful books &amp; movies post she does every Tuesday.
Getting back to reading and writing is my favorite thing about sobriety! IWNDWYT
I've always been a huge reader too including when I was a drunk. It would take me forever to finish reading anything though because I'd have to do so so much rereading from not remembering what I'd last read. And then there are books that I just plowed through though very drunk that I know I've read but I couldn't tell you a thing about. ..Sadly one thing (of many) that kept me drinking for so long was the myth I held dear to my heart of "literary types" being hard drinkers. :/..One of sobriety's many gifts to me is the clarity to truly enjoy reading again. I read 37 books in 2018. I hadn't been keeping count before but I'm betting that's a good deal more than in recent years. ..As Mary said come see us at the Tuesday thread. :)  IWNDWYT.
