-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnwqs4/didnt_think_itd_ever_be_a_problem/

Hey y'all. So I'm sitting here trying to sober up and waiting for the hangover to roll in in real time. I hit an emotional speedbump last night and decided it'd be a good idea to take my daily dose of two tallboys and fuck it why not down a six pack along with it. Not the first time I've turned the dial up to 11 in the last couple months but hopefully the last from here on out. I'm not gonna post details but I made a total ass of myself and pissed off my roommate so much he had to leave the house for several hours to cool off. Dude is awesome and I feel awful for being so selfish. When he got back I was wallowing in self pitty and of course had cracked open another beer to ease the pain and embarrassment (totally logical right?). He just walked up to me and said "man I don't think you and alcohol are a good combo." I agreed handed over the can and he poured it down the drain for me.  ..I didn't even like drinking until a few months ago. I still don't even like the taste. Never have. But it seemed like a good fix for a hard time and helped me unwind until it was the only way I could unwind. Not a great bandage if every time you replace it the wound reopens I guess. I honestly figured that I could use it and control it but that clearly wasn't the case. I've spent the last couple hours reading over this sub and it brought up a lot of bad memories and sorta made something click about why I'd crashed and burned with booze so hard. Family history and my own struggles with depression/anxiety were pretty obvious but drinking just made it so convenient to ignore all that shit and pretend I could go on without addressing it.  ..I know there's a bummer period up ahead but I also know there's way better things outside of bottles and cans. I'm looking forward getting things realigned and hope you all find footholds where you need them. Even if it's just one step at a time gotta go forward. Don't need any more reminders about how valuable and fragile friendships can be. Definitely learned that lesson last night.  ..Take care.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you have solid insight that can be your foundation. My best to you.
Welcome.
Thank you for your post! You're right that there's so much more than what you find inside bottles and cans. I hope you find all the wonderful things you are looking for. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT.
