-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bo2yve/its_been_a_while_since_ive_posted_but_here_i_am/

I passed the 1 year mark and realize every day can be a struggle. Today we lay my grandpa to rest. We were very close. I grew up 4 houses down the block. I realize every day is a test but facing the death of a loved one sober is really hard. I'll make it through (hopefully) because my family and friends are so supportive. He loved a long and full life. And started a huge family. (17 great grandchildren and 2 great great grandchildren). So today I will not drink with you. Because he was proud of my sobriety. And that will help me through the tears.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry for your loss but I am happy that you had that last year plus which I imagine made him even prouder of you today. I put my grandma to rest just over a year ago (grew up next door). I wished I'd spent that last year sober with her. I have some shame over that. Congrats on your year. Stay strong and for what it's worth I will not drink with you today.
I have to add he was a drinker and a smoker. But gave them both up (except for his one scotch he enjoyed during the Kentucky Derby). He was a great man who served in WWII and worked until the ripe ole age of 94. I will miss sitting in his kitchen and listening to his stories and hearing him laugh. I'll miss the smile he would get as me and all my 4 kids barged into his house. I'll just miss everything.
Congratulations on over a year! So sorry for your loss as I know how hard it is. We lived next door to my grandpa when I was growing up. He was the most important man in my life. It is hard but knowing that they lived a long good life helps some. Nothing fills the void but we can be proud knowing that we are living our lives in a way that would please them. They are watching over us. Take care IWNDWYT
Sorry to hear about your loss. I hope that this past sober year helped you be involved with your grandpa in a meaningful way. ...Stay strong....IWNDWYT
