-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bo3uzz/waking_up/

Hey everyone!..Today is my day off. I woke up early this morning an hour before my alarm was set and I had an impulse to go to the early meeting at my local AA clubhouse so I went. As I shared in my post on Saturday I have learned that when I have an impulse to go to a meeting I go...Part of that comes from having had experiences where I follow through on that impulse and I go to the meeting and I hear something in the meeting that helps me or I'm able to share about something that I need to get off of my chest or I talk to someone afterwards and we connect in a way that is helpful to me. ..At today's meeting the chairperson mentioned that he had an upcoming trip planned to a popular tourist destination where I used to live where drinking is a large part of the local culture and he was having thoughts about drinking there. I was able to share with him how I now feel like my drinking when I lived there really isolated me from the local culture and kept me from connecting with people and the community at large and I was able to give him a couple of recommendations of cool places to go that are a little off the beaten path. ..I don't know if that was helpful for him but it was helpful for me to remember that part of the reason why I go to meetings is to be of service to others and to give back the support that I have been so freely given in my recovery. It is not always about me and what I can get out of it and I can only keep my sobriety by giving it away. ..I also go to meetings now when I have the impulse to because I have had the experience of not following through on that impulse. I was a half-assed member of AA before my last relapse and many months after I'd stopped going to meetings but before I actually relapsed I had an impulse to go back to the meeting that I now chair. I didn't go. ..During my relapse there was a Saturday morning where I had a moment of clarity and I had an extremely strong impulse to go to an AA meeting. I was in complete denial about what was going on in my life but something broke through and I really felt like I should go. I didn't go. ..I couldn't even tell you now why I didn't though in hindsight it seems mostly like a mixture of arrogance pride and defiance. I did not want to admit that what I was doing and how I was living my life was not working. I did not want to admit that I was wrong. I did not want to ask for help or be honest about what was really going on with anyone including myself. And I still felt angry and justified in what I was doing. It was almost an entire year before I had another moment of clarity and finally swallowed my pride got help and got sober again...Looking back it's impossible to say what would have happened if I'd gotten help before my relapse or if I'd gotten help a year sooner than I did. I don't know if my life would be on a markedly different path. In many ways I feel like right now I am where I need to be in my life and I don't know if I would have gotten the outcomes that I wanted then if I had gotten help and gotten sober. I do know that I would have caused a lot less damage to myself and to the lives of others. That is my greatest regret of that relapse the damage that I did in the life of someone else...I can't change the past but I can change how I live today. Today I can swallow my pride ask for help and be honest about where I'm at. Today I can be of service to others instead of trailing wreckage in my path...I hope that all is well with you and yours sobernauts and that you are experiencing the benefits and peace of recovery. If not as they say in AA keep coming back...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for writing that. I appreciate reading honest stories. IWNDWYT
What a journey! Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT
Thanks Ginger. As always great words of honest wisdom  
Morning Sprout  
