-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bo871g/so_my_mother_is_going_to_prison/

**Tl;dr**: My mother is an alcoholic and has recently blown up her (and partially my) life. I'm an only child and we have no other family and I'm having trouble getting through it...My mother got a DUI (her second in her home state third overall). No one was hurt thank goodness. But because of her prior DUI and complications (her license was suspended at the time she was arrested) she is facing four felony charges and a mandatory prison sentence. Her hearing is this week...She's 71 and in terrible shape. She's been hospitalized 5 times in 3 years for falling and hitting her head while drunk. I've put her in detox twice   once 8 years ago once in October when I found her house in shambles...human excrement on furniture dog urine covering the floor piles of cigarette butts on her bed burn marks up the walls...just total nightmare fuel. She's clearly struggling with severe mental illness complicated by decades of drinking...Because of the above and because she's never sought help I think it's a good thing that she goes to prison. I'm writing to her judge to ensure he knows that the problem is much deeper/more extensive than she will let on (she even asked me last week to transfer the title of her second car into my name to  hide  it from the DMV and I refused). If she doesn't go to prison she'll soon die or kill someone first...I'll be the first to admit that this has all been really hard for me. I put her in detox in October completely cleaned and took care of her home then took her to the hospital in the winter when she got pancreatitis then got the call about her arrest this spring....I've started to seize control of her assets because I'll have to handle her properties find new tenants manage her income etc while she's in prison...as well as pay for my grandmother's home and take care of *her* fees....all from across the country. Plus I'll be in Europe studying abroad this summer because oh that's right I'm also in grad school! I ve done my best to keep my professors and dean in the know but I have an economics of finance final tomorrow and I'm just so....not ready. I feel like I can't breathe...I got a therapist and psychiatrist as soon as I felt myself struggling to get off the couch in October. Started meds in February for mild depression seem to be helping but sometimes / this week not at all. I'm on Antabuse too because I feel like I need help to stay sober right now. Feeling good about it except I'm using carbs for comfort instead. I'm a gym rat so I'm afraid of gaining weight and losing all this progress I was so proud of...but that's probably a separate issue.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow just being a grad student planning a study abroad is challenging enough but all this family responsibility and crazy stress on top of that? I just want to give you a MAJOR pat on the back for everything you're juggling and for keeping your sobriety front and center despite it all. I wish I had some profound words of wisdom that would help you figure out how and where to alleviate some of the many pressures you're facing but it sounds like you're doing all the right things so I'm afraid I don't. Just know that I for one am incredibly impressed with your story and think you ROCK! Hang in there one day at a time good luck with your final tomorrow and with finishing up the semester and IWNDWYT!! (PS: I'm sure the last thing you have time for is adding a book to your reading list but I've been reading Anne Lamott's wonderful new book *Almost Everything* and it might be something you could carry around for a little inspiration when you need it!)
You're amazing.  Grad school travel helping family AND maintaining sobriety...?  Any one of those things will keep you pretty busy.  Hats off to you.  ..I have toxic family members as well and here's what I've learned as a means of survival.  Do what you can but don't let them drag you down.  It sounds like you have a really impressive future ahead of you.  I know if your mother was in her right frame of mind she wouldn't want to be the reason you didn't get where you need to be.  She needs serious professional help that you can't provide and you certainly cannot enable her.  She's drowning you know what I mean?  And it's sad and you love her and do what you can but don't let her pull you down too.  You sound like a really good human being which is rare.
My goodness high five on what you are accomplishing! I am sorry you are dealing with such a lot. I hope you can turn over the property management to a competent agency at least for the time being. It sounds like you have done lots to help your mom and even though she may not see see it right now you are still helping. I hope your time abroad is wonderful. This is a time to take care of yourself and do the things you need to do. Iwndwyt
I want to send you some mega across the sea hugs for being an incredibly strong person stepping up to take care of your Mum when she's needed it and keeping up with your own care and studies too. You are amazing...Everyone else has said good things so I just want to add in what I've learnt from dealing with my own toxic family. Your professor was right to say take care of yourself and don't go to the hearing. My Dad and I have spent a lot of time helping my brother with his alcohol and prison and related issues and at the end of it I had to say to my Dad - we can sit here and talk about all of his problems or talk to him about them but he is saying the same words over and over. We have to take him on his actions not his words because he is so used to lying. We could set him up in the best apartment with a good job and income visit him once a week and text him on the wknd. But he is an adult and he wants what he wants and he can get it. So he might just fuck it all up again and we cannot stop him. We have to accept that if he weren't our brother/son we would say this guy is an ungrateful jerk and we would stop breaking our backs to help him. - and do eventually me and my Dad did that and I know we both wish we could have *fixed* him but he didn't want  to be helped or fixed. We had to step back and care for ourselves because he was hurting us. ..Sorry for the essay there short version is remember to take care of yourself first. All of us here care for you. We are right here if you need us. ..IWNDWYT friend. Xo
You're amazing
You're a fucking legend mate! Im so sorry alcohol has taken your mother from you
If I had *half* that much on my plate I'd be struggling with basic coherency right now let alone able to fully articulate my situation with meaningful details. Which is all a long-winded way of saying it sounds like you are much stronger than you think and though you might be overwhelmed you sure ain't beat. I wish you all the best and I look forward to seeing you on the other side of this. IWNDWYT
That's a lot to deal with. I'm sorry. Just reading this I know you can do it. You are strong I can tell! Remember you would never ever want to end up like your mom. Stay sober study hard keep working out and treat yourself to some extra carbs!!! IWNDWYT
You are in my prayers tonight.......you seem like a strong person.....Best to you
Major feels to this I also have an alcoholic mother who has just gotten a DUI and I can totally relate to the terror of visiting her home and seeing disarray. I am thinking about you and sending you warmth/well wishes. I go to Al-Anon meetings and they have been incomprehensibly helpful. Not for everyone and I'm glad you're seeking help but worth checking out as I've met other folks who have similar situations and it's great to connect and learn from what they did etc. Best wishes and so proud of you for keeping on and doing your best.
I've been through similar things with my dad who has had multiple DUIs and been in and out of various incarcerations and treatments for years. He lives by himself many states away from where I live...I have worked very hard on boundaries which is tough when your parent is aging...But I always think of plane crash rules: I put the oxygen mask on myself before I help him...Last time he went through a bout of drinking I just let his shit fall apart and took care of myself and my family. In my adult life he has not extended himself for me one time. I'm under no obligation to save him...He's got it back together now thanks to the the court system and a long-term ankle bracelet. ..My approach is pretty cold but he doesn't get to sacrifice two lives.FWIW...Boundaries are an option.
Hello my friend. ..I would like to say hang in it will get better. But the truth is your mum may never stop and you will see her pass directly or indirectly due to alcohol. If she does not want help she is helpless. ..I admire you for taking all this on. I just wish I could be there to help you. I feel I in your situation would have to take a good look at it all and prioritise. Take care of myself.  ..Sorry I can't help more. I truly feel for you. ..Your Friend John         
Your mom is 71?  How old are you and your grandmother?  Just curious.  Best of luck you are the rock for your family.
Reading about living nightmares like this actually help me I think. I'm not sure if that sounds bad OP but by sharing you're showing us how bad it can get. So thank you.
You have so much on your plate right now! No sage advice just I can relate my brother was mentally ill. I also had to step away or get sucked into the chaos and there was nothing I could do to fix the situation. During the absolute peak of it I was sober and I was so thankful because I'm not sure I could have taken one more thing on my plate (the guilt shame of drinking). Hang in there sounds like you are a strong resilient person - sending you peace.
Assuming this is all true and accurate damn this sucks for you. I hope you get help and I'm very sorry about all you're going through. You mentioned needing help staying sober. AA is good for that.
Please talk to her defense attorney.  They might be able to help get her affairs in order maybe selling properties she can't manage and so on...I wouldn't bother to send a letter to the judge.  These kind of charges have standard ranges and everyone with three DUIs is a disaster.  They already know that.
Just keep on moving forward my friend. That's all I can say. We all struggle and have our own paths. I really hope you get what you deserve and that's in no way a bad thing.
You are awesome IWNDWYT
Maybe you could use some of the income from your Mom's properties to hire someone to help with some of the more menial/mundane tasks (like cleaning or repairs etc) while you take care of the more important things. Probably not a good plan to try and do it all yourself if you've got school to worry about right now. Good luck.
Sorry to hear about your mom. Reading your first few paragraphs I couldn't help thinking "prison might save this poor woman". I was relieved when you expressed the same feelings. She's lucky to have you in her life....IWNDWYT  
I think you and I have the same Mother. My advice? Start fully living your life and let her handle her own problems. She is an adult even if she doesn't act like one. Maybe too you'll be surprised how much good comes from doing that. She might lash out at first mine did but it has since gotten better with time. Often people with problems like this rise to the occasion when their "support system" pulls back because they have no choice. You can still be supportive and loving yet firm with your boundaries so you aren't drowning in her messed-up life. You have a lot ahead of you it would be a shame to lose everything you have worked for because of your Mom's problems. I initially went no contact with my Mom when I realized that her problems were consuming my own happiness. After much time it surprises me how she seems to be able to stand on her own after I took a step back even though she claims to be so incompetent. I have found the only way to deal with a narcissist is to step away. My Mom actually seems to do better this way maybe yours will too. If not you can be at ease knowing that you made the hardest yet healthiest decision by refusing to enable her and more importantly you can be at peace yourself living life the way you deserve to. Best wishes for continued success I hope things start looking up for you where this is concerned.
You are doing amazing things for yourself and your whole family. I've not been in a similar situation myself but work a lot with people who are unfit to manage their own needs (a lot like your mom but for different reasons). The only advice I have is looking into a payee for your mom (or your grandmother if needed).  .  .From my experience they are generally volunteer or very affordable develop a budget for the person and stick to it. They also manage bills/fine repayments. At least it would be one less thing to worry about especially being halfway around the world. Its also nice to take the stress of being the financial gatekeeper off your back.  .  .Stay strong and sober on! IWNDWYT  
Considering your mother's illness and the fact that she can't take care of herself is putting her in long-term care after she is released an option?  Her alcoholism may be masking some degree of dementia not caused by her alcoholism.
