-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/boayp7/day_five_i_talked_to_my_partner/

Ive been drinking every day for a long time being aware that my afternoon double whiskey and a sneak refill was starting to make my productivity and intelligence drop. Ive been struggling with anxiety and that drink dropped the anxiety while it was in my hand but quickly made it harder to deal with the real life stressors...My partner drank about half what I did and she commented that I always poured a double and that I would be slurring my words on a Tuesday. But still we drank together every day. ..There were days I would wake up and pledge privately to myself that I wouldn't drink but if I knew I was out of stock I was magnetically drawn into the store just to have it on my shelf and why not one in my hand? Then honestly I would be relieved if I could cut myself off at three IPA's even though that was the same amount of alcohol in a lot of guys six-pack...Last week I had a contract job that needed me awake early morning and on my A game last week. So I thought I would stay sober for that. My insomnia had me contemplating a quick trip to a bar but I knew it had to be a double and the saying  first the man takes a drink then the drink takes a drink then the drink takes the man  is all too true for me. So I just tossed and turned barely slept. But at least I wasn't hungover! ..I made it two days but my heart beat had picked up. My muscles were twitching. I was ready for the weekend...Saturday I split a bottle of wine with someone and found that after my half was gone there was a familiar upset that it was over there was nothing else to drink. ..I had already realized I was having a problem I was hating my drinking I'm 38 and the hangover cure is a drink before noon. There were times when I turned down social activity or general fun because I didn't want to face the world and admit I was already drunk...Sunday came and a client had bought me first class which came with drinks. So I faked tired instead of meeting a group for a casual dinner. The next day after work I bought a six pack and pledged to drink only three. Near the end of the 5th bottle I poured it down the sink asking myself what the fuck is wrong with me...The next day I was back in first class getting drunk and debating myself to telling off the jerk next to me that he needs to say  please and thank you  instead of barking orders at the stewardess. But the last thing I needed was a drunken fight on a first class work trip so I sat and moped to myself and started writing through my thoughts on what philosophical failures led me to this stage in my marriage to alcohol...The next day hungover I slammed back three doubles while wrapping up some projects and found myself needing to take a nap with my boots on. Three hours later I woke up hungover from that mistake and started reading up on how to really stop myself...The next three days were really bad. I was trying to judge if the shakes would be seizures if I needed to go to the hospital. ..I just let myself go through it my anxiety was insane. I texted friends for support. ..My partner was out of town so she didn't have to see me like that and I didn't want to tell her I was quitting in case I didn't make it until she came home. I was also scared that when she got back she would have a  see I told you so  mentality or lose respect for me because maybe she didn't really notice that it got this bad since I was functioning. She loves me more than that and was supportive after our talk this morning. ..Day four was better the worst was day three now I'm a few hours from finishing day five. Im realizing the degree to which the last 7-8 years of anxiety was all just my brain looking for the next drink. ..Im posting this because I hear that voice in my head saying  see you can skip a drink go ahead and have one.  And I know you all know better...Thank you for giving me your stories to read while I was detoxing the last few days!..Hopefully I can keep getting help here and maybe be helpful too. .. 
----------immediate responses--------

My alcohol brake is broken. If I have one drink I will crash. Maybe not today or tomorrow but eventually I will crash.  The best choice is for me not to drink. ..IWNDWYT
Welcome and congrats on being on day 5!
Day 3 here buddy. This story is my life. Don't give in. I'm not drinking please join me. IWNDWYT
Your story resonates a lot with me. I can't tell you how many times I woke up and swore off booze for the day to only find myself start sneaking beers in the garage around 4 so my wife wouldn't find me. Then a few with dinner and a few when the kids went to sleep and next thing you know I've had 8 beers and it's a weekday. (All bets were off on the weekends. 15 drinks in a day was normal). ..So for me at least complete abstinence is a million times easier than stressing over trying to regulate. I don't enjoy 2-4 drinks. I love 8-10 or more and that shit will kill you somehow some way. Not today or even tomorrow but someday. ..So today IWNDWYT!!
