-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bodaix/21_days_today/

Fuck this is not easy.  My anxiety has been getting the better of me the last few days and I've been having panic attacks for NO reason whatsoever.  The day I stopped drinking was also the day I escaped from an incredibly abusive relationship and now being alone with my thoughts and remembering things I previously blacked out has me dwelling.  I know I'm better off without her but damn I'm so lonely and I don't have alcohol to comfort me. I really hope this gets better cause I'm really struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

It got better for me.  The first 3 weeks were the toughest.  Hang on!
Yeah I found that the hard part was dealing with all the things I used to drink to forget. It has gotten so much better for me. I just started taking on little things one by one and by now I have got a lot of my ducks in a row. Not all of them still work to do but the difference between now and when I started is tremendous.
When I had anxiety after a breakup and I noticed myself in the midst of it I used to take three very long slow breaths in and out trying to clear my mind then move on to some new and better thoughts at the end. It helped. One of the things I do when I get anxious is stop breathing properly so just a few good slow breast can change the pace inside me...You're doing awesome! ..IWNDWYT
Stick with it. Believe me it does get better. Try to find something to keep you busy. A hobby or something so your mind wont wander. You have removed the abuse. That is great. You can do this! IWNDWYT!
Hey. I recently got out of an abusive relationship as well. I've had a few of them and they really mess you around. This time I started taking an antidepressant for its antianxiety properties and for the first time in my life I have stopped having panic attacks. I also find as another person said focusing on my breathing is helpful. There's a 12-step group (that I haven't been to but am thinking about it) called codependents anonymous I wonder whether that might be a good outlet. I also see a therapist. Do you have support?
