-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/boogoz/i_think_i_might_be_going_down_a_bad_path_but_im/

I'm not even sure what I'm looking to accomplish by posting except maybe it's the first step in accepting that I might have a problem?..I've been struggling with myself and my brain for a while now and the past year has been really hard. I haven't worked in over a year and my last full time job was over 2 years ago. I struggle to keep the house clean I can't get dishes done. My life is centered around my dogs. I take care of them and that's what my purpose is. ..I thought I was starting to break out of this rut but then I was hit with some health issues recently and I fell back into the depression pit although thankfully I don't think I've fallen in as deep as I was before.  ..The past three weeks have been really hard. Drinking has been my only consistent form of comfort and I'm so scared to let it go. Although I haven't been drunk in a long time I think I've been in denial that because I haven't then I'm not doing anything bad. I'm now worried I'm treading into dangerous territory. I wake up and my first thought is what type of drink I'm going to have later and how long until I can have it. Today I made it until 11:30 am. Just so my post doesn't get removed that was hours ago and everything's worn off since then but I'm still probably going to have something else later. But I hate myself for it. I don't want to turn into one of the other alcoholics in my family but I'm so scared that's the path I'm on right now. Part of me thinks this is just a phase and I need to go easy on myself. ..Like I said I don't know why I'm even posting this if I'm not ready to stop. I'm just scared.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy to see you here! Have you read This Naked Mind? It's a good place to start while your drinking or not. It was the paradigm shift when I read that book that started me on my path. I quit for al it's a year decided to try it again over Christmas...and failed epically..LOL. Back on the bright side of life again. Good luck!
Hi! That sounds very familiar to me. I was in that holding pattern for probably half a dozen years before I finally started to get serious about getting sober...There were times when my drinking wasn't as bad. I drank less I didn't feel as much of an urge to drink I had more going on in my life my health was better. I've got a chronic illness and ongoing issues with depression and I know through my own experience how drinking seemed like a necessary relief particularly when I felt so terrible when I was sober...But over time the overall picture of my drinking gradually got worse. I felt like I needed it more. I needed more alcohol to get where I wanted to be. I had a harder time stopping and a harder time staying stopped...What has helped me break out of that was connecting with other alcoholics and getting support. I started on here I added in therapy I started talking about what was going on with my drinking with other people in my life and I became active in AA. Nothing changed when I was dealing with it on my own I needed to get honest about what I was doing and what was going on with me with other people who would understand. And I'm learning from people on here and people in AA how to live a sober life. I'm much happier where I am now than I've ever been in my life and I wouldn't be here without getting that support.
Sounds very familiar. I also thought alcohol was my friend and it would be ridiculous to stop. Only alcoholics stop right? But what defines an alcoholic? Society has defined them as people lying on the street having lost everything...In my case I still had a job wife etc. But I was an alcoholic as I had a hard time limiting myself I always drank more often than I wanted and I thought about it a lot. ..Then I went on a holiday and decided to stop afterwards. Because a holiday means unlimited alcohol!! Yeah. Can't stop on a holiday right? Reading This Naked Mind was my eye opener. I read it on day 2 of my holiday and quit the next day. Didn't drink again since then which is now almost a year ago...Alcohol isn't a friend. It's an enemy. IWNDWYT.
Maybe make a committment to check in with this sub once a day? You may get a little bit closer to being ready as the days go on.
