-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bosxjp/1000_days_sober/

I worked out the date a while back and put it on my calendar. 1000 days sober. ..I was almost scared that knowing it would cause me to relapse as in the past i.e. "ok experiment over I've proved it to myself and everyone else" but I shouldn't have been worried...The first 6 months to a year were the hardest. After that this weird thing began to happen - I started to meet other sober people. People began to reach out to me for help. I date and whilst I state that I am sober yet maintain that it is ok if you are not I find myself almost exclusively drawn to other sober people. ..I don't know if it's just my perspective but I think we are growing in number. ..I still suffer 'the horrors' of things I might still learn I had done in blackouts. I still occasionally wake up with phantom hangovers. But not real ones. ..I recovered my life. And I'm not surrendering that. No more self-destruction enabling of others. It's done..."I don't drink" always works. People congratulate me. People aren't like I used to be rolling their eyes and calling me boring. ..Either the times have changed or my friend group has both hopefully.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations  Just a boring sober guy  I like that better than being called stupid drunk . Iwndwyt
That's a wonderful accomplishment. IWNDWYT
Well done and cool post!
Phantom hangover? Gotta google that.....But this is great to hear. I'm still working out the (anti)social aspect of sobriety. I think education on alcohol is more prevalent and more people are  woke  to its downfalls.
Congratulations! Such a major accomplishment!
It made me sad at first how I am only drawn to sober people now...I've lost a lot of good friends who just aren't the same person I once knew...Now I'm over it though I've realized that I don't even want to know those people anymore and finding new friends will change my life.
Nice one!
I'm just at the very beginning of the journey but this post gives me hope that my social life will bounce back after the big change that's about to happen due to stopping. Thank you for this post and congratulations!
Club 4 digits is awesome! Well done!
LOVE these big numbers! Happy Birthday!
Very well done. A huge milestone. Keep up the great effort. ..Your Friend John         
Congrats on your kilosober! Now you can go by alexlovesquaddigits or alexlovestetradactyls.
