-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/boxfq3/im_struggling_today/

I have messed up my life with drinking. I especially have messed it up with school. I literally just didn't go to 2 classes because I wanted to drink. Unfortunately those classes had tests that day. Don't get me wrong  I can be a great student and I wad prepared for the tests. I honestly didn't go because I wanted to stay home and drink. I have reached out to those teachers and they are actually giving me a chance to make up my tests. I'm a year away from degree. Someone please tell me why all I can think about this morning is going to get something to drink. I need to be studying/ going to class. I'm given a chance to not completely mess everything up. Why is alcohol the first thing on my mind.
----------immediate responses--------

You are in the midst of the obsession to drink. ..When you get sober this feeling will fade. ..Remember that alcohol is a powerful enemy and is too much for anyone alone. ..Before i got sober my obsession to drink superceded everything else in my life. ..With help i was able to stop a day at a time. ..You never have to feel this way again.
Hey there - I know that it is much harder than it sounds but stay strong. The initial cravings are the worst. It hijacks your brain and you become so preoccupied with it. While it's difficult to put into words what has helped me is when I have a reaction like that and all I can think about is drinking I just have to tell myself  well I'm not doing that today  and if I suffer boredom or cravings or whatever it is I have to tell myself that is what I'm doing today. While still difficult when I tell myself NO then at least my brain knows that I've denied it for the day. If your brain isn't used to being denied then it might try a few times but stay strong. IWNDWYT
A year from now what's going to matter more that you took those drinks or that you took those tests and got that degree? Focus on the small decisions now that will lead up to the bigger picture in the future.  You only have to say no to one drink - the first one. You're almost at the finish line! See it achieve it cross it don't allow alcohol to pull you back. It's strong but you're stronger. You've got this!
I'm on day four so I'm not too far settled into to this life without alcohol. However each of those four days seem to have progressively got easier. For instance today when I woke up i didn't instantly think about drinking but rather I was excited because I didn't drink last night.  Instead of thinking about what social event or activity I can do tonight that will enable me to get blitzed I am noticing all of the sweeter things I can do if I don't drink. ..That is not to say that the addiction isn't constantly whispering I expect that deceitful fella will be talking for a while but he is just gonna be told to  shut his ugly mouth  a lot more often. ..I'm not gonna lie: even though today is better than yesterday it still sucks. But I have my eyes on the prize tomorrow and I know it'll be better than today. At this point the struggle is inevitable for me whether I drink or not. However I'm choosing to struggle without alcohol because there's a life I want to live. ..You're not alone in this struggle buddy. I don't want to drink with you today and I hope that you can find the comfort in each passing day without alcohol. With you we are all going one day at a time lifting the weight we can handle until we get stronger.
