-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bp2qv4/one_year_and_one_day/

I meant to post this yesterday but I forgot. Stopdrinking was a big part in helping me through the first months of quitting alcohol. I posted a little on a previous account but just reading the stories the good and bad and realizing I wasn't alone and that there was hope cemented my resolve. Yesterday was one year to the day I committed to quitting alcohol and I've kept that promise. If you're reading this and you're in the early stages of quitting or are thinking about quitting know that the positives outweigh the negatives (* to 0). Since I quit:..1.) I've been promoted to a position I love in charge of a place I love..2.) I'm never bloated from booze..3.) I haven't had a hangover in a year and a day..4.) I have begun waking up early and using my day to accomplish things and not just to recover..5.) I haven't gotten into an argument with my wife that wouldn't have happened if I weren't loaded..6.) My anxiety has decreased and I have gotten better at facing problems head-on instead of fighting them...Keep strong and at it. I'm constantly surrounded by booze in my industry. I regularly go out with co-workers to bars and have club soda and lime and yes a great time. I understand that not all people have the same constitution or family/friend support network as me but I never thought I could do it until I faced the demon admitted my problem and determined it was time to try to defeat it. ..I'm not saying I've beaten this thing for good. I know from reading stories here and elsewhere that to think in that manner is to think like a fool. But I think I have a pretty good choke hold on it and if you're struggling you can too. Take it minute by minute until that becomes hour by hour day by day week by week...
----------immediate responses--------

I ended up in the ER in Liverpool after falling on my own at a batchelor party. I was so scared that I'd missed my flight home as I was so drunk I lost track of days.  ..The people in Liverpool are great go out and have a non alc beer...Hopefully my story will help you.
Day by day right?!  Every once in a while that Lizard brain creeps in and starts to whisper about how I can handle alcohol.   Total lie!  ..Congratulations on your one year and one day!..IWNDWYT
Very well done. Together we can do this...Happy Birthday           ..Your Friend John.
Well done!
