-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bp50nd/trying_to_take_back_control_after_a_nearly_6/

I posted back in December 2018 about relapsing on a business trip. I had a year and a half and allowed the moment and the pressure to convince me to do. When my coworker asked me "You're not an alcoholic are you?" I wish I had just replied "Yes I am and I don't need to drink tonight."..I've been drinking "moderately" ever since having a few beers after work with friends every now and then. But I've also blacked out several times since then and each time felt that same old shame and anxiety. ..I most recently blacked out last Thursday and ended up feeling like crap the entire next day. Instead of enjoying my brother's graduation I focused on keeping it together. I know I can't moderate but I'm finding it so difficult to get back the enthusiasm I had for sobriety when I first quit almost two years ago...I could use the support of this sub now more than ever. I'm on day 6 again and want to maintain my sobriety. If anybody else has experience trying to come off a lengthy relapse any input is welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

Day 1 here. Started drinking heavily again about two months ago after being laid off. Haven't really made any progress finding new work...Got to start taking sobriety seriously again. To much wasted life.
After 5 months of sobriety I relapsed for 2 months. It's like all the progress I made went right out the window. I'm right there with you taking it one day at a time. The anxiety is easing up heart burn is lessening but the constant bloating feeling remains the same. Not sure where I am going with this other than to say you are not alone my internet friend! Keep up the good fight
 But you're not an alcoholic  was the response I got after sharing my addiction with someone.   I had been sober for a while. ..Led to a total downward spiral.  I convinced myself I was normal.  I am not.
Keep at it. You know you can do it.  For me I got sick and tired of the relapse and a few weeks ago got back on track.
Oh no! My back story is too much for me to repost but its all in my post history. To sum up I relapsed after 1158 days sober. That is 3 years 2 months &amp; 3 days sober. I let the relapse go on for over 7 months during a very traumatic time in my life. It almost killed me. There was an ambulance involved for Gods sake. I did permanent physical damage to my cute little face. The surgery was not covered by our insurance &amp; cost me over 6G. I lost the privilege of spending time with our granddaughter. My Husband of 36 years moved out for 4 months. Grown sons barely communicated. Well the younger one 23 then he stayed fairly involved. Don't do what I did. There is not cocktail worth what I put myself through. My Sobriety fell apart so fucking fast. Within 10 seconds I was right back where I had started in 2013. No drink was worth all that. Husband came home to me Kids eased up. After a few months I was  allowed' to see my granddaughter &amp; even take her in my car.  **IWNDWYT!!!**
You are not alone and I will not drink with you today.
I am in the same boat... it gets harder maintaining sobriety everytime you relapse and 2 years ago before I knew I had a problem it felt so easy and got 7 months no problem...
