-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bp8m6h/11_days_sober/

I'm 18.I'm also a binge drinker. ..I've grown up in the punk scene. I claimed straightedge when I was 13 and 14 but let my anxiety and depression and a lack of coping mechanisms get the better of me and started drinking far more than is healthy for anyone let alone a high schooler. I was drinking in class alone at home at shows and it certainly affected my life. I think I've missed out on so much and probably permanently damaged myself. I sobered up for a few months from late into my 16th year and into the middle of my 17th after meeting someone. I fell in love and when we broke up I relapsed hard. My grandma died on Christmas Eve last year. School hasn't slowed down. I haven't had the time to process any of it to the extent that I need to heal to. And so as a result I've been getting consistently blackout or close to blackout drunk a few times a month since October. A couple Saturdays ago I blacked out at a show my band played. I don't remember any part of our set- I was that gone. I doubt it was very good and I'm certain I embarrassed myself in front of my friends and a lot of strangers. I booked the show too. I had to have someone else fill out the paperwork to pay out the bands because I could barely form a sentence that I didn't slur and trail off. I probably puked a lot. My parents caught wind of it. ..And the worst part is that this has all happened before...Today is 11 days of deliberate sobriety for me. They've been really difficult. I felt my heart rate go up just being around the Costco liquor section. I'm scared to hang out with my friends because liquor is usually central to a lot of our gatherings. I feel like I don't have a way out for any of my super negative feelings- knowing full well that my preferred outlet is killing me quicker than I'd like to admit to myself. ..I won't drink with you today.Thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

It's tough.  You're tougher. Hang in there it's worth it.
Welcome! For me I had to quarantine myself for a while to stay away from triggers.  But after a while I realized I wasn't doing anything fun. I was about 30-50 days sober when I realized how important it was for me to get out and create positive sober experiences. It once was a trigger but I made playing music a major replacement for drinking.  Music can be such a great outlet. It helps to not play with people who drink a lot of course. You're on a good track. Keep it up. IWNDWYT
Welcome and congrats on 11 days!..There are many paths to sobriety - SMART online refuge recovery even AA for Young People...We have a ton of valuable resources here at r/stopdrinking - let us know how we can help ;).
great that you made a good decision for yourself not for others for you! you can do this ;)
IWNDWYT.
[removed]
I'm 20 and began drinking around the same time for some of the same reasons. Fell in  love  just as you did and began my drinking again after we broke up and tenfold too. One thing that helps me is the thought of how we're are still young and that if we quit now we won't have to go through some of what the older people on this sub have gone through. I've also found along with a lot of others here is that their anxiety has reduced significantly after they stopped drinking (it will take a couple weeks). You and I may have lost some of our highschool years to booze but let's not let it take the next 60! If you need anything feel free to HMU! IWNDWYT
The punk scene normalized heavy binge drinking for me. Started when I was 15 and only realized in my late 20's how misguided that way of partying really is. You're lucky for catching this at such a young age.
