-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpdyta/a_real_week/

Hey there friends 32 year old female struggling with very heavy drinking since I was 20. Before trying to slow down I would drink any amount of vodka that a bought easily with in one or two days. So of coarse my life was run by alcohol...I first got on here just after reading This Naked Mind and after many attempts at not drinking. I feel I have many in my club for this. Today marks what I call a real week without drinking. I drank again once after my first post and reset myself...This time I do feel it for real I hope that this feeling lasts or at least the reasoning behind why I have this feeling stays in my head. I maybe being over confident but right now I just feel it differently. ..For me I think the thing that really changed was mentally flipping what I thought of as a need to stop to better my situation in the long term rather than gratifying the itch to drink in the short term.  Now I think of it as bettering my life in both terms not thinking that if I don't drink today I will feel better tomorrow but think if I don't take a drink today or right now or whenever that I will feel better in an hour. Remembering what really happens even in the short term: that I check out as soon as that first drink is there. In that way I don't feel deprived and I strangely don't have cravings this time...My dreams have changed as well before this week even in my other attempts at sobriety I of course would have alcohol relates dreams but they were always stress dreams looking for alcohol. Now I have dreams of having a beer and immediately regretting it waking up relieved that it was a dream...Only a week but a different kind.
----------immediate responses--------

What a difference a week can make!  Proud of you!..IWNDWYT
You can do it. ..I suggest another book called  alcohol explained ..Very interesting and informative. It tells you the poison alcohol is. ..IWNDWYT  
That's amazing about your dreams -- they show that you're healing! Your unconscious mind has put things together and is reminding you.
