-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpesss/really_want_to_leave_work_and_crawl_into_bed/

Hi everyone...&amp;#x200B;..I am so tired.  There is nothing physically wrong with me except that I am having some minor physical withdrawal.  I want to go home and crawl into bed and cry myself to sleep.  I don't want to work.  ...When I drank I would come to work totally hungover and find the wherewithal to power through the day often being highly productive.  I am really struggling with my lack of motivation this morning.    ...I am one of three partners at my firm and people depend on me.  I don't like the thought of letting others down so I am having a tough time giving myself a break and going home.  Also my hubs is working from home today and the housekeeper is coming so there is no refuge there.  And since I haven't told hubs that I am quitting drinking yet I can't even explain to him why I'd be coming home.  I'm stuck at work.  May as well distract myself with some work.  Thanks for listening while I thought through the practicalities of going home.  I think I'm going to take a quick walk around the block and get some air.  ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I completely understand and felt that way yesterday on day 2. Today I'm feeling better more productive but I still would rather curl up in bed. I've been doing some reading and I think this is part of the process. Our bodies detoxing if you will. Hang in there! IWNDWYT
Rock on sister but get on out if there and go home to bed if you need to. It's really important in the beginning to put your recovery first and I think proper rest falls under the recovery category. I was a total zombie for the first few weeks dry sleeping like 12 hours a day. During my last decade of drinking I would just pass out every night and then wake up restless and miserable at 3AM when I started to sober up so When I stopped and didn't have the alcohol to knock me out I was exhausted! Now I sleep like a baby and am actually alert during the day. It's awesome and you are almost there!!
I felt like I needed to change all the ways I was doing life when I first quit drinking. You said you usually power through with a hangover...I did that too but in the first few weeks of sobriety I decided I was finished with acting strong when I felt weak. I needed to crawl into bed cry occasionally lose myself in podcasts and long walks because in all my years of drinking I didn't let myself ever do those things. Give your mind and body some time to heal. Be gentle with yourself. IWNDWYT
My first month was an absolute mental rollercoaster. Many days I couldn't do more than stare at the ceiling could barely hold a conversation. I was lucky in that I was not working full time and when I needed to could indeed just stare at the ceiling half thinking half not. Can't imagine the difficulty of being in a leadership position...I found being honest with my loved ones to be so important in the beginning those first steps into the unknown are easier when the people around you know to back off let you heal and process and definitely not expect you to be your usual self. Even if you can't take actual time off from work you can take time off from being "on" and let the people who love you support you in that way. And if it is possible to take time off from work -- do it! Every moment you can devote to being good to yourself in a healthy way and aiding your sobriety is a moment well spent no matter what anyone else says.
