-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bphziu/im_scared_i_might_relapse_tonight/

Tonight I'm going to an old best friends house to catch up and she already suggested drinks. She doesn't know what I'm currently going through but I'm planning on explaining once I get there. ..I know she's not going to pressure me into drinking she'll be completely understanding if anything but I just don't trust myself around alcohol. For the past 6 hours all I've been able to think about is how I'm GOING to drink tonight I'm not strong enough to handle this. ..I keep telling myself  you've been sober for 4 days you can handle just ONE drink for old times sake.  Knowing damn well I can't handle one drink because one drink always turns into 5+!! ..I don't want to tell her she can't drink around me my sobriety is not her responsibility. I'm at a loss right now.
----------immediate responses--------

In early sobriety I stayed away from drinkingf situations.
In situations like this I fast forward to tomorrow. How will I feel then? After drinking I'd feel awful. After a sober night with friends watching them drink WHILST I DIDN'T?! I'd feel like a king!..I tend to try and avoid these situations in the first place but I'm only 2 weeks in so it's early days for me yet...If I was visiting friends tonight I'd take a big tub of Ben &amp; Jerry's and Morello Cherry Lemonade and chill. Again if I was tempted to drink I'd think of tomorrow and being hungover depressed anxious and guilty. It's simply not worth it for me not for just a few hours of fake pleasure...You got this.
I'd recommend maybe texting her first "Hey not going to be drinking tonight because I'm on some antibiotics" or similar. It removes the pressure from you when you arrive and she's waiting with a bottle of wine on the coffee table or whatever. If you've set the scene (you can tell a little white lie about why you aren't drinking if it makes you feel more comfortable; you can explain the real reason in person) it should be easier for you to stick to it.
I may just do that. That way when I walk in she's not waving bottles in my face ready to pour me a drink that I will gladly accept. Thank you :)
U got this!! Also wouldn't hurt to get your favorite soda or  milkshake from the gas station beforehand and drinking that all night :)  those work best for me!!
I have to always remember that I am staying sober for ME! I fade the consequences not my friends not my SO not my colleagues. I face the pain and the anxiety and the horror that is addiction...I've never woken up sober and wished I had drank the previous night..You got this! IWNDWYT!
I hear you! I cannot be trusted with alcohol. But I can be trusted sober and that means a lot. You can get thru this day sober and we are all here for you in SD.
