-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpkczg/not_an_alcoholic_but_struggling_against_genetics/

My family has multiple issues with alcoholism across multiple generation (father grandfather brother cousins uncles etc.) I have always been aware of my risk factor and try to keep my drinking down. I drink socially with friends on weekends but probably more than I should; 5 tall boys of strong beer (I am a 200 lbs male though). Recently I've started having a beer or two after work maybe twice a week...I know this doesn't sound at all like an issue (my father probably drinks 5 beers + scotch on any given weekday) but the cravings I have are so strong. Like all evening I've been craving a beer and it's taking effort to not drink it. I know if I give into my cravings all the time I will inevitably go down a bad road.  ..I just wondered if anyone else is/was in a similiar place?
----------immediate responses--------

I also started out with not drinking much...until I was.
[removed]
That's where I was in my late 20s/early 30s. You are correct about that bad road. And if you're already finding it challenging to fight off cravings you are right to be concerned about your future relationship with alcohol. ..I was able to keep it to 2 or 3 a few times a week with an occasional weekend binge for a long time (years) but the daily urges got harder and harder and then nearly impossible to resist. ..Here you are visiting us at /r/stopdrinking. Perhaps you'd like to try out sobriety for a while and see if it improves your life? A lot of people get great benefits from taking a month off whether they resume drinking after that month or decide to stay sober.
In general a red flag is  having to make rules about your drinking.  When how how much etc.
Alcoholism runs in my family too. Both of my grandfathera on my mom and dad's side were alcoholics and I know my dad struggles with it too.  I have always had it in the back of my mind I could be too.  I was always able to control it too... Until I couldn't.
