-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpngff/did_anyone_else_really_struggle_to_come_to_terms/

I've experienced all these negative consequences as a result of my drinking and drug use. I've been in jail hospitals experienced job loss suffered relationship and financial strain. ..I can say 1000% that substance abuse caused problems for me and that the way I was living wasn't healthy. ..But where I get stuck is - do I need to abstain FOREVER? Or can I handle drinking in moderation and just monitor myself to make sure I don't go back to how I was?..And I don't know the answer. I have no clarity within myself and I get completely mixed responses from friends and family who know about my issue. ..I started drinking every day again about a week or so ago. But I am drinking far less than I did before. ..I feel so confused as to whether this is even an issue that I need to address. ..Thanks if you read all this. I'd love to hear other people's advice/experience with questioning their own addiction.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're wondering if it might need to be addressed then it probably does (at least in some form).  I've heard this said here a few times and it rings true...Everyone's relationship with alcohol is different.  For me I never had any legal issues or major relationship problems caused by drinking.  However I realized I relied on it a little too much for social situations.  It also caused me to not sleep well and increased my anxiety.  ..Noone else would call me an alcoholic.  However I am comfortable in labeling myself as such.  It's not nearly as extreme as many have to deal with which I'm thankful for.  However I know I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol and that I am better without it.  So that is what I strive for.  ..I don't know if this helps you at all.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Good luck.
Your post starts out like you know that drinking causes unnecessary obstacles in your life but then you start to question if you really have a problem. ..For me I did the same thing I would down play certain things that happened in life or try to bring up the good times to overshadow the bad. Honestly it wasn't until I sat with my own thoughts I looked back on 15 years of drinking and said I've made my own life harder then it needed to be I personally saw what alcohol has done to my family what it has done to my relationships/career opportunities/finances/physical+mental health. All for what a few hours to party the pain away essentially poisoning myself. I played with fire for too long. I wasn't an alcoholic I was the party starter the life of the party the social butterfly until I wasn't. I was just a charismatic alcoholic who wanted to not be alone with himself. ..When it's only you with your own thoughts looking back at everything you will know your answer. Only you know the answer on how you want your story to be told. Good luck on your personal journey friend.
I do not use that label as I find its meaning unclear and unhelpful.  Use any label you like but as for myself I did not use today and I hope not to use tomorrow but I will worry about that tomorrow. There is only one day.
I went through the same questioning of my problem as well. I'm going to stick with alcohol here as I have no experience with other drugs. ..Did I *really* have a problem? I like to think I'm a smart guy surely knowing that I drink too much is enough for me to moderate right?..What I came to realize is that just the fact that I had to spend time and energy thinking about how to moderate and be a "normal" drinker actually meant that I never could be. Normal drinkers don't have to think about moderating they don't have to think about *how* to be a normal drinker they just are. ..I also realized that if I'm being truly honest with myself I don't actually want to drink normally. I'm simply not satisfied with casual drinking. For me beers 1-8 is just the pregame warm-up before the real drinking starts. I crave the oblivion and anything less than that is a waste of time and money...The thoughts of moderation are simply my addicted brain trying to sell snake oil to my rational brain.Trying to sweet talk me and convince me that one or two drinks will be completely satisfying when in reality it's looking for some way *any* way to drink to oblivion like I used to but without any of the consequences.
Every time I ever failed to stay sober it was because I had not learned yet that I am an alcoholic...I would always try to drink in moderation and it would turn into me drinking way too much until I finally could stop again...I embrace being an alcoholic I have a great excuse to just nope the fuck out of all drug use because I can't handle it...Some people don't like the label but if you aren't abusing any drugs who gives a shit if you're an addict or not? That's not what you will be remembered for.
I don't find the label 'Alcoholic' remotely useful.....It's vague negative stigmatizing somewhat outdated and it's not a binary Yes/No Us-vs-Them thing anyway......Me I had a severe [Alcohol Use Disorder](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uodvf/scoring_top_marks_on_the_alcohol_use_disorder/) (the modern medical term) which I no longer have because I don't drink.....I know exactly how I could *get* an Alcohol Use Disorder again *really* quickly though!..If I was daft enough to start drinking again it would be the same inherently-hard-to-moderate addictive drug interacting with the same brain that can't handle addictive mood-altering substances in moderation... the results would be entirely predictable!..I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..No human being should drink every day it's simply not healthy and it's an extremely slippery slope... ..Best of luck with whatever you decide to do!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
To me labels arent necessary.  I am not defined by my behavior.  Recognizing and admitting to ourselves that we have a problem is one thing but it's not necessary to walk around with a scarlet letter by giving ourselves a title.  ..I struggled with moderation for a long time.  Too long really.  I was a problem drinker and no amount of monitoring deal making promises rules etc. ever effectively got me to moderate my drinking.  I'd have bouts of success here and there but I'd always go back to the bad behavior.  I used to think that there was something so special about alcohol that I just had to find a way to keep it in my life.  It's as if it belonged in an emergency survival kit or something.  What does that say about my relationship with alcohol?..When it finally clicked in my head to simply stop drinking I found that things got much easier.  Kid you not I find it far easier and far more enjoyable to abstain than to moderate.  I really do.  Life is so much better for me sober than drinking.  I wish I had done it years earlier but better late than never.  It was me pushing back against the idea of abstaining that prolonged my alcohol abuse.  ..And regarding the word 'FOREVER'; yes it is intimidating but we don't have to concern ourselves with forever.  We only have to address 'today'.  Should I worry about having a beer in ten years?  I can worry but what's the point?  I'll deal with ten years from now when ten years from now arrives ha.  ..Good luck!
 Forever  and  Never  were mental obstacles for me.  ..I couldn't visualize  me  in settings that didn't include alcohol.  My mind would whisper  You think you can go the *rest of your life* without having a glass of wine?    You think you can NEVER have a glass of wine?  HA !! ..Then I remembered I am NOT the voice in my head.  I am the person who can HEAR the voice in my head.  Sometimes it tells me useful things -   look both ways before crossing the street' and  wash your hands before you eat' and  don't stick that fork in the electrical outlet!' and others ..   Many times it lies to me.  It tells me things that either are not in my best interest or are out and out LIES... Never  and  Forever  are imaginary constructs made up by humans.  The universe doesn't recognize  never  and  forever .  I'm not aware of any other species that considers  never  and  forever .  Nature sure doesn't...So when my mind tells me something that has any reference to  never  or  forever  it is LYING to me!..No human has ever done or not done ANYTHING for Forever.  I won't be the first.  I suspect you won't either.  ..All I have to attend to is Today.  I can't drink or not drink yesterday or tomorrow .  Or next week or last year or on the 4th of July.  All I can do is not drink today.  Pretty easy.  Now overwhelming...Whadda ya think?
