-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpobll/i_dont_know_whats_different/

109 days. I haven't drank for 109 days. I struggled for 13 years poisoning myself.. I tried once 6 years ago for 30 days and that was it. Drinking everyday was so normal for me..I'd wake up with hangovers telling myself that today it would be different but I'd always end up at the store buying my beer. .I won't let this happen anymore I'm going to keep going and won't look back. ..I've been a lurker here for a while and never posted but tonight I felt like sharing. I'm not a very talkative person and don't normally share stuff like this...I hope you all keep at it you can do this. ..I may not reply because I'm going to bed my favorite thing is knowing I won't be greeted with my antics from the night before lol...I will not drink with you today. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 109 days! So wonderful!
Your story sounds so familiar to mine. I have been trying to quit drinking since 2007 ...  12 years of Day Ones. Congratulations on 109 days! I don't know what's different either ... but I'm so glad you gave it ONE MORE TRY! Never give up! IWNDWYT
I continue to try and fail. You give me hope I can get through this pain.  Thank you.
Perhaps you have experienced what I did a sudden spiritual awakening. The need and desire to drink was gone and life became so much better. ..Your Friend John         
Hello! Thank you for sharing :) congratulations on 109 days that is amazing. ..For me getting sober kinda felt like a break-up that I had known for long that was coming. Kinda tried to give alcohol a few last chances see pro's and con's. Eventually I was sick of it. I knew I couldnt go on but scared to be without. Such a relief now to be free of it. Sure Im still very careful  as I now there is always a possibility to "get back with the ex" so to say. But every day that passes I feel so much stronger and happier without alcohol.  ..Keep going! You are doing great. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats! Like the other comments it is the same thing for me this time too. I have tried to give up drinking for
