-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bppfku/im_dancing_to_stay_alive/

Hello fellow Sobernauts hope you are having a fantastic day!..I'm now in my mid 30s and started to abuse alcohol when I was 16 years old. I'm now sober for almost 10 months.  ..Last year I got diagnosed with [avoidant personality disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avoidant_personality_disorder). It's one of a group of conditions called anxious personality disorders which are marked by feelings of nervousness and fear. People with avoidant personality disorder have poor self-esteem and an intense fear of rejection and being negatively judged by others...I love to be around people but I'm afraid of their rejection their presence and care way too much about what they are thinking about me. So how did I solve this conflict of loving to being around people but being afraid of them? Exactly booze! Lots of it! Fifth of vodka a day no problemo...I wanted to quit but didn't know how. So I've started with my first therapy to actually identify the reasons why I was drinking and I can tell you it changed my life. It was hard but worth it!..So what's the worst a social anxious person can do? Exactly: Dance in front of people. So I fucking did it because I knew If I wont dance I'll drink again. Harder than before maybe even till death. ..I've started with salsa classes 4 months ago. I'm 250 lbs a mix of muscles and chocolate but I can move. It looks funny some people are laughing others compliment me but you know what? I've started to NOT GIVE A FUCK! I dance I enjoy the moment and I enjoy the freedom of living in the moment the freedom of not needing booze anymore for nighttime activities for meeting people for dating girls for being the person I am. I'm starting to accept and love myself how I am...So anyone out there reading this: You can do it. I've failed so many times started to stop drinking every now and then but failed. But every relapse also helped me to identify why I was drinking. The moment of clarity and euphoria when being sober for a few days is a great opportunity to get things moving. So give it a try! Join me on the dancefloor ;)
----------immediate responses--------

My psychiatrist told me that anyone who misused alcohol/other drugs definitionally has avoidant personality disorder
I'd recommend you to take classes of  merengue  as well. Those are very energetic and funny. Congrats on all your achievements.
You go! So great that you're doing you and who gives a flying F*#% what anyone else thinks!  ..I can relate to your feelings about worrying too much about what people think. I've never heard of avoidant personality disorder but I am going to look into it. ..Proud of you for doing what makes you happy!! Thanks for the inspiration.
 Mix of muscles and chocolate  Love that! Made me giggle thank you.
This is awesome. Thank you!   keep on dancing! :)
To me there is something very attractive about someone putting themselves fully into whatever activity they are doing. Good for you bustin the moves!  I wish i lived closer to dance classes. :)
Whelp today I learned I have a mental disorder.
