-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpxuez/not_the_outcome_i_wanted_but_at_least_its_clear/

I have been struggling for many years with my drinking in excess on too many occasions.   I dont recall when I heard this or if I read it but it boiled down to  can you stop if you wanted to ? So it began and I had made some progress but in the end it was one failure after another. No epic fails just committing to not drinking and then the first tiny challenge I fold like a lawn chair. .I am so impressed by the people on this sub who share their stories of victory over this poison. You possess a very special quality for sure..The clarity came in that I dont try hard enough and without that I will always fail. .This is not to be a woes me post as there is some comfort in this realization.  .Be proud of your achievements in this ongoing battle and be strong.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah once I realized I had to live with a zero alcohol policy it made my path to sobriety easier. Not easy but easier. I do something for my sobriety every day. Don't want to obsess over it but don't want to forget. Good luck and hang in there.
I had to smile at your lawn chair comment.  I'm going to start using it.:). And I found that once I realized I didn't have a handle on my drinking I needed some help.  For me that was this sub reading up on addiction listening to books (This Naked Mind was the best) and following sobriety pages on social media.  I also stopped following anything to do with alcohol.  It is helping a lot.  Good luck to you.
I chuckled at the lawn chair comment...I would have sought help if I had not been able to do it alone.  Many people on here have done that.
I really relate to this. I fold like a lawn chair too! Does my head in because sobriety feels so good when I can achieve it. There's a split second where I teeter between caving and persevering through the craving that determines my level of self-worth and wellbeing for the next 24 hours. It's crap. It's such a crappy poison.
