-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bq4ge2/i_need_to_get_better/

Hi all it's been a really rough past year or so. I've struggled with alcohol since 18 (I'm now 28/M). Within those 10 years I've been to rehab attended AA etc but have only managed to stay sober 1.5 years in that time. I feel like it has only gotten worse and everything in my life is crumbling. This disease has torn me to shreds and I'm defeated and heartbroken. ..A few years ago I moved across the country to be with my boyfriend as we had been in a long distance relationship. Being away from home away from my friends and family was very difficult for me. So difficult to the point where I believe I've been depressed (not to mention I've been codependent on my partner during this time and have struggled to find work/my passion). I felt bad for feeling this way because I had just moved to be with my partner. I just kept thinking WHY AM I NOT HAPPY?? Things with my partner and I have gotten so bad as a result of my drinking and me missing home that I decided last week to pack my things and move home. ..I felt like I needed to move back home with my parents to have the support and to feel comfortable in my surroundings to focus on my recovery/figure out my life and what I want to do with it. My partner travels for a living and the more I was isolated 2500 miles away from home the more I drank and couldn't grasp more than a week of sobriety. The vicious cycle happened over and over. ..It's so difficult because my partner and I love each other very much but I just know that I want to be back home in Michigan. I feel like I need to focus on me to make me happy and figure out what I want to do for a living. I hated the feeling of being codependent financially and emotionally with my partner. I have no idea what the future holds but I'm hoping something is in store for me. I feel way too old to have not had any sort of career or understanding of what I want to do. It's so painful because I want to be with my partner but I know I can't be in the relationship until I'm healthy until then I can't offer much and that's not fair to him. I'm hoping down the road we can rekindle things. I'm so angry that it's come to this that alcohol's goal is to destroy lives. It's not fair but I need to get over that and just move on. I'm about to hop on to a SMART recovery meeting but feel I needed to just get my thoughts out and share. Thank you for listening I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

PS badge is incorrect I am on day 2.
One thing that helped me more recently is practicing non-judgement/mindfulness. What that means for me is not getting angry with myself for having thoughts that I can't really control. Because then it just feeds into the self loathing and depression that drives me to drink...It seems to me that some of your frustration comes from not being happy when you think you should. These "meta" emotions have a big impact on us. So rather than beat yourself up about it ("why am I not happy") it's healthier to observe nonjudgementally "huh. I am not happy. I wonder why it seems like I would be". The hard part is to not judge yourself and be mean to yourself for not being happy while you explore your options...You've got this! IWNDWYT
We all must heal ourselves first before we can be there for anyone else. You have to do what is right for you in order to get better. Good luck IWNDWYT
Addiction is a corruption of the pleasure processes in the brain. The dopamine processes that influence pleasure can get altered by constant alcohol use.  Other pleasures start to fade and the only one you want is alcohol. Some people experience a condition called anhedonia when they quit. An inability to feel pleasure. Sometimes this lack of pleasure feels like depression. Try doing some research and see if this helps you.
