-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bq7c1p/tired_of_being_tired/

I've been struggling with my relationship with alcohol for the past few years. The past few weeks I've drastically reduced my intake read this naked mind and have had a few 3-4 day sober stretches. But I can't seem to stop completely. My social life seems to revolve around drinking and I give in every time. But laying here exhausted hungover and missing a family event I want a better life. It's not worth it. This is my day 1...Thank you all for inspiring me. This community is making me hopeful that I can do this. I'd love advice on how to transition to a sober social life.
----------immediate responses--------

I've noticed a lot of people on this sub saying the same thing about 3-4. A lot of replies usually cite that booze actually stays in your system 3-4 days. So that's when your cravings peek. Also day 4 tends to be right in time for the weekend.... perfect storm.  Building a sober network for support helped me and it seems like others get over that first week hump. ..My social life and work life have all been booze HEAVY. My job (military) has drinking interwoven into it's culture. Most of my friends are military folks. So ceremonial and weekend benders are normalized. What has been working for me is trying to build a new social life that doesn't include booze. ..It's so hard to let go of old habits and even some people. I'm finding more happiness in sobriety every day though so it's starting to be worth every bit of effort. ..IWNDWYT
Good luck! You can do this and I'm rooting for you.
I got tired of being tired too.  Of the constant anxiety and just obligation in general it felt that I had to keep on keeping on.  I felt a prisoner.  Once I began saying no to other people and moving onto other things it became the freest I can remember feeling.
What do you value more? I wrote and ranked what I valued and things were clear not that I liked my choices. Only you can rank your priorities and act accordingly.
