-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bq7scv/perhaps_the_most_important_recovery_goal_5_years/

I saw someone post here today about 5 years sober congrats and it reminded me of this article about how [after 5 years of sobriety our relapse rates are equal to that of the general population meaning non-alcoholics](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/neuraptitude/201607/risk-relapse-alcohol-drops-after-5-years-sobriety)..I understand how important just for today and one day at a time are but at the same time I often wondered what the bigger picture was.  I have found myself feeling invincible after a year or 2 sober and feeling that I could NEVER drink again and that I had graduated into some untouchable stratosphere only to get complacent and slip back into old destructive patterns.  I often try to find what is the reality by looking to science and research as recovery can be filled with so much bro-science slogans anecdotal evidence and the like and there it is 5 years really is a magical number in some sense...We do need to stay in the present moment be grateful and focus on what we need to do to stay sober today.  At the same time we can have short medium and long term goals and perspectives.  I know a year can seem daunting much less seeing people with decades sober but surely having an evidence based  remission  type goal of 5 years is much more manageable and reassuring to me than some hazy unsure view on what it really means to be sober and have a long term recovery lifestyle...Surely we can't hang up our recovery efforts after 5 years I think this is a lifelong journey of finding and maintaining a manageable recovery toolbox and lifestyle but it's good to know that there is hope of returning to normal in some sense in the long run...To those struggling maybe even drunk right now congrats you are making progress and are in the right place.  To those with a day a week a month that is amazing and so important.  I myself resent  seeing people brag or think they are superior because they have x years sober but I think this article sets a realistic goal of what it means to establish long term sustainable recovery...Thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this article!  
I don't trust recovery-related statistics for many reasons. However a 15% chance of a relapse does not sound good or hopeful to me.
15% is a lot better than the likely 80+% relapse rate in the first year.   Or as Jack told me "Bob in order to relapse you actually have to begin recovery."  Ouch!..One of the things that I struggle with in recovery is learning newcomer's names.  After awhile there are just so many and it takes up space in the noggin.  But then I was watching this episode of Band of Brothers called "Replacements" and two of the experienced soldiers were talking about the fact that most of the replacements would be dead in a week so why learn their names.  This then prompted one of the more experienced soldiers  to assist a replacement by cluing him in on how to prep and what to expect so that he'd at least survive the drop.  It prompted me to do a better job at ensuring the newcomers had a chance.  Yes I get messages from really strange sources.  You may not want to hear the lesson I learned from Avalanche Rescue class...Relapse after a certain period of time is based on the maintenance of a spiritual condition. As PJ O'Rourke put it.  Step 1 get over it.  Step 2 stay over it.  People get time by doing the right stuff in the beginning and then they keep doing the right stuff.  After a few years it sort of settles into a routine.  Those who relapse usually don't do it immediately.  They drift off long before they fall off.  I cannot think of any person with time who suddenly just went over the edge as long as they were keeping up with meetings daily contact and the maintenance steps.
Thanks for sharing!  I have been using my one year anniversary as a goal and now that year is up I've been trying to think of a new goal.  With this information it sounds like 5 years is a good place to start.  But man that is a long ways away!
Hmm interesting. I don't know if I feel more resilient or not but I do know the impetuous self-destruction of yesteryear feels like it belongs to a different person... As in it is foreign now and not the dysfunctional but oddly comforting shit I used to wallow in.
That's encouraging news and I hope I get there one day but when/if I do I hope I don't become complacent. "Welcome to Complacent Airlines. Sit back and relax knowing we have only a 15% crash rate."
Hmmm really?  It's hard to believe somehow that the relapse rates can be the same as general population. I thought 30% f people don't even drink at all
