-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqav1j/first_triple_digits/

100 days in and I've honestly surprised myself as a chronic liquor drinker. As many have mentioned it seems like a long time but for someone who may not "have a problem" three months may seem like nothing. I'm glad I've stayed on the path and been taking it one day at a time. ..I've started exercising been way more productive at work mental clarity has come back and my overall relationships have improved as well. I'm also actually dependable now! ..For those starting take it easy be patient and focus on moments at a time. I relapsed way too many times that I can countbut having a support system this time around has helped me. Before it was me versus internal dialogue- after a couple of days the voice would creep up and be like "well you've done real good you can have one drink or this is the last bottle for a while." ..Also I don't have that feeling that I'm missing out by not drinking! Looking forward to staying this way! IWNDYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 100 days! Good for you! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!
First it's not3 months IT'S 100 FREAKING DAYS!!!!..And it's huge.  It's not just waking up each day and saying no alcohol today and then going about your life.  It is a thousand intrusive thoughts at all times of the day and having to make the decision not to drink again and again and again and again and again.  Keep it up!  The good news is that I have not had to stop and decide not to drink at any time in the past 100 days.  I don't even think about having a drink.  (I can't fucking believe that even as a write it!)..IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT!
Woo Hoo!..And tomorrow your FTDSP!..First Triple Digit Strobogrammatic Palindrome!
Welcome to triple digit territory.  Serious achievement
Beautiful work friend so happy for you! Here is to a cheers with a banana milkshake! CHEERS! .       
Keep it up!!
Well done! We are close in our dates! Iwndwyt.
Excellent job!!   Let's all keep going forward!  
r/stopdrinking is my support system and it works :)
