-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqczom/too_close_too_soon/

So I met this guy in detox. Only knew him for a couple of days while I was there but he got my number before he left. The nurses advised me not to give anyone there my real name or any information and to make a name/number up if I had to (they must have seen me giving it to him?). That was a few months back but he actually reached out to me a couple of weeks ago as I was coming off of a rough bender. I've been sober for 11 days today and this time seems different. I actually have motivation to not drink I went to an AA speaker meeting and my friend took me to my first "real"" AA meeting. I enjoyed listening to others and being in a room full of people who actually understand what I'm going through. I enjoyed hanging out with my friend (guy from detox) because since I met him I have been 100% honest with him and he doesn't judge me and I barely know him. I can't say that I have been 100% honest with anyone else in my life when it comes to drinking. He is extremely motivated to stop drinking/other drugs which in turn motivates me (there is no way I would have gone to an AA meeting if it weren't for him). He isn't from my city but has been living here for the past couple of months in a sober living facility he is moving into his own place this week...We definitely don't have the exact same story but it is still incredibly nice to have someone to talk to that understands you. At times it can be difficult because he is fighting drug addiction as well as alcoholism and I can't say I know what that's like. Anyway I'm left wondering.... is it a bad idea to hang out with him? I am 24 year old female and he is a 27 year old male. I'm not attracted to him as anything more than a friend (not sure how he feels). We have no mutual friends. The nurse advised me not to talk to people I met in detox after I get out but when he reached out to me he really just sounded like he wanted to know how I was doing. I should note we both relapsed after detox though he never contacted me until he went back to detox and straight to sober living after...Is it too risky to be hanging out with someone like this right away? I don't know how he will do once he moves out on his own. It's super comforting to have him to talk to and hang out with but then again I seriously barely know the guy. We have just got along really well since we met. Should I try and meet other people maybe those who have been sober for longer?..I don't know and it's making me anxious!!!
----------immediate responses--------

He definitely is not thinking the same way you are. Source: I'm a dude. ..They say you shouldn't date in your first year of sobriety. Be clear with your boundaries. Be friends in sobriety but nothing more. It's your life hang out with who you want to...but also look out for yourself first.
Hey have you heard of the term rehab romance? There's a lot of people who have been in similar positions and the desire to connect with someone at your stage is very raw (speaking from personal experience!) .I would like to advise you to focus on yourself and your recovery. But advice isn't appropriate.
Nobody can tell you what you should or shouldn't do. If you ask around AA or other recovery circles most people will try to gently discourage you. This isn't because there's a hard and fast rule about getting into relationships in the first one or two years of recovery it is because they usually end with bad outcomes.
