-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqin0z/too_many_day_1s/

Relapsed on day 42. Had a 20 beer night. Day 1s are the worst. The shame guilt and anxiety would make any sane person throw in the towel....But I guess I am not sane. Here's to getting back on the wagon and a sober Sunday... 42 days is good progress I guess it's just had to feel it the day after.. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

42 days is incredible and so are you!! Take care of yourself today.  You're choosing not to drink today  not forever  it's a process.
Welcome back to becoming your true self :)
You slipped. That sucks...But you came right back.  I could see myself saying  f*ck it  and going one a week or a month bender before getting back on the wagon...Welcome back.  Let's me this time stick!
a title that pulls you in for sure but false all around! no such thing as too many. I'm with you and I support your day 1 and beyond.
If you relapsed 1 day out of 43 for the rest of your life you're life would be much better than if you just never tried to quit.
They are all Day 1. Wake up in the morning and promise yourself that you will not drink today. Forget yesterday you can't go back and change it. Don't worry about tomorrow that is still a day away. Just focus on to day. Know why you relapsed and work out how to avoid it happening again today. You can do this.
You're not alone I'm getting back on the wagon as well. I fckd up last night after my longest streak of sobriety to date. IWNDWYT
Hey - sober 42/43 days is pretty damn good!! Just a bump in the road back on the progress train!
The action of making progress is progress. IWNDWYT
I have found that the key is to not give up and keep trying even if you mess up. The "fuck it" all or nothing thinking is what made sobriety impossible for me in the past. Now if I mess up even if I relapse and it lasts for a few days I just recall all the reasons I  stopped in the first place and get back on the wagon. With time it gets easier to do so because the cravings are much less when abstaining and it becomes your new normal. It helps me not to focus too much on specific dates when you messed up so you don't revert to that old thinking pattern.
My advice and I'm fairly sure it's been said already is to stop counting days..Day 100 Day 200  Day 365 - put it on FriendFace - then what..Each day just is the same for you no hangover more focused and better prepared. You're doing it for you the days don't matter in the slightest..Everyone slips but eventually you get there just like everything that's worth doing in life. .Best of luck mate.
