-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqk057/freaking_out_farmers_market_kombucha_had_alcohol/

Got up and moving at 0800 went to a local farmers' market bought a bunch of healthy stuff plus some local white peach kombucha. Did some gardening then went inside and poured myself a tall glass and gulped it down.   ...I feel... drunk. Dizzy tipsy and pissed. Looked at the label no indication of alcohol at ALL. Google tells me that kombucha can indeed have significant alcohol content. I was a kombucha virgin had zero clues about it I definitely wouldn't have bought the damn stuff.  ...I've been working so damn hard at sobriety. Sundays are always a trigger for me because long boozy brunches with bottomless mimosas were part of my routine. There's a part of me that wants to pour a second tall glass because what the hell right? Do I need to reset my badge?   ...Can I get a hand here? Struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

I never tried the stuff because of the alcohol content. It's pretty low from what I've been told. You were not trying to drink/get a buzz.  I would flush it out of your system with water and move on.
You don't need to reset your badge. It was an accident. I hope you feel better soon.
Don't reset your days over that. If you do like kombucha though there are tons with less than .05 percent or something like that. I've never gotten tipsy or a buzz from it but I'm sure they make variants with a higher amount. It's just natural fermentation. Don't beat yourself up.
Isn't it about the same as drinking NA beer? .5% or something? They can't market it as a soft drink if it's higher than that. I wouldn't reset just chug some water and move on. Maybe the lightheadedness was from something else walking gardening maybe getting a little dehydrated.
Don't reset. Most NA beers have 0.5%. Cough syrup can have that amount too. I drink kombucha it's good for you but maybe not something you should try again since it's having an alcohol like effect on you.
