-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqpfy0/helpnot_drinking_at_work_functions/

I'm trying to quit drinking but always relapse when I attend work functions. What makes it really hard is that I work in the music industry where drinking is romanticized late nights sitting around a bottle is a right of passage and going to work hungover after a night at a show is common place. I obviously can't quit my job and have tried to have a  healthy relationship  with booze as my career progresses but I'm ready to have it out of my life for good. ..How have ya'll adapted to not drinking after work with colleagues holiday parties company dinners etc ? This seems to be the hardest part for me.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no easy answer to this one.  It's hard.  Whether it's your co-workers your family or your closest friends - you're going to go from being someone who drinks with the crowd to someone who doesn't drink with the crowd and that was one of the biggest factors that kept me from stopping sooner (which is really a shame I think).  ..What I can tell you is that it IS worth it.  It's uncomfortable to answer the initial questions and a few friends stopped calling me to hang out.  But I realized that was my value to them that I was a fellow heavy drinker who didn't make them feel bad about their own heavy drinking.  They didn't value me for who I was.  And I'd rather know that than not know that (if that makes sense).  However by and large everyone I care about was very supportive and even said they were proud of me and/or wished they themselves could do the same.  ..In less time than you think it's over.  You get used to not drinking and everyone else gets used to you not drinking and it's not a thing anymore.  These are my go-to lines for when people ask you why I don't drink (anymore):..* I'm just trying to take better care of myself as I get older..* For the same reason I quit smoking: it's addictive and it elevates your risk of certain cancers...Professionally I don't think you owe anyone an explanation.  "No thanks" should be good enough.  I think it's pretty unprofessional to badger someone to drink with you.  It might not be as big a deal as you think?
I just drink cranberry juice or ginger ale and act like it's no big deal because it isn't!! Usually you are more worried about how other people will react than how they actually react. They don't care half the time because they're too caught up in their own stuff. Many don't even notice. Go enjoy yourself and don't worry about it. Own your choice and the new you!
You can be a valuable asset as a designated driver.
