-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/br09g3/struggling_today_after_relapse/

Guys I'm back on here after somehow getting back into drinking and need some support. I have too much anxiety and somehow need to straighten out. Hearing from anyone would help me out at this point. I know I can go back to my sobriety but I am just having a tough time weening off. Thank you for reading and being here for people like me.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you aren't guilting yourself or feeling ashamed. No one is perfect we don't all have it together but you came here for support. A lot of people have such a hard time asking for help (present company included) and here you are. You are very strong you may not feel like it right now but I hope you know I think you are exceptionally strong okay. You just need to relearn things and that's possible and treat yourself with compassion. You are a great person the alcohol wants you to forget that. Take it one day at a time. Break it down further if you need to. We're here for you okay?
You can do this. Just breathe deep and let it out slow. This too shall pass. You know it will because you have been here before. The more you think about anxiety being high the higher it gets. Do something tlike take a walk to take your mind off of it. IWNDWYT
Good luck I was having a good dry spell a few months ago then at the start of December I went out one night and got the taste of it again I've been on a near 6 month bender since then :( it's horrible I've been a week sober today and hoping to do a month and we'll go from there. The first week or so is the hardest but it'll always be hard. Good luck and don't beat yourself up too much.
Hi there! I've had my share of relapses and I've *always* struggled coming back. What has helped me with coming back is making a plan for what I'm going to do differently this time. I knew getting sober this time around that I had to be willing to do more than I was willing to do the time before because if what I had done before was going to be enough to keep me sober it would have been en and I wouldn't have relapsed...This time around I made a commitment to check in here every day for my first 90 days of sobriety. I posted every day but there is also a daily check-in post where people can commit to staying sober in the comments. I made a commitment to go to a support group meeting every day. I mostly went to AA but there are other options (SMART Refuge Recovery etc - check the sidebar.) It wasn't something that I wanted to do but it is something that I knew had worked for a lot of people and I was willing to do what I needed to do to stay sober. Relapsing was taking a pretty significant toll on me and my life and I also just know that there's never any guarantees about being able to get sober again after a relapse. I was already seeing a therapist to work through some stuff underlying my addiction and a psychiatrist to deal with my underlying depression...That combination has worked for me so far but I know that I need to keep working on my sobriety if I want to keep it. Making a commitment for the first couple of months got me established in my sobriety but this is something that I continue to work on. One day at a time though. Just make it to be sober and the day is a win. You got this. IWNDWYT
We're here with you and we get it. ..I'm glad you posted. Keep posting. ..Do you see a therapist for your anxiety?..Here's to healthier days ahead!
