-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/br2dal/75_months_clean_and_sober_struggling_bigtime_with/

I isolate because I don't want to be around anyone that is drinking or smoking because that intensifies my cravings. I am not hitting on girls or trying to date anyone because I've been told that in the first year of recovery you're not supposed to date. I am isolating because it seems that every social event I would have even a little bit of fun at everyone's drinking or smoking. The loneliness is creeping in and hitting me hard. Gonna meet with my sponsor soon to discuss. We're texting right now about it. Gonna try to find a meeting tomorrow as I've got the morning/afternoon free. (I'm traveling to see my mom right now.).I've been working out more which helps. And I went to a couple meetup groups but people were drinking there. Still had an okay time. Got a couple girls numbers that I just met out and about but both of them drink and one smokes weed so I don't wanna pursue them. Told my friend about it who I like and she encouraged me to keep steady on the path and just make friends in the first year as it's so early in the grand scheme of things. I just want a big long hug. And cuddles. It's rough man... I feel defeated sometimes. Like if I'm not going to get a girlfriend who could eventually be the mother of my kids what's the point of self-improvement? I know how stupid that sounds when I put it down in writing but it just seeps in and I can't help but get depressed. Had a good cry on the long drive this morning. I put my itunes songs on shuffle (over 2000 songs) and that damn  Tennessee Whiskey  song by Chris Stapleton song came on of course. ..Just need to get some kind of feedback. Any kind of feedback. Don't sugar coat anything for me. Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Why do you think you're not going to get a girlfriend?
Relationships are nice but u don't need one. Gotta love yourself 1st! Then the rest will come. I hope anyways ;)
Hang in there man you're doing good! I isolate too &amp; get bored sometimes but luckily I'm a homebody. I still feel like it's better than being hung over. And I feel like my free time is mine to do what I want whether it's productive or nothing at all.
Hang in there! I met my husband of 28 years after I'd been sober EXACTLY one year. And I'm so thankful I listened to my sponsor. I don't think I would have made good choices in that first year. And I was convinced no one would love me if they knew who I really was. But after a year I was okay with myself and where I was in my program. ..You've got this!
I get you is everywhere like every where!! I have found a cafe restaurant with an extensive coffee menu we go there once a week at least and enjoy a new coffee combination. Hiking with my dogs. Join the Y. Puzzles. Podcasts. .Can you get a pet? they are great listeners and their love is unconditional. I talk to my cat all the time.
For a short term shot of oxytocin...I suggest booking a professional massage(not a rub and tug)...You can find coupons on Groupon to say $...Massages kept me sane after my divorce.
Yep. Me too nearly three months. Dont think I've socialized with anyone. I take the view that it took a long time to get to where I was and its going to take a while to get to where I want to be...Don't get me wrong there's plenty to celebrate and feel grateful for but right now - its time to keep on keeping on...
Please hang in there! Trust me I know all about loneliness and can relate to much of what you said. I imagine that at some point you will feel more comfortable being around alcohol/others who are drinking but in the meantime I feel like hanging out with other sober folks through AA is a good starting point? I don't attend meetings personally but the social aspect seems helpful...as for dating I found that I was able to select my "preferences" on certain sites if you're open to the online thing. For instance I know Match let me choose drinking preferences/how important they were to me. Just thought I'd mention it as a potential option that way you sift through the drinkers and move straight through to the non-drinking ones:)
hey bud I get you I've had the same feelings many times and it's tough. It seems like you're someone who values intimacy and partnership so the lack of one will sting. And yes social drinking is beyond prevalent in our society and 95% of all social interactions seem to involve alcohol in some way. However here are some counter points...1. If you were to drink/use again there is no guarantee you'll actually find the kind of partner you're looking for. For all you know you'll just end up with someone else who has an addiction problem or perhaps is fucked up in another way.. I strongly believe staying sober is your only chance of finding a fulfilling relationship even if it takes time. .2. Finding new friends or potential partners who don't drink or engage in activities that trigger your cravings is tough. There is no sugar coating it. But at the same time there's still plenty of fish out there. Try to go to meetups that involve health and fitness.. Since you've mentioned you're working out find like minded folks who are seeking an active and healthy life. You'll have higher chances of finding someone there who does not drink or indulge in drugs. .3. I am just going to guess that you're a loving an empathic person (based on your post). Try volunteering somewhere whether it's a food bank a neighborhood clean up or some sort of mentorship program for young kids. Find a social activity where the underlying purpose is to selflessly help someone else. The chances of fostering real connections with new friends/acquaintances/etc will be higher...&amp;#x200B;..Stay strong bud sobriety in the first year is tough but you're on the right path. Always know everyone on this sub cares for you and is proud of you for being sober. Sending you a warm hug!
I highly recommend checking if there are any sober bars in your area or possibly joining your state's young people of AA group/committee
I was in a similar situation but then I found that actually MOST people are not drinkers and was able to find a wonderful girl who barely drinks. Baby steps my friend. You got this. IWNDWYT
