-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/br44mh/i_know_i_am_happier_when_i_dont_drink_but_the/

I once went 3 years without drinking and I was really happy during that time. I only started again because I worried I was missing out on something. My family and friends all drink and I always felt like I was a bit isolated from them during that time. Over the past few years I have quit and started drinking again so many times I've lost count. I want to quit for good again but I keep worrying about missing out and feeling that isolation again. I know it's dumb but I just can't seem to get around this. Reading This Naked Mind right now and that's helping. Curious if anyone else has struggled with this and how you overcame it?
----------immediate responses--------

The thing that makes me want to keep drinking is that people think I'm more funny when I drink. I know its dumb but I think I'm more witty and definitely more sociable (I'm probably just making an ass out of myself but no one has ever said I was so idk haha). I just have to understand the cons far outweigh the benefits for me and I can still be funny and entertaining and tell stories without the liquid courage it just might be a bit harder.
 Forever  and  Never  were mental obstacles for me.  ..I couldn't visualize  me  in settings that didn't include alcohol.  My mind would whisper  You think you can go the *rest of your life* without having a glass of wine?    You think you can NEVER have a glass of wine?  HA !! ..Then I remembered I am NOT the voice in my head.  I am the person who can HEAR the voice in my head.  Sometimes it tells me useful things -   look both ways before crossing the street' and  wash your hands before you eat' and  don't stick that fork in the electrical outlet!' and others ..   Many times it lies to me.  It tells me things that either are not in my best interest or are out and out LIES... Never  and  Forever  are imaginary constructs made up by humans.  The universe doesn't recognize  never  and  forever .  I'm not aware of any other species that considers  never  and  forever .  Nature sure doesn't...So when my mind tells me something that has any reference to  never  or  forever  it is LYING to me!..No human has ever done or not done ANYTHING for Forever.  I won't be the first.  I suspect you won't either.  ..All I have to attend to is Today.  I can't drink or not drink yesterday or tomorrow .  Or next week or last year or on the 4th of July.  All I can do is not drink today.  Pretty easy.  Not overwhelming...Whadda ya think?
I said over and over  Drinking is not as good as I think it is.   It was my way of reminding myself that alcohol lies.  ..I take it one day at a time.  When I'm tempted I just think about how I want to feel tomorrow and don't drink today.
[removed]
Like many have said day by day.  Just try not to drink today or tomorrow and repeat each day...After some time you will wonder why the hell you ever drank in the first place.
Yeah I'm struggling really hard with that thought to right now. My roommate asked if I wanted to go for drinks this week. And I'm like the weeks I'm having the last thing I need to be is near a bar. I'm not strong at all right now but that tiny part of my mind thinks well one day I will he strong one day I can moderate ... but I know that day won't come. So here I am trying to get through the day and drinking tea. IWNDWYT
What was really mind blowing was how much I was missing out on because I was drinking.  There is a whole other life out there that can't be had while trapped in a bar or pinned under a hangover.  I spent enough years drinking to know exactly what I am missing out on in that area and there is so much more going on in the sober world.
