-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brdzen/hi_everyone_1st_time_poster_1st_time_ive_ever/

So yeah. I'm definitely an alcoholic. Bourbon is my drink of choice. I drink almost every day. Right now I'm on day 2 of being sober. I dont want to be a teetotaler but my drinking habits are getting crazy...I'm gonna just go ahead and put this in writing because I feel like it will help. When I do drink I drink 1/3 to a 1/2 a bottle a night. Sometimes I'll drink 2 bottles over the weekend. I figure I've been spending at least 50 to 100 a week on bourbon for the last few years. When I think of how much money I've spent just on alcohol it makes me kind of sick. I'm trying to save up to buy a house right now and all that money could have been a down payment...I have a happy marriage and 2 wonderful baby girls aged 2 and 4. I own a business that is doing pretty well but has been struggling this year. My wife stopped working after my 2nd daughter was born and the burden of being a sole provider has been weighing on me. This makes me drink more which just makes me spend more money. ..So far drinking has not caused any real problems. I handle my shit. I work hard. I take care of my family. My wife has noticed the uptake over the years and encouraged me to slow down. I myself have noticed and have the desire to not be a daily drinker. I take a few days off here and there and then always come back to all night drinking at home while I "relax from a tough week"...Lately I've been drinking a couple whiskeys while on my lunch during the day. Then I go home and pretend I'm being good by not drinking that night. Or I have a drink or 2 at home and pretend they are the only ones I've had that day. This duplicity is really making me feel like a pos. I want to be a responsible drinker who can enjoy a few drinks once in a while. I'm not sure it's even possible for me...I stumbled across this sub last night and spent a while reading other people's posts. I dont know what I expect from this post of mine but I feel like it's the right time to just put it out there in the universe that I want a change! Any and all help is appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm joining you today. I knew I had a problem and I did well for a little over a month and then I ruined it. I don't do well with hangovers and I have a heart problem so not having booze in my system today is rough on my body. I'm going to ride it out and pray for sleep tonight. I hope that today goes well for you. Hang in there. We have to beat this thing.
I'm only on day 4 but I can say that this sub has been an immense help for me. The few posts I've made have helped me so much so far. I encourage you to continue reading the content on this sub and also I wish you the best.
Welcome to the subreddit and good luck you can do this! IWNDWYT!
I can completely relate to your post - almost feels like I'm reading a summary of my life over the past 2 years except my drink of choose was rum. Young family successful and sole provider for family wife concerned about my drinking some day drinking so it looks like I don't drink at night one little girl another due in 1 month and I don't want them to think that behaviour like that is acceptable. ..Have been trying to quote on and off for the last few months. Currently on day 2 and feels a bit different this time. After my first daughter was born I stopped by the liquor store and drank at when I got home to celebrate. When my second girl arrives I don't want that shadow hovering over me. ..IWNDWYT beebish
Welcome. I have walked the same path you are and can relate to everything and more..No preaching but alcohol is a drug and I thought because I provided a good life for my family I had it under control. I used to use lines like I dont spend the kids college money on booze I am not abusive etc. etc..Like I deserved a medal for that..Alcohol had me doing internal negotiations like you are doing..This is a great place to start. Share your feelings fears and ask for help whenever you feel like your slipping. Lots of people in the same boat right here.
Oof. I see a lot of myself in that post. Lying about how much I've drank allowing drinking to seep into parts of my life (like lunch) where it was normally personally and socially unacceptable wanting to cut back a little thinking I can handle it using drinking as a pressure release valve feeling guilty having loved ones express concern recognizing a pattern seeing all the money disappear worried that my kid would see me drunk and all of the embarrassment and shame of that. Not totally the same but it echoes...That's not to say you have to stop completely only you can make that decision for yourself. My only advice would be to bookmark this post of yours. In about a month come back and visit it. Your own words will speak louder to you than anyone else. You're saying that you see something needs to change so take a step see if it's the right direction. Good luck.
Like the other posters here I have been in a similar situation as you and have tried a few times to address it.  My daughters are 15 and 17 now and I am ashamed of how much quality time i probably lost with them because I was too busy nursing a few beers...You're doing the right thing in addressing this while the kids are young good on you!..It sounds like you've got a good strategy in avoiding regular watering holes and as you point out driving past the liquor store is a concrete action that you can accomplish!..Good luck man!  IWNDWYT.
It's so hard to convince yourself to quit especially when you can still get everything done and your work is exceptional. I don't get hangovers people tell me they wish they were like me all it has lead me to do is get trashed way too often and be able to pick it up again the next day. ..Either way I'm on day 2. I've tried before but I swear it's gonna stick this time.  Yesterday was the first time I have ever told anyone too I told my wife. It actually took a lot of convincing for her to see it I guess I've gotten too good at hiding it.  Even after all that she said she would  help me to only have a few   but I know I can't handle that a few always leads to sneaking more.
Just know that if you are the kind of person that can't stop after having 1 drink things *will* get worse.  It's not a sustainable way of life.  You will face consequences either with your health your work or your relationship.  If you can recognize you have a problem now quit while you're ahead.  *Every single person here* was at your crossroads at one point.  Many like myself thought "I'm different those stories I hear about people losing everything that can't happen to me.  I'M DIFFERENT."  I wasn't.  We weren't.  You're not...Stay strong.  I'm not saying people haven't learned to moderate or that 100% permanent abstinence is the only solution but tread lightly and carefully...IWNDWYT
One of the biggest rewards I had from stopping was the effect it had on my family. I just got time with them again I could pay attention and actually listen to what my little ones wanted to say to me. Making breakfasts together on Sunday morning is so much better when you're not hungover. There's hundreds of great reasons to make the change. IWNDWYT.
Luckily you have found the absolute best support community on reddit.  I am a strong proponent of books. I prefer audio books so I can stay busy and drive while I listen. My advice: get the Audible app. Download "this naked mind" and "alcohol explained" listen to either one on your drive home from work.  I  quit drinking then bought my first house last summer.  I promise you life is better on the other side of alcohol. You have NOTHING to lose. Best wishes.
Man you sound like me. I could drink half a bottle of bourbon a night and wake up  functional.  I also have a 2 and 4 year old but I'm the stay at home mom and my husband works. I'm 21 days sober. I don't know if it's forever but I think it has to be. I was a mean nasty drunk towards my husband at the end. ..If I had any doubt that alcoholism was a real disease it was erased when I wondered if never drinking again to save my marriage was worth it. Yikes. ..I'm in a bad spot emotionally but I'm not drinking. I hope that every day I'm sober is earning his trust back. Thanks for listening and hang in there.
Everybody here is rooting for you!..I was and will forever be a full bottle a day whiskey man. On the way to a full handle. This past year I pushed everybody away and just drank at home. Lost a support structure I could use now. I'd convince doctors i had add and stress so i could pop a benzo and vyvanse to get into working order in the morning...If you are drinking to relieve stress that is a problem. Because it's already causing you stress hiding it. Which will make you want to drink more. That's how it snowballs...But the good news is you're not in denial and it seems you havent committed any heinous acts. Sounds like you have a lot of stressors. But good ones. ..Stay on this channel. Read some literature. A lot of people find useful tools in The Naked Mind. I'd say talk to your wife and be honest if you feel overwhelmed. It helps if you are each others best friend first.
Unbelievable similar story... daughters business day drinking.....I believe I need to get sober for me but I will share a quick story. ..I first started to think I may have a problem when I wondered out loud why they don't serve alcohol at school functions. ..I also regret not being present for my daughters. Instead I was thinking about my next drink or how to hide my current drink or how many drinks I could have and drive. It was a bad trajectory. ..This is an incredible place. Take a look at the daily check in. It really has helped me.
Congrats brother. I'm excited for you because I know the potential greatness you and your family will experience when you succeed at this.  It's even little things that you can't quite even anticipate at this stage - such as things your daughters will say just in passing in the future that will demonstrate the fact that you fixed it early enough for them to not have been negatively affected by it.  There are so many wins to be had that all start to build momentum after being honest like you've done here.
One day at a time. I'm on day four and this is always when it gets tough. "oh I've been having a great week why not stop for a couple beers" mentality...Weekend rolls around and I just want to get totally shit faced. Nearly had a concussion last Friday from falling over while smoking a cigarette. Don't think it is a concussion but a not so attractive battle scar on the forehead and temple. I'd like this upcoming Friday to be different...As others have said here : "life is on easy mode when you don't drink." it's frankly terrifying how true that is.
Welcome! This is a cool place!
You are so self aware. I feel like this will help you. I'm getting closer and closer to thinking I just can't drink. I just turned 30 and decided to take control of it before it took control of me. Knowing very little about you but with a little insight into your mind I can guarantee you'll be happier without it. Hell a year from now you could easily have that down payment ready and look back on this post and thank yourself for your dedication to your health and your family. IDK if you're quitting but if you are.....IWNDWYT
