-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brec1o/im_scared_as_fuck_man_relapsed/

Been on a bender for about a week after months of sobriety. I can not go back to that agony of drinking and catastrophic consequences that come with it. I am tapering today. Killed a bunch of malts liquor and whiskey yesterday. Passed out and went crazy probably pissed off my room mates. One of them has seen me like this before. I have came so far. I got my wife back. Seeing my kid. Starting classes at UNM. I have an amazing place to live. Why am I doing this?! I cant believe I'm back drinking again. I have to stop this. Tomorrow is the day. Please pray for me guys. I cant go back to this awful existence!!
----------immediate responses--------

You've got this. I am back on day one today. I was doing so well and I just screwed it up. But we both know what sobriety is like so we can keep our minds focused on that. I'm having withdrawals today and I hate it and I agree with you: I don't want any of this part of my life back. I want to be sober. Good luck today and tomorrow. Keep us posted.
Just the fact that you are able to hold yourself accountable and post on here is very impressive. I have no doubt that you will be able to get right back on track and today is that day. Progress isn't always linear. I'm so proud of you and IWNDWYT!
This is a crisis and you should physically go somewhere about it right now. This isn't solved by picking up your phone and getting strangers online to cross our fingers for you. You know what this is dude.
You absolutely can do this. You have tons going for you. Fight like hell every single day to keep those things. But more importantly do it for yourself. You deserve health and happiness and booze takes both of those away.
I have a program that I work daily to try and prevent a relapse from happening. I do meetings volunteer write each day all this stuff that gets me outside of myself.
You don't have to start tomorrow you can start again right now! All the best to you  
\&gt;&gt; Why am I doing this?! ..Sorry you are going through this. My own experience is that trying to understand it doesn't necessarily help because its not really rational. The fact is I have the first drink  I wont stop. The first one is the only one I have control over so I have to focus on not having that ONE drink. Don't worry about never drinking again. Just do whatever it takes to not have that first one. Good luck bro. IWNDYWT!
