-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brmsu3/how_do_i_talk_to_my_friends_about_their_alcoholism/

Hi SD..After two years of trying to change my relationship with alcohol I have finally achieved a sizable amount of time abstinent. My friends and family know about it but I have not shared with them how proud of my achievement I am nor how much of a struggle it was and still is. ..I moved a sizable distance from my home town this past year and I don't get to see my core friend group (we have known each other since elementary school) as often as I would like to. I just got back from visiting them for a weekend. I had a great time and I did not drink with them. I liked being the "sober cab" and driving them around safely. We played a lot of competitive video games and it was nice to not play progressively worse as the night went on. However now that I can see their behavior under less clouded conditions I am concerned about their drinking...We are all 26 and our parents are starting to have health issues. My dad had a heart attack about 2 years ago. He survived with no permanent damage (I don't believe in God but it sure felt like a miracle). My best friend Lou his dad had kidney cancer. They removed it and it's come back. My other friend Robert his dad had a stroke not long ago and can't move the whole right side of his body. The last one of the group also named Robert but we'll call him Bob his dad killed him self years ago. ..Lou is the one I am most worried about. He has depression and maybe anxiety too. He is a big guy and he can/does put down so much hard liquor. I think he knows that it isn't healthy but he seems to have this kinda ennui about it and his life. He doesn't seem to want to take any steps to change anything. I'm also really worried about Rob. His dad's stroke was undoubtedly related to alcohol. He was a big drinker and is only in his earlier 60's. Rob's whole family are big drinkers and drinking is so ingrained in his life. It is hard to see him not drinking. Bob is the one I am least worried about. He seems to know his limits and only drinks moderately to heavily on the weekends. However his drinking has gotten worse over the years and I'm afraid that Lou and Rob will keep leading him further down the alcoholism path...Anyways I'm just really concerned that if things keep going the way they are they are all going to die early and I'm going to be left all alone. I really don't want that to happen but I also don't know how to broach the subject with my friends. All I want to do is tell them that I think that they are drinking unhealthy amounts and that I am there if they ever want to quit. I'm afraid that they will think that I am judging them or looking down on them for drinking. I don't want to ruin our friendship by talking to them about this but I also don't want them to keep going down the road of alcoholism...I'm sure other people on here have been in this situation. Does anyone have any advice on how to handle this?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congratulations on your sober progress!  ..You are a caring person and interested in the welfare of people you care about...&gt;I'm just really concerned that if things keep going the way they are they are all going to die early and I'm going to be left all alone...My mind lies to me.  Regularly...Anxiety apprehension and fear and 3 different ways my mind will lie to me and hijack me from being present now...I don't control my friends.  Most people resist and resent someone coming to them and conveying that they don't necessarily "approve" of their decisions and behaviors.  Often there is a conveyance of judgment and disapproval.  ..I don't react well to people being judgmental about me.  How about you?..&gt;I also don't want them to keep going down the road of alcoholism...The cold truth is that your friends will do what they want to do ....  just like you and just like me.  ..One of the best approaches I find it to be sober and caring.  When others see how sobriety works for me they may be interested in how I got to that point.
As someone who has been there as the concerned party (my family in my case) I would say that Al-Anon was very helpful in finding a way to handle this situation. The best thing I learned from Al-Anon was that we cannot control the drinking of others. Doing so will drive us to insanity. Perhaps you can check what Al-Anon meetings are available in your area if this sounds helpful to you...I hope this helps. It did for me.
This might sound harsh but i dont its not my problem. I had to come to the conclusion myself that i had a problem then i was able &amp; am able to reach out for help. It never did me any good having people preach to me that i have a problem i didnt wanna hear that shit.
I got sober.  2-1/2 years later my brother asked if he could come to a meeting with me.  He hasn't had a drink since then.  Four or five years later my other brother got sober and about 20 years ago my sister got sober.  What worked apparently was me getting and staying sober.  It works through attraction not promotion.  If you don't want someone to get sober start promoting sobriety.   Or if you want someone to go away start talking about sobriety.  ;-)
