-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brpxon/im_here_to_stay/

Hello all! I am new to stop drinking well reddit actually. My sober date is 10/7/18 and I was beginning to struggle in my sobriety until I found you guys!! I've been reading and keeping up for about a month now and I seriously get goose bumps reading the encouragement kind words and AMAZING STORIES.  I love that you welcome all and for the first time EVER I want to share my story so here it goes:..I was 36 had lost a well paying steady job and my youngest son had decided for the first time in his 14 years that he wanted to go live with his father. Those are just the two things that were "a big deal". At this time I knew I had a problem but I was terrified to admit it. I continued to drink and bad things continued to happen. I hated myself. I hated waking up hungover. I hated going to my new job. I hated craving my shot of whiskey not quite halfway thru the day (sometimes I'd take lunch and go have one.  Or two). I hated being broke. I hated it that I knew deep down I was not a terrible mean drunk of a person. Nobody believed any different because time and time again I drank more then too much making an ass out of myself. I don't remember a lot of those drunken nights. I blacked out regularly but I know I embarrassed or said hurtful things to the lucky ones chosen to hang out with me that evening. Sometimes I would hear stories of what I did or said and sometimes I was left guessing. Searching my phone for texts and calls I made. Eventually... I was hanging out alone. When I finally realized the booze was taking over my life I was ashamed embarrassed and overwhelmed to say the least. I "detoxed" by myself for 3 days. After day 2 I almost had a drink just to calm the shakes but I somehow made it through without it. The physical pain began to ease up and that's when I reached out because I knew I couldn't do it alone. ..I reached out to another woman that I knew was attending AA regularly and she of course offered to take me. I was very much against this at first but was open minded to anything that would set me free from what I was thinking and feeling. ..Since 10/7/2018 I have had my first sober Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas birthday New years and.valentine's day...  All those days I used to drink away I now remember. My son moved back home and I was sober and PRESENT when we celebrated his 15th birthday! I have made a complete 180 at the new job I now enjoy. I know this because they've told me they notice differences in my performance. I've also almost doubled my income (I'm in sales). I will forever be in awe at what my clear mind can accomplish!..Most importantly I no longer hate myself! In fact I'm PROUD of myself.No it's not been an easy journey everyday but I'm doing it! Life still happens I still have character defects but they don't define me anymore and they certainly aren't worth my sobriety. ..That was just a snip of how much had changed FOR THE GOOD since I became sober. For anyone new to sobriety... My advise is one day at a time. If I can do it so can you!!  Thanks for reading aaaannnd...  ..I will not drink with you today!!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.    IWNDWYT
RIGHT ON BABY!!!!!..CRUSH IT DAY BY DAY
Awesome! I'm proud of you too. IWNDWYT
