-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brqmef/rock_bottom_is_when_you_stop_digging/

I've been fighting for sobriety for over 5 years now. I strung together more than 2 years straight at one point. Again and again I rationalized myself back into the bottle. I've been doing better lately working on myself. I didn't relapse when I found out my husband had two affairs less than 2 months ago...But I did relapse on Mother's Day letting myself fall into being triggered and in a rage at the world decided that of course the best solution would be to keep looking in a bottle. I fell off the wagon so hard that later that night I literally fell flat on my face (out of passenger seat of a parked car) and broke my nose. I also busted up my forehead and lips thankfully no teeth. Thankfully I was with my best friend not my children. ..I'm a 40 year old mother of 4 year old twins. I'm a professional in corporate finance. I deserve better than this I need to be stronger than this this has to be my rock bottom. ..I'm going to therapy and I saved a closeup of my destroyed swollen face as my phone's wallpaper - a constant visual reminder. I am done digging....I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're OK (relatively)...Sounds like you're using this experience as reflection of where you are and deciding where you want to be instead...Congratulations !
I will not drink with you today!..Stay strong momma! We have to stay healthy for our children
You have a high powered job and you're a mother of twin littles.  Clearly you are a strong and capable woman.  It's going to be alright.  You are completely capable of this.  I'm with you and I won't drink with you today.  &lt;3
Can't blame you for raging sweetheart. Gotta get back up and not drink. Again and again. I have to learn to not beat myself up maybe you do too? I will not drink with you today.
Today after being beaten up and covering it for the last time and realising my lack of self esteem and low self worth stems from drink and that's why I will forgive everything - your post helps. I'm so scared of being sober and feeling and I'm scared of being alone.
I'll be so proud of myself when I get a 2yr streak under my belt. I've relapsed once before and I feel better equipped this go-around for it. You strike me as a badass keeping that pic front and center. I certainly wouldn't want to be the person standing between you and your goal. You've got this.
