-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsa7mm/for_those_who_have_tried_to_stop_several_times/

I am just curious.  I was put in treatment unwillingly as an adolescent but it stuck.  I put myself into codependency treatment a few years later because I was on the cusp of relapse and needed support.    It was super helpful.  It seems like almost no one goes these days. Why?
----------immediate responses--------

I wouldn't want that on my record to be honest.
I can't take time off.
Many many of us have.  Many of us more than once.
This is something that I ask myself now in hindsight. Why didn't I go to treatment *years* ago? I had the resources and I knew that I had a problem. I wish now that I had although I don't know if it would have changed anything...In retrospect what kept me from seeking help was feeling like there was some wrong with me. I didn't see myself as a person who needed and deserved help I saw it as some sort of failure on my part. And the answer to that was to  try harder.  On my own. Which of course got me pretty much nowhere. It was shame basically.
I didn't (don't) think it would help me. I know drinking is a problem for me I know I need to stop I know what I need to do (anything else but drink) and I have loads of tools. I can't see how treatment would benefit me because I'm not interested in being part of a group or taking medications.
I didn't go in to treatment because I didn't have insurance at the time. Looking back I wish I couldve gone to in patient four years ago when my drinking was it absolute worst but you live and learn. If I ever relapse I wont hesitate to go in next time.
Cost is a big factor.  Even with insurance inpatient especially can get really expensive.  I also don't want my family to know.  There are only a very select few people that know my struggle and I don't want others to find out...I also know that when forced to stop I can.  For example I'm a musician so I often go to summer camps that are about 4-6 weeks long.  During those weeks I can stay sober and it is literally not an issue at all.  But as soon as I'm back home it's a problem again.  I can be accountable to everyone but myself so I don't see rehab being super helpful beyond the time I'm physically there.
