-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsgwaf/please_read_this/

I don't know why I feel the need to post this today. ..  .A few days ago one of the members of this sub passed away after announcing that he had relapsed and was suicidal. Of course a lot of support was given from this community but unfortunately it didn't keep him from going through with it. ..Today I also read a few posts of people feeling like they were about to relapse or had relapsed and were feeling like shit about it...Please please please if you are in this situation reach out for help and know that the way to recovery is very often made of several relapses or slip-ups. Please keep on trying please don't give up just because it's too hard to be sober right now. You will get there. In time. ..If you feel like you are craving so bad that you want to die please have that drink/drug and figure the rest out tomorrow. There is no good reason to die. ..Thank you for listening :)
----------immediate responses--------

I've been thinking a lot about the person you're referring to. My wish is for no one to ever feel that alone.
please before you have that drink - seek medical care.
I have a pretty great life and even I had extremely depressive and borderline suicidal thoughts when my emotions started flooding back when all of the alcohol was out of my system a few months into sobriety and the pathways in my brain were going haywire. Had I given into the desires to numb those emotions the extra depressant nature of alcohol may have taken me over the edge. Or even though I stayed sober the emotions could have drowned me if they'd been more intense. Who knows? Those feelings are deep and dark and logical thinking can't make them go away...Lots of us turned to alcohol to numb ourselves from extreme pain and trauma. Most of us haven't taken the steps to address the source and it's dangerous to underestimate what facing that pain can drive us to do.
This is so sad. It takes a long time to surround your life with booze. It also takes time to deconstruct that. I have lost a couple of close friends due to drinking. I consider myself a casual drinker maybe I get drunk a couple of times year and sometimes that does not end up well. I'm putting that life behind me but even then sometimes it is hard. I have seen alcohol break down someone physically and mentally. I have seen it convince someone that they are nothing. At that point all you have left is alcohol. If you are that that point you need to get help. Remember this nobody is immune to the foolish acts created by alcohol. What you have done while you were drunk does not determine your self-worth. Admitting to yourself what the problem is and working at rising above it is one of the strongest things someone can do. With time your life will plane out and you will return to being yourself. The suffering is temporary.  We are creatures or routines so create new ones. Each and every person here deserves inner peace and a feeling of self-worth. You don't need to prove yourself to other people just to yourself. If you can do that the world will see it. Good luck to everyone. IWNDWYT
Well said. I have been absent from the sub for a while so I'm out of the loop here but it's very sad to hear the news. I lost a brother to suicide years ago. ..Today my sobriety goes out to this person and my brother. Good people gone too soon.
I agree 1100%. Looking for help first go to meeting or call someone you know. Can somebody repost here link for online chat? That might help I can't see it cause I'm mobile. Bless you all my dear friends.
sobriety isn't the end goal. ..what unites most of us? in this sub i commonly see themes of happiness health being a better friend or family member achieving career or financial betterment yearning to act with pride and self respect etc...sobriety is a means to an end. it is a process just like life is a process.
Can I ask who? Thanks for sharing.
I've been thinking about him too. ..Thank you for this post.
Thank you
I needed to hear this I need strength today. If I can get through today I'll be safe all weekend because I'm going on a trip with my wife and she makes sure that I'm sober (also being around her makes me not want to drink I just feel naturally relaxed)...There's this itch I have to want to drink in the afternoon a bit because it's been such a long and hectic couple of weeks. But I will not drink with you today. I will skip the drinks in honor of the person who lost their battle with this disease we all suffer from...May you all have a safe day a safe weekend.
I have reached out for help in so many different ways and to different people and nothing. ..Haven't relapsed cant imagine that will last long tho. Like wtf
So sad upon hearing it. One thing that I learned during recovery that sometimes substances act as a self-medicating agent to cover up underlying mental illnesses. Mine was depression and I am still under treatment. ..Was just watching Louis C. K. on telly as he was bragging and making numerous jokes about suicide. This is not a joke.
Is there a standard FAQ or text we can share with people we see that are expressing the intent to self-harm?  I know that most of us are not trained counselors but at the same time if an individual is relying heavily on SD I'd like to be able to point them in the correct direction.  I see most people direct them to the ER but are other services (like suicide hotlines) not an option as well?..Thanks for any input on this.
Fell off last night after ten days. Miserable today even though I had less than my usual.
All I can say from my experience is that we need more human contact with connection if that makes any sense. I tried many times to be open about my daemons and nobody cared.  In conversation with friends in similar situations people that could be in similar subs although not this one shared the same experience nobody realizes or care Im not saying with ill intention...I had to cut people out and do this for myself. Will I die of boredom (which was one of the first hard things I faced)? well no!..Surprisingly to me was that with this poison out of my system for some weeks I started feeling a lot better. Not happy but that deep dark place was gone. ..We need to do for ourselves what we would do for anyone we love. I do not say I am my biggest fan (not that I have any) but I am in a much better place after giving it up and THAT itself helps a lot...I am just sharing my experience.
I posted here the night I was considering taking my own life. I was saved by you all. It's been 4+ years now and I don't regret reaching out for help. Not once. If you need to talk to someone... anyone... Call 1-800-273-8255  [National Suicide Prevention Lifeline](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/) They can help where others can't.
I tried to quit like 60 times. Maybe a dozen badge resets. Lots of people with days like mine or more will say the same.
[removed]
All together now my brothers &amp; sisters. Be strong &amp; like this post says its okay to relapse it happens. You are not a failure. Everyone works at there own pace. I support each and every single one of you!  IWNDWYT
[removed]
Keep getting up everybody!..And if you can't get up let us know we've got chairs and crutches and shit.  ...We also have a lot of ears.
It's a struggle just remember that.Keep fighting
Very sad to hear about this.  I have a person very close to me that attempted suicide as a result of not taking care of themselves after quitting drinking.  He was walking around as a dry drunk and his mental state worsened over time.  The thought is that we drink because we have underlying issues.  Drinking is the solution.  If we take the solution away those underlying issues are still there.  If we walk around with those unaddressed it could worsen our mental state.  It's why there should be another solution that is put in place.   Removing the drinking isnt the only work that is required for most.  Granted some have more serious conditions than others.  Depression anxiety etc..but in any event being part of a support group therapy etc is all important.  Not saying the person wasnt working hard at it from all angles it's just important to be aware that it does happen.
I have been thinking about this person all week. It's been weighing so heavily on me especially because it seems to have given several more people the courage to open up to us about their suicidal thoughts. I hate that this is a level that we as humans are able to get to; our brains are so magnificent but it feels cruel that they can betray us like this...One thing I think we should point out and I see that it already kind of has is that as supportive and helpful as this community is it can't be a substitute for professional medical help. While it can definitely be the thing that gets you through the next minute the next hour or the next day it isn't the place that can resolve a crisis of this magnitude. ..Would it be worth putting together a list of professional resources maybe by country or something like that that can be stickied in the About section? (I looked briefly on mobile but didn't see one. Apologies if I just flat out missed it). I know hotlines wouldn't be a lot of people's first choice but if having that number handy saved even one person's life I think it would be worth it...My heart and my thoughts are with everyone who is affected by what happened and is happening this week. Huge hugs to everyone. Please stay with us.
I agree it does depend on the person. Everybody does their own recovery - I really believe that. The fact that cravings put him in a place where he felt like suicide is the only option is a thing of great sorrow.  It is sad and very very scary.
I have a weird question: Since we are all essentially internet strangers how do we know when someone passes away/is hospitalized/etc.? Also I'm so sorry for anyone who is in that dark place. Most of us have been there and it's awful. I wish he would have gotten help. I literally just got home from a funeral about an hour ago and death as a result of complete despair completely ravages families communities etc. IWNDWYTD
Thabks man.  I recently made a post like that.  I got blackout drunk and woke up in a pool of blood.  Apparently I cut my wrist up pretty bad and passed out.  I dont remember any of it and it really disturbs me.....I'm still here though
Your post made perfect sense to me. You're absolutely right.
Sometimes it isn't about the drinking but what you're trying to numb yourself against...It is tragic and if there was anything to be done it should be passed to the next person that it can help.
Great advise. Better to slip up and recover them to be gone forever.
It's an awful feeling. OP (the lad who passed)  knew  the options. He didn't want to travel all that way to be sent home on meds. .People I thought I  knew  my options and still failed twice at quitting it all. The next day the FD PD Sheriff and the EMS all were there to protect me from myself. The ER has kind nurses. The inpatient facility had pleasant staff who wanted to help.   There are more options than I ever would've guessed. .I did finally reach out after the second attempt and I've been sober for 19 days. My support looks familiar as they've been there the whole time. I just didn't need them. .If you're feeling desperate call that someone you know who'll pick up. We all have that person or two. .#IWNDWYT
I needed this so badly. The night before last was the worst of my current relapse ever. I've never been suicidal before but I really felt for the first time like I would be better off not existing. Luckily I was able to get to the doctor yesterday they got me new meds and new visits with my care team that I've been blowing off for months due to cost. I will not drink today because I can't know what demon is going to manifest in the drunken miasma.
I didn't know this had happened. Sorry to hear that.
I needed to wake up to this post - thank you.
A meeting is a good place to go ya know
How do you know they passed. You know them personally? I'm confused.
That's weird I wonder what's going on. I'm having a really rough day myself and can't put my finger on it...I'm close to 9 months sober and I haven't felt this depressed in months. ..I'm ok I've spoken to my sister and went to a meeting this morning and will head back home this weekend but I was definitely in a funk today...Thanks for the post it's nice to remember that I'm not alone and I'm not the only one that feels this way...I'm sorry for your loss.
oh my goodness. Thank you for posting this. I felt the need for a drink tonight but I'm not going to. ..&lt;3
I've relapsed over and over on several different things. I'm still trying to figure out a way to relapse with a vice once a month. But for the drinking it's been a hard road. I'm finally at a point that when I drink I get sick. Doesn't stop my head from wanting it though after a couple days; so I wrote myself a note after drinking a pint telling myself exactly how I felt physically and mentally. It's kept me from drinking again so far. Even as a coping mechanism. Don't feel like a loser because you fail; you're only a loser when you stop trying. We can all give ourselves a little slack if needed. We can start over and over and over. I'm still starting over on that other vice. Every month. One day it'll click God Bless the failures; they teach us the most
Wow that's deep and sad    my heart breaks for those going through it    very sad    I feel like manny of us can relate to the feelings. It's always hard to hear that someone lost the battle   
His original post reaching out for help and then the sad update has haunted me for the last few days.
Hello all...I am truly sad when I read this. I almost feel unable to say anything at all let alone anything helpfull. ..However I feel to not say something would be selfish...I wish to offer my support to this person's family and send my condolences if you happen to be reading this...To all who knew them here I also offer my sympathy as I know we all care. ..I know we all at times face struggles myself included. I just want to thank all for the depth of love and care shown here. Please know I am here for all if you are struggling and only too happy to try to help. ..Take care. Kind regards.  Your Friend John....         
Yes agree the issues could beyond an addiction. My thoughts are with him and his family. We need to encourage each other to go for help beyond this sub
Thank you. I'm probably one you read about &amp; I so appreciate this post.
Today I didn't drink even though when I was hanging out with my friends all my peers started to drink beers. I even brought my own beer and didn't drink it. Everytime I did one day without it I have this feeling that I can reward myself WITH alcohol. I don't know how to reward myself with anything else then junkfood and/or drinking alcohol. What's something you can reward yourself with that's considerably healthy?
thank you for this. i haven't been taking care of myself like i should (basic needs to avoid getting HALTy) which led to a downward spiral and i drank last night. feel terrible about it today. i know what triggered it. i also know that if i would have read a few posts here or posted myself that i probably would not have drank. &lt;3 to you all out there.
I can't believe this this is so horrible. A lot of people are giving good ideas on this post as for what to do when/if someone is feeling suicidal. Odezenne9's question was so basic- he simply needed to know how to get help and from whom. It seems to me that he was somewhere in Europe (Britain?) and many of us don't know the psychiatric protocols in different countries. I propose that we have a place on the sub that is very obvious giving everyone instructions on suicide hotlines in every possible country as well as what to expect when going to the ER (or elsewhere) for help. In the U.S.. he would have been placed on a 72-hour psych hold as some have mentioned and the hospital would have discussed the medication option but not forced anything on him and found a suitable place for him to go since he was so afraid of going back home but I have no idea how this works in Australia or throughout Europe etc. Sometimes people need immediate in-person help and a hotline or referral isn't enough...&amp;#x200B;..My motto for the past 11 months has been "just make it through the night". I don't know if it seems disrespectful but I deliberately used his username because I think it is right to humanize him and never forget his journey. He will be keeping a lot of us sober through his tragedy.
[removed]
I've been kind of tired today and being Friday I've had a considerable urge to drink. However I haven't drank and I don't intend to. I checked my day count and it's motivation. I read some of the struggles of the SD community and I remember those troubling feelings very well. ..My sympathy goes out to everybody that is dealing with cravings today and every day is a new challenge. I know it's tough believe me. But having a drink versus choosing our good health is no decision at all. Let's not go down that self-destructive path. Let's encourage each other and find encouragement through each other. ..We can all do this. I won't drink with you today!
Thirty five years ago in my mid 20's I was so discouraged that I bought about suicide. At the time my grasp on sobriety was tenuous but I thought about my aunt and uncle who'd listened to me stood by me and I just couldn't leave them that way. I understood the hurt and damage a person does to those left behind by taking one's life. I have to think that a person who chooses death over life is in so much pain he/she simply cannot see a way through. I feel so fortunate because my circumstances eventually changed for the better and my heart aches for people whose lives didn't get easier to the point they felt nothing might make it better.
Thank you for this.  I relapsed 4 days ago.  Been there ever since.
Underlying issue(s) + alcohol is the true demon here. I recently relapsed after almost a year and I was instantly into some very dark thoughts. It's most likely a good indication of why I relapsed in the first place I obviously have some stuff I still need to work through. Progress not perfection.
Thank you for this post. For several days now I've been tormented with the thought of relapsing. Those wicked thoughts make me cringe but at the same time I just miss numbing myself from the bs. As dramatic as it sounds I honestly feel like I'm fighting for my life because I know what awaits if I relapse. Good to know I'm not alone. Good to see the encouragement on here that I can't seem to find anywhere near me where I am. IWNDWYT
Thank you for this. I used to feel I had to be either drink free or in AA. Now I go to AA and am still drinking. I don't want to drink. I want to be free like the people in AA. But I keep drinking but I don't want to I want to stop. So I keep going to AA. They say the only requirement is a desire to quit. I desire to quit. So I'm not going to quit trying to quit. I hope one day it sticks.
Thank you for this post and the discussion. This is what community looks and feels like.  We are bereft. We want this persons story to not be over.  I was heartened by how many responses and hands reaching out this person received from this community. Yet we were unable to help. We are ALL in this together. We all know how this happens.  This shit is killing so many people.  .We are witness. .I am encouraged in big ways for a better world   by the community of truth and love seekers in this space.
I've felt suicidal hangovers. In the last 2 weeks. I haven't had a drink in 13 days. But now I want one :( why does this happen to us
Twenty years ago my IT person told me that the only thing worse than debugging a computer over the phone was doing it by email.  I think the same applies to suicide intervention which I did overnights 3X/week for two years.  The best advice here is to encourage them to talk to someone in real time or better to see someone in person.  800 273 8255 In person we see 10 times more than we do over the phone and on the phone we hear 10 times more than can be communicated by text on a screen.  I looked at the original message after this happened and I did not see anything that leapt out which was that much different than many many other postings here.  But were I on the phone then I could have delved in deeper to better assess the situation.  Feeling suicidal and being suicidal are two entirely different beasts...For those who are interested I consider the time I spent on the lines to have been some of the most rewarding and soul searching time spent in my life.  If you are in a large city there is likely a center where one can volunteer.  This sums it up better than I could here.  I heard this on the radio while driving and I had to pull over because it was so similar to a call that I had taken that it just emotionally overwhelmed me...https://themoth.org/stories/perfect-moments..Still hits me like a punch in the gut.
