-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsi0e8/thanks_for_letting_me_vent_here_im_coming_up_6/

I was freaking out a few days ago when I realized this and figuring out there is still more work to do to get my life back and where I want it. I realized in a meeting that I didn't destroy myself in a day and therefore I was actually sober a very relatively short time. ..It took ever ounce of my being to stop drinking and stop suffering for the 6 months but now I'm realizing that all the feelings I was hiding and all the reasons I was hiding from trauma without drink I'm experiencing all this stuff anew. ..Its overwhelming I guess especially at first. But the more days that creep by I'm realizing more progress more productivity and more traveling down the road to get what I want. This helps me get by this and that I know if I slip up i probably will not be able to do this again. ..So for me this means more work more meetings and confronting more fear. As everyday that goes by though I'm getting more options back I'm being reliable again I can look in the mirror and take myself seriously without wondering in the back of my head whether I'm making it up or not. ..I'm getting so many things back and I need to remind myself of that as I keep working forward. I didn't realize how much i lost in the years of drinking and how much it's going to take to rebuild that and achieve again. But i know already how much easier life has become and how much i can focus and upkeep long term goals and getting love motivation and just positive positive emotions back is worth getting through the different. ..Thanks for allowing me to vent and figure myself out as I keep not drinking and I'll just have to work at my trauma sober (which progress is quicker and easier) as I get used to life in full dimension again. It's still a struggle but I'm seeing huge positives already now I have to address my life and how much damage I did and rebuild and move on....I am not that person anymore. I have to tell myself as I move forward
----------immediate responses--------

Something I noticed that happens is when we are working these good/liberating/constructive feelings they add to the momentum that carries us forward.  I trusted this would evolve from a sort of steady marching forward through the progression of healing and into a joyful dance through life.  The evolution is real keep going!  Acceptance/appreciation of every phase and stage of this inner revolution of being exactly where I need to be in the order of progress as I receive information about healing my life and my spirit and I apply it and see it working has been something that keeps me buoyed up.  Congratulations on 6 months of freedom     here's a slice of some of the best cake you've ever tasted!
  IWNDWYT
These types of posts are my fave can relate.
For me the 4th step was the turning point.  It SUCKED!!! I mean really sucked but I believe it made all the difference in the world when it came to my ability to put any sobriety together.
