-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsp0ne/today_should_have_been_a_trigger/

So I just wanted to share my story with you guys... I work at a call center and parking is somewhat limited. So a lot of people park illegally and get away with it myself included a couple of times. Today I did it as well with no worries about getting towed low and behold a tow truck decided to tow my car and another co-worker's as well because we were parked in a red zone. Normally something like this would have me stressed on the verge if tears and wanting to drink. But as I sat there at work knowing I was going to have to pay over $100 after work to get my car back (fortunately we got paid today another reason I think they decided to tow us today  ) I had no urge to drink! I was surprised by this because I felt like lately I was missing drinking and how it sucks that I'm someone who can't just casually have a drink with some friends. But today of all days I had no urge to drink because of this stressful situation! I am happy knowing this because I thought I might have a slip soon but knowing that I could get through this and not drink gives me newfound hope for myself! Even my co-worker told me fuck drinking and to buy my babies something   So I just wanted to share my story for anyone else out there who might find themselves struggling. This community is a big support to me I am so thankful for it. Today is another day one day at a time everyone! IWNDWYT!   
----------immediate responses--------

That can definitely be tough. Congrats on not letting it get to you. I've been in situations like that before and folded. This left me with an unexpected car cost AND a hangover which is way worse than just the unexpected car cost the next day! IWNDWYT.
I've had some truly awful things happen this year and my mind goes to how much worse drinking would make them. I never thought I'd actually feel that way but I do. I'm glad you do too but that truly sucks about your car.
Definitely would have made things worse if I drank! Drinking would have cost some money and aside from the money that the alcohol costs there is also the cost of disappointing the hubby   Which would come with it's own shame and guilt. Glad I stayed strong and I have a place where I can find support  
