-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsw316/remorse_and_sorrow/

So I'm at 73 days today but I've only slipped 3 times total since New Years after years of heavy abuse frequent quits/relapses kindling etc. I'm not sure what stage my brain chemistry healing and PAWS progression is at but I'm feeling pretty wonderful generally. ..Then yesterday for whatever reason remorse hit me so fucking hard. I was just slammed by this feeling of regret and sorrow for all the damage I did. Like uncontrollable crying panic attack level regret. I'm trying to forgive myself but that seems trite. How could I have been so awful? How do I ever regain myself and my confidence when I did such reprehensible things? I can't reconcile feeling ok about myself now with the knowledge that my blacked-out meat suit causes so much wreckage seeded all these traumas on top of older traumas hurt everyone I love. Like how the fuck could I? I vehemently hate that person - yet I am that person inescapably. ..SD how do I sit with these feelings and get through the rest of today? I'm not interested in drinking but this really really hurts. Please help.
----------immediate responses--------

Well I'm not an aa person but I do think the process of making amends to those you've hurt can be healing. FWIW. ..Another idea is do  reparations  in a sense by doing volunteer work that helps others. That can help heal self esteem. ..IWNDWYT
The 12 step program of AA is what helped me deal with the wreckage of my past. Meetings by themselves helped me not drink but eventually I talked myself into actually working the steps and it totally changed my life. There are still some amends I have not made. 26 years after working the steps. But the key is being willing to make those amends if I am ever afforded the opportunity. ..IWNDWYT
How about writing down what you did and then ripping the pages up to throwing them in a camp fire. Symbolism can help.
What helped me the most with remorse and regret was working the 12 steps of AA. They contain tools to deal with these feelings and helped me make appropriate amends. ..I learned to "lean into the pain" and that I could survive. Talking with my therapist and peers in AA gave me insight and the realization that I was not alone. ..When I am sober I am much less likely to hurt people and do things which make me feel ashamed. So today sobriety makes me a better person.
I'm an imperfect human...Just like you...I've made mistakes.  I've had gaffes fails harms hurts and guilts...My mind *can* use that against me.  It *can* run those missteps by me in an unceasing loop in a projector in my head...I can short circuit that.  ..I have a couple options.  One is to let that loop run and wallow in remorse and regret...However I recognize that life is not about rehearsing that which has already occurred...Life is about the next decision in front of me that forwards my intentions...I can turn those past regrets into Something of Value...If I use those missteps to inform my next choice to optimize the decision and translate it into ACTION I have wisely used my past...Information in and of itself is pretty useless...Information becomes Knowledge when I use it to make a decision...When I assess the results I created from my decision Knowledge grows Judgment.  ..When I use my Judgment to make better Decisions NOW I grow Wisdom...If I use my regrets to grow Wisdom it is valuable.  ..Then I can forgive myself.  Then I can help others.
