-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsw71b/when_will_the_pain_stop/

I am about to hit five months on June 1st. I hate to be one of those but when I gave up the sauce on January 1st I was so sick and tired that it was almost too easy. Yeah the first month was hard because I couldn't go to my usual haunts but I had the gym and eating right so I kept myself occupied enough. Once I got past that and I could hang out in bars and not feel the urge to drink   i felt like I had it. I conquered it enough and yeah i will have my moments but nothing compared to the first couple of months...Man who was I fucking kidding. I read about the peaks and valleys but I never knew how rough they can get it. I'm an independent chick I'm used to being strong I'm used to being able to cope and figure it out. I'm the one folks come to when they're falling apart. ..Except I'm a mess i feel like I'm having a breakdown. I have spent the better part of two weeks a fucking mess. Crying messing up at work can't focus isolating (which I'm working hard on not doing) I feel not like myself and I hate it. My friend who is also struggling with sobriety has gone AWOL or at least won't talk to me and he was the only person right now who got it. That triggered all my abandonment issues followed by my dad who triggered me too on top of the anxiety of going back home sober this holiday weekend. The gym isn't helping I can't write because I'm blocked therapy doesn't feel like it's helping. I'm just in this fog with no end in sight. ..I'm sitting here on the bench outside of the hotel smoking (yeah relapsed there) and typing to you all holding back the tears... I just feel so alone and from what I've read this is normal but it's jarring. I know I have to face all this stuff but that's scary too because I'm so used to running from everything and everyone while drinking myself into numbness oblivion. I have had so many cravings to drink not because I miss it but because I want the pain to stop. It just all hurts and I've been reading about trauma boundaries attachment theory etc and I see so many correlations but then I think I'm almost 37 what the hell   shouldn't I have figured this out by now?! What's wrong with me and then I start bawling all over again...It's a holiday weekend and I'm just afraid scared angry agitated and I want some relief. The hotel room I'm in has a fridge and I want to stock it but I'm not. I may smoke though and I will he okay with that but I won't drink. I know this was a long post and #bless for you getting through all of it. I just had to get it out because I'm just drowning in everything right now but IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Reading your post really resonated with me. You sound like a very strong individual and should be proud of how far you've come! I'm struggling with giving up smoking too and am afraid how hard it will be once I let it go for good but not drinking is a huge accomplishment. Stay strong!..IWNDWYT
Have you discussed depression with your therapist? Finding the right Rx has made a world of difference for me.
5 months is a big accomplishment. I'm sorry that you're having a rough week...As tempting as drinking is right now it will not make life any easier. It will just become a different type of hard...It's good that you are seeing someone for these feelings. I think that you might benefit from medication if you're willing to give that another shot. Sometimes it takes some trial and error to find the right one...Chin up. Regardless of everything that is going on you have your sobriety. Don't forget that. ..IWNDWYT!
[removed]
I can really relate to this. I don't have much encouragement to offer except that it became very relative for me. I was drowning when I decided to quit. and then I felt like I was drowning 40% of the time and then 30% and then 20% etc. It got to be much less and much quicker recovery these "mood swings" (a terrible way to describe the overwhelming emotion and feeling of hopelessness) but I can sort of see it a bit better while I'm in it now like "oh shit this is happening and I'm gonna feel it and it's gonna floor me but it will pass and soon." and I drop what I thought was important and go do whatever I can to get away from shit for a minute. ..Last time it hit me just a couple of days ago. I was so utterly fed up with everyone I live with: my asshole husband my asshole brother my non-contributing teens all the trash left in piles around the property the overwhelming chores that no one seems to do etc. I was crying and mowing the lawn and worrying about cooking dinner after a long day at work and I just said "fuck it". I was going crazy and I knew it. Hormones didn't help either. So I went to my mom's house and played a card game with her and I was still miserable but at least I was away from the house for a bit. ..Sometimes if I can just get through the hour of super horrible emotion and get myself to do something else somewhere else it all can slowly settle down. ..Stick with it. It gets better.
[removed]
