-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt2dsj/lessons_about_addiction_everywhere/

I'm seeing this theme of addiction showing me lessens often lately...I went camping for a week. One of my uncles said "the only girl on the trip and she's going to drink all the guys under the table!" My mom was so proud to tell him I'm 9 months sober. He was right I would have been the drunkest person on the trip no doubt. A couple guys got a little drunk one or two nights but everyone kept it pretty reasonable. I watched them get a little louder and repetitive and had no envy...I did pick up smoking again on the trip.. Felt like I needed some oblivion in my life and I knew I'd be mooching cigars from my brother so I brought my own. I was shocked almost instantly I went back to having regular cravings every 45 minutes. Addiction reminding me just how close I am to relapse at any time. I know those AA sayings are so true "no matter how far you are down the road of recovery you are always 10 feet from the ditch." I'm giving up the cigars the few I truly enjoyed were not worth the rollercoaster of desire...I have a family member who just got out of intensive rehab and immediately relapsed. This person is poised to lose everything: her spouse her children her job her life. But she can't stop going back to the bottle. Alcohol is a horrible drug. My family is all so worried that the worst will happen. It's hard to watch even though I know the call of alcohol and it controlled me for over a decade there are many parts of extreme addiction I am unfamiliar with and I feel so helpless in her situation...&amp; my mother's husband just lost a young family member to overdose this week. She was not yet 30 and she has a young child left with no parents now. So heartbreaking...All of these things pop up and they remind me: constant vigilance. I am struggling with my feelings sadness for those grieving worry about my family member. Also realizing that the hope I hold on to about my SO getting sober is probably false.. He is much further down the road of addiction than I ever was and I think alcohol may yet take his life...I'm scared and anxious but I am so grateful that I am sober today. I couldn't have done it without this amazing subreddit so thank you...Stay strong out there.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man my heart really goes out to you re: your SO. I don't think my heart could bear it. Do you have adequate support around that? IWNDWYT.
It's amazing how many people have been effected by it..I'm proud of you for not drinking. And giving up smoking the first time &amp; this time. .Smoking &amp; caffeine are my two vices. .As far as your SO goes.....read through Alanon..You'll find good support there should you need it..IWNDWYT
Very well done on your sober time. I am so sorry to hear of your family member and husband. It truly must be hard to watch. I feel the best you can do is be sober and you may just show an example. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.         
 The way it discredits me  is so true. You're doing great especially with the emotional obstacles you've been facing. Keep it up. ..IWNDWYT
