-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt2saa/wanting_to_go_back/

It's getting so nice out. People are everywhere wearing tank tops and shorts. It's *beer* weather. There are so many kinds of beers. Why can't I just have one? Does it always have to be this way????? I'm struggling hard but here I am. I think I'll just be sober for the rest of today and see what happens. .IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You can always have a beer next week. Or not. Dont fret about today. Today you can just be sober and enjoy your day.
One was never enough eh?..I find myself romanticizing alcohol sometimes.. Often it's when I'm doing something I haven't done sober yet. The seasons changing is a big trigger. In those moments I try to do a bit of journaling urge surfing and revisit the resources I used to pry alcohol's grip off my brain in the first place (for me it's my dog-eared highlighted pages of Alcohol Explained This Naked Mind and The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober)...It's a beautiful day here too. Can you get a nice treat for yourself? I've been praying for the ice cream truck to roll by. I'm about to open a nice kombucha to sip on.
I find that going back through old posts and reading them helps to remind me of why it's worth it. Also what good is one? Chances are you don't want one. If I just wanted one I never would have come here. I would have one beer maybe get bored of it halfway through and think about something else. ..Sometimes doing a "relapse" search word in r/stopdrinking is a good motivator to keep me on track. Many times I decide that a milkshake or a smoothie is a way better way to celebrate the wonderful weather.
I'm feeling it too! I think it's common it's a long weekend here in the US and the triggers are real! ..Today I looked at some pictures from about a year ago. I remembered how sad I was. I was miserable trying to moderate. The fact is moderation is my own hell. Being sober is significantly more relaxing and freeing. ..Sigh. Do what you need to do just don't drink. Take a nap. A shower. Buy a fancy seltzer. Eat a pint of ice cream. And if you can enjoy sober life. It's great and we both KNOW that.
All weather is beer weather - a flavor for every season and you *can* have as many as you like! Then again you might recall how the experience will end and chose not to use. Summer is sparkling water weather too.
Do you really want to go back.  To that.  Why did you ever leave?  Because REASONS... right?  Right now you're golden.  You've got it made.  You'll see
I need to get my thighs tight for the real summer weather. Drinking won't help that   so vanity helps a little maybe? Also I remember how shitty I felt   and how much I hated myself this time last year. Sober doesn't look too bad when I'm digging the person I'm becoming. Gotta love cheesecake tho! IWNDWYT
I associated alcohol with a good time.  In reality alcohol was not a good time for me.  That was all in my head.  If alcohol were really wonderful I would not be at Stop Drinking.  ..I play it forward.  If I were to drink today what would happen? I'd feel guilty while I was doing it. I'd immediately get drunk.  Because I drank once why not the next day? I'd be trapped in the nightmare again.  None of that would be fun for me...Best wishes to you! I'm rooting for you!
Do you really just want one?..One beer pissed me off. I always wanted another. And another. Having one was worse than having none at all.
