-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt8r4z/actually_had_fun_at_a_party_without_drinking/

I've struggled with binge drinking for quite a few years. Often I'm moderate and controlled able to have two or three drinks without issue but every now and then I drink to a point where my brain decides to not stop drinking until I'm physically unable to continue. Well after a particularly sloppy night while my partner was away I decided that I needed to take a break. I don't have a firm plan but I'm just trying to not drink for a while...Last night I went to a friend's 30th birthday party. I didn't drink and I actually had fun! I always rely on alcohol as a social lubricant a few drinks at home to get in the mood more there to keep myself social. But last night I smoked a little bit (it's legal here) stuck to water met new people and had a really good time.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. I have a wedding tonight with an open bar. I'm getting my game plan ready to not drink!
I read that alcohol takes the credit for us "loosening up" and my first few sober outings I was surprised to find that its true. It's normal to be a bit jittery at the start but it's the passing of time that makes us relax. &amp; we get a natural high from socializing. Alcohol just happened to be there all those times taking the credit!! Amazing stuff.
It's a good feeling. It's about the mindset going in. You arrive to a party worried you won't have a good time and that fuels the end result. I've noticed if I'm in a good mood and don't think about alcohol too much it's a blast. Good job
Way to go!
Awesome! I went out last weekend and didn't drink and actually had a better time..I was quite scared before I went but my friends were cool about me drinking coke..I was quite impressed with my friends as they held themselves together all evening.  I would have got really pissed and chatted nonsense if I were drinking..I respect they can handle their beer but I can't...But it did teach me that I can have a much better time if I don't drink.
