-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btbl9w/a_shitty_realization_that_keeps_me_going/

I went out Friday night to a bar with some friends. This had been the 4th or 5th time I've gone out since my sober journey started (3 1/2 months in now). So far I haven't had much of a problem going to bars since I stopped drinking. It's not my favorite thing to do but I like hanging out with my friends in social settings. I usually drive so I can dip out early once everybody gets too drunk and I stop having a good time. This past Friday was terrible though. We got to the bar about 10 o clock. There were a bunch of people there that we knew from high school people that I weren't that close with. Once everyone started drinking and catching up with one another I started to feel like I was a fly on the wall. Everyone seemed to be laughing and having a great time except me. I sat in the corner for the last half hour I was there just staring at my phone feeling like a loser. I thought maybe if I get a drink or two I could loosen up and have a good time like everyone else is doing. Why can't I just be like everyone else? Why do I feel so inadequate and insecure? Why do I feel like such a loser? Do I really need to drink just to try to fit in with these people? Why do I care so much about fitting in and being accepted? ..So i decided to drive home at midnight before the temptation got to me. I felt so alone and sad. I was wondering how I'll ever find a way to live a fun and fulfilling life while sober which has been my mission to try to figure out since I started on this journey. It's so hard I don't know what to do and I just feel lost. But when I got home I saw something that really put things in perspective. My dad had passed out sitting at the island in the kitchen while eating his food and watching t.v. I sat there for a few minutes and just stared at him through the window. "This is why you cant drink man." I said to myself. Because I know now if I give in and just say fuck it I'm going to end up exactly like my dad. He's drank his whole adult life. He never went to college never had any hobbies never followed any of his passions or pursued his dreams. Never had any drive or ambition. There was a time when I was younger - too young to really remember but my older sister has filled me in recently - when he would come home from work absolutely tanked like all the time. He doesn't do that anymore but he does have a few beers everyday. Always seems to find an excuse to have a few. I haven't seen him this drunk in a while and it really broke my heart to see him like that. I do have a lot of similarities with him. I went to college but never finished I had hobbies but they slowly started to get replaced by weed and booze and I am passionate about some things and have dreams I want to fulfill but i feel like I have been putting them on the back burner for the past few years now by drinking and smoking to forget my problems. Anxiety and depression had consumed me for a while until I said enough is enough. I'm getting better everyday but no where near where I need to be it's an everyday struggle. I've been dealing with this shit since 18. I'm 22 now. Choosing sobriety has been the best decision of my life. Although I truly never want to drink or smoke weed again sometimes it just gets hard. But in those moments of weakness now I can picture my dad slumped over in his chair. I know if I go back down that path I'll end up just like him. And I don't want that. ..Keep pushing everybody. Find that thing that keeps you going and anchor yourself to it. I love you all and I'm so happy to have this sub to express my thoughts and feelings to. I don't know what I would do without it. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 3 and a half months! That is great! It is not easy and it does get hard you are so right. We have to make it through one day at a time.  It is very wise of you to acknowlege that would be your future sitting passed out at the island in the kitchen if you had not quit drinking. I know it hurts to see a loved one do this to themselves. We can only control ourselves and make today and tomorrow better for us. IWNDWYT
I definitely have some similiarities with your story.  My father has also drank for most of his adult life and I'm also around the same age as you. I'm in my hometown for the summer and I am worried about going out with my friends to bars because I'm bound to run into people from highschool because I live in a very small town. However I know that deep down I'm my own worst enemy but also my own best friend. I have slowly been trying to accept my own company and feel more comfortable in my own skin--something I used to just fake by excessively drinking. But I definitely get too stressed in social drinking settings so I am personally going to try and avoif them until I feel I'm ready (which probably won't be for a while) As for the weed I'm still working on trying to give that up as well and am definitely struggling to actually give that a go as well. ..I realized that my comment was just me talking about myself but some advice I can give is to focus on yourself and write out a list of those hobbies you want to get back into or start pursuing. Keep that list where you can see it and try to just do one thing to start one of them per day. Thank you for your post because it helped me realize some things that are true in my life as well...Good luck on your journey and stay strong!..IWNDWYT
Hey man. Reading through your post I was like yup. Check check Check. Can defo relate. You are not the only one. That significant feeling of not being  part of the group' is horrifying. .But I guess we have to weigh up the cost of drinking vs the cost of not drinking on the whole. .. I too rather not be part of the group than end up like my dad. I wil chose to be stronger alone! .Good luck!
Thanks for sharing this I can relate to the fly-on-the-wall feeling when everyone else is  loosened up .  Good for you for 3.5 months!  As I guy who is now 50 and dealing with this I wish I had come to the realization as young as you that booze wasn't the answer and kinds of takes over your life slowly.... stick with it!  IWNDWYT
Strong work  !
