-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btgg5l/surpassed_1_year_and_6_months_of_happy_sobriety/

Its true what they say "My worst day sober is still a million times better than my best day drinking."  Many of my  challanges are either solved and dealt with.  Any new ones are simply more manageable because I gifted myself the tools  of relentless commitment AA therapy and changing every area of my life.  I now have tons of tools to navigate obstacles.  I am no longer friends with ppl of my past and am very happy for that - I have newer healthier more loving giving ppl in my life. Not many but I realized I only need 1-3 ppl in life and that I am lucky if I get more. (Lot of sick/untreated ppl in this world. I no longer need to try and help fix change them or play the victim.  I've had the power all along.  Same goes with any health issues.  Theres a solution for everything! I don't use one tool I use a thousand...no excuses!)  My life and happieness and peace/serenity is my responsibility...Im happy to be in charge of my own life and build it the best it can be.  I would not trade my new life or happy sobriety for anything.   To think I even used to drink/smoke week hang in bars with ppl who werent even my true friend is unfathomable.   I love and respect myself now.  :)  I deserve love and happiness with other like minded ppl.   If you find more than 1 good person in this world hold onto them (friends included!)  Good ppl are RARE.  Commit to self love and self respect. Work HARD and youll get there. ..&amp;#x200B;..Happy 18 months to me!!!..Struggling? Need guidance? Ask me anything :)
----------immediate responses--------

Wow 18 months Congratulations to you! That is phenomenal!  I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations! I'm happy for you.
Congrats!!!
Great post full of amazing advice thank you for sharing and congratulations!!!
Congrats!  I have the same story and have been removing toxins and the toxic people abusive family as well for some time now.  Finally standing and creating boundaries I didn't know I could do that for decades and working on me.  Getting past feeling selfish for thinking of me so much but this is my life I am the only one who can save me from this hell hole I dove into decades ago to hide be small disappear.  34 days with no alcohol and nothing will stop me now.  Thank you for your post it was just what I needed to read this morning.  You're on an amazing journey and rocking it!
