-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btmpm7/family_is_gone_empty_house_day_off_work_on_the/

This is my first attempt at living sober.  For the first time since quitting I have an honest desire to drink.  I've got the time and money and privacy to get away with it.  ...Luckily my desires don't drive my decision making.  I do.    ...I can talk about the 1000 reasons I have not to drink - my wife child family and friends job etc. but none of that stopped me in the past.  The only thing that can stop me is me and I have to remember why I quit in the first place. Relapse starts in the mind long before the first drink so I'm acknowledging my desire but refusing to feed it.  I will not let this desire fester.  If I pretend it doesn't exist then it will only grow stronger.    ...Today I'm stronger.  IWNDWYT.  I'll figure out tomorrow when I get there.  ...I'm leaving for the gym and then heading to work on my day off.  Don't know what I'll do this evening but I'm doing it sober.  ...Stay strong.
----------immediate responses--------

Great decision and plan of action. Stay strong! IWNDWYT
Awesome! ..IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT!
Stay strong!  IWNDWYT!
Stay strong! You have grown so much mate. Good things take hard work
IWNDWYT!
The cravings will pass. Don't give in to them.  Hopefully you feel better after the gym.
IWNDWYT!
This is a powerful post. First knowing that you control your decisions is awesome. When our thoughts are congruent with our words and actions we are standing in personal power. Then to acknowledge your desire and not ignore it is a testament to how self aware you are to the sneakiness of the addicted brain. You are an inspiration! Hope you have/had a great work out. And a preemptive congratulations on hitting the pillow sober. I am planning to do the same! Peace.
Stay busy was always the best plan for me. Boredom was a big trigger. ..Going to work is a good strategy might even be productive. Good job!
Good luck! Great to have a plan. I find in reading this sub that a lot of people are triggered when they are with others who are drinking. Oddly I am the opposite. Now that I've made the decision to stop going out to dinner with friends or family is ok. I'll be good with my club soda and lime. But I am absolutely terrified of being alone. When it's just me and my thoughts and that little voice that keeps saying... no one will know if you drink.... . Thanks for the inspiration!
