-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btp6ee/when_will_i_get_excited/

Today makes 29 days sober. Since turning 21 I can't remember any other time I actively stayed sober for at least 2 weeks so I was doing this more just to see if I can. To detox somewhat and stop using substances as an escape from reality. To prove to myself that I don't need it...I was literally just typing that "my reality isn't really that bad just dealing with anxiety and depression and financial hardships" until I realized that my financial hardships are due to losing my job a couple months ago which occurred due to poor decisions I made because I WASN'T dealing with my depression and anxiety. Lol funny how that loops around. I know I should seek counseling but the fun part about being unemployed is counting pennies and seeing how far you can stretch what little money you have and unfortunately it doesn't stretch as far as therapy...Anyway. My point is that I keep reading about other people here noticing all sorts of positive changes after X amount of days or that they're so excited for their sobriety and really I'm happy for them. But I I'm not happy for myself. I told a friend a week ago that I was over 2 weeks sober for the first time I could remember in a long time and my response to his congratulations was "Thanks!! I hate it!!" I'm counting down the days till May is over because I told myself that's when I could have a drink. I'm still struggling to get out of bed daily. Been making sure to stay hydrated and yet my eyes continue to be too dry in the mornings and glassy by afternoon. I've been making daily goals and checklists for myself to stay productive and despite completing them I lack motivation. Not noticing any skin hair or weight improvements. And I can't tell you how frequently I crave a drink...For some background in my earlier 20's I used to binge drink on the weekends for parties. That slowly elongated out to having a couple drinks maybe a few times a week but not getting drunk. Later 20's I started drinking more like 3-6 times weekly where I'd be drunk at least 3 nights a week. Most recently I realized my "nightcap" was 2-3 mixed drinks that had 2-3 shots of liquor each. This wasn't every night but usually at least twice a week. I still don't really think I ever got to a point of dependency on alcohol but I'm aware of the trends and I didn't want to get to that point...Logically I know that what I'm doing is good for myself. It's something I should feel accomplished for. And yet I don't. I'm just curious if anyone else struggled being happy for their progress? When will I be excited for my sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there!..First thing I want to say is that my best strategy was to take it one day at a time...With that in mind it took a while for not drinking not to suck in almost every way. I was on an emotional rollercoaster for a couple of months. Things finally started to improve in my life at about 100 days not drinking. From there I have been able to make solid improvements one little bit at a time...It has been so worth doing for me.
That first month is a bitch. I also have anxiety depression and insomnia and that shit took a toll on me. Broke because I spent everything on booze and pretty much wanting to die "Leaving Las Vegas " style. I know that a psychiatrist can be daunting but once I was off booze and taking my meds regularly things improved.  You said you were broke  so maybe you qualify for Medicaid. That is also a difficult process  but depending on where you live you may be able to find a free service that connects people to free health insurance. It does get better. ..We believe in you. IWNDWYT
A lot of people do notice differences in the first month and a lot don't...For me it was a sweaty exhausting and emotionally draining start. My body was adjusting to decades of abuse and suddenly everything was different...It took months to get to a place where I felt  better' and in those months I saw a counsellor and made some changes to almost every aspect of my life.  It was hard work...It took work and it took time and I had to learn patience - I had to learn to undo the habits formed from decades of demanding immediate gratification...And I still have a tonne of work ahead of me...Everyone's experience is different it didn't help me to compare mine to others...I hope you'll find and work towards your own definition of success - we all deserve that.
I see it kind of like having kids.  The idea of having kids and seeing them grow up is an exciting thing that gives people joy.  The day to day life of dealing with kids...not so much.  ..I also only really look at the new posts on this sub.  All the super cheerful stuff rises to the front page but there is more stuff life yours under new.
It gets better. For me the time between 30 and 60 days was the worst. I didn't want to drink but my brain was spinning and I was an emotional wreck. I don't recall what happened to make things change which means it was probably a combination of working through my feelings and listening to others who had been there and going to meetings and letting it take time...Hang in there it is so worth it!!..IWNDWYT
