-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bts6pf/roommate_starting_drinking_again_im_upset_and/

This will be resolved but I need a place to vent. My roommate is my best friend and when I quit drinking he cut down significantly then completely cut it out. He had been doing well until Thursday night when I came home to a huge bottle of vodka and tequila (I think?) on the counter. He's blown through a bottle and a half in that time and I'm at a loss. I feel alone and I'm struggling hard. It's been over a year of sobriety for me and it's terrifying that it could all be gone with one slip up.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy spit balls. You a whole year!  Fack eh.  Hi five.
Seeing your friend/roommate should help you not want to go back and your roommate seeing you continue to be sober while they wake up with the shame/anxiety and hangovers should help them want to go back sober.
A year+ is amazing! You should be so proud of yourself. Hang in there. IWNDWYT
Your sobriety should never be tied to anyone else's choice to drink or not drink. It may be uncomfortable and act as a trigger but you had to have gone into this agreement/understanding with your roommate with the thought that they could possibly slip up. ..Your sobriety is just that; YOURS. Stay the course and if need be remove yourself from that environment if it becomes too tempting. ..I'm rooting for you!
Hang in there. It's hard when others that you hang with quit quitting drinking but I think ultimately it makes you stronger. I find that being there when people need me is really important but so is looking after myself. Congrats on the year - awesome
Sooner  or later  you will be in a uncomfortable  place with drinking involved. Its hard to avoid. Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  One year is a real accomplishment.  Your  buddy may or may not  recover and get back on the wagon.  You can be a good example for him.
My roomie did the same thing but I respect his choice to drink because it's exactly that his choice. Not mine. I just have to ignore those two liquor bottles on top of the fridge and stay on the path. He pays to live here too and I'm not going to tell him he can't drink in his own home just because I have a problem.
