-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btzxfh/day_1_and_struggling/

Acid reflux might finally be what finally gets me to say enough despite all the other bad consequences and outcomes I've experienced in life...Woke up so bloated and so uncomfortable. Could not even keep water down. Had 4 alcohol drinks (most of which I didn't keep down) over the course of the day to keep the shaking and anxiety low enough that I could make it through a half day of work. Sober by bedtime and I barely slept at all. Terrible anxiety last night...Acid reflux still bad this morning. Meds only helping slightly if anyone has any tips. Anxiety better this morning shaking ok concentration poor and I can't keep living this way. I don't know why I stick with alcohol even when it's clearly doing so much damage in so many ways. Even when I've taken Naltrexone before going out...Not drinking today. Trying to stay motivated by reminding myself I'll feel better soon. Not sure when or if I'll ever drink again.
----------immediate responses--------

It's a poison and it isn't doing you any good.  Giving up can be hard and that is why we are here to share and support. ..Speaking to your Doctor could be a good start that is what I did. She set me a challenge to not drink for 100 days. That became my goal. ..Giving up is something that you have to do your self but can't do alone. The research show that if you have a support group such as AA or here on Stopdrinking your chances are much better. The help and support I received here made a big difference to me...I found that learning about alcohol and it's effects helped me to understand how to stop. The books Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained taught me a lot...I stick by the rule of not drinking today. Just taking one day at a time. ..IWNDWYT.
 I'm  30 days sober if I can  stop  so can you  just  take  it  one  day  at a time  go to some  AA meeting the first step is the hardest
" Not sure when or if I'll ever drink again."  What do you think of morphing this statement into something like: "I pledge I will not drink today."?..It helps me to look at it this way: drinking consists of a series of actions: 1. deciding that YES I will drink 2. getting the alcohol in a glass or bottle 3. picking it up with my hand 4. swallowing the liquid. These are all actions I can decide not to do in an exact moment. ..For me this is more to the point and actionable than a "not-sure" speculation about "ever" which is an abstract time no one can really pin down. ..In other words I decide not to go on auto-pilot and fall into a pattern of behavior I've decided doesn't make me happy...Just my $.02 FWIW..IWNDWYT = I will not-drink with you today
Hi OP..Been where you are at. and if you have been drinking heavily for a long time - please get medical help for your withdrawal...it can be quite serious.  ..But you can do this.  I wish you the best and IWNDWYT.
One EXACT thing you said led me to my sobriety. You said "I can't keep living this way". I said those exact words January 30th 2014. I woke up that day with my usual hangover headache and just worn out tired. I said "I can't keep living this way" and I googled an AA meeting. I went that night and haven't had a drink since. AA and the rooms help save my life. Maybe AA can do for you what it has done for me. IWNDWYT.
