-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/jyow2/so_long_term_quitters_how_long_did_it_take_you_to/

My story is that I'm at just over 4 months here without a drink and to be honest it is still a day to day struggle.  By comparison I was a heavy smoker who quit 2 years ago and within a couple of months I felt I had the habit "kicked".  That doesn't mean that I never wanted another smoke after a couple of months but it does mean that my attitude against smoking and reduction of physical cravings made smoking less attractive to the point where I never seriously considered going back to smoking.  ..Coming from a person that quit smoking with relative ease alcohol has been a different beast entirely.  I'm not having any physical symptoms but the mental aspect of drinking to pass the time and to socialize still gets me thinking about drinking a lot.  I honestly don't think I'll drink again but I don't have the same comfort level with saying I kicked the habit as I have with quitting smoking.  ..So my question is to the long term quitters.  What is your experience on the subject?  Did things become easier after a while?  6 months? A year? 2 or more years? Never?  I know everyone's situation is different but I'm interested in hearing a bit about how long the road is ahead.     
----------immediate responses--------

After maybe six months or so not drinking was enough of a habit and my life circumstances emotions and health were getting under control. That meant I wasn't always thinking about either drinking or being sober-there were times I was just in my life. I had some days like that earlier but it was about six months for it to be pretty routine...I can't say enough about how not drinking becomes a habit. I understand where some people vigilantly focus on not drinking all the time-but I don't focus on drinking or not drinking. I just don't drink. I recycle I clean house I brush teeth I don't drink. Ingrained habit...I have alcohol in my house for guests. My thought is that if the only thing keeping me from drinking is the absence of booze that's a problem for me. At first I didn't have it around. Now it doesn't register on my radar...If I have a craptacular day I'll still think about getting numb-but it manifests itself as a desire to go through the drive-through and load up on fast food. When my brother died I was at the store buying ice cream and pie then going through the drive through.  I've lost a lot of weight over the years so I understand that fast food overdose isn't healthy but I do every now and then brood with two burgers. I actually do NOT think about drinking when upset or when  socializing...I do know other people who struggle more with thinking about alcohol. I'm grateful that for myself the obsession reduced once it was a habit to not drink..
I read Allen Carr's Easy Way to Control Alcohol and it really changed the way I felt about drinking entirely...So while I occasionally still have that impulse to drink I don't ever feel like it's an "urge" or a "craving." It's really strange. It's more like I just kind of notice that I had the thought and then move on from it. ..That said I'm still pretty new so we'll see what happens. But I used his technique to quit smoking as well and it's worked fine for a month now and drinking feels the same way that smoking did...Congrats on 4 months though! That's amazing! Do you know your quit date? If you reply with it I'll add a badge for you!
I've only been sober just over a year.  I found that when I finally decided to quit in many ways the decision came as a huge relief.  I was so addled in the brain from all my boozing that I was really foggy for a while and I really didn't want to drink because I was afraid I was actually going to die.  I was also extremely up and down emotionally.  I would get really angry I would cry I would get unreasonably happy...Here's the thing:  it will always be a day to day struggle.  This is the only way to approach it.  Even though eventually not drinking will become just as much of a habit as drinking ever was don't make the mistake of thinking that this aspect of yourself has been removed at any point.  Trying to seek that point is a mental trap.  Because once you trick yourself into thinking you've accomplished it the next step is usually something like "Well I've mastered this so one little drink won't hurt."..And then begins the wild ride down the slippery slope...Taking things one day at a time is a call to awareness.  This is actually the way we should approach every aspect of our lives not just being sober.  I often try to pretend that I've just been told I'm going to die tomorrow.  This might sound weird but it makes me appreciate every little thing a lot more.  Cultivating a sense of awareness about all the details of your life might sound like hard work but it's a lot easier than being a drinking alcoholic...I would suggest that you not think of your urge to drink as something that must be tamed.  I would suggest that you simply acknowledge it as a part of yourself and then make the conscious decision to do something else.  As I've mentioned on here before to other people if you make something forbidden you will end up wanting it more.  That's why I don't forbid myself alcohol.  When the urge to drink comes over me I realize that it's not actually a desire to open my mouth and tip a boozy beverage down my throat.  It's the desire to say Fuck Everything and to crawl back into my warm little cave with the temporary illusion that everything is just fine.  So I say to myself "Fine go ahead and drink if you want to.  But not right this moment.  In this moment let's just stop and breathe.  Just be where you are."  ..And it works.  
