-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lm1b2/sunday_morning_roll_call/

Morning folks!..Hope everyone out there is happy healthy and sober this Sunday morning. If you are shake off any bad feelings and go do something new and fun for yourself. Go see a movie cook something new download a new album call your mom. ..If you are still struggling know that there is a better way and that there are complete strangers out there who would be happy to help you. And for the most part all they want in return *is* the chance to help someone. ..Stay strong and let's make sure to be there for each other.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds great to me!.
I'm in. 
[deleted]
Present and accounted for...thinking about napping soon though!
[deleted]
here!  up early and decided to even make a nice sunday dinner to celebrate!  ribs potato salad pumpkin pie.  but i think i'm going to have to make some strong coffee though to get through the vikes game this afternoon.
Thanks pokey. I'm going into the office in a bit but you've inspired me to take off part of the afternoon and go swimming.
Having a great Sunday so-far; drove to work at 6:00AM enjoying my coffee and the complete lack of traffic work has been moving along swimmingly and I've got Monday and Tuesday off!..All in all feeling pretty damn good.
Here. Made it through the first week no problem. Feeling great.
Still dry!
Drinkin' down my coffee after a nice afternoon gearin' up for a long run.
[deleted]
Just checking in having a great sunday so far! Only been awake for an hour but that doesn't matter. Went and saw a movie with my ex fiance last night and had an amazing time we're working on rekindling our relationship after I tore it apart with my using so no complaints here. Feeling a little guilty that I didn't get up at 6 am to go to my 7 am meeting but I needed the sleep and plan on catching a Noon meeting in an hour...Hope everyone is doing well and just like pokey said if anyone just needs someone to talk to reach out! I would be more than happy to talk with you as you would be helping me stay sober as well..Ninja Edit: I love all the new comers checking in! stay strong that first month is an extreme rollercoaster ride along with the few months that follow but it gets easier I promise and as long as you're staying dedicated the obsession WILL LEAVE YOU! One of my favorite quotes from the third step prayer of the Big Book of AA is "Release me of the bondage of self." We're our own worst enemies and as soon as we recognize that we're well on our way to staying sober.
Chaired a meeting this morning and then ate breakfast with my sponsor and another member. Great way to start a day and a great start of a new week!..Remember if you're tempted to put it off until tomorrow...11989 days
Hi!
[deleted]
happy Sunday folks!!  keep it up :)  .
Here here!..Sunday is usually my day off from the insanity that is breakfast restaurants. ..Made some good food went to a meeting went for long run now I am chilling out playing some Starcraft 2!..Love this roll call idea :)
Game on folks!..Intrigued by the thought yesterday of becoming defined by our own sobriety. Lots more thinking to do on this one!..Have a fantastic day everyone!
Yesterday was my first sober Saturday in a while. It was... not easy? But I'm here holding on.
Man I'm late to this party...I work Sundays. Here and sober though! 
Here for another day!
Soooo sober ;)  This is my second weekend without a hangover.  It feels like I'm getting so much more out of my weekends when I don't have to spend any time recovering or wallowing in guilt! .
Late to the party. But I'm still hanging in there. This place really helps with cravings thank you everyone.
Didn't see this until Monday but I had a pretty good weekend.  Yesterday (Sunday) for some reason I got up at four AM.  So I got a couple hours of work done made the kids breakfast then went back to bed at 8:30 and slept until 10:30.  And all I could think about was how in the old days I used to go back to bed on a Sunday morning for a different reason--because I could barely function.  And I wouldn't really sleep I would only lay there and feel like shit.  God I so do not miss those days...Anyway I had a very nice nap woke up feeling that drugged nap feeling but still well rested and then I went trout fishing.  Didn't catch anything and didn't care either.  :)
pokey this was an awesome post. I'm gonna use part of this post as "quote of the moment" in the sidebar! lemme know if you would rather I didn't!..
