-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lr2tx/lets_make_this_official/

Yesterday was the first day. I made it. I spent various moments on the way home from work ignoring that desire to get just a little something. Maybe a bottle of wine. Something to end this journey with soothingly...I resisted the temptation though..___.I've been drinking habitually for only a couple of years. Didn't reach full-blown alcoholic until this last year. In that time I have lost damn near everything because of it. Including my son...This poison has created an alternate ego within myself that I was not even aware existed before. Just looking back over all of it I think it might be wise that I find some sort of counseling to ease through this healing process...I'm not sure if I feel up to sitting around a group of other recoverees. At least not yet. If anyone knows of a more one-on-one (preferably free as I'm struggling financially) program it would be most appreciated..___.I'd like to end my first post here with a huge **Thank You** to all of you for existing. Some of the thoughts that helped me toward being able to make this first step came from here.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and good luck.
Hooray! Congratulations on escaping the alcohol trap!! That is fantastic! :D..We're super happy to have you and I hope you'll stick around!..Keep posting! Honestly regularly engaging with your supports is one of the best tools you have for maintaining your sobriety...Congrats again!!! We're all pulling for you! Make sure to treat yourself to something healthy today! You should be giving yourself tons of pats on the back.
Congratulations welcome and good luck
Welcome. Believing you have a problem is the beginning of the solution..We're all glad you're here..Sitting around a group of other 'recoverees' can help to know you're not alone also it helps to get up get dressed look decent go out all the 'social' stuff a lot of us give up after drinking "habitually" sitting at home on computer is good but there's more you can do AND YOUR story might help someone else going through the same thing! :).You might check your local "health services" offices..I know there's "sliding scale" stuff available. Might take some work but it's out there..Keep coming back here and keep us posted!.Welcome!.
Keep chuggin' away on it one day at a time.  Also Lifering is really good--it's not one on one but the groups tend to be much smaller than AA groups because it's much less well known and secular.  Depending on your insurance you might be able to get therapy covered--it depends on the therapist as well.  Clinics affiliated with larger hospitals are generally good bets...Finally you might want to look into some hotlines around you--they won't be a sit-down or long term solutions but they might help in the short term.  I know AA has a national one and depending on where you live there might be some local hotlines you can tap into.
Hi there! Welcome and congratulations! The first step is the hardest step and feel proud that you've accomplished a recognition of  your problem and clear desire to do something about it. That's half the battle right there...In Canada one on one counseling is free through our Addictions Foundation not sure how it is in the States. I didn't use AA but it is a free resource that should be considered (give it a try you might find yourself surprised). ..The most important thing is being cognizant of the damage alcohol was causing to you and the loved ones and continually reminding yourself of that. That's what got me sober and that's what will keep me sober. 
Glad you're here. 
Good on you dude.  Welcome back to your life.
Where do you live? I'm not sure how it is in every state/country but here in Ohio pretty much every county has some sort of counseling and recovery program that bills on a sliding scale...I don't recommend going to a full fledged psychiatrist (at least not right away). Every time I've done that they've just wanted to put me on drugs right off the bat and that's not always the best route when you're still struggling not to drink. If a counselor thinks you can benefit from medication they will refer you to a doctor. However if you think you're going to experience dangerous withdrawal definitely see a doctor so they can prescribe bezos...I personally didn't like AA as listening to everyone's stories about drinking made me want to drink more. I also struggled with the whole "higher power" thing (an obscure concept doesn't keep me from drinking I keep me from drinking). However what didn't work for me might work for you. If you're looking for free group therapy they're worth a shot. There are also secular groups like AA although they seem harder to find.
Hi - keep coming back.
