-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lumvy/sunday_roll_call/

Hope everyone had a healthy and productive weekend. ..For those struggling know that it gets easier. Know that your true friends will be there for you. Know that everyone who cares for you is proud. And know that you are doing the right thing...It is possible.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Here. Sober. Hope everyone else out there is doing well this evening.
Woot! Still here! Still sober! I just got back from San Francisco. Travelling is definitely a trigger for me but I checked into the subreddit every day which helped a lot. :D
doing well after a really really hard weekend. college football and big holiday weekends are definitely huge traps for me. but i made it!! 
My definition of productive has changed throughout my sobriety...First week productive: not shaking not vomiting drinking lots of water and going for a walk and staying sober...First month productive: going for a run chatting with my family going to AA meetings playing videogames with friends going out for a coffee driving by liquour stores and saying the serenity prayer to myself...Fifth month productive: Today I got to dress up for Halloween at work. I made 150 dollars waitressing and had a lot of fun. I had no thoughts about drinking I laughed and cried in a movie tonight without feeling the need to drown my emotions. I also found an apartment and will be moving out in two months...Productivity is what you are capable of given the level of your recovery. Do what you can do the next right thing....easy does it! BUT DO IT!!!..Wishing everyone the best. I hope to see some Halloween costumes posted tomorrow...
I had a couple of Hallowe'en parties this weekend and managed not to drink although I was really tempted at one point due to social anxiety.  Being sober at these things makes you realize how annoying drunk people can be!  I told someone I wasn't drinking and they got it in their head that I was 'on a cleanse'.  It made me laugh but it got around and nobody bothered me about it for the rest of the night.  
[deleted]
Hey-- there's a lot more time in the weekend when you don't spend your days recovering from the previous nights! Hope everyone's doing well. 
I have so much schoolwork to do that I wouldn't have time to drink even if I wanted to. ..Which I do sometimes. And then I chuckle to myself and remember how many times I've thought that before and how it's not that great of a pastime anyway...
Yo!
[deleted]
(sneaks up to the back of the formation with his shirt half tucked)."Here sir!"..Great weekend full of Halloweenie stuff and - get this - taking the family holiday picture without feeling like killing someone. Last year it was a tie between wanting to kill myself to get rid of the hangover vs. wanting to kill the kids because they couldn't do exactly what wanted when I wanted. Oh and my wife wanting to kill ME. Needless to say the picture turned out a little better this year..
I'm late but for good reason! Had one of the most wonderfully productive and enjoyable weekends. I had been directing the planning of an undergraduate nursing conference for the past few months and we finally ran it! Everything went swimmingly and I even got to dress up as a spider...Also stoked on another milestone day 6 months on the 3rd. Keep it up everyone! We're amazing.
