-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/m0sjm/females_of_rstopdrinking_will_you_share_your/

I've been lurking for a couple of months but finally decided to quit on Halloween. I know alcoholism hits men and women but sometimes I feel like I'm the only woman (and mother) I know who drinks to escape...EDIT: Ladies thank you so much for sharing! It really does help to sit here on a Sat night with my Coke Zero straight and know that there are others out there who struggle as I do. ..Some of you have suggested AA. Well this is rather complicated. I actually work in the addiction field (I know I know) and it's my work's policy that one must be 2 years sober in order to work there (IF one is in recovery which I denied at the time of hire). About 75% of the staff is in recovery so there's not really a way for me to be able to just start attending meetings without bumping into someone. I realize the "anonymous" part of the program but we're talking my livelihood here and I just can't chance it. I also realize this isn't being completely honest with everyone in my life but at the time I was hired I didn't consider myself a person who needed recovery. We also don't sit around and talk about who is or isn't an addict so the question has not come up again. ..I've had 6 months and 4 months under my belt in the past 3 years so this isn't a new concept but I didn't really reach out to others before. So again thanks so much for your replies!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey!..I have struggled with alcoholism for about 5 years now.  It got really bad after I was assaulted in college and I have been struggling to stay sober.  I feel as though I have a better handle on it lately but it is still difficult for me to say no to alcohol all the time.  At one point I had two months sober but since then and a bad break up I got off track.  I'm back on track however and this is day 2 sober...Escape is exactly what it does for me.  Long day at work? vodka.  Break up? vodka.  Stress? Vodka.  All the answers.  But I am learning how to take care of myself besides that and it has been good...Alcohol has put me in the hospital the mental hospital and ruined many friendships and relationships for me.  I truly cannot handle what it does to me.   So don't feel alone I'm fighting too...GIRL POWER!
I quit Halloween too. I wouldn't say I drank to escape. I did it because it was fun. (Ok so maybe to escape boredom.) I wasn't a mean drunk or sad drunk. I drank to celebrate life...so I've had trouble rationalizing letting it go. I was drinking too much and too often (nearly daily). I could easily drink a six-pack per evening (and more on the weekends) without any traces of hangover or any immediate negative consequences really. But I got tired of spending &gt;$150 per month on alcohol more than I can really afford and I'm worried about my health deteriorating eventually. I know it'll catch up with me if I continue.
I'm a woman though not a mother...I always drank to get drunk or escape.  (Even without motherhood I could always find plenty of things to drink about.)  I knew that the problem would still be there tomorrow but I was just going to let myself escape tonight...  The problem is I drank every night so don't think I ever dealt with the problems at the time.
I started drinking heavily at 18 when I went to college and my drinking has gotten progressively worse over the last 10 years. I drank to sleep better ease anxiety have fun and open up around people. I decided I wanted to go to graduate school three years ago and knew I couldn't do it unless I quit drinking so I checked myself into rehab for two weeks. I didn't drink for 6 months after.  I can tell you more about my experience and thoughts on why that didn't work if you'd like.  ..Anyways I recently failed my qualifying exams (a major hurdle in graduate school) and have to retake them.  It hit me really hard.  I don't think I've ever failed at anything that mattered to me. This is when I realized the most powerful underlying cause of my drinking was perfectionism and self-criticism.  It's something I've been doing all my life and just now realized it was terribly destructive. I'm often so afraid that the outcome of something isn't going to be perfect that the process of completing it is an overwhelming task - and I would self-medicate and quiet those harsh judgements of myself with alcohol.  ..Perhaps 0vodka4mama we weren't drinking to escape the same things (or maybe we were) but I'm not sure I know of many folks with a drinking problem who aren't trying to escape from *something*...You have my full support. We women folk have to stick together!  SOLIDARITY!!!
You are not the only woman who drinks to escape and especially not the only mother. There are lots of us out there. I think a big part of my drinking career I spent telling myself that I was just a girly "lush." ..I shared my story in a post a couple weeks back. I drank to escape to black out to find oblivion to not remember. Alcohol was my best friend my constant companion. Letting go was very difficult for me. That whole girl power thing? I'm finally getting it. Before I just wanted to melt into the shadows and not exist or not put myself out there because I was too scared to not be perfect. Alcohol allowed me to be a useless drunk person gave me an excuse not to interact...
No way you're not. I used to hide my mom's beers for her LOL. kinda fucked up... I also had a friend's mom who drank hella wine when she  got off work their name was Rochambeau my friend said he wanted their last name to be Rochambean. I never seen drunk lady laugh so hard. 
[deleted]
I drank to escape every part of my reality. And then wallowed around in it for a good long while instead..---.I am a mother. My 6 year old son has been living with his father the majority of his life. This in itself has been a difficult thing to live through. His birthday parties are ridiculously uncomfortable for me. Because of **her**. It's a very long and complicated story involving even living with the ex and his girlfriend for a time...Needless to say motherhood is one of the major contributors to my alcoholism...
[deleted]
There are many women who suffer from alcoholism. Would you be able and willing to find a women's AA meeting in your area and attend? This week I went to a women's meeting. Was having SUCH a horrible day...facing a 3rd DUI lost one of my two jobs and my emotions were spilling over. I cried during the meeting while everyone else shared their stories. Afterwards a woman about my age approached me and asked me if I was OK and if I needed to talk. I spent the next half hour sobbing and spilling my guts to these 2 ladies who understood exactly what I was going through and wanted to help. I left with their phone numbers in case I needed to talk again. It does get better you are not alone and there are so many other ladies out there who know exactly where you are at and want to help.
I'm not a feminist but here's an article about women who have found alternatives to AA that are step-based. Even if you're not a feminist some of these programs may be legit and you might be able to get in touch with someone in your area or even long distance and start a new support system that way...Link: http://www.thefix.com/content/different-girls5125
[deleted]
