-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/m1fai/epic_fail/

Time to start anew again. The SO threw the "let's just be friends" card at me last night. Knew at that moment today was going to mark day one again...---..Edit: "Classic fail" would have been a better title...Oddly I'm not upset with myself. I knew it was going to be a one-time social outing. I made it 9 days before it the longest in many months now. In those 9 days all aspects of my life improved aside from the break-up...I know that there will likely be a time that I drink again. I'm not even sure if it's something that I want to give up for the rest of my life. I just know that right now with the way that my life has become it's something that will only make things worse. ..But yes for anyone struggling with the guilt of letting their self down: *failure is a part of success.*.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry to much about it. You will fail over and over again but then one time you won't. Just keep on trying over and over and over and over and over......
It always felt like epic failure to me at the time too. Looking back now I realize that it was never actually starting over it was starting from a new place. I wish I could have been a quicker study but I did learn something each time and started out with just a little more respect for this insidious foe. Now is not the time to wallow in guilt and negativity. You've already defeated the most poisonous part of this - you're back you haven't bought into the lie that it's not worth trying again or that you've already screwed up so why not continue. You're back at that's huge right there. ..Strong feelings are always going to be a danger particularly early on before you've had a chance to figure out other ways to process them. Maybe take some time to think about what other tools for coping you would have liked to have had to get through this and what it would take to get them. Friends support groups and coping skills don't just happen you have to be intentional about them. And sad to say there will be other negative situations you'll have to cope with. That's just life. ..While it's fresh in your mind why not take this time to build a blueprint for what you'd need to get through a tough period next time? Then starting building. You'll feel better about your current situation and you'll be buying insurance against the next one.
The important thing is that you are back here!
Baby steps bro. One day at a time. Maybe you drink today but tomorrow you won't. Don't pick up that first drink!
I know this could sound like a banal platitude. Forgive me but failure is such a huge part of success. Anyone's that has put together some amount of sober time has in all likelihood slipped dozens of times. Don't ever get down on yourself about any "last hurrahs." You can learn from your mistakes but they aren't signs that you can't do this. When it comes down to the wire staying sober is a spontaneous decision that a person makes and sticks with despite all the reasons to the contrary they can come up with.
[deleted]
its all good man... the key here is that you want to start over... you havent given up the fight... you know that trip ups like this are going to happen and the important part is how you react.  Sounds like you have the right idea... failure is just a part of success and it sounds like you are on the right road.  Sorry to hear about your SO I know how hard that can be.  Stay strong man.
(my opinion not advice)..There will always be a reason to if you see it that way.
Pick yourself up dust yourself off and start again. It can happen to anyone no matter how long they've been sober.
This is where the "One day at at time" saying comes in very handy (it's cliche for a reason).  ..Stick with it! It will be rough at times (not gonna lie) but in the end it will definitely pay off.
If you've made it one day even you are stronger than I am. Much props.
