-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/m7aaw/how_do_those_of_you_who_have_quit_deal_with_your/

Broke up with girlfriend for many things I have done but the main reasons were fueled by alcohol and the rage that came with it. No abuse i'm a pretty good guy. One reason was because I couldn't handle her going out and getting drunk. I'm 24/m. Lost girlfriend from being drunk 4 days a go and haven't drank since Nov 8th. I started this journey a year ago with hard drugs ect. . But after losing her I've realized that i can't keep beating around the bush and trying to justify having a few drinks here and there. Or in a month ect. She was supportive to a certain extent but It always bothered me so much watching her go out getting drunk with my old group of friends which we both share. It would make me angry and than I would relapse. Is it unfair the way she handled me or am I being unfair to somehow expect her to not drink with me. I guess its moot now since we're split up. I guess I just want to know if I was really being that unreasonable. She is 22/F and is in university. She loves me still its just I've relapsed too many times. Side note too her father was an alcoholic and has been sober for 4 years now. I just couldn't ask her to sacrafice so much at such an important and exciting age. So I kinda pushed her away. She doesn't blackout all the time but she does drink on a fairly regular basis. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's pretty much a given that it's important to have things in common. For me this means having a wife that lives her life valuing self-control while still having fun. I don't have an issue with her drinking because she doesn't have an issue with drinking. If I were to see her get soused all the time I'm sure it would at the very least discourage me might even trigger me but by then we'd have bigger problems anyway. ..Right now going out to dinner and seeing her have a glass of wine is kind of like looking at an exotic vacation brochure - it looks nice and I'm glad other people get to go there but I know the destination just wouldn't be the same for me.
Is your ex-gf alcoholic? Maybe. I don't know. It sounds like she drinks heavily but most university students do. There is only one person who can figure out if she is alcoholic and that's her...It took me a while to learn to be around others who are drinking while I am sober. It is still difficult for me to be around people who are very drunk it's just very unpleasant for me. I'm not sure its entirely reasonable to ask an SO not to drink at all but it is very difficult to be around when you are first learning to live sober. It is probably a good idea not to focus on dating at all for the first 6 months or year that you are learning to live sober. Your personality is going to go through a pretty major shift it really isn't fair for the other person anyway...For me I was eventually able to date women who drank sanely. (Really and truly sanely - like they could take it leave it.) But I realized I could not date anyone who needed to drink regularly or who had a hard time with the idea of not drinking on a date. Is that fair? Maybe not. Nothing about alcoholism is fair but we have to deal with it. And I think that alcoholics need to be selfish when it comes to their sobriety - screw fair you need to stay sober...I was lucky enough to meet someone who can take it or leave it and I married her. She probably averages 2 drinks a month now. (We joke that I'm a bad influence on her I've turned her into a lightweight.) I haven't demanded or even suggested she not drink she just tapered off to near nothing since I don't ever drink. ..I'm glad to hear you have quit drinking. I think you should focus on learning to live sober right now. Mentally dissecting your relationship with her will not help you learn to live without drink. Focus on yourself and on your own problems. What are you doing to learn to live sober?...
She picked you to date because -  like her dad - you were her alcoholic..Get sober..Don't date til you find yourself..After being comfortable with your sobriety start looking for women who don't drink and have a program. Most of us had parents that drank. We're called "Adult Children of Alchoholics". .To learn more go to Al-Anon meetings. (lots of cute wonen at the meetings I go to)..I've been doing AA and Al-Anon more than 10 years..My opinion only.....
you wont be able to get her to quit unless she is ready to quit.  It sucks but its true.  The best you can do is stick to your guns and keep being sober if thats what you really want.  Support means different things for different people.  My wife was never much of a drinker but even now she still asks if its ok if she drinks which I dont require her to ask me... she is an adult after all and can do what she wants.  But she cares about me enough to ask.  It really just depends on the mindset and maturity level of the person you are with.  In this case it sounds like your girl (or ex or whatever) isnt ready to stop drinking and wants to go out and have fun... thats ok its her life its her decision.  You need to do whats best for you.  If that means avoiding her and your mutual friends so be it.  This is your life your health.  You only have control of your actions no one elses.  Her drinking may be getting to you but it is not your issue it is hers.  Focus on yourself.
My wife is also one of those people who can have one glass of wine and then stop.  She'll pour it at around five o'clock and still be drinking it two hours later.  I never understood this.  I could easily drink a bottle in the time it took her to drink a glass.  ..Then again she also admits that she enabled my drinking for years even subtly encouraged it in some ways or so I thought.  For a long time I secretly believed that she didn't want me to quit because if I got sober I would be too much for her to handle.  Of course I can see now how crazy that was of me... just another neurotic defense mechanism I used to allow myself to keep drinking.
Lives change and people change and not all relationships can survive those changes...You should take some time for yourself to figure out how your new sober life is going to work. The most important thing right now is your recovery. 
Well we talked today. She still loves me and I know there's still a chance. I just need to focus on myself. She went to visit her dad today and talked to him and I guess he wants to take me to my first AA meeting....kinda weird but at the same time I can't see it being a bad thing. I finally feel like I'm truly starting to understand what this is all about and what I need to do to be free. This is about me and working on myself and I can't let the fact that others drink because I'm the one who has made this decision. For the first time in my life I finally feel excited about whats to come. I'm hoping that I can maybe be an inspiration to others and to my friends. I'm gonna keep posting here every now and than and I hope that I can overcome the difficulties that lie ahead. I'm not gonna give up. I just can't. I know what is at stake. So many emotions are running through me right now. So I'm just gonna focus on everyday Hoping that it keeps getting easier. Day 3. Bring on mother fucking 4. 
I hate the idea of asking my partner to quit drinking but when I was having a hard time making it (in the first month) he didnt drink for me. I am 22 and so is he we are past the party stage because we both fucked up so much. It soundsl ike your gf hasnt had a lot of bad experiences but to be supportive of you it is my opinion that she would offer to not drink for at least the first month for you.
