-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/madee/i_want_to_drink_tonight_instead_ill_tell_you_a/

It was a clear cold January night the third one of 2010. A Sunday night. Work was slow that evening at the restaurant. I think I only made it out of there with about forty bucks in my pocket which is a pretty good average for most Sunday nights and it's usually worse in the winter anyways. I clocked out and put on my work hoodie the one that reeked of Italian food. I speed-walked to my car and got in starting the car as I swung the door shut. There was ice on the windshield and windows and I'd have to take care of that but for now I just wanted to sit and shiver which I did. ..Across the parking lot and through the mounds of dirty snow I could see patches of ice in some places. It wasn't currently snowing but it'd sprinkled a little bit while I was working. It was still extremely cold though the kind of intimate cold that comes just after a fresh snowfall. It's always colder after the storm than in the midst of it. It was certainly cold inside my car too but I let the defrost warm up and when I mustered up the gumption to leave the womb-like car I found that my task was relatively low-stress and quickly done. I threw my ice scraper in the back seat of car and sat there pondering what to do with the rest of the night. Even though I hadn't eaten anything at work I didn't find myself to be that hungry but the thought did cross my mind that I could eat something small. An appetizer or something. I didn't feel like calling anyone to hang out but I didn't really feel like going home either. I lived with my parents and they were still awake and at the time our relationship was frosty so really I was looking for any excuse to stay out of the house. .	.And as with any night after a shift and a shitty one at that there was always the urge to unwind in some form or another. ..Fifteen minutes later I found myself easing into a front row parking spot at the local dive. I extinguished my cigarette and got out of the car scanning the patio for anyone I knew. No one. I shouldn't have been surprised as the parking lot was nearly empty hence the front row parking. At least I had a guaranteed spot at the bar and besides Amber was working and Amber was cute but it was too bad Amber wasn't single. But who among us would pass up the chance to talk to a pretty girl over a beer or two served by her very self and with just the best most warmest smile she can conjure up? Not this guy. It was 10:00. And I was feeling good. ..I snagged a seat right in the middle knowing it'd maximize the attention I got from Amber and because total strangers can sit and talk to me. I like talking to people at bars because you never really know who's gonna show up or what they're gonna say. But it being Sunday night there wasn't really anyone to talk to and the few people that were there didn't quite look the type for spontaneous conversation. I ordered some cheese fries and a Coors Light. They brew their own beer here and give it hip local names like Alameda Amber and Green Mountain Pale Ale. Hopzilla. Things like that. And it's not bad beer either. I don't know why though but every time I'd ever drank more than two of those I'd always have just a miserable hangover the next day. I never catch a hangover from beer. I'm the goddamn Iron Man when it comes to beer. Not that stuff though. Tastes good but feels bad. ..I ate my fries and drank my beer and watched whatever sports were on the TV. Talked a little bit with Amber here and there about this and that and sometimes the other thing. But on the whole it was a pretty boring time. I was about halfway done with my second beer when Amber asked me  Do you want a shot?  ..I wasn't sure if she was serious or not...*  Heh you buyin'?  .*  Sure. I haven't comped anything yet tonight. .*  Really? You comp a lot of drinks? .*  Not all the time but every once in awhile. .*  Well the way you said it implied that you comp drinks on a daily basis.  I was a little buzzed and feeling like a smart ass. .*  I'm offering you a free shot you wanna fight me about it? .*  Alright alright. Good point. What can I have? .*  Whatever's cheap. .*  So not the Patron? .*  So not the Patron. .*   Ummm  .*  You want a shot of Jager? .*    .*  C'mon I'll do one with you. .*    ..And with that things started to rapidly spiral out of control. I remember knocking that foul black stuff back and thanking her for it. Probably ordered another beer too. The rest of the night is foggy. I can only remember certain parts of it in small snippets which I will do my best to paint. ..*I have just taken another shot of something. I don't know what it is and I don't remember if she offered and bought it or if I asked for and purchased it. After the shot I pick up my Wii controller and walk back over to the TV. Amber and I are playing Wii Bowling and in all likelihood I'm losing.*..*I'm out on the porch shivering and smoking a cigarette absently talking to some old guy who is pretty much the only other patron of the bar. I glance at my phone to see what time it is and see four blurry digits. Still time to have another one and sober up before she kicks me out.*..*I'm in my car and it's stuck on something. There's still a lot of snow on the ground piled up in the gutters and I feel like I'm stuck on a patch of ice because I'm revving my tires but I'm not going anywhere. This is very frustrating as I'm only a block away from my house. After a few more minutes of struggle and cursing I decide to leave my car there and hoof it the rest of the way. I'll be back with a snow shovel tomorrow morning to dig it out.*..*My father is shaking me awake and*..saying something about the cops that they're here upstairs and they're asking about me. My eye catches the clock and it reads 8:09 am. I remember that distinctly. I don't know why. In an instant my mind flashes back to the fragments I still have with me. My car. I was drunk. Oh shit. It got stuck though unless I was so trashed that I ended up in someone's front yard. Shit. What the fuck did I do last night? I wave my dad off and tell him I know why I'll be up in a second. I throw on some clothes and a hat and go upstairs so that I might be informed of my shenanigans from the night before. ..I spoke to the police and learned a great deal. ..An hour later I was back in my room. Just sitting at my desk. I think I was trying to cry but I couldn't. Crying would bring some relief see and the kind of person that I am? People like me? We don't deserve relief. Monsters such as myself deserved nothing good. Here's what actually happened...I got wasted at the bar and got in my car to drive home. My parents house was about three blocks away a tiny distance. And besides I'd done this same thing driven this same route home after a night at this same bar many many times. Never this drunk but I'd always made it back in one piece. My car was sometimes parked a little funny but I always made it back. Not this night though. I made it about two thirds of the way there and was about to make a right turn onto the next street my street. And I thought I did and hit a slab of ice. What I actually did was turn into an asphalt-paved driveway of sorts. It doesn't go to a house but to an electrical building or something like it. All kinds of wires protruding from the roof. Looks highly technological and I wouldn't understand it even if I knew what it was. The point is that it isn't a cement driveway but an asphalt one. One that looks just like the street I was aiming for. I turned into that driveway thinking it was the street and I'm lucky I'm really really lucky that there was a chain link fence on the side of it because that's what I hit. I drove right through the fence and my tires had gotten stuck on it somehow. I thought it was ice. If only it were ice. ..I drove my car through a fence and into somebody's backyard at about 2:00 am that morning. And then I left it there because I was only down the street. The cops had brought a tow with them and they left my car at my house. My car got pretty good and fucked up. Windshield was busted. I didn't even know at the time that it was broken. That was a complete surprise to me which is a scary thing to think about in itself. I received a 26 point ticket for careless driving fleeing the scene and for having no insurance. As if it could get any worse I was driving an uninsured car. Not as in  oh I just don't have my insurance card on me  but  this is an uninsured car and I'm an irresponsible motorist  way. ..So my car was useless because the front end got mashed. I was due in court in about five weeks. I took taxis and buses everywhere I went because shortly into my new no-car stint I started biking to work but it got stolen. That's a story for another time that also involved as this one does obscene amounts of both alcohol and stupidity. ..As I said before my ticket was 26 points and about $1200 in fines not to mention the cost of repairing the guys fence was about $600. I got the most glorious plea-bargain of all time. The DA got me down to 11 points and $200. It was a godsend...And as one can imagine I learned my lesson. Not directly afterwards but let's just say it was a clear sign of changes that I had to make. ..**[Sorry for the bulletpoint conversation. It was the best way I could make it stand out. Thanks to anyone that read the whole thing. It feels good to get this out. Also there will not be a TL;DR for this post unless someone else decides to write one.]** .	...  ......	.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
thanks for sharing that.  Ive made that mistake of driving when I shouldnt have and Im always thankful that something like this didnt happen and I know how easily it couldve.  Sometimes we need huge eye openers like this to slap us in the face... glad no one was hurt.
Please take time to read the story folks. ..If you've spent time in the rooms / talking to problem drinkers you will hear these stories. Not sure of the back story here but these are the kinds of things that happen when we go back to drinking. ..I haven't shared my story. But after several sober months sober I got smart and started drinking here and there. Then one Friday night had the place to myself for the week and decided I was going to get drunk like the old times. Spent the next four days alone and missing work. Didn't hurt anyone or do anything dangerous but Tuesday afternoon the train was wrecked and the jig was up. Came very close to losing everything and living in my SUV...I simply cannot convey to you how dangerous alcohol is to us and the terrible things that will happen. Just as I simply cannot convey to you how wonderful sobriety is and all the amazing things that are happening. ..Stay strong.
Thanks for the post! I'd enjoy reading more of what you've written. What's your favorite book and/or who is your favorite writer? I think I like Nabokov the most it is amazing how he could write in English. I have never liked any of his books that have been translated quite as much.    
On two occasions I have woken up to find myself operating a motor vehicle...Once was after an all-night party in the desert.  I went to sleep on the ground and the next thing I knew I was screaming across the desert on my motorcycle.  No road anywhere in sight.  It was sunrise.  I had pissed myself while I was sleeping and I remember being glad that I would air-dry before I got home...I woke up driving my car once.  The last thing I remembered before that was going to bed.  The next thing I knew I was suddenly aware that I was speeding down a residential street hitting bumps hard.  I slammed on the brakes and tried to figure out where the hell I was and what I was doing there.  It must have been about three in the morning.  The next thing I remember after that is waking up back in my own bed the next day.  No damage to the car no damage to me. ..You would think those events would have been some sort of a wake-up call.  But no instead I treated them as lucky breaks that proved I was divine and untouchable and I kept on drinking for years and years and years...Sometimes the shame I feel is unbearable.  Jesus Christ.  I'd forgotten all about those incidents...Excuse me I need to go hug my children now. 
I really liked reading that. I think you are a great writer!
