-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/mdugm/hi_guys_today_is_day_one_for_me_wish_me_luck/

So yeah as the title says I haven't had a drink in about 21 hours.  I've made a total mess of things and really there's no option but to quit it and  make things better.  I have been struggling with depression for years and I guess being drunk felt better than having to really feel everything. Of course it was less good when being drunk would make me think suicide might be a good idea.  The horrid all day hangovers weren't so good either. ..I realise this is rambly.  It's kind of scary for me to admit that I have a problem and need to stop.  It makes me feel like such a loser. But I'm going to do my best.  Wish me luck...EDIT:  thanks so much everyone I'm feeling way less alone in this already.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck!
Sober for 21 hours confused and scared...I THINK we will allow a little rambling! Just joking it was coherent...Countdown to 24 hours. That's a day. That's all you got. I'm almost 6 months sober but you know what? It's still DAYS that matter to me. Today is another day without alcohol...Do your best. Do your worst. At least you are doing something and coming here posting this and staying sober for a day is one HELL of a good start.
No matter where any of us are currently we all started with a single day. You can do this. Just stick with it and know that you don't have to do it alone. Welcome and best of luck.
Good luck!
Welcome. You've almost made it as long as any of us have - one day. Then we go to sleep sober wake up clear headed and do it one more time. You are not "a loser" for having a problem with alcohol you're one of the roughly 10% of humanity that does and are joining the nearly 50% of the world that simply doesn't drink. That aside keep it up and you may find a life that's more rewarding than you can imagine.
Just stay focused! Read everyone's stories on here. It made me see the support available online so I am on here when I cannot get support in person!..It's really hard the first few weeks so AA is great for support even if you aren't sure if your an alcoholic. It's good for information and social interaction focusing on a desire to abstain from alcohol.
Good Luck! And hope you are as kind to yourself as possible. Shame is the enemy and should be kicked to the curb with jubilant giddiness. :-) Often times the depression and anxiety disappear with sobriety alone but if anything remains there are plenty of smarter/healthier choices than booze (and before psychopharms IMVHO) Hang in there!!
Good job I just joined up too.  Recognizing I was using alcohol as a "crutch" even though that sounds so trite.  It's hard but even when I was speaking with a friend on the phone tonight I thought to myself "I'm better."  Like my voice was stronger and I had more to ruminate about.  I've also been accessing some low-level no-cost counseling (not the psychiatry I really really need) so I think it's been helping to check in with a counselor too.  My last two nights' dreams were pretty vivid though and a little disturbing.  But I think it might be because I've 'drugged' myself every night since god knows when.
Let's do it!!!  I'm tired of the all-day hangovers merging into days of anxiety...  It gets better.  I've gone 5 months before.  Month one is changing habits/bearing cravings then it sort of gets better... how to get past month 5 is a mystery to me but there's people here with plenty of time to help out!!!
Awesome! Welcome and congratulations!..You've made an incredibly important decision and we're glad to be here to celebrate it with you! It's a big day! I gope you're giving yourself lots of credit for the courage and self-awareness that have gotten you to this point! It's a pretty big deal and you should definitely be giving yourself some big pats on the back now...I'll wish you luck but my advice is that if you're relying on luck to keep you sober you're going to be in trouble! BUt don't fret there are some easy things you can do to help yourself get through these tough early days...Make a list of all the reasons why you want to quit drinking. For me my list was "I want to be healthier I want to lose weight I want to save money and I want to do better at work." Whatever your list is write it down on a slip of paper and carry it with you wherever you go. I kept mine in my wallet. That little piece of paper is a suit of armour! If you start to feel tempted to drink then pull it out and read it! ..In early recovery it's important to have some simple plans you can fall back on to help you get through cravings for alcohol. Cravings are strong feelings like you want a drink. Sometimes they feel overwhelming but really they're all in your mind! You can beat them!..Some of the strategies I used in early recovery were:..* If I start to feel a craving coming on leave the situation for a moment and take some deep breaths and think of my list of reasons why I don't want to drink.* If I start to feel a craving coming on take some deep slow breaths and look around the room noticing and naming all of the colours I can see..Those got me through a lot of tough times. I hope they'll help you!..You're also going to want to think about building your support network. This subreddit is a great place to start but it's also a good idea to try and think of some real-life people who you can rely on...Anyway there's lots of stuff to learn but there's plenty of time for that later. For now congratulations! Get through the first few days and keep us updated! There's no such thing as making too many posts here when you're getting started out. If you've got any questions ask! We're all happy to help!..Awesome job! Keep it up! Wait until you wake up without a hangover. That to me is one of the best motivators even a couple months later. No more hangovers. Ever. Oh man that's good.
Best of luck! Everyone here can attest that if you stick with it the worst of what you're going through will pass. 
It's not rambly. You are not a loser for taking control. Not at all.
Go Spooky!  You can make this happen.  As I often say here:  your worst day sober will be better than your best day drunk/hung over.  I so know how you feel and where you're coming from...  yes quitting drinking is the only way to get rid of these horrible feelings including your depression.  I struggled with anxiety for many years including full-blown panic attacks and all that has simply disappeared since I quit.  You're not a loser for admitting you have a problem.  You're a champ.  Good luck.
Good luck you can do it!
Awesome! I hope you had a good day 1! Try it again today OK?:)
Welcome! This place is very helpful in motivating me. When things get hairy I read the comments and remember I am in the company of great people who inspire me to succeed. Good luck on your journey!
If I can do it you can do it!
1% inspiration...99% perspiration..
You can do this.  Im happy to hear that you have decided to stop drinking and its a tough road but it is worth it.  I am proud of you for having the guts to admit that you have a problem.  We are here to support you.  Take it day by day and always reach out if you need help.
You don't need luck just don't let the withdrawals and tough times ahead shake your commitment.
[deleted]
