-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/mhszq/took_a_drink_in_my_dreams_last_night_woke_up/

I've been sober for a few weeks- but last night I took a drink (whilst sleeping dreaming) whilst dreaming and now I'm frustrated. Whole day its like I relapsed. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's completely normal for people in recovery to dream about their past problem.  It happens a lot and it happens to some people for YEARS after they've quit.  One of the best things you can do for yourself is to focus more on what else is happening in the dream especially around the part of the dream where you're drinking.  Try keeping a dream journal and seeing if there are similarities.  Could be your subconsious is trying to tell you something...Don't beat on yourself about it it's not going to make you feel any better and it doesn't help.  Congrats on your sobriety. :)
I don't believe dreams are a 100% manifestation of the dreamer....TL;DR
A simple change in thinking may do the trick! There was no relapse. You didn't drink and are still sober. You don't *want* to drink and expect yourself to stay sober. All good stuff. ..Relax and let it go. Have a great weekend and see you Sunday..
I'm comin up on 7 years and it's been a long while since I've had my last drinking/using dream but they happen..The only way you can relapse is if you put the bottle/glass/pipe/whatever the hell else to your lips man. You're ok for today.
I had this happen to me not too long ago and it took the better part of the day for the feeling of disappointment to pass. When you've done something so regularly for so long it takes a while to completely absolve it from your mind.
I used to loathe those dreams; waking up and being unsure for a couple of minutes feeling guilty and shamed. Now though I try to see the positive side of the dream-it was just a dream I'm still 100% sober I am lucky it's only a dream...
I typically don't have drinking dreams I had one the other night though where I dreamed I had a couple of drinks and then woke up the next day not remembering the night before. It was the typical realistic deal too. My friends were telling me about all the crazy shit I said and did and I had not recollection. And in my dream all the feelings of embarrassment lack of control and utter defeat hit me hard...It's such a terrible feeling to black out and have no remembrance. My blackouts are caused by no certain amount of alcohol but alcohol and blood sugar combined. I become hypoglycemic when I drink and there is no rhyme or reason behind the amounts which confuses the hell out of me. I can have 2 drinks and completely black out for the night or some nights I can have 15 drinks and be fine. Either way dream or real life it's a scary thing to have happen...This is not my first rodeo with recovery and the thing I used to do with these dreams (and still do) is turn them into moments of gratitude instead of anger. I know how real it all feels it's disorienting and depressing when I first wake from these dreams. I go through the range of emotions from sad depressed to relieved and then to just pure being pissed off about it bothering me. ..So the remedy for me is to just be thankful that in reality I am still clean and did not relapse. I cherish the fact I have survived another nightmare to awaken with my recovery intact. Once I show some gratitude to myself and the reality of the situation I can move on with my day and that's what it's all about; today.
There was a similar thread here a few weeks ago you might want tp check out for tips I'd link you but I'm on my phone.....Just wanted to reiterate what others said it's common and happens to me aswell. On the bright siide it's happens less and less now. Instead enjoy the relief when you realize it was only a dream!
I think the fact that you're upset with yourself after just *dreaming* about taking a drink says your head is in the right place.
The fact that you woke up angry about the dream of relapse means you are mentally committed to sobriety. For what it's worth these dreams are common for those of us who have quit drinking. It still happens to me now and then. The great thing is you didn't relapse. A bad dream is only a dream. Relax and don't sweat it.
 I have had a bit of time underneath my belt of sobriety. I understand that thoughts of the subconscience comes out in dreams. Yet you have to realize it is a dream. Yes the thought was there but relize this use that experience not  to go through "relapse" mode. Just realize that how you felt So if reality strikes you can take that felling and use it constructively.    
