-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/mx9t2/ive_had_problems_before_drinking_how_will/

I've noticed some great posts here about how quitting has affected aspects of the drinker's life in a positive way. I love hearing that and want to experience it myself. My problem is that I have a really hard time coping with my daily life even when sober. Booze has helped to "turn on the faucet" to a host of emotions and mental breakthroughs in my life that I am sure helped to bring me to this point - and while I don't regret the times I've drank I know it isn't healthy and I want so badly to get better. My problem is that I was and continue to be a anxious person while I'm not drunk. Drinking seems to ameliorate my anxiety. How can I lessen my feelings without booze? I am so tired of this struggle. I get overwhelmed sometimes to the point that I don't want to live anymore. It isn't normal to be crying at 2 in the morning on a weekday. I've been to a counselor read books tried CBT etc.. I sucked before and I don't want to suck when I leave booze behind. ..So I guess I'm asking - if you've been in a life situation that drove you to drink what helped you to repair the problem from going back to drinking? My life is great now except for the garbage circling around in my brain. Growing up was rough some of it surely rubbed off. Are/were you ever in a similar situation? Please share what helped. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing drives you to drink. Regular human beings without alcoholism do not resort to alcohol as a means to escape. Nothing DROVE me to pick up a bottle and decide that was going to be my life. I think it would be helpful to look at drinking in a different perspective...I drink because I am an alcoholic nothing more. The problems I had were related to alcohol. And quitting drinking is the only way that you're going to be able to properly deal with a rough childhood...Drinking probably does not help your anxiety. For me I was extremely anxious before I started drinking and then way more anxious when I started boozing. I feel like I was never able to STOP like literally everything snowballed for me. I could worry about anything. Unlike a regular person I was unable to put the brakes on my thoughts and they always escalated into panic and worst-case scenarios...SO with anxiety you don't have that inhibition normal people have. Alcohol fucks with your brain and it might feel like you get more relaxed...but it's very temporary as in you have to be drinking in order to get that effect. ..How can you lessen your feelings without booze? I guess you could find something else temporary to lessen the anxiety. Or you could start a program of recovery and learn that feelings are very normal and you could learn how to sit with your feelings instead of masking them with a substance. Honestly it's okay to feel. And when you're in the shit of drinking it FEELS like everything is going to be WAY WORSE than it really is...Try sobriety. I swear to fuck it's worth it. Your anxiety will decrease. You will learn how to naturally cope with life on life's terms. It's okay to be where you are right now...First you stop drinking. Then you repair everything else.
I like to say "Quitting drinking won't solve your problems but it will solve your drinking problem."
&gt; if you've been in a life situation that drove you to drink..There were lots of life situations that drove me to drink - job loss job promotion getting sick feeling healthy too much stress not enough drama too busy to relax too much free time - you get the picture. I drank because I'm an alcoholic. Continuing to drink once I knew was an alcoholic now that sucked...So what if your life still sucks after you get sober? The point is that it will suck a LOT less. So what if it doesn't solve all your issues? The point is you'll have life issues not drinking issues. ..&gt; I sucked before and I don't want to suck when I leave booze behind...So you'd rather suck with booze because then you can say it's the booze? That sucks dude.
Thanks for posting this. I am sorry to hear about what you are going through. This can be a difficult journey but if you're willing to reach out for help (which it looks like you are hence your post) you will find what you need. ..Have you tried attending AA meetings? I think you'll find alot of people will share the same story as what are experiencing along with what they did to get and stay sober. Are you familiar with the promises form the Big Book of AA?..http://www.step12.com/promises.html..If you want these for yourself and you are willing to do whatever it takes to get them then they are yours for the taking. Based on what you wrote about above my expeirences with drugs and alcohol were very similar. Now I don't feel that way anymore and alcohol and drugs are no longer the solution to ANY problem. I realize this now in my life because I did the 12 steps...
Could I suggest that some of the things you're struggling with are CAUSED by alcohol and will get better if you give not drinking a chance- say a month without a drink and see where you are at the end of that period of time?
I don't feel comfortable making many generalizations but here's one I will put out there:  using alcohol to deal with your emotions on a regular basis is a downhill path...Maybe this is not your situation.  Have you tried taking the AUDIT test in the sidebar?  This might be illuminating for you...
Here's my experience. I had a living problem and a drinking solution. The first time I drank all my problems were solved...I was smart enough good looking enough and brave enough. The problem was that somewhere along the way it stopped working but by then I couldn't stop doing it. ..The first time I quit I went to AA and hung out with sober people went to a lot of meetings but didn't actually work the program\do the steps. I didn't get a whole lot better. There were less consequences because I wasn't fucked up all the time but I still had the fear lack of self esteem whatever. So I went back out after 10 years...didn't work...couldn't stop...I got desperate and went back to AA and met a guy that took me through the first 164 pages and I DID WHAT IT SAID. That worked for me. It STILL works for me. On 1/1/12 I'll have 10 years of "Sobriety". They've been the best 10 years of my life despite the fact that I've been unemployed more fired more and have lost friends. For me it IS a design for living that works. It has solved ALL my problems...That's my 2 cents for what it's worth...
