-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/n689k/introduction_and_almost_2_weeks_sober/

Hey y'all great to see this subreddit. I'm going on 2 weeks now and using Baclofen to help with the cravings which seems to be working well...I'm 32 and married to a wonderful wife. I was a heavy beer drinker consuming 12x500ml cans (and sometimes more) daily for quite a few years starting in my early 20's.   Quitting for the usual reasons; health money and productivity.  ..Being lucky enough to have an awesome IT job where I work from home alone allowed me to start my drinking early in the day usually around 10am and finishing up around 5pm when the wife got home.  I had quite the tolerance and she wouldn't know I was drinking as much as I did as I put on a pretty good sober act and could hide the evidence.   I learned early on that if I stopped drinking around 5pm then I wouldn't have a nasty hangover the next day allowing me to continue the cycle all too easily...She didn't call me out on it just changes I need to make on my own as I'd like to live past 40 for both our sakes...It's not the first time I've tried to quit in the last couple years but it's the first time I have an understanding doctor who doesn't look down on me for wanting to try the Baclofen route.   ..The one struggle I have with being sober is my work day seems to feel 5x longer than it used to.  Days would fly by before but now it seems a day takes all day!  Not a bad thing on the weekends I suppose...Money is a big kicker.  Beer does not come cheap in Ontario and I was spending around $30 a day which is $10000 a year.  I had a taste for nicer imports couldn't stand the cheaper beer...On top of that beer is high in calories and I'm looking about 6 months pregnant.  The last time I tried quitting I managed about a month before running out of Baclofen though I had dropped about 30lbs in that month so I'm looking forward to the weight loss and looking better...That's me looking forward to reading how others are doing here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I totally understand what you mean about time seemingly feeling different after you quit drinking. Seems as if most of my days were spent where chunks of drunk time made the day go by in a snap. Now that I am sober I feel like there is an extra 6 hours in a day. I am going to have to get a damn hobby or something :P..Congrats and welcome to this sub reddit!
So glad you found yourself a doctor that seems to understand the nature of addiction. ..Coming from Ontario I know that alcohol is not cheap here. I think it's a blessing and a curse. I could never afford it now if I went back out...Sounds like you're doing the right things for your sobriety. Good on you and keep coming back :)
Ha I know what you mean with the length of days! I'm starting  to think about joining a martial arts club or volunteering somewhere in the evenings. With all this extra money I could really do anything. Stay strong my friend. By the way I guess I could google it but what is baclofen? 
Welcome! I've already dropped at least 10 pounds which is nice. And the money is good too. These are only side benefits of stopping heavy drinking but they are pretty OK. 
