-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nddpt/heading_to_residential_treatment/

Hello everyone  .I am newly sober. Went to detox beginning of November relapsed over Thanksgiving been sober for 17 days now. I started in an IOP (intensive outpatient program) after detox and the month of it is about to end; but things aren't better. I'm significantly more depressed anxious and unable to function than before. I feel like alcohol was the glue holding me together and I didn't even know it.  .Well at the suggestion of my therapy group I am now heading to residential treatment for 30 days. I'm leaving my 4 year old behind with her dad and ditching on my high pressure job at the end of a busy quarter. And I'm going to miss Christmas.  .I am really *really* tempted to get wasted just one more time before I go. If my daughter weren't asleep in her bed I think I'd be at the store already.  .All of this moaning and sadness aside I was wondering if anyone here who has been in residential treatment or separated from a child or just knows the feeling of early recovery and feeling in pieces; could give me any insight advice or tips.  .I've reached a place where I have just given in and I'll do anything to make it better. I just hope something works.  .Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there!..This is definitely a difficult time of year. Congrats on "giving in" and getting yourself the help that you need for yourself and your loved ones...I don't have any experience with residential treatment but I wish only the best for you in your experience!
Hi Scopophobic:..I don't have a lot of experience with this kind of treatment--well I don't have any experience though I probably should have gone through it myself.  I do have a lot of experience with extreme anxiety and clinical depression.  I grew up with it and have felt it from time to time.  Looking back on the worst periods of my life I ALWAYS felt most anxious and depressed when I was drinking hardest.  There is ALWAYS a direct relationship between the two.  I don't know the history of your drinking but I'm willing to bet your system hasn't had long enough to recover from it so that your emotions can regulate which they will...If you are also dealing with other issues like chemical imbalances I really hope they can detect these in treatment and offer you a solution for them.  ..I especially feel for you about being separated from your child.  I have two little girls and one of the biggest sources of my anxiety in life is imagining being taken away from them or they from me.  I know this is extremely difficult to accept but I also know that you probably understand in the long term your child is better off giving you up for a short absence if it means you will come back sober.  It absolutely sucks that this is over Christmas.  Then again the holidays are a major trigger for a lot of people so maybe it's a good thing...I really feel for you.  And I just want to say this:  it will work if you make it work.  You can do just about anything you want.  You possess a great amount of power.  But you take it away from yourself when you drink.  The longer you go without booze minute by minute by minute the stronger you become...I wish you the best and I hope we hear from you again soon.
I was in residential treatment about a decade ago. It was a really great experience. I learned a lot and was amazed at the progress I made. I managed to put together 5 years of sobriety after I left treatment. My time was voluntary at a military treatment center in Camp Pendleton CA. I'd be happy to try to answer any specific questions you have about my experience if I can!
Great decision and how awesome you have the strength to follow through on it! I went to treatment in my early twenties and still remember some of the tools I learned back then. You will get so much out of it knowing that you want to be there and soak it all in - some people are just hostages there. Good luck with it!
[deleted]
I went to residential treatment and it was AWESOME. I am not joking. It changed me. Being around other addicts 24/7 having a set schedule that I had to show up to having rules and guidelines living in a community. I loved rehab. I got to learn how to have fun without alcohol. I learned a lot about myself. I started eating again...I got wasted a few days before I went in but I didn't do the whole "Homewood party" That's what we called the night before you go into rehab where most people got super wasted or whatever they were into...This is my experience...With treatment you've got 30 days. That's it that's all. I didn't wnat to go in with the shakes and DT's and spend the first five days of treatment in bed and on nurse's watch. I went in without any withdrawal symptoms so I could get right into the program and start recovery. ..I also found that 6 months later most of the people who went in without getting wasted the night before are DOING BETTER and have MORE SOBRIETY. Because this mentality of "I need to get wasted ONE MORE TIME BECAUSE THIS COULD BE THE LAST TIME" is a shitty attitude. It carries with it the belief that this rehab is going to cure you and that your entire life will be spent without alcohol and that that's such a terrible thought. It's just another excuse the addict uses to gain it's power. So fuck that voice...That being said: I did have a last drunk. But it was a sad drunk that completely changed my attitude about alcoholism...mainly that I was one. ..I have some more advice on the little things about rehab and things to bring :)..- bring t shirts and shirts that cover at least two fingers width on the shoulder. Co-ed places frown upon spaghetti straps. Also no cleavage. As I was told "Some of these guys haven't felt their dicks in years"..- bring running shoes shower shoes and comfy shoes. I brought a paid of sandals that I now call my rehab shoes. And they give me a lot of...joy?..- bring athletic gear..- bring a motherfucking teddy bear that reminds you of your daughter. They might say you can't bring things like that in the brochures but you can...- Bring a journal with you. I still have my rehab journals...Be prepared for early mornings and early nights. We went to bed at 10 and got up at 6...I also implore you to leave EVERYTHING THERE emotionally. TALK YOUR ASS OFF bring up shit you don't think is relevant to your alcoholism. Leave your shit with all the people there don't bring it home with you...Rehab is amazing if you want it to be. I missed my graduation and went 7 hours away from my family and friends. ENJOY the time you have there...PM me if you have any questions as I said I was at a treatment center for 35 days.
