-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ntjaj/made_it_through_christmas_sober_but_need_help/

Ok for some quick back story: I quit drinking 8 Sep of this year and my best drinking buddy/best friend (my mom - I know wtf?) quit when I did too.  Christmas used to be a holiday for buying expensive imported beers to drink at home and celebrate but since I've decided to stop drinking entirely no drinks were had this year. I thought it would be difficult and I was afraid of relapsing but because there were so many things going on (dinners gifts etc) it was surprisingly extremely easy...I am afraid now that NYE won't be as easy.  I definitely do NOT want to drink any alcohol but I've never spent a NYE at home and sober so now I don't know how to handle it (First World Problems?)... I saw the link that was posted about how to remain sober on NYE which was helpful; however I don't have much of a choice but to stay home while my old "friends" get wasted at the bar within walking distance.  ..I guess I am asking for advice on what to do to keep busy on NYE without feeling like I need alcohol to enjoy it since that's what I always did before.  All of my local friends were drinking buddies so they'll be at the bar.  My mom and I could hang out but I don't want us to be "bored because we're not drinking." I don't want to ruin all my progress just because I am reminiscing over consuming large amounts of alcohol to bring in a new year. I guess this all sounds really whiny and ridiculous but for some reason I am really concerned about it.  :(..Edit: THANK YOU everyone for such great ideas.  You guys are an awesome group I'm glad this subreddit is here. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it's not going to be anything special. (The evening portion) It's just another night and I am going to snuggle under the blankets and watch some movies like I would do any other night until the melatonin kicks in and I drift off happily. I really wouldn't risk your sobriety over a number on a calendar because it makes no sense. Don't give NYE any more significance than any other night of the week. I am telling my friends the truth: "Guys I am going to bed early tonight because I am an urgent matter to attend to in the morning that I wouldn't miss for their world"..You can fill that morning with whatever is important to you. For me I am taking that $100 I would have spent at the bar getting drunk and taking my niece and nephews out to IHOP for breakfast and then to back home to have a "De-Christmas" party. ..Don't let it get to you! Start 2012 on the right foot!
just know you can do it. like vodkaslave said treat it like any other day. before you know it new years will be over and it will no longer be a day people use as an excuse to drink. im newly sober so im going through a similar dilemma in my head. you dont have any friends who dont drink eh? I guess i dont really have any myself so i might have to keep my mind occupied through some games dunno if u are a gamer lol. stay strong drinking sucks! and so does being hungover hahaha 
One thing I often told myself in the first months of sobriety was "This doesn't have to feel any harder than you want it to feel."  I recognized that I was able to affect my perception of the situation through adjusting my point of view.  I still do this all the time and maybe it will work for you on NYE as well.  So often our fears about a given situation are all projections into the future.  If I remain in the moment and focus on the here and now these fears tend to fall away...NYE is just a bunch of hype about something that is after all just another day.  I tend to use it as a time for reflecting on all the positive things that have happened in the past year and to set new goals for myself for the coming year.  One thing you might try is listing a specific set of things you would like to achieve in 2012 maybe ten of them.  This is actually a lot of fun for my wife and I...And I'm usually in bed by about ten same as on any other night.
Hey there - in a very similar predicament myself. I actually have been working on gathering 4-5 movies to watch all day and I plan to SHUT MY PHONE OFF! I've already started getting the facebook messages about various parties people are hosting and I don't even want to let my imagination come into play. ..If you want - I can send you my movie list? I think there is a way I can stream them over the internet for everyone to watch at once (I know one of the guys on Forever Alone who hosts movie nights for everyone). ..I love VodkaSlave's idea of putting the money you would have wasted to better use. I'm definitely going to take my fam out to breakfast or something of the sort. 
[deleted]
Maybe planning and scheduling the evening... plan a special dinner. Thai or Chinese or something ordered at 7pm. Then a ridiculous movie with popcorn from 8:30-10:30. Then go for a walk at 11pm and check out how many places are firing off fireworks and blowing horns in their yards. Then go home and celebrate your success at having such a great evening with clear heads and healthy bodies by hugging your mum before toddling off to bed to wake up feeling triumphant and happy.
"I don't have much of a choice"  yes you do. *THAT* is the miracle of sobriety.  it gives you your choices back...edit: congrats on making it through christmas!!
Let's relax. *Checks watch* It's only the 28th! Although I am a big fan of planning to ensure all my safety requirements are met if I have a big date or something let's just take a moment to center ourselves in the present moment. Ok. Now. What do you like doing? What's something you haven't done in awhile? What about a board game or a funny movie you like?
Are there any First Night celebrations where you live? These are family oriented and mostly alcohol free. The big plus is that they are a LOT of fun! Also in St Louis there are AA groups that do dances meetings and stuff exactly for this reason. You don't even have to be going to AA regularly to go to these. Just some ideas.
For this NYE I'll be going up to London to see some friends at a house party where no doubt the alcohol will be flowing. It doesn't bother me tremendously tbh as I've known these peeps for years and for everyone else I'll just be treating it as a networking exercise...On the hypothetical that I don't go out though I simply would proceed as normal. I have no illusions and the "NYE should be awesome!" myth is just that 99% of the time. Everyone's desperate to have a good time it's pretty depressing. My advice is: treat it like any other day. Which it is. That's the bare truth that no one wants to face...Also my best drinking buddy was also my mum. She recognised she had a problem before I did. Got clean. I did a few years after. In retrospect it was pretty fucked up. So anyway you're not the only one who is totally lame. ;)
Do you live in a city?  If you do check with your intergroup about AA events going on in your area for instance in Memphis there are quite a few things going on.  Ranging from: a NYE Dinner put on by a young peoples group ( young is loosely defined in AA.. under 40 mainly) with a speaker followed by a dance to ring in the New Year. to some clubhouses that are having sober NYE parties to places that will have marathon meetings (meetings every hour on the hour).  The main thing that has helped me with the holidays is most of my friends that I spend time with these days are also sober. These people can be found in meetings :)  Good luck!!  I don't know your age but I am 28 and I have no doubt that this New Years will be fun.  I wouldn't want to have to deal with the temptation of being in a bar around drunk people even if you don't drink being around drunk people when your sober is not very much fun (I spent Christmas around a bunch of drinkers)..     
