-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/oguss/today_is_going_to_be_my_first_hard_day/

I can tell I am having cravings and urges right now first time since I put it down. It might be because I have an extended weekend (I am a student) and I would usually use these opportunities to get trashed. I live in a pretty populated area and every time I went out for a walk to try to ease my mind I would walk by a liquor store and give in so I am ruling that out for now. For now I am going to do my best to just do homework listen to music and play video games. Maybe I'll call my sober cousin over to play some old emulators or something get some pizza and just have a nerd party. Today is an internal struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely chill with your sober cousin. Learning how to have fun without booze is crucial to recovery. Sober friends are the bacon on the sandwich of sobriety. Mmmm...bacon.
Skyrim  has been my escape route this time around :).
I can relate with you since I am a student also.  Weekends long ones in particular were the time I used to get wasted beyond oblivion.  This weekend I plan on doing some studying working on a personal project attending some meetings and hitting the gym twice a day.  Just get through today today.  Work on tomorrow tomorrow.
Sorry to hear you're having a hard day. Is the struggle you're having with urges or with your thinking? In other words are you getting those "man it would be nice to have a drink" thoughts and then shooting them down or are you on to the "Why can't I just have a couple? Maybe I'm not so bad." train of nasty thinking? If it's the urges they'll just come and go and they don't have any more power than what you give them. If your thinking and internal talk is starting to get a little nutty then some action might be in order like forcing yourself to remember your last drunk writing a list of things alcohol has done in your life setting some goals for where you want to go really anything that will remind you of where you were and where you're going. Shut down that stinkin thinkin hard if that's what's going on don't try to reason with it or struggle through. That's what helped me anyway.
