-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ozyo9/been_to_a_couple_aa_meetings_i_have_some_serious/

So the second meeting I went to I met a guy who works closely with my department at school. He is very nice and super well meaning. He stressed that the higher power can be anything you believe it to be. He also said that he acknowledged that his wasn't the only way just the way he knew. Fair enough...I've been going to AA meetings to keep myself in a recovery environment. A reminder. And every single meeting I go to people talk about how when they came to AA in the first place they were like me. "Closed-minded" they said and scoff at the godless masses...They talk extensively as if AA is the One True Way when actual research shows that there are other effective methods for treating addiction. And if you try to bring up those methods? They explain it away with a hand wave....They accuse people like me of being closed-minded and then shit all over atheists as being doomed to addiction. Added to that almost all of the speakers are basically patting themselves on the back with how close they are to god or whatever. It doesn't weird me out it offends me...If you want to help out other addicts don't fucking talk down about them. There are more of us in the rooms than you think and you're driving us away....Choice quote of the night: "My wife kept saying I was being brainwashed by AA. Maybe my brain needed a good washing."..Haha man. you're *hilarious*.....And no I don't think I'm gonna relapse any time soon.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
God damn. They make it seem like a sin or an idiocy to try to get sober on my own terms. ..They keep on saying it's a disease. I agree on some level. I'd say mental disorder is more apropos. But they don't mean it's a physical disease they mean it's a *spiritual* disease. And that god if he exists wants to save me from it if I'd stop being such a prideful asshole. That even trying to help yourself is an act of damnable pride...I get that most addicts use it as a means of support but when every "We'll be here if you need us" has a subtext of "You can't do it without us" I sure as shit don't feel a lot of support...And I can tell that's the subtext because they say it to me so goddamn much..
PLUS THEY BELIEVE THAT WORDS HAVE INHERENT MEANING....jeeze. no a dictionary is not a group of words as defined by god. The meanings of "Pride" in the dictionary are simply labels that mankind has attributed to a certain sound not the inherent aspects of the word.
Read this: http://www.wired.com/magazine/2010/06/ff_alcoholics_anonymous/all/1
No no. I went to an AA meeting and got *this* gem:.."God don't make people gay."..... to a round of applause...Fuck them. Dude was also a crackhead. I hate being judged by former crackheads it turns out.
I understand this feeling quite well KidDetective.  When I was younger quite young in fact I became involved in AA.  I was using a lot of drugs and drinking as a teenager getting in worse trouble all the time and jail and I needed to get into some kind of program to get back in school rather than wind up in an institution.  And it was free...All of the crap you're talking about really bothered me but I didn't have many options at that time so I just held my nose for the god part and all the goofy slogans.  I really didn't like all of the hugging either but I did manage to stop using drugs and drinking and after a while of going to the meetings it just started to seem like whatever.  I got used to it...Fast forward to 11 years later.  I'm still clean and sober continuously all that time.  I'm in my late 20s and MY LIFE IS SHIT!  All I've done for that whole eleven years is exactly what the AA people told me: "Keep coming back!  Keep it simple!  Easy does it!  Just don't take the first drink! Work the steps!"  I'd wasted 11 of the best years of my life that I could have spent getting a better education traveling helping poor kids in impoverished countries SITTING IN SMOKE FILLED ROOMS DRINKING COFFEE AND THINKING ABOUT HOW I'M NOT DRINKING ALCOHOL...I woke up.  And I just stopped going.  For a number of years after that I had off and on periods of excessive drinking but I was always able to control it when necessary.  In the past 7 years or so drinking slowly escalated into a big problem for me again.  And I've realized that alcohol is a stupid waste of money that really doesn't ever do for me what I think it's going to do when I drink it.  It's making me fat and lazy and it's bad for my blood pressure...But I NEVER want to go back to the meaningless life that I had during that eleven years kidding myself there was something profound about what was going on in AA meetings.  I do not believe in god.  I do not believe in religion.  Lying to myself for 11 years did not make me a better or stronger person.  In fact it gave me a deep sense of shame.  "Work the 12 steps?"  Sure it means ask God to help you and believe in God.  It's just 12 different ways of saying it.  If you don't believe in a supreme being the power of prayer or your own innate corrupt nature (call it "alcoholism" or "original sin" there's no difference) there's no place for you in AA (EDIT: at least there wasn't for me) and I hope it doesn't take you 11 years or even one to figure that out...Telling myself "I'm an alcoholic I have a disease that can't be cured" has been one of my most effective excuses for continuing to drink and continuing to push the envelope of excess.  It was only when I decided that I was going to stop acting like an alcoholic that I was able to muster the courage to go through alcohol withdrawals.  It's been nearly six days and I'm starting to feel better.  But if there's one thing that would be certain to make me go buy a fifth and polish it off it would be having an experience like yours and that's why I'm staying away.
I don't know your age but try looking for a young people's meeting if your in your 20s or 30s. Call your local Alano club and see if there is one in your area. It can be really hard listening to all the AA old timers go on and on about the Big Book and God and how they got sober 30 years ago. Young people's meetings tend to operate differently at least the ones around here. 
If you don't like it stop going.  Its simple problem solved.  
I agree with the one true way feeling. It's like a religious person saying if you don't believe in my god you're not getting into heaven. I know there are plenty of people who don't act this way in AA but the ones that do just turns me off to it. I like meetings once in a while. Its group therapy group therapy works and is a great supplement to any treatment. The turn off occurs when someone brushes off other methods while at the same time telling you to be open minded. Pure hypocrisy. Once again not saying they all act this way but these are the people out front representing the program. If people want to change that representation they should denounce it. 
I went to AA and then a 12-step month long inpatient center. and i never went back to a meeting. its been ~16 months since my last drink.
This subreddit needs some blowback against AA proselytizing from time to time. I hope the AA subscribers take note of the frustration in these sorts of posts. It arises I suspect from being told here and many other places that AA is the only way to get sober - yet AA is *not for everyone*. Someone wants to stop drinking tries AA and finds it's not for them and then has to conclude sobriety isn't an option. That's frustrating!..To the OP you obviously feel (or felt?) that you needed to make a change 10 days ago. The truth is there are many rational options out there. Hopefully you can find one that works for you.
Here's the deal in my opinion:..AA is an organization comprised of people. People are imperfect. Therefore AA is imperfect.  Welcome to life...AA is also not driven from the top down. Groups spring up and can reflect the beliefs and experiences of the founders old-timers etc. There are central tenets but specific groups can take on their own identities. *C'est la vie*...If you don't like AA based on limited meetings attend others.  If you attend others and are still disenchanted that's fine too.  Fact is nobody's gonna come force you to attend any meetings...But if this is what you decide -- and that's cool -- bear in mind that AA is one of the few established free structured approaches to peeling a massive monkey off your ass -- as long as you approach it openly and honestly.  There are alternatives -- Lifering SOS RationalRecovery Allen Carr -- but AA meetings can be found in every state and city in the US and the same applies to many countries...Cutting to the chase:  Starting out AA meetings will give you a chance to hear other drunks talk about their shit and -- like I did -- understand that you're not the only person dealing with what you're dealing with. Learn from listening. Seriously...If AA isn't for you great. But what's the alternative? VictoriaElaine one of our amazing moderators mentioned this a while ago: "Have a plan." If you've been driven to drink at any point when it's outside of your core goals as a human being you're gonna need a plan of attack...IMHO here's why: Because the brain telling you that you might have an issue is the same one telling you to have a drink. If you're an alcoholic your processes have been rewired around alcohol. Same deal if you were a smack or meth addict...AA ain't magic: It takes hard work and is not for everyone.  But if you decide to go another route map it out. Your chances of long-term success may be diminished without a community and a framework...Good luck...Caveat: I continue to struggle with my own issues.  Note that I'm not suggesting that you do it my way. I suck at this...Edit:  Stupid oversights. Illiteracy.
I have a theory about these people...I don't know the technical term for this but it sounds like these people are experiencing the power of belief/committing oneself to something. I know sounds cheesy but I don't know what else to call it. I think for some people the only way AA works for them is if they truly commit themselves and *believe* in it. In a way it is brainwashing but I don't see it in a negative way since it enables people to stay sober...Naturally this very powerful belief may lead to arrogance. I don't think some people can help it if they didn't feel so strongly to the point of arrogance AA might stop working for them. ..Now I could be all wrong and these people are just assholes but if it is just their faith in the program maybe this explanation will make these people seem less offensive. Sorry you have to deal with those comments I absolutely applaud you for keeping sobriety the priority.
I'm new to them and I think part of the reason they stress that it's the best way is because it does work if you work it and it's not really the type of environment that they want to talk about alternative ways to quit because it takes away from their methods. ..We had a great speaker the other night a very very intelligent man who said that the reason for the higher power thing is because if we take credit for all our accomplishments related to quitting we start getting a bigger ego until we get to the point that we think we can handle having a drink. ..I would just suggest sticking with them and voicing you're concerns exactly like you did here. Remember this is no hierarchy in AA everyone's an equal and most people in my experience at least truly do respect the others and don't judge them. 
We deal with a disease of deception for which the cure seems to be gradual levels of self enlightenment. My take is that this can make it very hard for people at different stages to be able to relate to each other completely. What to you is healthy skepticism and a strong self identity looks like resistance and inflated ego to others. What they feel is justifiable conviction about a program that saved their lives looks like closed minded bigotry to you. This is especially true early on when we're still gyrating between false pride and crippling shame. I don't think there are any easy answers other than to realize there are valid perspectives other than your own and if you think they are somehow invalid or worse yet misguided and harmful you likely don't really understand them fully.
My AA group so isn't like that. They're some of the most open-minded people I've ever met.   ..I've only been going for 4 months or so but I've noticed something several times. The people that come in with an attitude like they already hate being there and look for reasons to be offended FIND those reasons. There's almost nothing you can say to them.   ..The people who truly feel powerless and are looking for help or kindness simple support find that.   ..That's what I've seen with my own eyes over and over.   ..One of my favorite people in my group whose words often help me is extremely Christian. I'm not. But if he uses "God" in a sentence it doesn't bother me. He couldn't care less what I call my Higher Power or what I've chosen it to be. On my end I look for the essence of what he is really saying. It's not that hard.   ..Here's [an example](http://www.justloveaudio.com/resources/12_Steps_Recovery/Step_2_3/An_Atheist_Step_3_1989.pdf) of that kind of attitude.  ..On the other hand sounds like you have your mind made up. I wanted to say something anyway on the very off-chance that someone else might need to read a few words from the "other side" so to speak.   ..No matter what I wish you a lot of support wherever you find it because it's a pretty tough road. Good luck to you.  
AA has been around for manymany years. To do so there is a standard operating procedure which holds it together. It never changes(which is why I sometimes get there late)is outlined in the preamble(the first half hour) and is the business aspect which holds the whole thing together even if ten AA's never come back and ten new ones come in. The group will still hold together as if it was a happy family(laff) . It is a simple program if you let it. If you want to complicate through research about how to accomplish the same thing or close and have the time all the power is yours to do so. In the meantime there are some who aren't ready to go online and oogle 'recovery' in all it's fashions . Some come right off the street and their souls and bodies are shattered and hopeless with absolutely nothing going for them. Being sociallyfinanciallyemotionally bankrupt is a very humbling state of life. As I said before AA has been around many years and millions of people have gotten sober who took the simple steps. ..Myself I don't subscribe to 90% of the things they tell me to do. I get pissed off and judgmental. But the "spirit" is there. It took a long long time for sobriety to come my way but I owe every bit of it to those rooms..People who throw the words around 'open minded/closed minded' are talking out of their hat because there really is no such thing. A lot of the phrases are words to get one thinking and are the vocabulary needed for someone who only knows how to get smashed. The slogans The Twelve Promises  the sobriety chips are all  hallmark gimmicks adopted by AA and entertain the hopeless soul who needs anything to stay alive. But they work.
Y'all are going to the wrong AA groups. My fellowship is literally 95% atheists. I was freaked the fuck out too at first until I found my niche. My sponsor honestly doesn't give a shit about the God part he just knows the steps work...Took me 3 meetings to find the right place...Good luck.
Any system created by human beings will be flawed. Use AA for what you want it for and just remember that not everyone is perfect and there are lots of sick people in the world and in those rooms.
[deleted]
You could try different meetings if you want.  (I don't know if it's been suggested.)
I am a regular attendee at AA meetings and a long time member.  AA is definitely not Well-People Anonymous...You hear some messed-up stuff at AA meetings - mainly because there is no "party line" or editor-in-chief or *anybody* who can tell others that they are full of crap unless it is someone of equal rank in which case it's just an opinion carrying no more weight than any other opinion...I hear things in AA meetings that *piss me the hell off.*  I have learned to ask my self "Why is that?"  "Why do I anger so easily at that comment?"  The self-analysis does a lot more good for me than venting back at the original speaker...It is sometimes painful to see and hear people who are just like me exposing themselves for the self-righteous bigoted opinionated people that they are mainly because it shows *me* what I look like to others.  ..Even sober I am rude angry and thoughtless.  Every meeting I go to is a reminder of how much growing up I still have to do.
Have you really hit bottom?  When you do you'll meet God.
Well you're in the right place. [/r/stopdrinking](/r/stopdrinking) is pretty much filled with people who don't want to do AA so they're on reddit...If you don't like it or don't want to do it you don't have to...Also many AA meetings do kind of suck and I get annoyed with the dumb shit people say in meetings all the time and I absolutely love aa and am very passionate about it. .
Have you read the "We Agnostics" section of the big book? I'm not sure how AA/CA/Whatever A is where you are but here in Portland Maine the programs are pretty great. I understand the program is based around spiritual connection or re-connection but It doesn't mean that you must take the speakings/writings literally. I'm now 10 Months sober and during the first few months I struggled greatly with the idea of god and spiritual connection. I realized later that my own issue with spirituality was blocking me and making me resentful towards the program and that I had become closed minded towards all the other benefits. I'm struggling to articulate myself very well here so I'll try to sum it up in short. I still don't really vibe on the god concept but I don't let it get in the way of the positive message and teachings I can learn by going to meetings and reading the book. The community and support I find in AA is enough for me to overlook some of the god shit and find help when I need it. 
To be clear: No one drove you away. You made a choice....What was beneficial for me was to stop seeing the personalities in AA and to start to see the program. All it took was one asshole to ruin it for me. It is like saying football is bad because you met some dickhead football player. There might actually be a lot of dickhead football players but that has nothing to do with the actual game of football. Do you see this?..If someone "shit all over atheists" at a meeting I would be surprised but it is important to remember that this is just one person's opinion. Nowhere in AA does it say to call people close minded or to get down on others..I am sorry if you had a poor experience. No one should have told you that this is the One True Way. I struggled for a long time. Very much so and tried everything I could outside of AA. It was the only thing that worked for me. It only did when I looked at it with an open mind...It is important to note that when we are drinking and using our brains really do not work very well. We cannot process information in an efficient way. Couple that with the mental defects that addiction can cause (selfishness self-centeredness defensiveness low self esteem etc...) and it is not surprising that it is difficult to sober up...You are not the first person to experience "contempt prior to investigation". You dislike AA while knowing nothing about it. You are judging hundreds of years of spiritual experience in two hours of exposure. Believe me you haven't figured out AA. What you experienced is an aspect of addiction. Of course you didn't like it. You want to control the situation yourself. I told myself I had it all figured out. That I was smart enough and could find a better way. I tried and I couldn't. ..If you are an alcoholic the worry may not be with relapse. The problem is living with yourself. With liking the person in the mirror. People don't go to AA for fun. Things were going severely wrong in my life when I went to AA for the first time. They still were 15 years later when I decided to stick around in AA. Maybe you can stay sober on your own and maybe you can't but my own experience tells me that existence is not one I want to live. People who are successful at staying sober know they don't have it figured out. That is humility. That is not godliness. ..I would strongly encourage you to keep looking. Even if it's not AA. Just keep looking with an open mind at all options for recovery. If you seek this in earnest and keep an attitude of humility you will be successful in your recovery. Try not to rely on your brain too much to figure this stuff out. It is what got you into this mess in the first place. If you could have figured it out on your own you would have by now. Find someone who you actually respect. Someone who's life you would like yours to be like. You probably won't find them at a bar or a coffee shop. You might find them there but more likely you will find at some place where spirituality is practiced. I wish you the best. It is hard Very hard no doubt about it. But you CAN do it.  Feel free to reach out if there is anything that I can do. Else be well.
I don't go to meetings and am a year and some months sober. It always appeared to me that the power outside ourselves is necessary because the alcoholic voice is so strong that reasoning becomes compromised. And if you can't trust your reason what can you trust?..I go here to remind myself why I don't drink and I don't look to reason for guidance necessarily. I have faith in a principle that I never drink. Like all decisions it is possible to change one's mind; however I need to believe in the value of this principle based on nothing other than the fact that I seemed it necessary before. I also need to take it for granted that I won't drink. For me it's a required and useful self deception - I guess like all faith...I am an atheist but I understand why people posit a God.
[deleted]
I love AA. I go to 5 meetings a week 5 very different meetings. Big Book discussion huge 200-300 people meetings on the weekends step discussion open discussion etc. ..
Yes AA has these people. Yes they can be annoying. They have forgotten the one requirement for membership...Wise man once told me "Take what works leave the rest."
I am totally ok with you not liking AA. I don't like everything about it either but I don't post about it  with righteous indignation...Aren't we awesome?
There are agnostic groups. I go to one of those. They muddle around the 'goddy' stuff in the steps. Actually come to think of it they all say you don't have to do the steps and I don't think many I know have.  ..However the fellowship can be very helpful. Most of the people in my group seem rather like me I don't think they would be homophobic or obnoxious in other ways.
[deleted]
