-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/p053k/2_weeks/

Hey Stopdrinking!  I earned my two week badge today and wanted to share a little of my joy here with all of you.    This is the longest time that I've been sober in over a year and I'm feeling pretty proud of that fact.   ..I lost my mom to liver and lung cancer early in 2011.   I lost my mother-in-law in September due to a heart attack.   Neither experience was something I expected to go through at age 27.  Needless to say 2011 was NOT a good year for me and my drinking really spiraled out of control.    ..I'm still grieving but I'm ready to really begin healing.   If I make it another week (which I expect that I will but I'm trying to follow the "one day at a time" concept and not look too much into the future) it will be the longest time I've gone without having a drink in five years.  Not too shabby...This subreddit has helped me immensely these past two weeks hearing your stories and having a place to share my own has given me comfort.   I know I'm not alone in the struggles I've gone through.  I know I'm not the only one who kept secrets and told lies in an effort to continue my drinking.    You're a great bunch of folks and I wish each and every one of you the best in your recovery.   I'm looking forward to sticking around here! 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah man! I'm almost there! All I know is I ain't drinking this Friday night and it feels good! Congrats..
Congrats on the 2 weeks!
Welcome to the club and so very sorry to hear of the loss of your Mother and your spouses Mother. That's quite the 1-2 punch but as you are discovering it's best for us to heal through these things with a clear mind and spirit instead of hiding back inside the numb_cocoon(!) CONGRATS and keep up the great work!!!
Humans are meant to have feelings. We are not meant to be rocks or trees. We are people. Grief is hard but part of the human experience. Healing will happen but let it out. There is abosolutely NO SHAME in grieving and grieving on your own time. My childhood best friend my sister love of my life etc was killed in Afghanistan in 2009. I thought she would be in my life forever. I still am in the process of grieving. It's been two and a half years. That is ok. Sometimes it will creep up. ..What helps me the most is knowing that even though her life is done. She has finished her living I don't have to quit living. I don't have to walking as a zombie dead inside. I have the choice to live to the fullest with my full range of emotions or the choice to curl up into a bottle. Sometimes the later option truly does seem appealling but she would not want me to live my life in pain. You are never alone. Fear will grip me. But again it's choice (oh the freedom of choice which I once never had!). I can share my fear with another person and gain an alliance or push them away and be alone...Kudos on two weeks. That's rough. I sometimes look back at that time and don't even know how I did it. But I did. I survived. You survived. Live the happy victorious life you have deserved. Grow intimate with yourself and love the person you meet thoroughly. The flawed beautiful smart strong bold amazing person you are...
&gt; I wish each and every one of you the best in your recovery...Right back atcha!
AWESOME JOB! I'm looking forward to reaching the 2 week point as well keep it up!
Good luck and congratulations on two weeks!  A grief experience caused me to "spiral out of control" too.  I have recognized though that alcohol is not actually helping.  It's making it worse.
Congrats!!!!
