-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pen72/72_days_and_ups_and_downs/

Really no huge crisis points whatsoever but like any addiction at times it feels like the loss of a friend. I suppose the key is to replay the memories of regretful hangover mornings the embarrassment and the fears of physiological damage like heart disease and liver disease. Then it'll be more like getting rid of a bad friend...Major friggin' changes in health. I feel "vascular" if you know what I mean. The peripheral circulatory system just seems so much healthier. I notice an improvement from previous mild ED too which is a big relief. I sleep like a log and am able to nap. "The Committee" that used to hold raucous meetings in my head all day seems to agree on most things and meets much less frequently and generally keep a calm tone to discussions...I haven't felt rage or really even anger for a long time. M<y emotions are more middle of the road. I miss some of the ecstatic joy but suspect that wasn't 'normal' and was tied to the rollercoaster of a long running dependency and altered emotional state...Lost 6 pounds - whoohoo! That's nice. I'm not even trying. My wife says my face looks healthy and I lost the little bit of puffiness she noticed creeping in with age...Anyway - that's a 72 dayer reporting in...Hope everyone who might be struggling finds a second wind and stays strong..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey poopright... congratulations on your 72 days and I hope you'll keep adding to that one day at a time...Even if I get that "I lost a 'friend' feeling" I stay sober for this day and then get up tomorrow and re-commit to another 24 hours sober...I was going to post a long list of reasons that alcohol was never and will never be your friend but you already posted plenty of them...I will add one reason.  This 'friend' sometimes gets people like me killed if I romance it or think back longingly as if alcohol ever really helped me.  The thought of drinking is now something that I equate with having my hand on a hot stove.
Well done! And it really does keep getting better :)
Nice job! The thing about the middle of the road is there are no ditches there. It's actually a good place to be. Keep it up!
Way to go! Glad you're checking in and posting on your progress!
&gt;My emotions are more middle of the road. I miss some of the ecstatic joy but suspect that wasn't 'normal'..My expectations were that "serenity" was some sort of high.  My discovery was that serenity is more of a 'middle' thing where equanimity is reached. 
Inspiring glad to hear things keep getting better despite the low points which I too have felt.
