-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pg8d4/still_going_strong_and_something_ive_noticed/

Not drinking has been pretty successful. I've been around booze a lot too. I've become the designated driver for my group of friends. I'm finding that I like being in control of the situation and going to bars sober has given me perspective...I'm realizing that I just like being at bars. Which makes me wish they all served coffee. ..I've also cut AA out of my life. I think it's for the better. There's a prevailing attitude there (*attitude* not rhetoric mind you) that being drunk is somehow shameful. If it truly is a disease then why be ashamed of a relapse or even being a drunk in the first place? I have absolutely no shame about my old habits. I just realize they were counterproductive and dangerous...This has kept me sober. Maybe shame keeps some of you going. But for me letting go of that has allowed me to keep a level head. Just something to think about.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi KidDetective.  And congratulations on your 22 days...I agree that there are many in AA who speak about having been drunk in a manner that evokes shame but not everyone in AA thinks that way.  I consider myself to have one foot in AA and one foot out but even a year or so ago I stopped feeling shame about my alcoholism.  And I try to never speak about my fellow alcoholics in a manner that's talking down to them...Remember that some of the people in AA have only been there for a few weeks or months and we bring in to "the rooms" of AA the same kinds of attitudes that the general population has at least until we hear otherwise...If you're staying sober without AA that's fine of course but I have two thoughts about that.  One why not give it at least a year so you can learn more about what generally works and what doesn't.  (Maybe you've already been in/around AA for years... I wouldn't know.)  Second it's only a suggestion but I think it would be very wise for you to not go to bars for at least your first year sober...There is in the literature of AA a passage that says basically that AA members can still go anywhere that we want to go (including bars parties where there's alcohol) IF we have a legitimate business or social reason to be there.  So there's no blanket "rule" about being in a bar.  But are you going there to meet a business client?  Are you going because you absolutely believe it's very important to socialize with the people you're meeting with?  Or are you still on some level experiencing the lifestyle associated with your past drinking and sort of stealing a bit of vicarious enjoyment from being so close to the alcohol?..I don't know the answers to those questions but if the last possibility is the case then you might consider this old-style warning:  If you hang around barbershops long enough sooner or later you're going to get a haircut...In other words considering that you have 22 days sober I'm basically asking...  Hanging around in bars with your drinking friends... are you friggin' crazy?!  I have a bit over five years and I still don't go to bars...You will do what you will.  It's your life...
I think you're confused about the "shame" bit.  Most recovering alcoholics feel "shame" when they relapse because they're afraid of what the people in the meetings will think of them if/when they return to meetings.  They may also be ashamed of their past actions involving alcohol.  But being ashamed to actually be an alcoholic?  New comers usually realize pretty quick there's nothing to be ashamed of...It's perfectly normal for an alcoholic to have drunk in the past and be drunk.  The majority of attendees at AA meetings have a desire to stop drinking/stay stopped...I'm still amazed at the perceptions new comers have in regards to AA.  I do remember how skewed my view of reality was and how wrong it was early on...Good luck!
Nice job on the 22 days so far!..I think you're right in saying that shame will only take you so far. But the same can be said for intent and understanding - a "level head". Without action they will only take a person so far as well. ..Besides going to bars sober I really hope you've started to cultivate new actions and habits to replace drinking. When it comes to bars there are those that would tell you if you keep going to a barber shop you're definitely going to get a haircut so to speak. I wouldn't say that continuing to go to bars sober means you're going to drink but I would reflect on the proverb that where your treasure is so is your heart. ..One thing I've learned is that time and attention are treasure and investing them without looking ahead to where it will lead your heart often leads to shortsighted decisions. At the very least they're usually a bad investment. At the worst they change your heart in ways you didn't anticipate and the goals that seem so clear right now start to get pretty dim...I continually ask myself if I'm putting my treasure - my time attention and money - into places where I'm sure I want my heart to be. 
"I'm realizing that I just like being at bars. Which makes me wish they all served coffee." .. Surely there is a coffee shop around your college that serves good coffee and is a hangout place for other college kids. 
[deleted]
22 days That's pretty good. For a flower. You have the rest of your life to take into consideration. ..Going to bars because they serve coffee is like going to a whore for a hug. ..AA is for quitters. But to quit you might have to start..
I come to support groups for 'remember whens'. I see so many newcomers to recovery putting AA down. That was me for many years and I hated it with a passion. I never had the Internet to turn to for support so forgive me if you find all the support you need here. But don't bash AA until you've spent some time there. Have you read any of the principles which make it the leading recovery support group in the world? That is are you serious about quitting?.."There is a principle which is a bar against all information which is proof against all arguments and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance-that principle is contempt prior to investigation" Herbert Spencerpage pg 570 BB..There is nothing at AA to shame someone for getting drunk. Getting drunk is the most natural thing for alcoholics! If anyone knows that it is a member of AA who has been there and fought the battle. What the persistent AA'ers see in young people is the hotshots who think they can do it on their own and having been there know it doesn't work. I'm sorry if I offended you. My sidewalk manner roars it's pissed off self when I realize I'm reading words I could have written many full moons ago about cutting AA out of my life...Nietzsche said "There is no God". Now God says "there is no Nietzsche"..
I totally understand that feeling. I've gone up and down with my feelings about AA but the thing is I am sober because of the fellowship. I may get frustrated with the meetings but the friends I've made there are with me for life. ..After a year of sobriety I went back to college and most of my friends were/are normies. I have been DD for pretty much EVERYONE including  all normie boyfriends I had. The only way I've been able to do that is to go to AA hang out with AA friends and talk openly and honestly about everything I'm thinking and feeling. It's only through the program can I stay "strong" enough to know I am powerless. ..What I'm trying to get at is that what you're doing is wrong. You're feeling all the same feelings I feel/have felt. The only suggestion I have (and of course it's a program of suggestions not orders) is to keep going to meetings. If the meeting sucks try it again and other meetings. You may find people in your college that are sober too! ..The acceptance and letting go help immensely. But it sometimes gives way to overconfidence. ..Do what you're going to do. I always have to remember that I don't know everything about myself and that keeps me going back to meetings. I'm available if you ever want to talk/bitch about stuff :)
[deleted]
Just an observation about shame - ..Shame to me is the perception that other people disapprove of my behavior and call me on it...Guilt on the other hand is the perception that I find my own past behavior repugnant...I had very little shame as an alcoholic because I never was the type to hide it.  I was a lush and a barfly and proud of it...However I had quite a bit of *guilt* about my behavior because it was often difficult to explain what I was doing and why even to myself.  Blackouts had a bit to do with it and also the fact that I didn't understand the nature of addiction and obsession.  I was often very guilt-ridden about my broken promises to quit or cut back despite the fact that people I knew (many of them drunks too) told me I had nothing to be ashamed of.  I was told this at AA meetings too but didn't understand at the time that the oldtimer's insistence on doing the steps was about getting rid of the inner guilt not some sort of shaming mechanism that compared my behavior with some pedestal they were on.  ..My experience is that AA is awesome if you want to be there and absolutely sucks if you don't.  So go or don't as it suits you...Just a small word of advice about bars.  Bars are fun.  They exist for that reason.  However *bartenders* depend on you purchasing alcohol or some kind of product for their livelihood.  As an ex-bartender nothing annoyed me more than someone who because they weren't drinking felt like they could take up valuable bar/table space in my section and leave me no tip.  If you want to go to a bar fine.  Order seltzer and tip like it's cognac - the bartender will have your back and probably help you keep your composure.  Act like the staff owes you something for nothing because you are DD for your buddies - look out.
