-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pjbs9/4_days_sober_and_ive_been_to_aa_twice_in_the/

I've gone to AA many times but I always struggle when it comes to finding a sponsor.  what exactly do i do?  this probably sounds really basic but i dont really talk to anyone while im there and just want to gtfo and go home...i have schizoaffective disorder and i am kinda social awkward but i have shared in the group before i've gone months sober but the thing im missing is a sponsor because i always relapse.  this has been going on for about 10 years now
----------immediate responses--------

What exactly do you do?  Ask someone of your gender who's worked the steps themselves and with others to be your sponsor.  In my experience many alcoholics coming into AA are socially awkward I know I was.  There's a member of my hope group who has social anxiety disorder PTSD and bi-polar and he's putting together several years of recovery despite not even being able to talk at meetings 1.5 years ago because of his outside issues.  Oh and he has a sponsor...So just get a sponsor and start working the steps.
You could start by asking the meeting chair for a list of people willing to be temporary sponsors. In some meetings these people will also raise their hand as a part of a "12 step call". Don't put extra pressure on yourself to find the exact right fit and think of this as a long term marriage. In the beginning you need someone that will help you feel more comfortable in the rooms by introducing you to people and who will help you work the first few steps. You can either stick with them as a sponsor if it's working or agree to part ways if you find someone else who has what you want and who you think might be a better fit. To me realizing that it can start out as a trial relationship takes a little pressure off.
I would find someone who sounds genuinely happy and recovered and someone you hear talking about working the 12 steps someone who talks about the big book of alcoholics anonymous and helping others. ..Finding someone with years and years of sobriety is not always a good thing and unfortunately it seems a lot of old timers around here with double digit sobriety seem miserable and I would rather have a lot of people I know who are 6 months sober who have worked the steps quickly and are living the program. ..You could always share that you are new and looking for a sponsor I love when I hear people do that since I'm always trying to find people to sponsor and when someone shares that it makes my job easier and I'll race to try to get to them after the meeting. 
