-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pkimy/30_daysthank_you_rstopdrinking/

I just wanted to post and say thanks.  All of you who are here helping others.  You have made a difference in my life certainly...I started drinking at age 16.  It progressed slowly but by the time I was a senior in college at 23 I had a problem.  I quit drinking at that point got married and started raising a family.  This was a period of complete sobriety that lasted 14 years.  Then I thought well maybe I can have a beer every once in a while socially.  ..That was 6 years ago.  I relapsed and have been fighting with it ever since.  I mainly drank beer and wine.  However it progressed to hard liquor at several points.  Things gradually got so bad that I ended up in the ER twice.  I had two near syncopes exhaustion dehydration and massive anxiety. ..I decided to get sober after this incident and for about 5 months I was able to stay that way.  I then thought well maybe if I just drink beer and give up wine and everything else.  Things got bad again after that and I ended up on a beer binge every 2-4 days for the last 3 years.  Drinking resulted in loss of my home a forced resignation from two jobs because I missed too much work lots of embarrassing situations some broken relationships with friends etc. etc...Anyway 31 days ago I was a miserable wreck after trying for years to get sober again.  Thank you all for being here!  Your posts personal stories and encouragement have helped me get to 30 days!..Edit: Added some relevant information.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 30 days!..Thanks for your story...I am to be honest not here to 'help others.'  I am here to share and discuss primarily to help remind me why I stay sober - as you know it can be easy to forget. ..If what I say helps others great.  What you said helped *me.*..I remain convinced from my own experience and from testimonials like yours that I can never again drink safely.
[deleted]
Truly inspiring footballcoach thanks and congratulations! It really struck a cord with me that you had more than a couple of months put together and then decided to see if you could drink normally again. I don't often get those thoughts but when I do I have only my own dim memories and the more recent more relevant experience of people that have tried it to guide me. Thanks for sharing this and congratulations again on getting your life back!
Congratulations footballcoach!  My life with booze has been somewhat similar to yours.  I started very early - about 13 and had a serious problem by 16 with alcohol and drugs.  Jail juvy permanently expelled from school etc.  Then I was completely sober and went to AA for 11 years.  Started to drink again after that and had a reasonably good balance between professional life my relationship and booze for about ten years then it all started downhill again.  Have tried everything - just drinking beer wine various methods of "cutting down" the amount I drink.  They all work for a short while then I'm back in the mix drinking 1/3 to 1/2 a bottle a night...30 days is really great - I hope I get there!  Yesterday when I was out doing errands I passed by a liquor store I used to frequent and reflexively my arms jerked the steering wheel a bit to turn in.  for a moment I was like "oh wouldn't that taste good."  And then the other part of me the part that I have newly set free started screaming "NNNOOOOOOOO!  PLEASE don't do that to me anymore!" and I drove right on by.  That felt good.
Congrats and thanks for sharing your story. The next phase of my journey is learning to stay sober long term I'm going to think about what you said when I catch myself starting to think I can suddenly start drinking under control.
Yeaah awesome job! I'm one week behind you can't wait to hit 30 days. Very impressive!
