-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pkx47/i_think_i_have_finally_found_the_strength_to/

I owe it in part to this sub. I have been a heavy drinker for the past few years. I am 23 and it really picked up after I turned 21. I have tried to quit before and just a couple of weeks ago I had been sober for 33 days. No one knew I was battling with this or even knew I was counting the days. But I had made it a goal to get sober for the new semester. I was laid off last week and relapsed pretty hard over the last few days. I got blackout drunk last night and this morning I was not happy with myself. I started crying uncontrollably and this is something that has never happened to me before especially with such little warning. I found this sub and began to read some of the stories leading to more uncontrollable crying. I called my mom because I didn't know who else to turn to. Getting that off my chest feels like such a big step to me along with the fact that I became so emotional (I can't tell you the last I cried prior to this.) You guys gave me the courage to admit that I have a problem and that I am not the only one going through this. It was like all the emotions I had suppressed with alcohol hit me in one blow this morning and I really feel like I have made an extremely pivotal mental step. Just wanted to share and say thanks especially to those of you that seem to go out of your way to give advice...EDIT: So I had my first panic attack today. I had to drive about an hour to get home and I felt like I was going to faint. I pulled into a parking lot to rest my eyes. After sitting there for a few minutes and I felt like I was going to lose consciousness I proceeded to have a panic attack. I called my father and he was able to talk me down. I walked around outside and got some fresh air and felt great. The second I got back on the road I started to panic again. I pulled back over and did some breathing techniques and cooled down. This happened a couple of more times before I decide it was best that I stay in a hotel  tonight. I used to think panic attacks weren't real or near as intense as people claimed...turns out I was wrong...**Are panic attacks common?**
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on admitting it to yourself that's hard.  I understand it being difficult especially at a young age  I was 20 when I started going down hill and I never figured it was a problem because I was young and everyone around me was being just as irresponsible. Now at 25 it's much clearer but not any easier.  I wish I could tell you it'll be easy but hell I just started this journey too but I think you may have made a big first step.  Stay Strong.
I remember when I first started counting the days. It was back in 1995..I was 35. I had just had my first breakdown due to alcohol...The highest number I ever got to before my current period of sobriety was 75 in 2001...The difference this time was that I finally realised I had a choice. Die miserably of alcoholism or stop. It is that simple. You do not have to wait as long as I did to make that choice.
You can do this!  It's hard but not impossible.  And so far for me the payoff is great.  I feel like I trust myself again.
Thanks for sharing. It's a rough realization and you're probably having one hell of a day. I can tell you that it gets better if you work for your recovery and put time and energy into getting healthy. I was 25 when I got sober. ..Congratulations this is a huge step for you. Cry it out friend. We're here for you.
the good thing is your 23. it wont be easy but it is so worth it. you wrote in one response that you have already had to repair a realationship with your brother because of stupid drunken nonsense.. i was 48 when i quit drinking and i wish that i had only one relationship to repair.  you are fortunate enough to have parents that are willing to help you. i wish the best for you.
[deleted]
