-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pl6ej/walk_of_shame/

I would like to share a story with you. The events in this story haunt me every day--partly because I don't yet know how the story is going to end but mostly because of the gaping hole it has created in my once perfect bubble. If it can serve as a cautionary tale and help even one person then writing all of this will have been worth it...It was a Saturday night. I had worked hard all week and I could feel the pressure subside as I ate dinner and got ready to go out for the night with some friends in the city. I thought this was going to be like any other night--meet up with my friends at the bars and have a few drinks...I sat in my car and checked to make sure that there was a bottle of water nearby. As I cranked up the tunes and headed for the city I was ready to finally "start" my weekend...My friends and I meet up at Bar #1. We order drinks and make small talk. We soon realize that the place is dwindling. That's odd the bar is usually packed. We decide to leave for a different bar...Bar #2. Much better. It's slightly crowded but at least there are people here. We order drinks and stand in a prime location. As we're talking to each other and catching up on life we capitalize on our location and start chatting with the ladies coming our way. It isn't before long that our group has doubled and we decide it's time to leave for a slightly larger and more fun venue. But--not without one more round...Lounge #1. There's a dance floor here and we all start dancing. At this point the night's going very well and I think to myself this will be one to remember. In about 90 minutes I will never have been so correct in my entire life...As we're leaving the lounge and exchanging numbers I tell the girl I'm with that I'll see her soon. I want to stay longer but the rational side of me knows that I need to wake up early and get work done. As I leave I tell my friends that it was great to catch up and that I'll see them next weekend...Fast forward a few minutes and I'm now driving home. I'm feeling good for catching up with my friends and for having met a girl that I  clicked with so well. As I set my cruise control to match the speed limit I pick a playlist and keep track of the highway exits getting lower and lower. I'm almost home...What's with the car next to me? Why does he keep swerving into my lane? Let's pull ahead a bit and get away from him. ..A couple of minutes pass and all is well until the same car comes up right next to me still swerving. I get annoyed and pull away again putting a few car lengths between me and him. As I hope he finally backs off I suddenly notice a flash in my rear view mirror. Then another. And another. This isn't the same car that was next to me--I can see him further back. Now the flashing lights are alternating red and blue...It takes less than 15 seconds for me to pull over to the emergency lane and turn my car off. As the officer approaches a second shot of adrenaline is pumping through my body. I remain calm and hand over my license and proof of insurance...Officer: Sir I pulled you over because of... Have you been drinking at all tonight?..It isn't before long that the officer asks me to step out of the vehicle for some field sobriety tests. My mind is telling me to remain calm. I can handle this. After I comply with every request and what I thought amounted to passing the field tests I am placed under arrest for not taking what I was told was an "optional" breath alcohol test...Getting hauled off to jail there is only one thought going through my head. How could this happen to me? I've never gotten a speeding ticket before in my life let alone getting arrested for suspicion of DUI. Life was so good to me--this had to be a nightmare. Wake up! I closed my eyes and opened them. I'm still in the back seat and I still can't move my arms...I enter the station and am required to do an alcohol test at this point. All of my possessions are taken documented and placed in a bag. I am searched for a second time asked more questions and am moved to a second holding cell. I'm thinking that this will be the jail cell I'm staying in tonight. Not quite. An officer walks in and I am searched for a third time and my shoelaces are removed. I am escorted out of the cell to have my fingerprints taken followed by a mugshot...I'm told that I will be detained until I sober up. I am placed in a holding cell with others also arrested on suspicion of DUI. ..If everything up to now was a nightmare the holding cell was hell. As I sit in the cell waiting without any indication of what time it is it is just me and my thoughts. How did this happen to me? How could it happen to me? Is this the end of my life? What do I do next? I'm so ashamed of myself. I don't call anyone--I don't want anyone to know. I sit there and wait... and wait. To make matters worse I don't yet know if I am under or over the BAC limit...Minutes turned to half-hours and those turned to hours and more hours. Of course I had no way of knowing any of this precisely. I lost track of time as I started losing my mind. I couldn't sleep with all of the adrenaline panic and restlessness going through my body. After waiting for what seemed like a week morning came. The officers entered the cell and handed us our breakfasts--Peanut Butter & Jelly sandwiches and Kool Aid powder to mix with water...After some more hours of sitting wide awake wrestling with my thoughts we were all finally lined up and told that we were going to get our belongs...As I waited my turn to get my belongings we were all issued a stern warning to behave unless we wanted to stay till the next night. I shuddered. Finally we were told to walk down a narrow corridor and out the station. We were not to stop anywhere and not to fumble with our belongings until we had exited the station. My walk to freedom would also be my walk of shame. ..As I exited the station I felt humiliated beaten broken and depressed. I stopped at a nearby bench to lace up my shoes. A thought went through my head. I am now potentially a criminal. My blemish free record and a life of hard work could all be changed by one decision. It didn't matter how many late nights I put in working or what university I went to. It's all the same in the eyes of the law and any potential future employers. If I am branded I will have to live with the title of criminal. Reality began to overwhelm me at this point...I used the last bit of my energy to get my car and drive home. I stripped down to my underwear leaving my clothes on the floor of the garage and jumped in the shower. I then called a lawyer and went to bed...Aftermath:..I've been struggling with the events that have happened to me that night every single day. I do not know anything about my case and will not know anything until the date of the arraignment...I have never thought of myself as an alcoholic. I had previously alternated my weekends with a few drinks and staying completely sober. ..However I would now like to ask for your help education and support in maintaining a completely sober lifestyle. I will not touch a drop of alcohol again in my life.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry to hear about your situation.  I am sure things will work out for you.  At least you are making the change now.  Yes it's a big wake-up call but you still have your health friends etc.  ..You will get through it.  Many things like this happen in life and at the time you think it's the end of the world but it is not.  Life has bumps in the road for all of us at some point...So why exactly did he pull you over in the first place?
Do you have the right to know your own BAC? Not that I would press it if I were in that situation without talking to the lawyer first but your BAC is the key to just how bad this situation may be. You state that you were arrested on suspicion of DUI but have you actually been charged with anything yet?
Good luck to you - get a lawyer and do what the lawyer says to do. This is a great place to find help and support for the stopping of the drinking I hope you stick around.
