-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/q6jl1/id_like_to_thank_everyone_here_that_helped_a/

I believe the old post have now been deleted but they had questions about how to deal with me and several of you helped them. I currently requested my badge reset to 4 days now and hope it ends up 40 years one day. ..I can't begin to describe how hurt and devastated I felt knowing how badly I had scared all my friends. I'm not just someone who can drink and get drunk I get scary blood sugar issues that cause me to do crazy shit. I guess it's my body's natural alarm system to alert others that there is a major issue. It often gets beaten into the ground but insanity truly is repeating the same mistakes expecting difference results. My take on that for others is "insanity is not only repeating the same mistakes but repeating others mistakes expecting different results...My detox process was dangerous and terrifying. Although I had not drank heavily for over a month I hit it very hard for a good 4 days after drinking steadily. I guess you could say my steadily drinking would be heavy for most so lets just say I always drink heavily. Moderation for me was not having more than a few drinks during the day and 10 drinks in a night and waking up without a hangover. My last night during a alcohol and blood  sugar blackout was scary. I basically drank a 1.75 liter bottle of vodka and decided to do some other stupid things that I would rather not mention here. I will say the whole process and nightly events were life threatening to me in many ways. Basically from last Tuesday until a day or so ago I laid around sweating shaking heart rhythm issues face and arms going numb and in general a constant feeling like I was going to pass out or die at any moment and that was with detox meds to help. I'd tell you it was a 3-4 day hangover but hangover was not the word for what I felt. If there is a hell I found it  and it exist on earth within alcohol withdrawls. ..Why am I telling you all this? I guess I want to let others know what they can look forward to if they allow their drinking to get out of hand. Secondly I would suggest medically detoxing. I was stupid and didn't want an alcohol detox on my insurance record. I already have lupus and so it was hard enough to get insurance. In hindsight who gives a fuck about what's on your insurance record if you end up dead right?..Today I am clean/sober minus all the cold medicine I'm taking for a chest cold. But I have to tell you the thought of ever getting back to where I just was is the scariest thing I can ever think of in life. I've drank on and off since I was 17. I quit at 20 and started again when I was 26 and didn't stop again until this past year. I've never been afraid of much in my life but this whole ordeal scared me so badly I've  literally been on the verge of a break down over it. The past 2 days I've walked around randomly getting choked up and my emotions are on edge. I truly feel like I came as close to dying as I ever have. ..I hope this never happens to me again and if I ever get close to pushing the edge like I did I hope my sick addicted brain remembers how it was and picks up the phone to call everyone I love to talk me out of it. I don't think I have another bad run in me I truly don't think I'll survive the next time. Thanks for letting me ramble..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad that nothing irreversibly bad happened; it sounds like you were in terrible danger. Thank you for sharing this.
Rock bottom...Happy you survived. It only gets better from here.
Please stop digging and let this be your rock bottom. I hit this point so many times the delirium tremens 3-4 day "hangovers" but I continued to drink for another 4 months after that. It was fucking hell...I have another drink in me but I am not sure if I have another recovery in me. My body was shot by the time I entered rehab. ..You're worth recovery. If you're willing to do anything and everything to get sober and stay sober you will reap the rewards.
Second chances or even thirds can be sweet.  Appreciate the gift of knowledge remember the fear and respect your opponent.  You must respect an opponent who can kill you...It took me two attempts to get/stay sober the second of which was eighteen and a half years ago.  My support group at that time was my wife and a couple of (not-so-close) friends I hadn't managed to alienate while a drunk.  I had got myself to a liter of gin/day by then end of my drinking...I drank to self-medicate for depression/anxiety.  Talk about bad jokes.  ..Sometimes it's "One Day at a Time" others it's "One Hour at a Time" and once in a while it's "One Minute at a Time".  You can do this.
&gt; If there is a hell I found it  and it exist on earth within alcohol withdrawls...I think we've been to the same place.  I kept notes while going through it and whenever the idea of taking a drink pops into my mind I re-read them. I don't even recognize the person who wrote those things.  I hope I always remember how truly terrible that place was.
I'm glad you didn't die. I don't think I could handle that. Maybe next time you have an opportunity to drink you will remember what you just went through as well as what you put all your friends through. And as you know if you ever need me I will be there to help you. I'm just a phone call or car ride away. I will always be here for you. ..In 10 days you will be 2 years smoke free. Hopefully this time next year we can say you are 3 years smoke free and a year sober. 
Hi hmd27 and welcome back!  And congratulations on those four awesome days of sobriety...By the time I finally stopped drinking after doing it for about 30 years my health had gotten bad in several ways and I was afraid the cops were after me.  (Many would say they should have been after me too!)..Life isn't perfect now but having found some tools for continuous sobriety in AA and by showing up here and participating too I am fairly happy and I feel free.  I have several years sober now but I remember the pain and the sweats and the shakiness...In fact thanks for reminding me!  I never want to forget those feelings because it helps me to not go back to drinking...So it sounds like you've reached a point where you're done digging deeper... some call that your "bottom."  Some people think they're done digging... but tragically they keep digging (drinking) anyway...What are you going to be doing day to day to ensure that you keep adding to your new sobriety one day at a time?..Will you be hitting meetings and/or showing up here?  I hope you'll do both for some period of time at least...It's better to do more about strengthening your sobriety than you think is necessary than to do just barely enough or any less.  I hope you keep adding to your sobriety one day at a time and learn the ways that other people do that... then you can pass it along to other people.
