-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/q6k5l/went_out_with_a_friend_last_night_didnt_relapse/

... it was an unpleasant experience...Don't get me wrong I was glad to see her and talk to her. But I didn't enjoy being in a bar. After a while all I wanted was to go home. And it wasn't just the proximity of alcohol. The noise the people they made me want to bang my head on the wall or possibly theirs. :/..I really don't know what to make of it. Will I ever enjoy being in a bar with a friend again? I've always been quite the misanthropist; I guess alcohol used to help with that and now it doesn't anymore...I also noticed something. To me it's a lot easier not to drink than it is not to get drunk. By that I mean it's easier not to have one drink because one drink feels pointless to me. The whole point of alcohol in my POV is to get utterly drunk. I don't even want *one* drink. I want lots of them or nothing...It was hard to look around me at the familiar places where I used to party and think I'm probably never going to have fun in there again. Then again the memory of what "fun" really looked like does make sobriety worthwhile...Oh well it's only been 20 days. I probably need more time to learn how to do that social interaction thing... And the good thing is: I drank nothing but water. :)
----------immediate responses--------

As a sober ex-bartender I find bars to be noisy unpleasant smelly places these days and yet I spent half my life in bars by choice...I liken them to being stuffed on a city bus on the commute home - jammed up against people I don't know unavoidably crowded and uncomfortable...I find that my concept of what is and isn't 'fun' has changed with my recovery - it's not that I don't have fun anymore it's just that 'fun' looks and feels differently...I find also that social interactions where I say twenty sentences to one person are more enjoyable today than an atmosphere in which I say one sentence to twenty people...Alcohol was a tool I used to make me into someone I was not - and then alcohol stopped doing the tasks I had assigned it and I was left with nothing...Today I'm learning who pizzaforce3 is and how I interact best with my surroundings instead of trying to force myself into a social norm for which I am ill-equipped.  Bars just don't 'fit' me anymore...Congrats on those twenty days - and try a coffee house or a theater or a laundromat for your socializing next time ;-)
[deleted]
Only you will know. But it sounds like you aren't going to enjoy going to a bar. I really don't know why you went in the first place. There are other activities you can do with your friends that won't jeopardize your sobriety. At least while you're this early in recovery I would stay away from bars and ANYTHING that you think would trigger you.
Well put honest observation about avoiding the "just one drink" trap.  I read your post just after reading [this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/q6qmz/there_and_back_again/) and thought some cross-pollination was in order..
&gt;To me it's a lot easier not to drink than it is not to get drunk. By that I mean it's easier not to have one drink because one drink feels pointless to me. The whole point of alcohol in my POV is to get utterly drunk. I don't even want one drink. I want lots of them or nothing...Exactly.  It took me a long time to realize this.
Congratulations I'm on the same day count as you. I completely get your point about the one drink being pointless I feel the same way. I know it's probably the wrong approach but my wife is still bringing alcohol into the house just enough for her so I look at the amount of what she purchased and just tell myself there isn't enough there to get me plastered so why even bother. I realize this probably isn't the healthiest approach to sobriety but it's kept me from raiding her stash. Even if there was enough I wouldn't want to go back to where I was. Good luck to you.
