-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/qxbpn/public_official_afraid_to_be_seen_at_aa/

Roger Ebert's great article about [his experience with AA](http://blogs.suntimes.com/ebert/2009/08/my_name_is_roger_and_im_an_alc.html) (which I first read on reddit) motivated me to try a meeting however I saw someone I knew there and it was a jolt. He is a good guy and I trust him but I concluded that it was inevitable that or sooner or later I would see someone less honorable and they would use it against me. The politics here are brutal and seem to trump all decency. Maybe that's true everywhere...I could go out of town but I am known all around the county. Not succeeding at quitting on my own...I feel as if it might be ok for people to know I am in AA when I have more time sober but not now when I am struggling. I fantasize that there are secret AA meetings for elected people like on the West Wing but I have no way of knowing where or how to get hooked up...Edit: added link to great Ebert article
----------immediate responses--------

The thing about seeing people in AA is that they are *also* in AA. They would be blowing their cover if they blew yours...If you can find one try and another meeting.
Our getting help and they are getting help nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed about ever
I don't know.  Maybe you could dress in an uncharacteristic way and introduce yourself by a different name until you feel more confident?  You should probably get a sponser really soon if you don't have one now who can help you with this stuff.  Good luck!
I am not a public official but am slowly becoming more well known in my area. I am equally afraid of being recognized. 
Disguise kit fake mustache and an eyepatch...But in seriousness that is a tough situation.  I know it's not exactly the same but a therapist who specializes in addiction in your area might provide the support and anonymity you're looking for.  And they may know of local resources that you don't know of or haven't heard of or may be specific to where you live.
I guess my first thought was If you don't have a spokesperson that in today's culture of redemption can't instantly spin being seen at an AA meeting as either (1) damaging to the person that disclosed or takes advantage of it or (2) net positive for your campaign it might be time to get a new PR person. Are you certain this isn't less about professional practicalities than it is about ego? Because that would be understandable I wouldn't have to go through the spin cycle myself I'm just saying it should certainly be manageable even if worst comes to worst.
[deleted]
Hi greeninregulation.  Okay... this comment turned into a wall of text... but I hope it's helpful.  Take what works for you and leave the rest...I really feel for you and your situation.  If you've seen some of my comments you might know I'm an alcoholic who drank for several decades and who now has a few years of continuous sobriety...You might not like what I want to tell you but I think it's probably what you need to hear.  And I have mixed feelings about parts of AA so this isn't a sales pitch... just my take on your situation...And note that I'll use the term alcoholism here... I don't know if you're okay with that... if not it's fine to call your situation a "drinking problem" if you prefer...I'll offer two different suggestions below...Alcoholism as you probably know is a life-threatening disease/syndrome.  And it is not a respecter of a person's position in life nor their education nor their wealth etc.  In my opinion everyone who wants to get sober is faced with making at least one and often several tough choices.  In your case you might have to either take a few weeks/months away from whatever office you hold in order to focus on your sobriety.  You might even need to give it up completely... probably not... and I hope not... but that's a possibilty...Why?  **Because if you want to recover you must put your sobriety ahead of everything else in your life.**  I know it must seem that this really "sucks."  But there might be a whole new world for you after you gain continuous sobriety.  I can't guarantee what that will be of course but the path you're on now leads to three things:  jails institutions and death...Just for reference I lost my home (that I had paid into for nearly 20 years) shortly after I stopped drinking due to the lasting effects of many years of drinking combined with a bad reaction to a prescription.  None of that would have ever happened to me if I hadn't inherited the predisposition for alcoholism and semi-willingly downed so many drinks.  It sucked...But today I'm mostly happy joyous and free.  Also I'll likely never own another home due to my health and finances.  But I have a sober life and good relationships with other sober people...I have two suggestions for you.  The first is to just do what the rest of us do.  As it says shortly before the 12 steps are introduced in the AA "Big Book":  "If you have decided you want what we have and are willing to go to any length to get it then you are ready to take certain steps..."  And for whatever it's worth a plumber cab driver painter or waiter/waitress often faces the same thing you're facing... it's just that they *might* not have as much to lose if their client/boss/friend/spouse/parent/child is someone they don't want knowing of their alcoholism.  Maybe they have more to lose if they're living paycheck to paycheck... but in any case active alcoholism is a much bigger threat than job loss of any kind.  It's basically asking for a slow death or a jail sentence or both...My other suggestion is that you can go to open meetings and if it comes time for you to say something or if you want to say something you can begin with "I'm xxxx and I'm just here to learn."  You're never required to label yourself at AA.  The problem with this as I see that you alluded to is that it would start you off with a less-than-completely-honest standpoint in AA.  And the major thrust of step one is... honesty...I hope you'll ask yourself which is really more important.  Protecting your position in whichever office you hold or not dying?..And please feel free to respond either right here or by private message.  I'm open to questions and/or trying to be helpful in other ways if I can.  Step one is typically a "real bitch" for all of us at least until we go ahead and take it...EDIT:  I want to add that you can of course participate here at /r/stopdrinking regardless of anything else that you might do.
I just finished up a book called Second Chances. It's a book of top executives and politicians who have openly come out with their addiction and who have had incredible careers since. I highly recommend reading it even if to only see other people who are in politics and how they have addressed their issues. ..It might give you the strength needed to face your constituents when or if you're outed.  I won't go out and say that I know politics but I'm sure it's a lot like Marketing especially during the run up to election.  It's about you and the service you bring.  Have a plan in case you ARE outed.  Find a way to spin it in a positive way. Think about how you might be able to spin it in that you are better suites to serve the people because of your meetings and has a list of high profile addicts who have also faced their addiction as a backup of leaders who continue to lead while continuing to work their program...I hate to say it but it sounds like its a matter of time and you just need to have a plan in place to address your people.  Find trusted folks around you to help build your strength. ..America was built facing adversity on a daily basis.  Look how great our country is now!
Have you explored online groups?  I know they're around but I don't have personal experience with them.  I know it's not the same but if being recognized by a bad character in a meeting is a deal-breaker for you then it's worth trying out!  I would imagine there are live meetings that they carry out over Skype or something.  No it's probably not as personal and heavy as sitting there in person but it is something and will still enable you to meet people see their faces hear their stories.  Good luck..
I go to a private closed meeting locally.  These 'west wing' style meetings do exist.  This meeting I go to is called 'a professionals' meeting.  It's got mostly doctors lawyers professors and even a couple probation/ parole officers (the PO's I could potentially hurt by publicly blaring that they're alcoholics [I'm on probation] but I just wouldn't do that. Hopefully most people in AA just wouldn't do that).  I don't really belong at this meeting.  My boss just took me so I started going.  There's some good recovery there.  Thing is you just have to keep your eyes and ears open and maybe you'll hear of one.  I'm sorry you're in the situation you are in.  That's rough.  I hope you find what you're looking for.
I'm not a public official but I am a Realtor and the last thing I want to see is a current or past client at a meeting. I keep thinking that due to the current economy and housing market that it should be expected that us Realtor's are wasted and trying to drown our sorrows. ..
I have a friend in the program who is a well known politician in my town and he attends a certain meeting that's pretty good for being super super anonymous. It's a men's meetings. It's not a secret club or anything like that just the spirit there is hardcore anonymity. Maybe test out a men's meetings?
I read you but the fact that the second A in AA refers to the word Anonymous should tell you that your concern was shared by many persons including our founders. And the fact that we often see well known people in meetings tells us that many understand that their sobriety is the building block without which none of the rest is possible. Personnaly I would rather be a celebrity that gets cought getting sober that a celebrity getting cought DUI. I hope you find a group that will help you cross this Rubicon.
