-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/qyzyq/i_feel_like_im_two_people/

Ok..long post here so I apologize. Well I had a real bad bourbon habit for several years emptying at least 2.5 liters per week. I would pretty much binge every night. I didn't go out to bars didn't drink with dinner I confined all my drinking to late at night after work after the family was in bed. I crammed it all in after 11pm and always payed for it the next day. My pattern was always waking up sick then regretting what I did the night before then vowing not to do it again. Then later feeling the craving again and bargaining with myself and making excuses to drink. Then the next thing I knew I was pulling into the liquor store on the way home from work. I already hated myself by the time I had the bottle in the car but a few drinks in would drown the shame and I'd be back on top of the world feeling like a normal human being for a few hours. My recovery in a nutshell has been sporadic. Basically I quit the hard stuff 14 months ago but eventually replaced it with "lighter fare" that I imagined I had more "control" over. Usually consisting of a bottle of red wine 3-4 times per week. Better than a toxic amount of kentucky bourbon every night right? Well not in the sense that I'm still no less a slave to "drinky time". What I'm getting at is I'm still in the same pattern. I literally feel like two different people. During the day I'm feeling good I'm healthy I'm active I'm thinking positive. And I am convinced that I don't want anything to do with alcohol. But sometimes late in the evening that other person takes over. And I'm overcome by the compulsion to drink. I'm back to maing excuses with myself and defying all my good intentions. I feel like this alcoholic person hates the other person and just wants to undo all the good things he does for his body (eating right exercising) by poisoning him and giving into selfish needs. (I understand I'm externalizing here but I feel like of all places you guys here would somehow understand where I'm coming from). Anyway all I want to do is be one whole person. I want this struggle to end and the stronger side of myself to come out on top. I'm curious if anyone else has had success with overcoming that "other side" with a similar experience as me. And I'll add this; I'm not opposed to AA in fact I went to meetings early in my recovery and I loved the experience and people I met. Unfortunately since then I've taken a second job and one of my three children has developed some special needs. So attending meetings isn't exactly out of the question but attending on a daily basis definitely is. I'm trying not to sound like I'm making an excuse its just where my life is right now. And thanks to anyone who read all this. You guys are great.  
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man I'm with you except for the bourbon.  I like me some gin.  Gin and tonic.  Forget the lime I'm not fancy.  You see my flair right?  That's because of AA.  For me I find I don't drink if I go to meetings.  I had 90 days last summer that I attribute to going to AA meetings.  That compulsion you speak of?  Gone.  It wasn't dramatic it just wasn't there one day.    Then I took a promotion and my schedule changed.  Within 40 days of my last meeting I started drinking again.  Same as you made deals and excuses for myself.  It started moderately but within a few weeks I was drinking until I I could pass out again.  Back in AA after little over a month I noticed the craving was gone.  .I have a scientific mind.  I need evidence that something works.  For me at this point if I don't go to a meeting or two or several a week I'll drink.  I go as often as I can.  Do what you can with that man- good luck.
I'm in the exact same place as you and feel the exact same way.. It really does feel like you're two different people.. I'd love to kick the habit as well let me know if you discover something that works for you! 
There are two things your post is evoking for me. One that you're not going to become a whole person by hating half of yourself. No matter how destructive it is drinking is serving some kind of function for you. It's a solution for something. What is that? What is it making better even if it's temporarily? Whatever your answer is it's going to point to the areas where you need help when you quit.   ..Also "overcoming your other side" might be going in the wrong direction. It's not intuitive but there's a reason AA says that the first step is admitting that you are powerless. Thinking of it in terms of your strong side winning is like saying that this side of you will always HAVE to be strong if you're to remain sober. But as you know it isn't strong all the time. Nor can it be: you're human you get under stress and you're going to run low on resources sometimes no matter how good your intentions are.    ..So if you go in the other direction and admit complete and total defeat to alcohol even when you're feeling healthy and good and positive it actually helps because you'll never have to be stronger than drink. You can always cede victory which doesn't mean picking up a drink but surrendering all of that energy to something greater than you (whatever that is for you) and to the aspects of your life that truly give you joy.   ..Go to whatever meetings you can. Better a few than none. Good luck to you!
My situation was different but I remember using the exact same metaphors. Like you said I was externalizing. I'm not saying it's a bad thing in itself though. Rather I think it's a stage. It was for me at least. That's how I first came to admit there was a problem. OK it was not my problem it was that other guy's problem. But it was a problem...Truth is I feel better now because I've come to terms with the fact *I am* that other guy. There's no good guy during the weekdays and bad guy during the weekends (that was my drinking schedule). There's only one guy me a regular human being with a problem. I'm an alcoholic...For me first there was denial. Then came admission of the problem *with* externalizing. Now I'm whole and 39 days sober...Whatever you do either go to AA meetings or just hang out around r/stopdrinking (the latter works great for me) I'm sure you're on the right track. You are not in denial. You know there is a problem. And if I may say so without sounding patronizing now you have to make it *your* problem...At any rate thanks for sharing and congrats on posting here! :)
I totally relate to this..
Your drinking pattern sounds a lot like mine.  About the same quantity with the liquor although I started earlier in the evening. (no kids)  And I had a similar feeling every morning and all day - "how I wish I were free of this stuff it's making me miserable" - then 5 or 6 o clock would hit and I'd be bottle-feeding again every time...You might want to try reading the book mentioned in the sidebar.  It really helped me recognize my self-defeating thought patterns and how devastating and devious alcohol addiction actually is.
Not only do I think I understand where you're coming from I feel as though I could have in early sobriety typed every single word you wrote here.  I used to feel sort of like I had two minds...I would go to work (hungover) feel like a warmed-over crap sandwich all day usually swear that tonight it would have to be different... that I wouldn't drink that night... and then 95% of the time it's as if half of my mind felt I was turning right to go home but the other half of me turned the steering wheel to the left and went to the liquor store...Even though I have mixed feelings about parts of AA it is where I went from this "split" feeling to continuous sobriety and to feeling "happily and usefully whole" at least most of the time.  And I never feel the incomprehensible demoralization that I used to feel when I had ended up drinking AGAIN after swearing AGAIN AND AGAIN that tonight would be different...For me recovery began with getting to regular meetings and with learning from others that if I just stayed sober for today... and then first thing tomorrow morning recommit to doing it again I can have continuous sobriety...So yes we (in recovery) have had success in overcoming that "other side"...And daily meetings are highly recommended but I didn't do them at first.  I did them for a while and I'm back to doing a few each week instead of daily meetings.  The real key is overall commitment to sobriety one day at a time.  There's no "law" that says you absolutely must do daily meetings although they're highly recommended by many people.  One suggestion is that you could go to as an example four meetings per week and on the others three days make a special effort to do more things like reading recovery-related material talking to your sponsor and participating here.
I'm not a book thumper by any means but we read this last night and it's surprisingly relevant:.."Here is the fellow who has been puzzling you especially in his lack of control...He is a real Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde...His disposition while drinking resembles his normal nature but little."..There are a number of great suggestions in this thread. Try all of them.
I understand how you feel!  You need to replace it with something else as like me you have an addictive personality.  Adrenaline rushes work.  It is difficult to start but the high it provides is WELL WORTH IT.  Do and " on demand" workout or buy Billy Blanks TaeBo.  You may not be able to do it all at first but it feels good.  Do that and go to a meeting.  I also so therapy myself.
