-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rng7s/one_week/

Not looking for a pat on the back or anything but this is the first time I have been sober for a continuous week in 3 years. This week has had many ups and downs. I found a sponsor I really like and I am starting to open up to some friends and family so that has been really good. Many even accept me and are willing trying to help which after the shit i put them through is more then I could have ever hoped for there capacity for forgiveness amazes me.. .But I am also struggling with the "spirituality" of AA and still can't bring myself to find a "higher power" and I am still without a job and a chance I had to find a job drove me into an anxiety attack  where I was so close to buying a bottle. This made me feel so low. On top of all of that.. .My Sister-in-law planned a party for her parents 25th wedding anniversary. My Brother and Sis-in-law flew in this morning from L.A. (to Detroit) which was the first time I have seen my brother sober in a long time. It was awkward and difficult for me but was also amazing to see him accept me.. .My Sis-in-laws parents wedding anniversary was terrible. She planned this thing all the way from L.A. and flew all the way out to see her parents and surprise them only to have it ruined because her mom is such an alcoholic. This broke my heart to see my sister in law so crushed after everything she had done. It also scared me cause I was scared I was watching a ghost of xmas future. ..Sorry TL;DR It has been a roller coaster week of great ups! and real lows. I am just looking for reassurance that I can keep this up and that I am not going to become a sad old drunk that tears apart his friends family and himself. 
----------immediate responses--------

You will only become a sad old drunk if you pick up another drink...You have achieved amazing things this week and as your sobriety lengthens and your confidence increases you will be amazed at the results...Best of luck! 
You may not need a pat on the back but a week of sobriety is something to be very happy with!  ..What you describe as struggling with the "spirituality" and the "higher power" is the beginnings of what I experience in my first couple of weeks as well.  I was a few days sober when I saw that I didn't need to just stay away from booze.  I saw that I didn't have the power to not pick up that first drink.  You see I'm the kind of guy that ALWAYS takes the first drink yet there I was.  A week sober.  The following two years have been an experience of getting to know that thing that was keeping me sober already.  ..I got a sponsor that took me through the steps right out of the big book.  We followed the directions carefully.  ..Congrats on the week of sobriety!  Stay in touch!
You *can* keep it up!  It's completely within your power to never become a sad old drunk that tears apart his friends &amp; family.  It's completely within your power to live the life you deserve free from the shackles of alcohol...You said that you're having problems with the spirituality part of AA and that's fine. But don't let that stop you from using AA as a tool.  Take the parts that work for you and leave the rest behind.  There are tons of great resources out there and this subreddit is one of them.  Your challenge should you choose to accept it is to build a personalized recovery plan that works for you.  ..It's not easy to get to 8 days.  Congrats!
Wow that is an eventful week. Keep on plugging away the next few weeks will be 'interesting' to say the least. Keep that idea of the 'ghost of Xmas future' in your head and remember it when you are tempted...Keep up the good work!
first whole week in 3 years?  You're kicking ass man and you're showing how much you want this.  Getting sober isn't easy but nothing easy is rewarding and this is probably the most rewarding gift we can get.  :)..The spirituality thing will come with time it's very normal to not get it right away.  Just keep being humble open-minded and willing and it will come on it's own accord.  What did it for me was I was able to see it affect my life like in the real world.  Sounds weird but because I was trying to help myself the world decided to help me too that's really how I came to believe deep in my heart.  Not saying' that will be your experience but maybe...Stay gold Ponyboy! :D.. 
One week is a huge milestone.  At least it was for me.  Once I got through that I felt I could make it further...&gt;But I am also struggling with the "spirituality" of AA and still can't bring myself to find a "higher power" and I am still without a job ..Me too.  In fact I am completely uninterested in "finding a higher power" at all - I don't believe in god or that it's any more effective than alcohol in solving problems.  Nor do I go to AA...But it's been 70 days now.  And most of the time I feel pretty damn good.  I don't recommend my way of doing things for everyone.  However like you the praying and religious doctrine of the "steps" in AA really bothers me and I can't imagine that subjecting myself to something that goes against every fiber of my being would make me LESS likely to drink.  I was previously sober in AA for *eleven years* so it's not like I never gave it a chance.  A significant reason I went back to drinking was it had been hammered into my head that "AA is the only way" and I could not live with lying to myself and putting on a charade about "god" any longer.  ..I recommend to everyone that they give AA a good chance even if they are atheist like myself.  But if it doesn't work for you because you are revolted by the god/prayer/helpless-wretch-in-need-of-divine-intervention thing I'd rather see you look for another way (as I did) than continue to suffer from alcohol addiction...Check out the book linked in the sidebar.  It helped me immensely.  You also might try [clicking through](https://rational.org/index.php?id=35) some of the material on this website.  The presentation is a bit schlocky but the content really hit home with me.  Good luck.
Just take it easy. You're doing great. You have a sponsor that you're making progress with. This is amazing but rare among people just coming around to the program. Your family and friends seem like they're supporting you which will be a huge help and I'm sure a huge load off your shoulders. And you have a week which is huge for an alcoholic. It may not seem like a lot when you're in meetings with people that have a few years behind them but as you said... It took a lot for you to get to this point and it is certainly a good accomplishment. ..So just take it easy. Don't worry too much about the higher power yet. Don't stress yourself out too much about a job. It will come. Don't worry about the end-game scenario "old sad drunk". Just focus on today. Take it easy. Keep going to meetings keep talking to your sponsor and keep staying sober for today. All these other things will have their time and place. 
Congrats on making the first week getting a sponsor etc.  One day at a time and all that stay out of your own head when the anxiety kicks in.  Maybe try [Buspar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buspirone#Comparison_to_benzodiazepines) to help with the anxiety.  It's helped me a lot and isn't a Benzo...Also I'm an atheist and struggle with the higher stuff.  Check out the [Agnostic AA website](http://weagnostics.com/).  And also here's a [nice bit](http://csoaamaine.org/absi/bill276.htm) from "As Bill Sees It" on the issue...
Don't rush or push the spirituality aspect of the program. If it comes it comes. If it doesn't it doesn't. ..It no longer astounds me that some people are willing to help and forgive. Because as an alcoholic I see the bad things I did and label myself as BAD. But a lot of other people (muggles I call them...the non-alcoholics) don't think that someone doing bad things makes them bad. I know...weird right?..Hang on to these people who are standing next to you. 
