-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rzgsk/10_days_ago_a_thank_you/

10 days ago I posted for the first time on this subreddit- "I'm Sick and Tired of this Struggle". I was bitter and frustrated. I wasn't planning on quitting just then. I had the distant idea of quitting again soon in my head (as always) but I wasn't feeling ready. I thought I would get sour responses in return but "whatever"...Instead you responded with hope and encouragement and compassion. You helped me get to another headspace and I changed from feeling sorry for myself to thinking "Why am I doing this to myself? I already know the solution to this problem."..I wanted to say thank you. I really feel ready to quit forever. The idea doesn't scare me anymore and I'm excited about life and about being sober again. This subreddit also helps me dig down and feel emotional about the decision. You can probably relate- I have trouble feeling emotional about things...This past week has sucked I won't lie but I know it will pass and I'm not discouraged...I went to a party with friends last night and on the way I was feeling gloomy and just not wanting to go. But I kept saying to myself "even though I feel bad right now and like I don't want to see anyone what's going to happen is I will get there and discover I'm having fun without even meaning to." And that's exactly what happened. I had a great time and- I don't mean to brag- but I'm much better at Rock Band sober. XD
----------immediate responses--------

Thats great news!.You have made my day  :)
Awesome to hear this!  10 days was a huge achievement for me.  The earliest days are the hardest in my experience.  Congrats! 
You put a smile on my face.  I'm happy for you. :)
you'll have days you feel like drinking and days you feel like quitting forever. As long as the % you want to drink doesn't go over % you don't. Good luck.
XD indeed!  When I was ready to quit for good and all - I knew it.  I was willing to do whatever it took.  So it wasn't a big leap for me to come to AA get a sponsor who worked out of the Big Book and take the 12 steps thoroughly.  It's always a thrill to hear about people who are willing to do it!  Stay in touch with us!
Congratulations!  And good on you for having a good time without drinking!  Last year during my longest period of not drinking since 18 (lasted just a bit less than a month)  i found it very tough to have fun sober when going out  but i never had the mindset that you did (intending to have fun and not just bearing it out)! Keep going! 
Yay! You've made my day too. Thanks for sharing. I am glad to hear that you're ready for this. ..I'm not ready to quit for the rest of my life but I AM willing to stay sober today and do what I need to do to stay sober tomorrow...Hang in there friend. It gets awesome.
Nice! I think you'll find you're better at a lot of other things sober too. Go find out its the best part.
