-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s2frm/six_months/

I hope everyone is having a great sober day today. I've passed the 180 day mark and tomorrow will mark six calendar months since I last drank alcohol. While I still struggle with some of the consequences of my drinking I have made amazing personal progress toward a happy sober life. I hesitate to give advice on my methods for staying sober since ultimately it simply becomes a decision not to drink at all ever. Which is easier to say than it is to do. It's amazing how something so simple can be so difficult in practice. ..I haven't been very active here lately and I apologize for that  to anyone who may remember me. It would be hard to overstate how important r/stopdrinking was for me in the first months of my sobriety when I was feeling very helpless and isolated. I believe this sub can be a great way to reach out and start to find a way to a sober life. ..I had made a commitment to myself to post on my progress here at 1 day 1 week 1 month 2 months 3 months 6 months and 1 year. While it may seem like a small accomplishment I am proud that I have been able to keep that schedule so far. ..Thanks!!!..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
We're proud of you too!
Congratulations.  Has anything about sobriety surprised you in a positive way?  What have been your most difficult challenges?.
&gt; I hesitate to give advice on my methods for staying sober since ultimately it simply becomes a decision not to drink at all ever. ..That's it. Honestly for me that was it. When I first quit like everyone else I played the "I can drink if' or 'when I'm 60' or 'if I win the lottery'. But that is all bullshit. I cannot drink therefore I do not drink alcohol. Period...Congrats Chandler. Proud of you. Keep doing the right things.
That's amazing - half a year is a huge amount of time to go without drinking for a lot of us. I imagine you're starting to see some real benefits and more long-lasting positive change in yourself? Congrats and keep it up for the next six!
Congratulations ! How has your life and relationships changed over these 6 months? DO you find yourself not hanging out with certain friends that you did before? And if so do you still have people(old friends) that try to get you to go out with them for a drink? ..6 months is very inspirational ! Keep it up!
&gt;I hesitate to give advice on my methods for staying sober since ultimately it simply becomes a decision not to drink at all ever...A lot of people are going to read this line and think "Oh come on share a little bit of your method." Correct me if I'm wrong but I think that what those folks won't realize is that you've already shared the entire method right there. ..You have to want it. You have to make that decision for yourself &amp; stand by it. Not because you have to or because you know it's the "right" thing to do but because it's what you *want* to do. I don't know how to tell others to get themselves into that mindset. It's probably something we all need to find on our own...Congrats on your 6 months!  Looking forward to hearing from you again in October. :)
Yay I am so happy for you :) I remember when you first came here...So proud Chandler :).
CONGRATS!! Sober life really is better who'd a thunk it?  As I read your post I had this strange feeling that I knew you I guess because so many of our stories are the same.  I wish you the best!  
