-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s7ihr/im_pissed_and_i_really_want_a_drink_right_now/

I know you guys are probably getting sick of me bitching about my wife but she has got me so pissed right now. She came home with bags full of booze gave me a sly smile and said "Sorry I just need a couple drinks tonight.". I could handle watching her drink a couple of drinks but if she just needed a couple then why the hell did she buy enough to knock a rhino on his ass. Then I get "Why do you look so upset?" Why...Really I'm struggling to do something good for our lives and you just pretty much come home and kick me in the nuts every night. Thank god for this sub because without it I would be completely alone in this. I can't drive so it's not like I can get out of the house. What friends I do have all have their own families to take care of. Now she's passed out and I sit here alone with this mountain of booze it's almost like she's trying to set me up for failure. I could pour it out but there would be hell to pay tomorrow fuck it I may just do it anyway it's not like my situation would get any worse. I want a drink but I'm not going to give her the fucking satisfaction. Who the hell would of thought my wife is my trigger. I'm fine all day long she gets home and I feel the beast fire up in my head. I wish her holier than thou family knew that I'm trying my ass off to stay sober and their angel of a daughter is drinking herself to oblivion every night and to think they threw an intervention for me it should of been for both of us but I didn't say a word I just sat there and took it. Sorry had to vent thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

You are a strong man. I admire you very much...There is a saying that if you want something to die stop feeding it. With poor behavior that food is attention...I could be completely wrong about the rest of this but my sense is the less you react to what your wife is doing (horribly hard as that may be) the sooner she will stop seeing any point in doing it. Sooner could be days weeks months...but I do believe that it will still stop sooner than if she is being rewarded for her behavior by getting attention...No matter what you choose to do I wish you all the best and the strength to carry out what choices will be healthiest for you.
[deleted]
What do you do while you're at home? Have you thought about starting to workout? You could time your workout for when she gets home. Set up something in the basement or the garage. That way you would be out of the way and you'd be doing something to release any frustration or anger that you did have and her childish antics would just be completely brushed off...Don't give her attention or even let her think you care. In fact you should allow her to do what she wants to do entirely.  Stick to your conviction. Who knows why people do the things they do. She obviously isn't happy with herself...Stick it out. Just worry about yourself.
I don't know your previous posts but does she have an alcohol problem as well?  To me she sounds like one that's not trying to quit.  I only say this for a couple reasons:..* she said "I just **need** a couple drinks tonight".  I remember when I was a teenager and my mom caught me stealing some booze and I said something similar.  To me it was a pivotal moment in my psyche because a normal person may want it but I *needed* it...* As you pointed out she came home with a mountain of booze.  It's easy to look at this as a slight towards you but if she has a problem it probably isn't.  ..* it's not uncommon for two people with... poor drinking habits to hook up with each other...I could be totally in left-field so take my observation with a grain of salt.  I do commend you for your vigour such a situation cannot be easy to go through but you're making it!  That is THE most important point of this entire equation :)
Don't do it! Don't drink! You will only feel a sense failure and lets be honest havent we felt enough of that in our drinking days?..I'm going back to "attraction rather than promotion". When i started in recovery I was also angry and bitter at my boyfriend's highly excessive drinking. "Why was he so inconsiderate?". But I was expecting a sick person to think rationally. Did I think rationally in my drinking days? NO! I actually hated the fact that i could see all my "old" bad behaviors in him. I thought about everything for a while and how he saw me. He saw a person with alot of anger and frustration constantly nagging. Why would he want to come into recovery when this was the picture he saw... I wouldn't. I decided then to live and enjoy my life. I won't lie the relationship didn't work because at the end we were just too different (sick attracts sick and healthy attracts healthy). I do however now have people coming to me and asking why i glow and why i'm so happy and they become interested in recovery. Be an example of what good sobriety is like and people will want to know what your secret is. Anyway 5 days.....yay. Keep it up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I know this sounds drastic but I'm not sure that staying with her is the best idea right now. It sounds like she is going to just keep pushing you until you drink again. You are so new to sobriety the most ideal place would be a place without alcohol. Maybe you could call together the friends and family that did the intervention and tell them what she is doing. Not just to bitch but to say that you are having a hard time staying sober because she is shoving it down your throat. Ask them for advice and let them know how you are feeling. 
Remember H.A.L.T. - Don't get too Hungry Angry Lonely Tired. These are a few times people are often susceptible to relapse. If you can recognize you're feeling any of these things when you find yourself wanting to drink remember it's scumbag brain acting up again. For me I can also add Depressed to this list. Remembering HALT has helped me out of a few jams knowing that I need to adjust the way I react to these things rather than run to the bottle like I used to.
Man I would have been pissed too. But pissed drunk. I don't know if I could have stayed sober with a partner like that. I've talked before about wanting an enabler...thanks for giving me a totally different perspective on what this would have been like. I mean it fucking sucks. But your experience is helping others...You can stay sober. Get into exercise. Look good feel good. A couch to 5k will give you a goal and it's pretty attainable. ..I'd dump out the booze. But that's the resentful alcoholic in me talking. ..Also: she probably bought enough booze to kill a small village because she is an alcoholic. 
Call your local AA hotline or the contacts for your AA meetings and get a ride to meetings.
I can't imagine what this would've been like with drinking but I made several attempts to quit smoking with a full-time smoker in the house. I tried to make him smoke outside but he'd keep finding reasons to smoke inside and around me all the time (with a full pack of cigarettes just sitting there...)..I know you're not feeling at your toughest when you're doing something like this- quitting is damn hard and you need support right now not confrontation- but sometimes that's what you get. You have to tell her this is not okay. ..I kept telling my SO that he was making it too hard smoking around me and expressing my feelings. I never made it out to be him intentionally undermining me (even if he was I don't know) and I never made it about his own addiction or him needing to quit. I just said **I** am trying to quit and if you care about me you will help me and keep the temptation away from me. Go outside. Go somewhere else. I live here- I can't leave every time you light one up...It took time and a lot of reminders but eventually he made a choice. In his case that choice turned out to be quitting with me. But he could've smoked outside or in the guest room as I suggested. Set limitations something you can live with. Don't put up with this. This is one of the most important decisions of your life. You deserve support even if it's only in the form of compromise.
