-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s9xz3/_/

Throwaway because *normally* I contribute to r/stopdrinking under my normal natural account but this time I won't...I was 31 days ( a month ) officially sober before I relapsed. It wasn't even like a huge terrible thing I just gave in and had a drink or 2 with some friends (alright for an alcoholic its huge). But I felt fine...I stopped going to AA ive been working long days and I only drink on weekends ( if that ) with people. I don't feel that part is a problem. Today is a problem. Today is where I realized my problem is a BIG FUCKING problem. I was drinking last night as forementioned... with some friends. No hard stuff. Just a few beers watching movies-- good times. This morning I wake up still a little buzzed. First thing I do? 7-11 here I come and give me my Steel Reserve. My mom was in my house and I was getting drunk... she didn't even know it. I had managed to get drunk with my mom around by hiding my beer behind my bed. How pathetic...Real question here... I NEED to quit. I dont want to FULLY yet. How does this work? I always believed if you didn't want to do something it wasn't going to happen. I stil do. But this needs to stop. Wow... a month ago I would've known the answers to my questions now I feel like a loser. ..Note: AT FIRST I want to mention my mom made fun of AA she fucking yells at me when I do some dumb alcoholic thing and then asks me why I do/am what I am. She is a pretty nominal piece in this. She has gotten better... but still I hear it. All day every day. Sorry Ma your little girl is a drunk I have no other way to explain it OTHER THAN IM A FUCKING ALCOHOLIC. "But why? Just do this" I hear....
----------immediate responses--------

So you're using one anonymous username to hide your other anonymous username?  Are you concerned that you've let people down?  Is it embarrassment? Is it that you think people won't take you seriously in the future?  Whatever it is you don't have to worry about it.  We'll love you no matter what. :)..&gt; I always believed if you didn't want to do something it wasn't going to happen..Yep I believe that too. I believe that I've failed in the past because I wasn't fully committed.  This time around I am.  I don't know how to tell you to get there yourself other than read some of the books that people often suggest.  Many have helped me change my mindset.  You've kinda gotta brainwash yourself...Don't beat yourself up over the lost 31 days.  It takes most of us many false starts before we finally settle in to a lasting sobriety.  Just pick yourself up dust yourself off and start again. Whatever you do don't give up. You'll get there.  
[deleted]
It sounds to me like you want to hold onto the moderate drinking and let go of the "problem" days. I could tell you I am literally capable of moderating my drinking- if by that you mean I am physically capable of having 2-5 drinks and stopping. Sure- with a force of will and effort I can do it and have many times...It became a chore- a game I wasn't enjoying but forced myself to play for reasons like it's fun to have a few with your friends during a movie. But is it that much fun? This is my inner dialogue: *Can I get another? Has anyone else gone to get a second drink yet? Is my speech giving away my level of inebriation? What company am I in? How sloshed can I afford to get? How many shots can I do at the bar and still finish the six pack I take home without seeming out of control?*..My silent conniving and strategy to avoid social consequences (and thereby maintain my habit) manifested to myself and many others as a measure of control. But it wasn't an ability to stop; it was a method to continue...If you're like me you'll keep playing this game until you get utterly fed up. I'm tired of negotiating with my alcoholic brain- it's relentless and it never holds up its end of the bargain. Time to let it starve and die.
never quit - quitting.  relapse was part of my road into sobriety.  I just kept feeling shitty so I just kept trying.  The 24th of this month I'll have 13 years living without drugs and alcohol.  DO NOT GIVE UP!
It's OK to use your normal account name. Sometimes people with alcoholism relapse. You need to hold yourself accountable. Accountable does NOT mean hating yourself putting yourself down or feeling bad - It means acknowledging that it happened and finding out why. (I relapsed twice quite badly before I was able to stay sober this long.)..It is so easy to get into a funk and think "I already threw it away why stop now" but stopping now is what you NEED to do. No more drinking get yourself to a meeting. Come here if you need to talk.
Your mom knows everybody knows they will tell you when you sober up trust me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The other posters are right you don't need a throwaway I screwed up three times sense I've been coming here and everyone here has done nothing but help me. Also Steel Reserve is the worst shit ever no offense just saying. Hang in there you can do it.
Thanks for your post. It bares witness to the plain fact that alcoholics or my type simply cannot stay stopped on their own. Good luck to those that can but for everyone else you already know where to go. So go there and put some work into it. You won't change what you do until you start to change what you are doing ;-)
The best advice I can offer is to "fully quit" and replace it with something less harmful for now.  There is no situation that drinking can improve for an alcoholic.  And I know from experience that no matter how long you've been sober just having one here or there results in terrible things not much later...I can't relate to your parental situation but I recommend not discussing your drinking if it's only going to result in negativity.  Lie if you have to when you go to meetings to avoid fights.  Purge yourself of your negative feelings at meetings and carry on as normal at home.  Eventually not living together is going to be the best thing for you.  I don't know your mom at all but my assumption is that she has a drinking problem that she doesn't want to admit to and that's why she treats you negatively for admitting it.  ..My parents drink every night and their behavior rubbed off on me.  I lived with them briefly after college. When they saw me drinking a half gallon of whiskey every night and going off to work at 5:00am without missing a beat they knew I had a serious problem.  They were very happy when I told them I went to my first AA meeting and continue to encourage me to go.  If you think it would be beneficial be honest about what you did (hiding your beer) so your mom can understand how bad your problem is.  There is a small chance she would be more supportive of you getting help.  But I'll leave that up to you again I don't know your mom.
