-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sdgyd/dont_want_to_bore_everyone_with_a_long_story_but/

On Saturday night my brother and his lovely wife were returning from a vacation they unfortunately became very ill from and missed their flight connection due to airline problems.  They were exhausted sick and needed a ride about two hours home from the airport in the middle of the night.  I got in my car without hesitation and picked them up.  ..On the way back to their house I was pulled over.  72 in a 60 but I think the cop really just wanted to see if we'd been drinking.  Saturday was day 115.  My brother told the police officer the favor I was doing for them and how badly they just wanted to get home.  Everyone got home safe and sound no ticket. ..If this was any other Saturday night before 12/21/11 my brother and his wife would have been stranded at the airport or had to spend a ludicrous amount of money trying to get home.  Because I quit drinking I was able to do something selfless honest good and helpful and in my 30 years I can't recall ever doing something like that.  ..I thank God every day for my sobriety. You never know when you'll need it. ..edit: Man thanks for all this. Being sober is not easy I don't like it I don't wish this struggle on anyone. But once in a while you remember why.  
----------immediate responses--------

What a great story. What a terrific reflection. Wishing you many more fulfilling nights. 
[deleted]
Nice story!  It is one of the many benefits/comforts of being sober knowing that if I am ever needed I can be there...Slow down next time ;-)
That made me tear up a little. What a great story thanks for sharing it.
congrats sounds alot like my situation people can now rely on me and it feels great
Grats very nice of you; only true friends (or family that truly cares about you!) will pick you up from the airport!
BIG upvote! Thanks for sharing!
Awesome story - thanks for sharing that simple beautiful benefit. I'm hitting similar things and it's great!
What a great story. It's the simple things like that that make sobriety so much worth it. 
Being able to show up for family and friends who I left hanging/let down so many times when I was drinking is truly one of the greatest joys of sobriety...My sponsor says it's also part of my living amends to them. There is no single action I can take or phrase I can say to make up for all the things I did over the years before I got sober so my amends to certain people in my life is just living a sober life and showing up for them when they need me...That whole concept is foreign to a self-centered alcoholic like me - but it's worked so far and my relationship with my parents close friends and even my ex-wife is so much richer and better now than it ever was before that I can't honestly question these results...Good for you OP. And congrats on 118 days! God bless &amp; keep coming back.
Peace of mind when the blue lights roll - priceless...Doesn't it feel great to be selfless and useful again? I'm at my happiest when I focus on that part of being sober.
You are awesome. Great story. Keep it up. 
[deleted]
Very inspiring. I'm not where you are not even close. Thanks for the great story. It's the little things for sure...
My boss's fiance called me last Thursday night asking me to pick him up from the airport because she couldn't at the last minute. I was so glad I was sober and made a chunk of change for doing the favor. 
Great story and I am sure we all hope to hear more soon. Keep it up! :)
My friend is currently struggling with this subject right now... her baby daddy is an alcoholic and she has realized that he will NEVER be able to help in an emergency and she will always be depended on to drive anywhere after 3pm. He has had 8 DUIs. I'm just glad I will always be there for her if she needs help and I hope she realizes this really is a big deal.
I used to be a real dick. I kept my family at a distance and no one could tell me anything let alone ask me for a favor. I always said no to everything! I got 6 months now and my family almost can't believe the person I am today. .
Thanks for sharing. Getting to be the sibling you were meant to be is one of the many blessings. 
Good for you and thanks for the reminder!
That is really nice. Such an ordinary thing but it would have been impossible before. 
