-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sue5z/it_was_one_of_those_midsummer_sundays/

Hi guys. I'm trying to quit drinking again and have been lurking around on this subreddit for some time. It's only been three days and I'm feeling ok so far but I know that means nothing in the long run. I have been struggling with alcohol for a considerable amount of time and this is the first attempt at actually stopping rather than slowing down. It's so hard to wrap my mind around not ever having another drink. I am lucky to be alive and have been through inpatient treatments for both drinking and depression none of which have stuck. What makes this time different? I'm not sure. I'm supposed to get married in a little over a year and I cannot enter into that commitment in my current state (both my partner and I had alcoholic fathers). I just wanted to say hello and say that reading your stories advice and general conversations have been helpful in the past few days and I hope to make some connections through this subreddit to help me (and hopefully help some other people) along this journey. I know it will be a trying one. .
----------immediate responses--------

welcome swimmer. i have a hard time thinking about NEVER having another drink so i just tell myself lets make it for a week. then another one ect. i know im lucky to be alive with all the drunk driving im more fortunate i think that i didnt kill or harm a person before my sobriety.good luck hope to hear from you again
I like the one day at a time mantra.  Only once in the last month have I needed to take it an hour at a time but it worked.  ..Oddly happy times make me want to drink more than sad.  I found out I wasn't preggers and wanted to celebrate the lack of fetus.  That was the only super intense craving I have had and it was over within like 10 minutes.
&gt; It's so hard to wrap my mind around not ever having another drink...Once I accepted that I would never drink again it was like a millstone was taken from around my neck.  The cravings and temptation all but vanished and I could move forward with a welcoming acceptance of the changes in my life...Never mourn the death of an enemy. Alcohol is not my friend (never was) and was never beneficial to me... not once. Good riddance...Congratulations on your success so far and best wishes for its continuation.
Admitting to myself that I wanted to stop forever was the hardest thing I have ever done. It feels like such a huge overwhelming loss. I fought it for years...I think I was finally able to admit it when I got sick of fighting. I realized it was a battle I was never going to win. When I drink too much I hate myself. When I drink reasonable amounts I'm not satisfied. In short it's a drug that can never please me...I even found the me that could (sometimes) moderate and that me was perpetually unsatisfied. What a pointless war I waged for so long. This drug has nothing for me. I'm done with it.
