-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sytfz/withdrawal_symptoms_again_even_after_one_drink/

This is something that I've been searching around for but haven't found any straight answer. When I stopped I had some pretty bad withdrawal symptoms. I'm more paranoid about having withdrawals again more than I am worried about not being able to say no to a drink. I'm so paranoid about triggering withdrawals I won't even touch food that has been cooked with wine or liquor...What I want to ask you all is if you've had a relapse even if it's just one drink did your withdrawals play out all over again?..Thanks all for the great answers. Helps a ton.
----------immediate responses--------

Not to be flip about it but to me the question is like "is the result of standing in front of a one car train better than that of standing in front of a 100 car train?" I suspect that one drink likely won't cause you withdrawal trouble but why would you want to find out? For me that one drink would turn into ten or more and that would kind of defeat the point of avoiding withdrawals. I can say that my withdrawals got worse and worse as my drinking and quitting career went along. But I'd prefer to just not stand in front of the train - if you don't pick up a drink you can't get drunk.
Three days ago I had one drink with one shot of tequila in it. I had been sober for 65 days. Less than 2 hours after I had the drink I got a headache and started experiencing the usual withdrawal symptoms. I'm still having them 3 days later. Not fun. So much for that experiment. I guess I will never be able to be a social drinker.
The answer is no you most likely won't experience withdrawal from going on a one or two day binder. The problem is you probably aren't going to stop with a one or two day binder. Also you should know withdrawal gets worse each time with increasing risk of DTs seizures etc. Just don't...EDIT: I'll add that you can experience withdrawal like symptoms from a "hangover." Check out [holiday heart syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holiday_heart_syndrome). 
It really sounds like you're looking for en excuse to have "just one drink". That is you sound like you're looking for someone to tell you "*nah you'll be fine if you have one. no withdrawals after one. or maybe two or three even"* If this is the case then hopefully you can recognize this as your mind trying to alcoholically justify taking that first drink since you'll "be safe" from withdrawal after just one. But the alcoholic never stops at just one. ..It's good you're being safe about triggers involving alcohol and cooking. If staying away from foods like that is helping you keep doing it. If you did end up eating something that was cooked with alcohol (wine reduction sauce etc) you probably wouldn't end up with enough alcohol in your system to feel any effects let alone go through withdrawal from it. But be careful with this. It's crazy what an alcoholic's mind can do to justify a drink. If you decide to let yourself start cooking with alcohol and therefore have it around the house for that purpose I can imagine justifying a glass of wine with dinner isn't that far of a leap. *"Oh well if I'm cooking with it its already like I'm having some and I wouldn't want to let this wine go to waste.... so just one glass with dinner couldn't hurt."* So be careful with that if you think having it around "to cook" could be a trigger for you. ..As far as subsequent withdrawals go after quitting... It's already been stated here and I've been told this by multiple people (alcoholics and doctors/counselors alike): Each time you do experience withdrawal it gets progressively worse and progressively more dangerous. 
For me the craving is just as bad as the withdrawals. Which are sort of the same thing so Yes. 
I doubt you'd get withdrawal symptoms after one drink.  But let me tell you a moderately relevant story:..Are you familiar with the process of [kindling](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_%28substance_withdrawal%29)?  It's a process wherein once a user has withdrawn from a substance (particularly so with sedatives) each subsequent withdrawal will be worse.  Let me tell you about my experience with this and just how true it seems to me...The first time I went through alcohol withdrawal it was after two years of drinking 2 boxes of wine or a liter of whiskey a day.  Those withdrawals sucked; no seizures however and they only lasted about 4 days.  After that I was sober for 6 months...I started drinking again.  I was drinking the same amount a day but I only did this for about 4 days.  When I ended my relapse... the withdrawals were back.  This time I had 2 seizures the withdrawals were markedly more intense and they lasted about 8 days.  Even though the amount of time I drank this time around was drastically less than my first withdrawals the detox was far worse...Kindling is real-- if you already went through bad DTs I would **not** recommend doing it again.  I hope this helps somewhat.  Best of luck.  I'm rooting for ya.
