-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/te4e7/hello_my_story_and_some_questions/

Just stumbled upon this subreddit and I kinda feel like sharing and getting some knowledge from people who have been through this before...Anyways I guess I've had a problem with drinking for as long as I can remember (I'm 25) but it's hard for me to pinpoint when it went from drinking too much to being a problem.  There where times when I would drink in the morning to feel better and there were times when I would be anxious and not be able to sleep but usually a week or so off would fix any issues.  It got REALLY bad this past summer.  I would be drinking almost every night and when I wasn't the anxiousness would really creep up.  I'd wake up hungover somehow get through work and then start drinking again.  The summer was also when I went on my first REAL bender.  I drank for about a week from sunup to sundown.  Needless to say coming down from that was the scariest thing I've ever had to deal with.  I ended up in the hospital because I didn't know what else to do with myself.  After that I swore I would never drink again.  You all probably know where this is going on but yeah it took me about 3 or 4 more little incidences that ended up in hospital trips to get it in my head that I needed help.  Tried getting into rehab but it was too expensive and my parents insurance was being difficult.  I finally got into see an addiction doctor who prescribed me to two different medications (I was already on Prozac at this point).  Naltrexone and Neurontin.  The Naltrexone to deal with cravings and the Neurontin as some sort of mood stabilizer.  They seemed to help.  I haven't had a drink since January 27th of this year.  ..It's been 3 months and it's infinitely better than before but I still feel pretty run down unmotivated to do much of anything and occasionally sleep is a struggle due to anxiousness.  I realize this is normal but how long does it typically take to feel "better"?  ..If anyone has any questions or anything please feel free to ask!  Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

hi and thanks for sharing your story.  i don't think what you are presently going through is due to alcohol. prozac made me anxious and i felt better about a week after i stopped.  if anyone has a better answer for you i hope they will chime in.
What kind of program are you using to stay stopped?  Is the anxiety directly related to a desire to drink or just a general feeling of depression?  ..I am coming up on three months and feel this on occasion.  The positive changes in my life are building incrementally and slowly.  I find myself becoming impatient from time to time.  I think it's because I have spent half my life (I'm 40) using alcohol to make myself feel better.  Getting drunk is easy and instant.  Sobriety and peace of mind takes work and patience.  ..Stick with this get your meds worked out and  take the time to honor what you're doing and the gifts you are giving yourself every day that you wake up without a hangover.
Hey it's great to hear that you've been sober for over 3 months congrats!  ..I don't know anything about the medications you're taking so I can't say if what you're going through is because of those or not.  Other people here are taking some of the same stuff hopefully they'll come in and give you their insights...I deal with my anxiety by avoiding caffeine exercising and trying to make decisions immediately rather than putting them off. Meditation also helps. If you're interested check my history I submitted a link a while ago where I asked people to share their meditation tips.  Some good stuff in there.
