-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tjaso/one_month_fuck_yes/

Damn it feels good. It's been very hard on certain levels. Not drinking has been easy at least. I am pretty grateful for all that has happened in the past month...I've posted a few posts and I'm pretty tired at the moment but I want to quickly just summarize this past month...--..Thirty days ago I had just recently broken up with my boyfriend my school wasn't going too well and my financial situation wasn't in the best situation. I felt shitty about the breakup I wasn't super motivated at school and I had no summer job prospects. I decided to write a letter at 4am on April 12. It was to myself. I decided to stop drinking...Thirty days later I have a new job my school is finished and I passed all my courses. I dealt with the loss of my grandmother and was able to be so much help to my mom and my family in general. I would not have been able to do that had I been drinking. I would have been an emotional mess and wouldn't have been much help. I've even found a new guy who in retrospect is much better suited for me. He's involved much more than my previous relationship. We have real dates and are doing activities together. We do other things than just drink together...I've had some hard moments this month. The moments where I would normally feel like having a drink are still there however instead of feeling like having a drink I feel shitty. But I've been learning to deal with it. I go running biking whatever. I've also noticed I've been building much better relationships with everyone. I'm much more open and honest. I have made a few amends with people that I would otherwise have not made. I'm slowly turning my life around one day at a time. Things are looking up and starting to gain momentum...All the best to all of you struggling to make the first step. You're worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. You. Can.   :)
&gt;I've also noticed I've been building much better relationships with everyone...Tonight I went to a party and saw a couple friends I have not seen for months. They are a couple. The girl does not do any drinking/drugs (medical reasons) and the guy smokes/drinks/tokes. They were both happy to see me but the girl was really proud of my progress. It felt really good to tell her she was an inspiration even though she never drank in the first place sobriety is cool. The guy and I talked a bit but was noticeable we were more "drinking buddies" back in the day. 
Three cheers!
Way to go! I just hit my 30 also! It's taken me awhile to gather up a string of days but this time around has been a little easier. I think the most consecutive days I've had in the past few years was right at 4 months. I'm slowly making my way back! I've also been reading Allen Carr's East Way. ..Congratulations on the 30 days and also dealing with some major stuff and remaining sober. For me I like to drown my emotions in alcohol especially when I am upset or worried. Cheers to another month coming up!
I read this in the Team America World Police theme. .Which while a huge accomplishment really sealed the deal for me..Congrats on all of your bad-assery. 
It gets better lady. Just keep working towards your goals stay honest and open and willing...Edit: sorry for assuming you were female. I feel pretty dumb :)
Congrats!! 30 days is huge. Keep it going.
I had to learn (or re-learn ns) that it was indeed okay to feel shitty sometimes. Alcohol was a great and marvelous medicine for me for years...and when I got my feelings back it was uncomfortable sometimes. I got through (and continue to get through) using AAs steps. Sounds like you're doing well on your own right now and that's great! Congrats and All The Best Right Back at Ya!
&gt;All the best to all of you struggling to make the first step. You're worth it...True dat.  Congrats my man!
Congratulations!
Awesome! Congrats and thanks for sharing and showing folks it can be done and is worth it.
