-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tsew4/id_like_to_share_a_story_with_you_all_about_my/

My apologies for the rant I just hope this helps some of you gain some perspective in your journeys...My Dad is 60 years old and was brought up in a family of refugee Eastern Europeans in rural Australia. He had a rough childhood that I'm not going to get into detail of but it definitely left him lacking in some ways that I believe he filled with indulgence in things that some of us take for granted...He and I always sort of assumed we were from some sort of invincible genetic stock considering that his father passed away at age 90 after chain smoking and chronic alcoholism for longer than either of us knew. His mum chain smoked just as hard and ate all kinds of bad foods never acknowledging a proper diet and continues on healthy in mind (struggling a bit physically but what do you expect) at age 89...I know he started smoking when he was 10. When I was a child he smoked at least 2 packs a day and did so right up until he quit at age 46. He and I have had many candid talks about quitting and he said many times that he wished he could just have one more but knew it was only going to lead to another...His drinking flutuated in quantity. When I was a child he was drinking at least 2 bottles of wine daily more when there were guests. I had known him to go through five on his own and then move onto scotch. At that point anybody who was counting stopped...After his first cancer scare in 2004 (prostate) his drinking went down to 1.5-3 bottles nightly depending on his mood. He'd quit smoking at this time but his indulgence in drink and food didn't diminish. We all knew it was a problem but he was so stubborn there was no means of getting the message across that he should take this as a warning that maybe he should calm down.....His next scare was mid-late 2010 when he was diagnosed with esophygeal cancer. We were told that the likelyhood of people surviving past 5 years with this cancer was less than 5%. There's no doubt that this was directly caused by both the drinking and smoking as the acid reflux and smoke inhalation both would have contributed to the effects...But you'd be surprised at how well he recovered from it. After the chemotherapy (he didn't even lose one hair on his head!) and the removal of around half of each organ he has he recovered well. He was cycling again going fishing each weekend back to a half bottle or full bottle of wine a night. He couldn't eat as much as his stomach had been made to be about a third of the size it once was but he still managed to gain weight enough to bring him outside of the healthy weight guidelines...About two months ago so not even out of remission he recognised three moles on his body that had changed shape and size. One I am unsure of it's location (possibly my parents trying to save me from the story on that one) one underneath his right eye and one on the heel of his foot. It was melanoma; being in the Australian sun and having worked outdoors for his entire life this was hardly a surprising thing. What did surprise me was the vast distance and amount of them considering he had only been through chemo not a year before...When mum was running me through the good news of it all downplaying the gravity or not admitting it. Look I won't lie I'm pissed that I spoke my mind at this moment but I looked at her and said: "Mum you do realise how bad this is?" "What do you mean?" "Well he hasn't been out of chemo for a year yet any sort of skin cancer should have been destroyed by the sheer amount of chemo he went through. And the fact that they are so distant on his body implies that it's in his blood."..Mum looked really shaken but I don't like beating around the bush. We really did need to be prepared for the worst and any damn logic would have brought anybody to similar conclusions. I know some people like thinking on the bright side but this is a different matter. My father had spent 37 years of his life working on mines in South-East Asian sun smoking drinking and eating to his heart's content without any concern about healthy living...And that is the truth of it. Dad knew it too. You could see in his eyes that he was just as worried as I was. My mum was too concerned with spending as much time with her grand-daughter (my niece) than to notice the severity of the situation. But you can't get mad at her my dad hasn't been the nicest man and it's only because I know the trauma of his childhood that brings me anywhere close to forgiving him for the things he has done. But he has ruined my mother's life and I think it will take her a long time to get over it if she ever does...I always thought I was from some sort of amazing genetic stock on my dad's side. His parents and he seemed impenetrable to cancer. Sure they had their diseases and bad times but they all seemed to be capable of living for an eternity in spite of it...Today my dad was diagnosed with liver cancer and we will be given a time frame next week as to how long we can expect him to still be with us for. There's no doubt in my mind that his lifestyle lead to this result. It's probably the scariest prospect I have ever had to face. There's so much more to this than just his lifestyle there's finance prospects of losing everything on top of it. But what hurts the most is he spent his entire life compensating for his loneliness with indulgence working his arse off for the day he could retire and work on cars and go fishing until he died. And today he learned that what he has worked fucking hard for his whole life he will never have...**TD;LR Don't make the same mistakes my dad did.**.
----------immediate responses--------

That's tough. Sorry to hear that you're going through that. ..The sad thing is that scary stories like that rarely convince people to stop.   But they sure do help the people who have stopped see that they've made the right decision.  I think it strengthens everyone's resolve. ..Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing. I'm sorry for your pain...My dad recently died from lung cancer after beating his alcoholism in his 70's...But we had 3 sober years with him before he went...It's never too late to sober up.
I feel you on the wake up call. I watched my mother eat her way to misery and watched her entire side of the family struggle with weight issues strokes heart problems and more. It got me thinking about my weight and my health very early in life right when I hit puberty and my weight increased dramatically...She's still getting worse all the time and though I try not to I find myself mentally preparing for the day it does her in. Last time I visited my brothers all joked about how skinny I was and she said only half-joking "She's scared guys. Of this." And motioned to herself. I smiled and didn't comment but that's exactly what it is...Our parents can be apt teachers even when they're doing all the wrong things but it's heartbreaking to watch someone you love suffering in a state of their own device...My dad threw his future away too and it crushes me but the best thing we can do is learn from our parents' mistakes and build a future they could be proud of.
