-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uh38g/advice_for_someone_who_is_terrified_of_going_to/

Ok so it's not technically my first meeting. I've been struggling with this for years. But this is the first time I don't have a friend/family member that can come with me for my first time back. I'm sure a lot of you are thinking "what a baby!" But I'm so nervous about it that I've been putting it off for weeks (while still drinking). I feel horrible for sounding like I need my hand held to help myself but I guess that's how it is for the moment. Can anyone offer advice as to sucking it up and getting into a meeting? Stories of your first time going back?  ..Longtime /r/stopdrinking lurker second post already embarrassed. 
----------immediate responses--------

Fear is the thing that kills alcoholics. I was so crippled by fear that drinking was the only thing that helped and then of course it quit helping and hurt me instead. ..I remember my first meeting when this man asked me: "How can we help you?" I had no idea but I was just overwhelmed that someone wanted to help. People were so kind to me and that was almost harder to tolerate than if they'd been assholes...I don't know what to say that will make it any easier for you to get into that meeting but I know that it might save your life. And yeah I know that isn't necessarily something you want 100% I sure didn't. But I wanted it more than I wanted the misery I was in. That just had to stop and I had no idea how to make it stop. So I asked for help...It's okay to be scared by this. It really is. Please don't let the fear stop you from getting help. Everyone in AA is there for the same reason as you - to stop drinking a day at a time...Good luck. Let us know how it goes.
An AA meeting is one of the few places where raw emotion is understood...Fear guilt anger depression misery etc etc is the alcoholics stock in trade...Stand up to your fear - it can't hurt you and go to that meeting.
I'd rather have someone hold my hand than take a drink any day.
Perhaps the meeting is where you need to go to have your hand held. ..Prayer helps me to face things that I know I need to do but am afraid to do. It doesn't matter who or what your are praying to. Just the act of asking something other than my conscious self for help has been a lifesaver time and again.
I barely remember my first meeting. Apparently I was still pretty shaky (this would have been about 10 days sober) when I walked in. I sat in the back raised my hand when they asked if anyone was in their first meeting got my book and my phone numbers and beat it for the exit as quickly as I could. I did that again the next week. And the next. I'll tell you this about the experience: the first time in is the hard one and after that it's really very easy. These are people who know your addiction and who have been in your shoes. There's love compassion and wisdom there and you'd be a fool to miss a shot at it.
walk in go up to the first person you see in the room and tell them you are scared to be there. 99.99999% chance they will take care of you and surround you with good mojo...trust the process.
i was scared and nervous the first time i walked into a meeting. what i never expected was to be around a bunch of people who were totaly understanding and accepting of me and my "problem". whats the worse thing that can happen? who knows maybe you'll hear your story coming out of someone elses mouth. good luck and let us know how it goes
The very first meeting I ever went to I hid in the bushes out front for 10-15 minutes. Full on crouched down in the shrubbery hiding from motherfuckers peeping through the branches. I was scared shitless and so far out of my comfort zone I didnt know if I'd ever make it back. I guess somehow I figured that going inside couldn't be anywhere near as bad as some of the terrible/embarrassing shit I did while drinking. I got up walked in looked at the ground and sat my ass down. Three years later I am eternally grateful that I didnt turn around and go back to my truck. The only thing's keeping you from going in are fear pride and ego. Would you rather be uncomfortable for an hour or die? Good luck I promise you it's worth it.
Lots of people have offered good thoughts on your question...I would add that just about everyone in an AA meeting will understand if you feel nervous to be there at first and if you want to come right out and say that you can.  You can also just listen for your first meetings...Another thing you can do to sort of ease in to the meeting is to show up a bit early and you'll almost always find a few people... two or three or six or eight depending on the meeting... standing outside the meeting place smoking... or inside the room just having casual conversation.  You can just show up and say "How's it going?" or "What up?" and let others take it from there.  Typically you're not expected to be the center of things or to do anything except listen.  And in case it helps most times no one will really know... unless it comes up.. whether you used to go to that meeting a year ago or if this is your first meeting ever.  And 99% of the time if people focus on you at all it will be to try to be helpful...If all else fails... imagine everyone else is sitting there in their underwear?!
[deleted]
The thing is... you gotta remember who you are dealing with at AA meetings. ..These are highly judgemental people who have no idea what you are talking about. They aren't interested don't care and all wish you would just leave already. ..Many times a new person is even followed to the parking lot and attacked even before they can get to the safety of a car. I'm ashamed to admit that I've participated in that and I've punched a new guy in the back of the head during a meting and cussed some old woman out because she wanted a hug for being sober. Fuck her...At AA.... we may even burn down your damn house...Actually get there ten minutes early get your coffee and snacks and find a safe side or corner. Wear a hat pulled down a bit. Just relax. If they are reading and it comes to you just say "pass thank you" and nobody cares. ..Or just walk in all friendly and shit and be like "Hi! My name is..." and see what happens. ..If you are anywhere near me I'll go with you. Either or it will be much better than you expect. And much better than the worry you are putting into it just go... especially when you dont want to. The people are there in those rooms *waiting* for you. They want to help you and help themselves by helping you...(some AA groups are certainly better than others)
