-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uhx1w/day_4_aa_meeting/

A good day indeed.  Not enough sleep last night as I woke up early but I'm managing alright...I went to the AA meeting this afternoon.  A very good experience all in all except I was overwhelmed by how many people were there.  A LOT!  And all of them have been through the same thing in different life situations but all have felt the death-grip of alcohol and everything that came out of their mouths I could relate to.  Some of these people have been through much worse than I have though.  Children dying of alcoholism ahead of them children being taken AWAY because these people couldn't manage their lives.  I'll go back again tomorrow it's inspiring humbling and frightening to hear how bad it can really get.  I am reminded again today that I cannot do this on my own I need support.  When you have people to support you and people to REPORT to this makes it so much harder to relapse I would think...After the meeting I ran some errands.  Man I forgot how productive you are when you're sober.  The amount of tasks I have completed in the last 4 days have outweighed a month of tasks when I was drunk/hungover hands down.  It's so nice to be out there in the world as well with the living folks out in the sun enjoying life and loving all the silly shit like buying new pillows and a shoe-rack...Oh!  And I had an eye-exam today I did it on a whim as my left eye has been feeling 'odd' lately.  Turns out I need reading glasses!  Do you think I would have sorted this out when I was hungover?  Nah.  Because I would have just thought I was bleary-eyed from drinking!..:)  Roll on sobriety....
----------immediate responses--------

So glad to hear you had a good experience!  Congrats on taking steps towards changing your life for the better!
Such a great account. Keep these up..."It's so nice to be out there in the world as well with the living folks out in the sun enjoying life and loving all the silly shit like buying new pillows and a shoe-rack."..This a thousand times for me.
&gt; Man I forgot how productive you are when you're sober. The amount of tasks I have completed in the last 4 days have outweighed a month of tasks when I was drunk/hungover hands down. ..I swear I've lived five lives compared to drinkers.
