-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ulaxd/ive_had_it_im_done/

I'm a long time Redditor lurker of this sub and I just created this account for recovery. I'm 29 years old I'll be 30 in a few weeks and I've got to kick the alcohol   if not I'm either GOING to kill myself/someone else or end up in jail the rest of my life there's no doubt about it. ..I was raised in a stable home with a loving family. My parents are still married to this day. I'm currently single but I so deeply yearn to have a family I can call my own one day...My first time drinking oddly enough was in Boy Scouts at the age of 13. Don't get the wrong impression about Boy Scouts I'm an Eagle Scout and It's a wonderful program   just some kids being dumb/curious I suppose myself included. Me and a fellow scout mixed Gin and 7up I blacked out and pissed all over myself the very first time. Not much has changed since then...I went to the same elementary middle and high school my whole life so I never really had to put myself out there or flex my social skills beyond my comfort level (because I was always surrounded by people I had practically known my whole life). I was the funny guy always pushing the envelope but I never got into trouble (ie. never combative suspended fighting etc). In high school I guess it was my sophomore year I started drinking quite a bit. This is at that age where you start to venture out and go to high school parties. This often entailed parties from other high schools where I felt standoff-ish and quiet I was confused and soon discovered I was infact an introvert contrary to what people/I had thought. The alcohol gave me the courage to be my  regular self  again. ..Around the same time I met my first love. We dated all through high school and a bit after (~3.5 years). My partying ended the relationship. At first I acted tough and went with the flow but nearly a year later I broke down talking to my mom and realized that I had seriously screwed up. If not for my drinking I'm almost positive we'd be married today. It's odd but I still dream about what could've been every few weeks...People say as an outsider it's like watching Jekyll and Hyde when I drink x10. I'm the kindest person and would do anything for you but once I cross that threshold I go into an emotional coma if you will and don't have a care in the world...Anyhow this is long enough as it is and I'll leave with this. I assure you I'm not one to embellish I just make terrible terrible decisions when drinking. Over the course of ~13 years now I've been to jail well over 10 times (my first was when I was 16 found passed out in a cul de sac) for various offenses like public intoxication's simple possessions DUI's etc. I've been to rehab once and multiple AA meetings/groups (though I don't think I've ever found the  right  AA group per se). Lost 3 VERY good girlfriends. I can't begin to count other friends I've lost people or acquaintances I've embarrassed/hurt or bridges I've burned. In the last year I've lost 2 VERY good jobs because of alcohol (I WAS a functioning alcoholic). A couple weeks ago I was charged with my 3rd DUI (I wasn't driving and was passed out in my vehicle but still). I'm now wearing an alcohol monitor around my ankle until I go back to court (If I drink I go straight to jail). I've been sober for 2 weeks now but today   I've got the shakes/sweats I'm emotional irritable etc ... I need a drink   I need an outlet   I guess that's why I'm writing this in the first place. I was once clean for almost 2 years from ~23-25 but thought I could handle the disease and relapsed...Tl;DR I love life I want mine back. I'm done I can't go back.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
This is the subreddit where you are gambling with your life at stake...The only way to win is to do what it says on the tin...Sobriety MUST be your number 1 priority at ALL times...I wish you the strength and wisdom to achieve your goals.
Have you looked into Allen Carr's Easy Way to Control Alcohol? There's a link to it in the sidebar over there ----&gt;..I ask because it has worked for me. I took that test over there in the sidebar and I scored a 23 so I definitely needed help. 
Desperation and willingness can turn today's AA meeting into something completely different then past ones.  It did for me...You may be ready to surrender to the program of action AA offers.  You don't need the right group to work the AA program and sober up.  You simply need the instructions and to follow them correctly.  That's what the big book and 12x12 are for.  A sponsor could certainly bring more to the table as would meeting attendance.  ..The question is how desperate are you to stay sober?   To what lengths are you willing to go to to change you life?
You might want to keep checking out a few AA meetings until you find some that feel right to you.  You might want to keep going to some even if they don't feel right at first...Sometimes meetings are uncomfortable especially at first.  And a lot of us are irritable when we arrive to our first few meetings... it's just part of those first days/weeks...But at least you wouldn't be so alone in recovery!..You can also show up here at /r/stopdrinking as much as you want.  There's a lot of great support here...You didn't mention what aspect(s) of meetings didn't feel right to you but if you want to say what was going on some of us here might be able to offer solutions.  I have mixed feelings about parts of AA and go mostly to agnostic meetings these days but there are many ways to participate and recovery within AA including some "specialized" meetings such as men's meetings or young people's meetings that some people find helpful...Oh I don't know if it will make any difference to you but the "Jekyll and Hyde" thing you mentioned is very common in people who've been drinking long enough and hard enough (like I did)... in fact it's even mentioned in AA's "Big Book" on page 299!..A whole lot of us are really decent people... unless we start drinking.
