-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/up7my/had_a_real_bad_relapse_please_take_away_my_flair/

Idk how it came to this the shitty part is I felt really good about not drinking after about 12 days (didnt have the nerve to come back here sooner) I went on an all out bender.....I have been drinking more now then ever before 15 in a day no problem oh shit its the weekend let me pick up 48 beers that might leave me 4 for sunday. Feel like shit cant sleep (7 hours in the last 2 days)..Oh and I called a friend about it one who was going to help my with quitting so I spill my guts to him basically crying on the phone about how bad I feel about it and how much I want to quit go to bring up the private conversation we had before about both of us getting sober (he does coke and wants to quit) suddenly the phone gets hung up.. ..Turns out 3 of our mutual friends are there and I've been on speaker phone the whole time. Ya turns out I am a big pussy who can't handle my liquor I should just stop being a bitch and drink with the boys. ..That was this past weekend found the number for my local AA group to be honest I am scared about going there and I think its because I cant imagine a life without alcohol. I know that is is responsible for almost all that is wrong with my life but for some reason its like. "hey pick up a case of beer everything will be alright" or "you have been doing so well that deserves a case of beer"...I just dont fucking know anymore...Edit -  Take off my day counter I hope  to get it racked up soon...Edit - sent a msg to the mods about resetting my badge 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think that your friends are indeed friends. Friends don't want their friends to slowly kill themselves. Go to an AA meeting there is absolutely nothing to be scared of. If you don't like it you can leave. 
Thanks for coming back!  ..It is hard to imagine a life without alcohol while you're still drinking.  Don't drink today reevaluate in the morning and develop a plan of action.  You can do this!..If you want help finding an AA meeting or have any questions about attending one just ask I have a hunch that someone here can help you out!
I always thought that all I had to do was pull up my boot straps and drink like a gentleman. My friends who are normal drinkers said the same thing. But I was unable to do that time and time again I would try to quit on my own but would get miserable and inevitably drink. It wasn't until I sat down with a group of alcoholics that I found out that I was alcoholic and that there is a solution to living sober and happy without a craving for alcohol....You don't have to worry about not drinking forever just take it one day at a time. Go to a meeting and read the big book and you can decide for yourself what you want. There is not one part in the book that says "don't drink". But it does offer a solution 
Alcohol was the love of my life but it betrayed me. What seemed to help hurt me physically emotionally financially every which way. Your post reminds me. ..One day one hour ten minutes at a time makes it possible to grab ahold again...Did you have WD symptoms before? Your level of consumption may need medical detox. Shakes sweats mean trouble. Alcohol WD can cause brain damage even death. AA is a safe place. They understand. ..I'm sorry about the embarrassing situation with the phone. These guys are not safe for you because of their use and attitude. 
You're going to hear this a lot but just focus on today. Just today. Go to a meeting instead of drinking. Scared? We all were at some point. It goes away after a bit. Soon meetings get more comfortable. You meet people. You start talking. Hell maybe you'll make some friends. Don't feel like going to a meeting? Go to one anyway. That's when you need it most. But just focus on today. It gets better.
&gt;That was this past weekend found the number for my local AA group to be honest I am scared about going there and I think its because I cant imagine a life without alcohol..I've gotta tell ya that's probably the best reason I've ever heard *for* going to AA.  AA should start using that as their slogan. "Can't imagine a life without alcohol?  Drop by we'll show you what it looks like."
[deleted]
Lots of people have offered good information already but I want to add that none of this has to do with being a "pussy" or being tough etc...If you like me can't drink in moderation then you have a disease that lots of people have... roughly 15% of the population.  There's support and more knowledge (among some) about all of this...Also in reality my experience is that we are NOT people who "can't handle our liquor"... in fact over time we develop a tolerance and can handle more than most people... at least until it's obvious that it's hurting/killing us and we realize we must stop.  And stopping without some type of support is impossible for many if not all of us...I got sober in AA and I still go even though I don't care for the "God stuff"... I have my own idea of a higher power and I go mostly to agnostic meetings that I'm lucky to have in my area...I just want to add that these acquaintances (friends??) of yours might mostly be misinformed about how alcohol affects different people differently.  If you had diabetes I don't think they'd use it to play cruel tricks on you.  The charitable viewpoint is they simply didn't understand what they were doing although personally I wouldn't be quite that charitable.  In time... in five minutes or five years... you might decide that many or all of them are not your friends.
What a bunch of douchebags. You are pouring your heart out about a serious matter and they laugh? Fuck those guys. I feel like punching them in their powdered noses. ..Seriously for your own good - do not go to junkies for comfort when you want to quit any habit. They will _not_ be supportive because they are not compassionate.
