-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uu9de/day_45_and_the_pink_cloud_is_gone/

I am on Day 45 and watched a doc last night that said this is the most likely time for somebody to relapse. I am being a bit dramatic as I was a social binge drinking weekend warrior type but I definitely am getting a taste of beating an addiction...It is harrowing to discover that all of my life problems weren't solved by getting dry...The hardest part is the social pressure to drink. My friends basically think I don't have a life but I know its because I am starting to appreciate different things such as practicing my talents. Being able to run Sunday mornings totally trumps going out and having a repetitive clubbing night with a much regretted hangover the next day...The second hardest part is probably the mood swings. Oh lord the mood swings. One moment I am extremely happy and feeling great while the next I am utterly depressed and lethargic. I am finding it hard to concentrate. This could be unrelated to alcohol as I am dealing with my sister's suicide but I definitely feel alcohol is a catalyst...The third hardest part has been my sober hangovers. Every Saturday and Sunday morning I wake up feeling exhausted with a headache even though I didn't drink. I was not expecting that I thought I would just automatically feel better...Overall I truly think this entire process has changed my attitude towards the drink (which I now see as a drug). That "feel good" feeling of numbing your mind is now synonymous with being lobotomized. A crazier part of me thinks that alcohol is one big conspiracy to make us common folk more complacent...I see drinking as impediment to my future health - both mental and physical - and career goals. I realize more than ever that I am a much more fun confident and productive person without it.  ..I got dragged to a bar I used to bartend at with a group of friends when they spontaneously switched plans. I felt alienated verging on feeling superior as I looked around and thought people were so foolish and boring: the people I used to work with gained weight got older and seemed more tired in just two years. I didn't like feeling this way and couldn't relax despite being the life of the party as everyone else acted like zombies. ..I am sort of fearing not being able to scope out situations that are potentially difficult and uncomfortable. What if I go to a family gathering and they bust out the alcohol as usual? Ultimately I make the decisions but its this sort of pressure and loneliness that got me here in the first place. ..I have combatted smoking but that was a whole different animal. For me smoking was a physical addiction and alcohol is a social problem. Now that I am quitting its similar to cigs in that its fucking everywhere. I long for the day when I just won't notice alcohol even being a problem or a facet in my life...Oh well time to watch a movie my new way of spending my Saturday nights.
----------immediate responses--------

Who cares if the "Pink Cloud" fades you've come a long long way!  Congrats!..I know what you mean about the mood swings.  For me they got fewer &amp; farther between as time went on.  I still get them now but they're not as severe as they were in month 2. Keep doin' what you've been doing it's working.
Not having anything to do is definitely my number one problem as a nondrinker.  I've always been a night person and I live in a bigger city where there are lots (and lots (and lots)) of places to go drink.  It seems like it's all anybody ever does!  It was my only social outlet and now that I don't have it it's extremely frustrating...There are alternatives like sitting around with all the guys staring at their computer screens at the cafes.  Or going to a restaurant and having a nice meal (and wishing I could have a glass of wine with it.)  Really though those things don't come anywhere near replacing going out to the pub and talking to people.  Then there are the friends that I can't hang out with anymore because everybody is always drinking.  Oh and the activities that people do and then pop out for a drink afterward.  And the work get-togethers at the bar where everybody has a couple/few drinks...I'm at about day 50 myself and the pink cloud is definitely fading away.  I came real close to just saying "Fuck it." and going out for a drink tonight.  It doesn't help that my (ex)girlfriend still sits around and drinks a bottle of wine every time she gets the chance either.  Moving away from her as soon as our lease is up and then I'm sure it will be even harder.  Single in the city and not able to drink is not something I'm looking forward to navigating...What do you guys do about this stuff?  The devil on my shoulder is becoming more and more convincing.
When the pink cloud lifted after 30 days in rehab I began to read novels about over coming a tragedy for example Count of Monte Cristo. I also started listening to music dealing with our issue like Lynyrd Skynryds That Smell. Triumphs 'Fight the Good Fight' Johnny Cash's 'Aint no Grave' and Social Distortion's 'I was Wrong' are just a few songs I used to have on constant loop. I memorized these lyrics so I could hear them in my head when I needed to hear the song. Another bit of advice is find what makes you happy. I started watching WWE while I was in rehab and in early recovery because I loved it as a kid. I didn't care if anyone made fun of me or not it is what I needed at the time. If you liked building legos or whatever who gives a shit if someone makes fun of it because it is helping you stay sober for another day. I have been sober since 9.10.11 and this is what has helped keep be sober. I hope it helps you out. Good luck and keep getting back up...Doug
