-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uugwy/a_double_success_story_sort_of/

Hi there fellow alcoholics ! Come here and listen to the story of how I drank and how I quit...I am a forty years old software engineer with a college degree. My life has been ripe with ups and downs mostly downs over the last ten years. Bachelor no kids...I was born and raised in a wine producing region so drinking wine has always been part of my social and cultural norm though excess never was...Excess became the norm when I was in college. A whole way of life indeed. It became less of a norm once I stepped into the real world and got a job but getting trashed at least once a week was still a cool and normal thing to do. Then I found out that a beer or two after work was a nice way to relax also a glass of wine with dinner. Also lunch sometimes...Then unemployement and too much time on my hands and the leisure to sleep late any day. The perfect avenue for beers and glasses of wine to breed and multiply...Then back on the job and to more sensible drinking then fired again rince repeat a couple of times over the years. Factor in long time chronic depression and multiple sclerosis. Cue a bad romance...The psychiatist I was seeing kept saying that I should address the alcohol problem and refered me to an alcoholism specialist. Which told me the only way out was to completely quit drinking. I said thanks but no thanks I'm a big boy I can enjoy a drink or two and [keep it under control](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/utfy7/has_anyone_been_successful_in_cutting/). I realized over the course of one year that I actually had no control whatsoever. By the way my last being fired was somehow related to my calling in sick once again due to a premium hangover. Not to mention my being habitually late or underperforming as a result of reccurent low-key hangovers...Last winter I figured I would drink my remaining money away and then solve all my problems at once by ending my life. I met a fellow barfly who soon became a real friend. Together we spent countless hours drinking like gentlemen one glass at a time from noon till closing time. Let's call this guy Bob. An airline pilot on a long term sick leave for unrelated health concerns he was distressed seeing his carrer in aviation coming to an end. Bob was a real alcoholic with morning shivers until the first morning glasses of whisky. He knew it. He had been in rehab before came out dry and clean then relapsed. His grown-up daughter was threatening never to see him again if he did'nt quit and *he was seriously contemplating this as an acceptable option*. He was also considering going back to rehab but was geniunely frightened to do so. He nevertheless met a doctor several times and eventually made arrangements with the rehab center for a planned stay...Meanwhile my familly found out I was running out of money and that I had no plan whatsoever to move on with my life but they still had no clue about my alcohol problem nor my suicide plans. I am not very close to my familly and asking for help was just not on my mind. Well they stepped in and did a wonderful job supporting me financially and emotionally...The night before Bod left for the rehab center he and me had one last big night on the town. It was vey emotional as neither of us really knew what would become of our lives nor if we would even meet again. Needless to say we ended wasted as a textbook case...The next two days I was sick as hell from gastroenteritis and did not swallow a thing. I figured that if I wanted to stay close to my friend I had to stop drinking too so that's just what I did cold turkey after 20 years of beating around the bush. I had no problem at all no shivering no craving. I figure I was not addicted at the chemical or neurophysiological level just a nasty habit and a huge control problem that were ruining my life nonetheless...A somewhat akward week ensued where I missed the bars athmosphere the comradship with fellow drinkers and the comfortably numb stupor. I made a few quick stints in my usual drinking holes for a quick cup of coffee or a glass of orange juice and found out that trying to keep a conversation with a drunk while you're sober is just another motivation to keep away from alcohol...Fast forward three months. Bob came out of rehab sober. I am sober. We are still close friends. Now instead of drinking we play chess for hours on end. We disclosed our new not-drinking-at-all policy to our usual barkeeps who turned out surprisingly supportive. Bob and I talk a lot about all this. It's like we are a two-men support group...One thing really surprised me. I used to be unable to go to bed until late at night sometimes til dawn and getting up early was excruciating. I always felt despairingly tired. Now come midnight I just *have to* go to bed and wake up at six feeling great no alarm clock needed...Oh and I just begun a new well paying super interesting job....--  .[edited for clarity privacy and grammar]
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome it sounds like you've really turned a corner - congratulations! If it's not too nosy can I ask what you plan to do long term to maintain your sobriety and how that stacks up with Bob's plans?
Great news.  How long has it been?
Thanks for sharing that.  Congrats on quitting and on the new job!
It sounds like your life has become perfect.  Getting sober improved my life drastically but it is far from the ideal you have described!
Congratulations  I enjoyed your story.  Glad things are looking up!
