-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uvc8y/sober_for_a_month_relapsed_and_tried_suicide/

After an overdose and subsequent release from the ICU and then a brief stay at a mental health facility I gave up my drinking. It was reaching a point of almost polishing off a fifth of Jameson (drink of choice) every two days along with a few beers and some other mixed drinks as well. I did this almost every night ritualistically for close to 7 months. The heavy drinking cause me to become very suicidal. Increasing thoughts of it more so than what I normally went through. So as I stated in my headline I relapsed the other night and ended up so drunk and miserable all I  fathom doing was not waking up...Somehow in a brief moment of clarity I found the strength to phone a friend for help and long story short ended up on 24 hour watch at the local university EPS ward. Upon staying and being evaluated by three clinicians I was deemed an alcoholic. I kinda thought I had a problem after my overdose (which was on purpose) but neglected substance abuse counseling. Now though I am going tomorrow to try and get into either an outpatient or inpatient substance abuse program. I couldn't today though because they didn't have business hours...Why I'm writing this is because I'm scared as shit. The thought of admitting this to others and the rest of my family and friends is intimidating. I don't want to go away again because it makes me feel so lonely most of the time. But I know that now I have to do something. It's getting worse. The cravings and need for a drink are getting unbearable. It's a constant thought and worry. I need the help but I'm scared to get it...I guess what I'm wondering is does anyone or has anyone else felt the same apprehension about joining AA or a substance abuse program? What did you do? And what helped you?
----------immediate responses--------

You are going to receive the professional help that you need and deserve. It is a blessing! I avoided treatment too but when I finally got to inpatient it was a relief. Please go to inpatient if you can. It's a "time-out" to focus. Don't pass up the opportunity. Your life depends on it. ...You have a deadly disease. You don't have to admit anything. People who love you already know. You may feel bad about some of the things you did when drinking but don't be ashamed of having a disease. You never intended for this to happen. No one does. ...There are things I don't like about AA but it saved my life.  You will realize you are not alone people get well and there is hope. AA offers support and practical coping skills. You don't have to like everything about it but try to have an open mind and just listen. The comfort of sitting in a room with people who understand is hard to put into words. ...When I was a kid my dad did some crazy weird stuff. Frankly when I found out he was an alcoholic it was kind of a relief because then everything made sense. Alcoholism tends to be genetic and much to my dismay it happened to me too. My dad went to AA for many years and died sober. I've been sober a few days myself. ...It will be interesting to hear from you in the near future. I know you're scared but you are moving toward life instead of away from it.  
Hey dude!  Fellow suicidal alcoholic well not suicidal for the past 37 days but I've been where you are.  It sucks but it was the wake up call that I needed to change my life.  ..I've told this story on here quite a few times but it is probably something you can really relate to and is kind of funny.  So on May 3rd I went to an AA meeting came home opened a bottle of wine and proceeded to get drunk make other bad decisions and continue drinking until about noon the next day.  Around noon I had a WTF moment of clarity.  I was standing on my balcony ready to jump head first to kill myself.  Funny thing is I was afraid I'd just be paralyzed so I had put a glass of wine in the grass so that I could still drink if I survived the jump.  Normal people just kill themselves without taking precautions to have a drink ready in case it doesn't work.  Ha.  Stupid alcoholic brain...Life has been far from perfect in the last 37 days but it has been a hell of a lot better than while I was drinking.  ..I too had apprehension about AA because I wasn't religious.  I am still agnostic and fucking love AA.  It is worth an open-minded shot!  
Pull out all the stops my friend.  You cannot afford to be apprehensive about anything except taking another drink.  Have you got healthcare or a medical assistance through work?  I'd say you'd want to couple up counselling and AA as well as perhaps taking some anti-depressants or anti-craving meds.  I am NO PROFESSIONAL nor am I a doctor.  I just know what worked for me...I am taking Naltrexone to curb cravings.  I took a sleeping tablet for the first seven nights of sobriety (am on day 12 now and am off the sleeping tabs) so I could sleep and stave off depression and exhaustion.  I went straight to AA and I now have a sponsor.  I think AA is the most important part of my recovery.  Sure I don't believe in God and I think some of it is a tad excessive but you know what?  I don't care.  Because these people are helping me they're there they're available by phone and they know EXACTLY what you and I are going through...Go see your doctor and see if you can get some meds to help during the withdrawal and then get your butt to AA right away.  Don't worry about any of the AA doctrines just now.  Just get to a meeting and find your people. They'll be there for you and you won't feel so alone in this. .
i think just about everyone is scared when at the point you are at now (i was).   the mere thought of living without booze was terrifying.  going to AA was almost as scary...10 months and one relapse later (relapsed on pills for a day six months into sobriety) i feel so happy free and grateful for choosing sobriety that it's hard to describe.  i..if you have the desire to be sober and are willing to do whatever it takes you can definitely find a life you are very happy living.  it's hard in the beginning but a great life is waiting for you if you can be patient enough to get through the beginning stages...my advice if you want it is to join AA go to 90 meetings in 90 days get a big book and a sponsor to bring you through the 12 steps.  if after 90 days you think you wasted your time re-evaluate then...You may have just made the very first step towards a happier and fulfilling life...I sincerely wish you the best of luck and would be very happy to speak with you off line if you'd like.  PM me for contact details anytime...
I knew that feeling all too well. The depression the apprehension all of it. My first night morning I woke up in detox and told myself that if things weren't better the next morning I was ending it all. Luckily things were just the slightest bit better and I am here and sober over 9 years later...Treatment was the scariest thing I have ever been through. After I couple of days I told myself I was just going to do whatever was recommended. I had spent long enough fighting. For the first time I was willing to change. Try to find that willingness. There will be people you don't like and things you don't like to hear. Well too bad. Life is full of such things. Just listen remain open-minded willing and amazing things will happen. ..PS - And don't get hung up on the God thing. I am borderline atheist and have managed to use AA to find quite a bit of sanity and happiness.
I relapsed attempted suicide survived and was recommended to go to an inpatient clinic. Best thing I ever did. My advice: stay as long as you have to and go to as many classes as you can. Good luck...I was apprehensive as hell about going for over 5 years but it was amazing and I only took good things away from the experience.
Look into The Sinclair Method with Naltrexone. 
