-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uw5ms/i_went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_last_night/

The picture in my head was a bunch of bums looking for free coffee and donuts.  Completely wrong. It was so much different than what I expected.  I saw people from all walks of life.  There were other professionals students moms daughters and I couldn't believe the number of people that were in their early twenties.  I didn't talk I just listened.  I heard "my story" over and over.  It felt nice to know that people struggle the same way that I do.   ..The biggest thing that struck me was that a disease that is as selfish as alcoholism can actually create some of the most unselfish people...I will be going back.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your story.
Yep. Jocks businessmen sorority girls punk rock kids bikers grandmothers construction workers etc. etc. My home meeting has a very well-known local restauranteur in attendance. It really is a big cross-section of the population. This disease doesn't discriminate so it's important that we don't either else we ignore someone who might need help. It was the first and most important things I learned by going to AA; never assume you know what anyone else has been through. Ever.
Upvoting in hopes that everyone who comes here will read this. This is better than $1000000 worth of professional advertising.
AA was my first stop the day I decided to quit drinking and I haven't looked back. There are so many great people from every walk of life and I continue to seek out new experiences every week. Not sure what kind of area you live in but I encourage you to explore as many meetings as you can. Keep coming back.
Just wait till you see one of them on the street it's a trip. 
If you're an alcoholic AA is the best place in the world.
[deleted]
I'm glad you had a memorable experience and will be going back :)  Our brains set these pre-conceived notions up in our head that prevent us from going to these meetings in the first place I had the very same thoughts as you.  Meetings are a powerful thing for recovery let me suggest one thing:  those nights when you don't feel like going to a meeting go to a meeting instead and see how you feel after you'll usually thank yourself.
Sounds like you had a great time. This is awesome to read! ..I've heard AA described as what you'd expect to find when going in for jury duty and I think that's pretty close to true. ..Good luck on your next few meetings. Just remember if you find a meeting you don't like don't be afraid to shop around a bit!
Next time you want a drink put that medallion in your mouth. Once its gone you can have a drink :) 
I went to my first today.  Similar experience (though I had no expectations going in).  I've been lurking this sub for a long time.  Doing nothing about it.  If anyone else is reading this lurking in the sub but not ready to do anything...  just try a meeting.  What have you got to lose?
This post made my day!
I just got to pass on my old 16-year coin to a good friends of mine this past Saturday.  At the same meeting another older guy was celebrating 60 days.  You have no idea how freaking awesome your life will become if you stay sober and work the steps.  .
glad you had a positive first meeting. it truly is an amazing bunch of people much like all the people in this area ii dont always agree with them but i do value thier opinions.
[deleted]
Yup.  I actually cannot wait to go back tomorrow to a Tuesday night meeting.  Feeling a bit 'off' today.
Thank you! I have one foot in the door (and out of the current dump I am in)...How would people feel about moderation or damage control rather then completely stopping? I am not certain given my lifestyle I could stop completely but I would love a group I could hang out with 100% sober soak up some wisdom and spend an entire night with these people and go to bed with zero alcohol in me
Probably a dumb question but do you have to have stopped drinking to attend AA?
