-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/v3n9j/im_finished/

Hey family..I thank you all for your support- the last three months and some weeks since I've been reading posts replying when I felt I could help or relate has made me feel not so alone in combating my drinking problem and provides me with relief and hope knowing we are in this together...Just wanted to share that after struggling for a couple years playing with fire with my undergraduate education I submitted my last paper earlier this morning.  My educational experience is something I hold dear to me and at times I never felt more alive than I did sitting in lectures partaking in discussion seminars or writing papers.  There's just something about the academic environment for me.....Through my problems with drinking I found myself not caring about completing school; I lost sight of my passions and goals and became content with reading drunk in a bar listening to the jukebox play classic rock for the rest of my life on earth all the while damning the world and her people for the state we found ourselves in...Very excited with a happy heart I have unofficially finished up my BA in history- sober more content than I have been in quite some time and learning to accept my existence and this world- finding the beauty in life rather then condemning what I saw...Just wanted to share- slowly but surely getting back on track.  Now on to the next and see what's in store for this one.....:)..Happy Friday everyone.  I love you guys....**EDIT:**  Apologize for the length but I felt compelled to share...Finished up work for the day off to see my therapist in a bit (yay!).  Wanted to share just how much you guys have lifted my spirits today.  Told my mother the good news this morning and she replies "that's so cool."  Sort of expected a hug or something more connecting but she just carried on perusing through facebook.  ..I wanted to cry.  I walked to the bathroom to get ready for work and almost broke down but I didn't...I went up on the roof (flat top stair access so it's safe) and just sat letting the sun beam down on me.  Brought a favorite book of mine and opened up to a page that talked about the self.  .."Egotistical Desire tries to force the round peg in the round hole and the square peg in the round hole.  Cleverness tries to devise craftier was of making pegs fit where they don't belong.  Knowledge tries to figure out *why* round pegs fit in round holes but not square ones."  ..My mindset changed I wasn't sad anymore- the secondary wave of anger that came over me right before nearly shedding tears dissipated.  I need to stop looking for things in the places where I know I will not find them rather than wishing *but it will be different this time...*..Essentially I still try to seek out a sense of validity through the positive reactions of others (especially being back at home wanting to do everything ok out of fear it'll affect her mood- it can get pretty ugly around here sometimes); slowly but surely I'm detaching myself from this mode of thinking- learning to be content with myself and appreciate my efforts.  I can't change how others react.  It's rough living back at home these handful of months with my mom who more often than I care to admit or think about doesn't seem to share as much enthusiasm as I would like in regards to me getting back on my feet.  ..And that is ok.  I don't like the fight the stress the struggle.  I'm tired of letting external factors wreak havoc with my emotions and mental state.  I'm learning to appreciate the present and let go of these strings I cast out to somehow affix my identity- to not react out of fear anger pride- to be truly comfortable with how I spend my energy in the moment and truly find peace with that.  ..No dwelling on the past or worrying about the future.  I am living now...It's not easy but I've seen myself make bounds even just the last few weeks- which is a really nice break.  More able to maintain a sense of calm and inner harmony with external forces these days and I must say I could get use to this.  No more feeling comfortable with chaos and struggle- Like flowing water has power in its maneuverability and spontaneous flexibility to persevere on a course of least resistance when obstacles are thrown in the way- I want to be like water...I hope you all are having a nice day we all deserve it.  ..Keep on truckin'  :)
----------immediate responses--------

congrats. awesome accomplishment
Congratulations! That's what sobriety is all about: living a meaningful life. Are you going to continue on to grad school? Sounds like you'd love it.
That's all really great for you and adds some really positive thoughts today to /r/stopdrinking.  Thanks...And that 110 days sober ain't too shabby either!
As a six month sober history major I salute you. 
That's wonderful! You should be proud.
Congrats!!!  I should be finishing my BS in physics in a couple of months.  I have one general education class to take and that's it.  My care level is low but I am happy to be ending this chapter in my life.
A post like this is a spiritual experience. The promises in the Big Book do come true!
That's good work Anonymouse06! ..A couple of your comments resonated somewhat with myself - particularly your edit - and so I thought I'd add a couple of words...First I'll throw my parchment into the ring and salute yourself and the other history major here! Salute! While I've worked in IT for nigh on 20 years or something (yeah I'm tragically old - hence the history studies I suppose) I've spent the last 4 years studying a BA part time. Mine focused on Ancient Greek and Roman history so it's nice to hear of others with the same interest. Given it's not my career and has no real intention of being it remains a vocational interest. I enjoyed it a great deal...Second to the response we'd like from others: I flick through a couple of sub-reddits and saw this on /r/aww this morning - http://imgur.com/a/HgZZF..You know it's hard not to be in awe of people who have parents like that. Certainly I could never imagine either of mine acting like that. And when I see stories like that it's hard to not reflect and consider what things might have been if they had been. ..It stings a bit - that's the feeling you had and I can empathise with that. But ultimately there's nothing to be gained by such considerations and the best we can do is accept that we were 'squared holed' and that we need to work from where we are to where we want to be. I don't use AA but I see huge wisdom always in the serenity prayer - recognising the difference between what we can change and what we can't...And on a more positive note it's nice to live vicariously through some good stories like that for a bit anyway. It's like sunshine on the face when things in our own world don't see to good. 
Sounds like you had a motherfucking spiritual experience! Hell yes. I don't care what you decide to call it but feels good man...It's that point where you go "oh everything is going to be ok" and then you smile.
