-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ve76k/how_do_you_tell_people/

What exactly do you say to people when they ask why you do not drink especially if you do not know them well? Many people have a lot of negative (and wrong) views on alcoholism/addiction and what being a recovered alcoholic means and I find myself reluctant to just tell anyone who asks that I am a recovering alcoholic. However I do not want to lie to anyone either. I am not embarrassed of my struggle but sometimes I worry that someone who does not understand alcoholism may get the wrong impression of me and I worry about how this could affect my career or my husband's. Any thoughts on this would be greatly appreciated! 
----------immediate responses--------

When it does come up which isn't often I sometimes say "for health reasons". It's simple honest and usually prevents any further prying. ..I worried about this a lot when I first quit but it turns out I'm actually not the center of the universe and most people could care less what I'm drinking. If you have a lot of people around you that seem hung up on understanding why you don't want to drink it might be time to change the scenery. ..
I proclaim it boldly and humbly because I am proud I have overcome myself and I have been humbled by alcohol...But really most of the time I don't feel like explaining all that so I just say 'no thanks' and only bring it out if the topic continues.
Say you don't want to drink say you don't like to drink say that alcohol gives you a headache whatever.  ..If you went out with some friends to grab a burger and you asked for no tomatoes on yours how would you answer the question "Why don't you want tomatoes?"  It's the same thing. "Because I don't like tomatoes" should be enough for anyone.  And if it's not that person probably f'ing *loves* to eat tomatoes.  If they kept pushing it I'd recommend that they check out Tomatoes Anonymous because they clearly have a problem.
Why are they asking you? Anyone who is pushy about this is rude and/or nosy. ..I used to say: "Alcohol and I are not a pretty sight" or."It makes me crazy"; or "I don't drink"; or "Thanks I'll have a diet-Coke". ..You've been sober a long time so I'm wondering why it is still worrisome. Is this a new group of people you're with? ..Thanks for the post. It is a frequent question. If you do a search or scroll through this sub you'll probably find even more comments. 
I told a work friend yesterday not in the context of being asked about it but just because I wanted to. I respect her as a person and coworker a lot and I've worked with her for about 5 years. I trust her and she has shared things in confidence with me before. It was in the context of a conversation about some troubles I have had there recently and I just said you know I am really glad that I stopped drinking in November because I don't think I could have handled this before then.
"No thank you I don't drink." should be sufficient for anyone not close to you. It's none of their fucking business and is as personal a question as any medical related issue.  If you were on your way to the gyno you wouldn't feel any need to explain that to a nosy person who asks why you're going to the doctor...Close family and friends may need further explanation to keep from being offended or offering you gifts of alcohol. I hurt my FIL's feelings last weekend when I had to refuse a gift of his homemade wine of which he was very proud. He was a bit hurt at first but only because he was under the impression that I had just slowed down on drinking rather than quitting all together. I created that situation by being a bit tight lipped about my quitting early on because I wasn't very confident in my ability to stay off the booze. He now understand not to offer me any alcohol...That reminds me... I need to tell Grandma not to send me her customary Brandy Beans for Christmas this year.
I just tell people I don't drink because I am allergic to alcohol....
There's always "it makes me break out in handcuffs" for the partying crowd rather than the work crowd. People usually get what you mean.
I was overly consumed with that thought as well.  Of the people that knew the drinking me I'm sure they know the real reason why I say "I'm not drinking anymore".  Of the people that didn't know the drinking me I simply say I dont drink.  No one has pushed the subject. If I run into anyone that's pushy with alcohol to me after I told them that I don't drink I know that I don't need them in my life. 
The people who are close to me know my story and know it well...If someone isn't close enough to know the story then they aren't close enough to be owed any explanation. Would I like a drink? Yes diet Coke. Why aren't I 'drinking'? Because I'm not. Why not? *Shrug* because I'm not...Very rarely do people push it very far... In the odd case that they do I just kind of roll my eyes and ask why it's so important to them..
I obsessed over this for a long time. So far I've gotten by with "No thanks". No questions asked (and believe me I've been offered many times). If they push I'm ready with the follow up of "I don't drink". But even my parents haven't gone that deep yet. ..And yes I've used the "no thanks" line at work too. Works just as well there. 
I tell them "I stopped drinking because I was drinking a 5th of JD every night". Then they get a serious look on their face and usually say "Good for you man"..
[deleted]
If someone flat out asks if Im an alcoholic. I just say "I don't know if I am or if I am not. All I know is that alcohol makes my life worse."
