-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vkrzb/so_six_months/

I'll keep it short. It's been great overall but recently the urge to drink has been returning with a vengeance. And the dreams... in my dreams I have already relapsed and it confuses the hell out of me. ..I'm sorry to say that I miss it as messed up as I was. I should be feeling proud today but instead I'm battling rationalisations. I'm worried I'm losing my resolve. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm worried I'm losing my resolve...You're so worried that you're talking about it and bringing it up with friends. That sir is called taking care of your shit. Good for you...I gotta go hit a meeting so I'll post more later. I'll just say for now that these types of moods are like the weather: you can't control them but if you protect yourself they will pass soon enough. Close the windows make sure the door is locked and hunker down in a room close to the center of the house. Then just wait for the noise to pass.
You shouldn't be sorry to say that you miss it 6 months is a long time and it's easy to forget and see the past through rose tinted glasses. Have an honest hard think back to the reasons that you decided to make this incredible change in your life and draw from them...Without having any idea of your history remember that you haven't been through this part of the year before sober. Just like the smell of freshly cut grass will remind you of something from 20 years ago other seemingly trivial things will trigger vivid memories feelings or desires. Learning to deal with these triggers is part of the process...You SHOULD be feeling proud today but don't be disheartened by the fact that you're not. Be it in a couple of days or a couple of weeks you will look back on this time and take strength from the fact that your resolve was still with you.
Congrats on six months but I doubt you'd say you missed it when the shit was hitting the fan. ..Keep up the good work and keep checking in :)
