-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vl36o/fell_of_the_wagon_and_landed_on_my_dignity/

no excuses... I was in a bad mood and isolated myself this weekend went camping by myself and drank on Fri & Sat nights. I knew several hours beforehand that I was going to drink but I was in a self-destructive mood and didn't seem to have the motivation to fight it...I'm embarrassed to be resetting my counter after 100+ days but my only real regret was breaking my promise to myself. Sure I've done that many other times in my drinking career but I felt so certain that I'd licked it this time...Since I can't turn back the clock here's what I learned from this relapse:..1. Beer tastes like shit. My previous "favorites" now taste like sour piss to me...2. I don't like the feeling of being drunk. Of course I knew that before but that lesson really hit home as I stumbled around got the bed spins nearly vomited and considered doing other stupid shit like boating in a thunderstorm and driving to the store for more beer.  I hate the diminished motor skills cognitive abilities and lack of judgement. ..3. Drinking did nothing to improve my mood or help solve the problems I was having.  I knew it wouldn't before I took that first drink but I did it anyway...4. Being alone when I think I may be in danger of drinking is a fatal mistake. If my family would have been with me I'm certain I would not have relapsed...I'm not glad I made this mistake but I am glad that I'm learning something from it and now I have a renewed commitment to not drink. Now I know exactly what will happen if I have that first drink again and I don't like it...My name is Chris. I am an alcoholic. I am not going to drink today..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had a good revelation. Best of luck.
Thank you for posting this. I don't know if this helps please know that number 3 was almost my downfall a week ago and your mistake can be my lesson too. I've known all along that there was nothing there for me but it helps to get the message reenforced every once in a while.
Good story. I just had to get my counter reset too both the badge and the one I keep in my head. I did well on Friday but backslid on Saturday and did some stuff that I regret as usual. ..Here's to hoping we can both do better this time around. 
Hi Chris thanks for sharing...It helped me immensely to read this today because sometimes I think about going back out and drinking. ..But not today!
[deleted]
I had one of those self-destructive moments recently too. I KNOW drinking is terrible for me but I just thought "well fuck me then." I'm glad you're treating this like a learning experience and I'm glad you didn't try to boat in a thunderstorm. My name is Mark and I wish you the best of luck Chris. 
Thank you.  I am glad to hear that you only "considered" the boating and driving.  That shit is scary.  Now that I'm sober seeing the conditions that people are in and still think they are fine to drive it's almost terrifying to be on the road.  But that was me.
&gt; I'm embarrassed to be resetting my counter after 100+ days ..At least you came back. Some people get embarrassed to death. It breaks my heart to see people go out for more punishment but it's heartening to see them get up and take another shot at it...&gt; I felt so certain that I'd licked it this time...Can you elaborate? And what are you gonna do different this time to ensure different results?
[deleted]
I know for me that if I was alone a number of times I would have immediately picked back up. If the wife hadn't been around there would have been a 12 pack and a bottle of whiskey many many times. I get in a shitty mood sometimes and my scumbag brain starts playing tricks on me. I'm just rambling now I guess the message is when you start getting to that place get to someone who knows that you're not drinking. It doesn't have to be a sponsor or even anyone you have to talk about sobriety with just get to someone who you're accountable to. Works for me at least. 
Right there with you man was at 40 days Saturday night. One night blew it! I feel like my body is still recovering. Gone is the high energy levels I had last week.
I read your post about four hours ago and have been thinking about it since. ..Thank you as this helps keep me sober. And I honestly believe that you've had your last drink. You've seen what it does and what happens. And you had a shit time. No reason to ever try again. Staying involved in your sobriety will help you and others. Win win situation...Congratulations on your honesty. From here it only gets better. And I am the last person on earth who ever thought I'd be 1) sober 2) remotely happy about it. Rather I'm fucking thrilled. ..Great job Chris. 
