-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vvbdf/probably_ought_to_reset_my_badge/

Last weekend I drank so much that I blacked out and had hurt myself (probably from falling) and totally fucked some other people over. I did the same thing the weekend before. I decided to quit entirely for these reason. The past week I have had no real physical withdrawal symptoms. I've slept fine I've had no real illness. The only thing I had felt was the shame from the things I had done when I was blacked out. After I got over that and realized I was going to be a better person now I felt great...I spent the day with my dad his new girlfriend and a few of their friends. They each polished off about a 12 pack over the day and I abstained entirely. ..My dad's new girlfriend has serious drug and alcohol problems. I told my dad he should probably get her hooked up with an intervention specialist. Yesterday she took the keys to his truck smashed off her rocker at 9 AM and wrecked it into a mailbox doing damage to the fender. She doesn't have a license. The only reason I can suspect the cops didn't think she was fucked up is because it was 9AM. ..Anyway later on tonight after they had all finished their beers I went out to a bar. It is literally all that there is to do in my town. It is the only type of business open after 10 PM. I also know a lot of people that go to the bars. I used to work at one and I used to frequent them. I'm moving away later this week so I was hoping to give a few hellos and goodbyes. Anyway I go into the bar order a pepsi and start playing a game of pool. I'm not having any temptation to drink.  The bartender and a patron were doing a shot every hour at the hour. I'm friends with the bartender. Without asking she poured me one with them and I hesitantly drank it telling her I would only have that one. That was my only drink (and I stayed long enough for them to have 2 more with her asking if I want one each time) but I feel as if I have gone off course. On the one hand I'm proud of myself for not letting that one drink turn into multiple drinks. On the other hand I'm disappointed in myself for ruining the week I was going with no drinks. ..Should I consider this a relapse? A moment of weakness? I know I could have said no but if I had I would have had a lot of explaining to do. Now that I write it out it sounds like a rationalization. I suppose I'll simply have to start over.
----------immediate responses--------

Starting over really only matters to the extent that you're keeping track. Yes you should start over. But starting over is something we do every day. I had my daily reprieve today. Hopefully I'll have another one tomorrow.
This is a long one:..Dude I know exactly how you feel. I did almost the same thing last weekend although I only had a few sips out of absent-mindedness. I have no idea what the right thing to do is but I do know that I personally would not reset my badge. Stopping drinking is about controlling your intake of alcohol. Tonight you did control it. ..Unfortunately we're all alcoholics here. Our behavior is most notable when viewed over the long term. What relationships did we fuck up what jobs did we lose what licenses did we get revoked etc. Most problems with alcohol (not all) are the result of repeated use and repeated mistakes. Sure we might total a car or hurt someone and that is terrible but I don't think one drink can be blamed for any 'alcoholic' problems. ..What you do need to do is not have just one anymore. One of these nights it won't be just one. You don't need anyone telling you that right? Please keep your cool at the bar remember where you've come from and everything you've been through. We're all here to support you when you get home every night. So consider it what you will reset your badge if you think it will motivate you to decline the drink next time...That's my advice feels kind of ridiculous seeing as how I'm no further along than you but hey you asked...If you want I have a story from my night as well. I watched my family and neighbors get hammered on my porch and I drank a seriously disgusting La Croix sparkling water. It was so bad not even because it wasn't alcohol. It was just fucking terrible. So then I met my friends at the bar. I've decided to face this abstinence boldly but I still don't want anyone to know I've stopped. It's just awkward and everyone will judge me and if I do ever drink again they'll know I've failed and that to me makes it harder to stay on the wagon. But what I've discovered is that sobriety at the bars can be really fun! Everyone else was already drunk and when I got there we all ordered more drinks and food. Except me I looked the waitress in the eyes and said 'I'm driving tonight so I'm doing an experiment to see if I can black out on water.' She seemed to enjoy that and kept my hydration maxed out. I must have drank 3 liters of crisp free water. And while my friends got drunker and drunker I was able to remain attentive and witty. I had absolutely no urge to drink just because I felt so good and so...I don't know...clean. ..Every alcoholic at a bar is always making excuses why they can have another drink. Oh you just got paid so you can afford to celebrate the fact that you got 2nd place at Trivia Night? Real convenient. I look for convenient reasons why I can't have a drink. Start practicing them. The classics are 'I'm driving' and 'I have to get up early'. They work perfectly. What doesn't work are things like 'I can't afford it' because someone at the table will offer to buy you a drink and now you have to turn down free booze refuse a kind gesture and still come up with a reason you can't drink. There's always 'I'm kind of sick' and 'I have a bit of work to do later tonight'. If people are still pestering you get REAL firm and say 'I'm not drinking tonight'. It turns out normal people sometimes don't want to drink and they should realize they're just annoying you. ..Anyway sorry about all the words up there I'm really new at this and totally stoked about quitting so I have some sober-ass thoughts going through my head.
You should do whatever you think is best for you...If you think you will rationalize that it is okay to take one drink periodically maybe you should reset...I also know that losing a week seems like a big deal at the beginning and may lead to the ah fuck it I already messed up might as well make it worth it attitude in which case I'd say don't reset...It's sort of like one of those choose your own adventure books.  Each person takes a different path.
No one here is gonna tell you that you have to reset.  This is entirely a personal decision.  ..I want to draw your attention to one comment you made:  ..&gt;I went out to a bar. It is literally all that there is to do in my town...This can't really be true.  It sounds to me like the kind of thing I used to say to myself when I was a teen because I wanted an excuse to drink so I drank because 'there was nothing else to do'.  As if boredom was an excuse for my boozing.  As if boozing wasn't my fault because the world was not providing me with enough entertainment.  As if the world owed me a show every hour on the hour and if I didn't get it I would do something self-harming instead...The voice that says 'nothing else to do so might as well go to a bar' is the same voice that allowed you to take that shot.  Just sayin'.  Be suspicious of it.  It is not your friend and it is not being honest with you.
