-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vye3g/desparately_needing_to_be_heard/

i'm an alcoholic/addict. got a year and 2weeks off hard drugs and the needle and 4mo and1 day off of everything else. i am doing wonderful overall right now i am really struggling tho. i have bi-polar and very recently went through a medicine changed that threw me into mania. the past week has been absolutely horrible. Thanks to the 12-step program i have a God in my life and a good relationship with my God. i know that God won't give me more than i can handle and i know that my God has given me the strength and courage to face my feelings and moods without having to escape but damnit this is fucking hard. I have a gutwrentching pain in my heart all i want to do is crawl in a whole. I'm also a cutter and i really want to cut i just keep praying that God gets me thru these moments. my mind is racing im not ok even though i keep saying i am. i just need to be heard i need support. i know the good and the bad both pass but this is so bad at times i feel i barely have control over myself. i become consumed by rage depression fear..i don't know..i know i will be ok and i know im not going to drink or use only because im in a fit spiritual condition (thanks to God the obsession has been removed) but damnit when will this end! this psychotic swinging of moods is starting to get scary. ive talked with my psych and quit the medicine which has thrown my brain juju out of wack two days ago. im hoping things will be getting back to normal soon. all i can do is pray. thank you for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm listening and I hope you get back to feeling better soon. I don't know what your psych doc said but two weeks is really early on to expect to feel completely normal. Hang in there you're doing a noble thing.
thank you it really means the world to me that you took the time to read this
thank you.
I had the same thing happen to me. I was a year sober when my anti-depressants induced mania and then a psychotic break. I was hospitalized for about 5 or 6 days. I was very unstable afterward and ended up relapsing. For 5 years I was totally lost...Please stay in close contact with your doctor. And is there someone (family or friend) who can stay with you 24/7 for the next few days? In fact can you go ahead and hospitalize yourself? I know that when I was at my worst there was no way I could take care of myself...Since you are dual-diagnosis your sanity can be threatened by not only your addiction but by your mental illness. In my experience I couldn't stay clean if I wasn't sane. When you are feeling more stable please put as much care and effort into managing your mental illness as you put into your recovery. The 12 steps alone are not treatment--you have a serious disorder that must be treated by a medical expert...Please check in frequently. Mania is bad enough but you are not safe if you are psychotic. Please TAKE CARE!..
[deleted]
is there anybody you can call? parent friend sponsor.  it took a few weeks for my anti depressants to take effect so i would think it takes time to get the medicine out of your system. just dont take that first drink.
Hey IRL friend!  Slumber party?!?
Thank you all so much. I spent much of my life hospitalized and my last hospitalization i was sexually abused by a staff member and i will NEVER go back. i am in constant contact with my parents and dr. i know i can make it through this and i know i can do it sober. thank you so much means a lot
Hang in there. This too will pass. Just be strong. Rely on your faith. Remember how much you've worked devoted committed. We're with you.
I read this and we are all pulling for you to just hang on. 
it depends on the meds man. I was put on an antidepressant for anxiety and my *fucking hair vibrated*. I mean it was vibrating my wife noticed it. Trying to think while my body was ringing not just my ears.... .So I went onto benzos which was worse. I was scared what would happen if I was on withdrawal which eventually happened because of a prescription mix-up went on a high dose to nothing and the mixup caused a refusal for my script to be refilled until my next doctor's visit a week later. In the office my skin was crawling back but the day before that it felt like I was watching myself. People talk about the DT's but benzos are fucking WAY worse than any DT's I've ever been through. I almost picked up a bottle just to make the shakes and brain zaps just stop but I got through it somehow and talked to the doctor that benzos are not for me time to ramp down which I did.. .I think the only thing that really truly got me through it was a strong exercise regimen (I do lots of extended cardio bike riding and extended sprinting) eating everything in sight for the carbs Valerian root steeped in Chamomile tea which I make in a coffee carafe (no caffeine) and AA.. .Going off of any meds will cause a rebound effect. It takes a long time to get off of that but you can do it. Just busy yourself with say cleaning your place. A lot. I still clean my sink every morning I did before hitting this thread up and reading your post. It's sparkly.
