-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w0r5q/death_of_others_in_recovery_at_places_like_aa/

I'm a newly sober (about to hit day 4) person and I've been attending one or more AA meetings a day since then. I go to the same place and there are a lot of familiar faces around. Today I found out that a person who was part of this group that I go to (but that I had not personally met yet) left a meeting last night with someone else who had gone out of recovery. The details are hazy but the end game is that they crashed their car into a tree and both of them died. Substances were involved...I was very surprised to hear that this is far from unheard of. Everybody shared their experiences. Depending on where your bottom is this could happen after even one relapse. And that if you stay in a program or group with people like this you might even have one of them die on you. ..So I was encouraged in the chat to turn this over to everybody. Has anybody had experiences with this who have been in AA/Other programs?
----------immediate responses--------

Wow...First welcome and congratulations. I saw a lot of signs early in recovery helping point me in the right direction. Spend some time boiling down to the very essence what happened. Someone who was sober decided to give alcohol another chance. Three places... hospital/psych ward jail or morgue. ..Unfortunately there have been some suicides in my local recovery network. An AA friend relapsed about the same time I did and got a hotel room to drink. Next thing he knows he's blacked out in a ditch trying to get his car out of someone's yard. Another guy does the same thing every 8 months or so goes out and blacks out and wakes up in jail or Jacksonville he never knows...One guy died early and somewhat unexpectedly. An announcement was made at the meeting and it hurt even though I never met the guy. What hurt the most? A friend spoke up about his final days and how proud he was that he had been sober for years and lived a real life. And that he felt it was okay because he wasn't dying from alcohol. I know I cried pretty sure everyone else did as well...
I've been to quite a few funerals for people in the rooms...All I can do is stick with the winners and work my program as hard as I can.
It happens all the time. People go out and die. Sometimes we hear about it and sometimes we don't. Earlier this summer where I live a young man committed suicide by train. The sad fact of alcoholism is that the vast majority of people who have the disease will die from it. I am not exempt from that if I pick up a drink. 
[deleted]
Yes it happens often. We don't always hear about it but sometimes we do. Crashes organ failure OD suicide...It makes sense that it would happen more often at AA than at your average Junior League. Alcohol is really bad for your mental and physical health. AA also tends to trend older so there are the inevitable problems that pop up with age. Add to that the fact that many of us are still pretty shy about going to the doctor for stuff having gotten used to just ignoring physical symptoms...News like this is usually met with a solemn nod and a quiet recommitment to staying healthy. It's also a helpful reminder of just how fragile life is. I think that's a worthy way to honor someone who gave so much for so little.
I have to say in the first couple weeks hearing about people relapsing and dying after days months years in recovery really weirded me out and made me think "this is bullshit and doesn't work." But then over time I began to see a great number of people who *had* stayed sober for months or years or decades. And I guess that's about as central a lesson to recovery as any I can think of: recovery is possible and lots of people get it but addiction can also knock you on your ass again or even kill you if you don't stay vigilant.
I've heard many of the stories of people relapsing and never making it back to the rooms it's such a stark sobering reminder.  Our mind likes to trick us into thinking we can drink like normal people again but the reality is if we go out we may not make it back either.  I always find a way to tell myself it never got that bad it would never happen to me but I do really stupid shit when I drink I should probably be dead already...I was also the only person of my immediate family to visit my aunt in the hospital during her last week of life.  I never got to know her very well my parents kept her away in part of her untreated alcoholism and she was in a severe stage wet brain and all that.  I was an active alcoholic at the time and I forced myself to go there's an image that's been burned into my mind and I'm trying not to forget.  This is actually bring up some emotions for me I hadn't thought about in a while and with my recent escapade it's probably a good idea that I do so thank you.  Sometimes I like to think she died so I could live..
