-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w4tl5/this_really_sucks/

So I quit for 57 days then I slipped....Getting back on it and staying with it has been extremely hard. I feel like I'm overwhelming the mods by requesting a badge every other day. I went 2 days then I drank on the 4th saying it was the last day then I drank last night with the stupid excuse that "I had a hard day."...Anyway I'm not going to drink tonight. I'm going to stick it out. I'm planning out my night: Cleaning my room watching some new episodes of Futurama SMART meeting writing laundry and a very relaxed night in....But the problem is I say this every morning/night. ...I hope that my struggle to get back on it and stay strong EVERY DAY can help some of you thinking about relapse. ...This sucks. :(
----------immediate responses--------

Why not instead of drinking just come here and tell us how you are about to have a drink instead? Or go to AA and get a sponsor then call him or her and tell them? I don't know about you but having a sponsor that I can call really has helped me out a lot. I'd hate to let him down and for me that's made all the difference. He believes in me and gives me a ton of confidence. ..It sounds to me like you have set up a plan but like you said you have done it before and not been successful. What do you think is the missing ingredient?..Thanks for posting and good luck on Day #1 again. Hang in there :)
I doubt the mods will run out of badges.  Or mind...But I'm with steiner76 - what do you think you need to do differently next time?  Have you identified any trigger emotions or events that set you off previously?  Is there a particular rationale that you use to justify drinking that you might explore further?
Throw in the fucking towel mate and go to AA and do yourself a favour. Thinking you can do anything about this on your own is just part of the illness. ..Get real help from Alcoholics who have recovered. They are everywhere they just don't promote themselves. Get on the Web find a local meeting or a local number and go along. I didn't get 850 days by sitting in my fucking room...Good luck.
It isn't just you. Kurt Cobain wrote in his journal "no one has said 'fuck it' more times than an addict." I remember reading that and thinking "Dang that's really true for me."..I try not to beat myself up too much if I slip mostly because if I do I get depressed and that tends to make me want to drink more. I'm still trying to figure out how this all works. Hang in there. ..
About a week ago I saw a news story about a ballistics lab run by University that literally exploded. Luckily the place was in the sticks so not too many people were hurt but the one person who was hurt happened to just by driving down a country road when a non-descript building just blew up and littered the highway with shrapnel. You think that guy had plans for what he was going to be doing forever?..My point is this: you don't need to not drink forever. You just need to not drink today. For all you know a building might explode right next to you tomorrow. Or in a year. Or in ten. You don't need to plan for what you're going to be drinking ten years from now and you don't need to plan what road you're going to be driving down then either. Simplify: think small. It's much easier on your soul when you do.
I hear you I forgot how rough the first few days can be myself.  Especially in those moments when we get it into our head that we want to drink the last thing we want to do sometimes is reach out for help to stop that line of thinking.  ..It's realyl good that you are keeping busy and sticking with a just-for-today mentality.  What's really been helping me lately is getting into meditation and yoga; sounds froofy but it helps us be in the moment and lower stress levels I'm finding...  Maybe that's helpful but more than anything don't be afraid to ask for help :)  Especially in the moment and on the phone or in person.  This subreddit is great but nothing can top that instant response.  Don't be afraid to call the AA hotline; it's manned by volunteers that just want to help you get through those moments that's their primary purpose. 
I quit once for 21 days then started drinking again. When I tried to quit I couldn't. I tried to do the same things I did when I quit for that brief three week interval but it didn't work the same...What has worked for you in the past may not work for you in the present moment. I quit on willpower alone for those three weeks and half of that time I was isolated at a cottage in the middle of a lake without alcohol...Time to try a new approach. Time for change.
I can't look at it as having to quit forever it's just too damn big to wrap my brain around. I can however reasonably get through today without a drink. Maybe I'll drink tomorrow but I sure as shit am not drinking today...There was a lot more to my early recovery but the one day at a time principle is invaluable to me. It keeps it manageable...You are not alone many people in here and other places have been exactly where you are. Hang in there follow through on your plans and don't let the fear of change stop you. Recovery is the greatest show on earth and you deserve it.
You need to figure out your triggers and avoid them.  You can do this.
Before everybody jumps in and tells you how proud they are of you and how "you got this" let me suggest you do yourself a favor and go back to AA. Yes I know you hated it but if alcoholics could get sober on their terms there would be no AA would there? those 3 million alcoholics who got sober in AA would have found some other method...All the promises to yourself solemn vows lists video games goal-setting badges NA beer hobbies thinking about all the money you save--none of that has worked for you or will ever work like completely giving up and throwing in the towel like bigbookthumber says. ..You're getting to the point where it's your life at stake--not just trying to prove that you're different or thinking that you just haven't discovered the right combination of self-help thoughts that will magically keep you sober or make you a normal drinker...Since I've been sober I've watched considerably more than 100 alcoholics just like you die of this incurable fatal disease because they thought they were different or were too proud to admit the possibility that they could be wrong. They were like the guy who jumped out of an airplane with a parachute but who refused to pull the ripcord because he was convinced it wouldn't work. What they all lacked is the ability to change their mind. I suggest you change your mind about the ripcord if you want to live...And "staying strong" has nothing to do with it. This is one case where surrender means victory. No alcoholic is stronger than alcohol and you're no exception try as you like to think you are. Get sober or get dead--those are your options. Nobody but you has the power to make that choice.
Locate the official stopdrinking chat session or an online AA meeting...We all get those feelings: hard day great day pay rise unemployed... and if you're having a hard time holding the line during those moments at the current time then look for some immediate support at the time. There's a global network of people out there. I know this sub-reddit doesn't necessarily have the immediacy that's often required so check out some of the other options and talk to someone when you get to that point where you think things are moving back towards the point at which you'll grab yourself a drink. Talk to someone instead.
