-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/waqyz/motivations_for_the_problem_drinker/

Hi guys. So it's coming up to my 3 month mark and I'm feeling particularly self-reflective tonight and wanted to share some thoughts.....When I was a drinker I don't think you could categorise me as an alcoholic but more a "problem drinker". I still got up on time each morning and went to work I didn't get the shakes if I hadn't had a drink yet and all in all I had my shit together for the most part... But I did get my way through at least a bottle of wine each night without a day off for years. Just before I decided to quit this had crept up to a bottle of wine and 8 bottles of 5% beer each night. It came as quite the shock when I finally quit and experienced physical withdrawl. I slept about 3-4 hours a night rolling around in cold sweats. My mind was so fuzzy like a fog enveloped me for weeks. I wondered if I'd done permanent damage to myself and this was just my life now. ..3 months later and I can't believe how much better I feel. It's hard to describe the clarity of sobriety but I'm amazed at how long I lived my life in such a daze. ..There are hard times though and this is what I wanted to discuss. Some people didn't feel like alcohol completely destroyed their lives yet. They couldn't see that they were really losing anything. Sure they may have wanted to quit but they didn't have a "rock bottom" they were struggling to climb up from. I think for these people including myself it can be very hard at times to stay quit. The little demon appears on your shoulder and whispers "but you weren't an alcoholic. You just needed to cut down a little. Wouldn't a nice cool beer at the BBQ be relaxing?". Without a horror story to look back on it's really difficult to argue against yourself. Perhaps it's why so many people have to reach the bottom before they quit I don't know. ..The realisation that's got me through the BBQ and the office party and the birthday gatherings was that the thing I'm so tempted by I already had and I rejected it. If someone takes a recreational drug and mid-high says fuck this I don't want it... That's a pretty crappy drug. Of all the opinions I can trust I trust my own the most. I was there doing the thing I apparently want to do and I said to myself this isnt worth it I want to quit. So actually when my resolve is wavering I don't want what drinking really is in reality I'm wanting the fantasy of drink I've created in my own mind. I want the exaggerated memories where I was enjoying myself that I can somehow attribute to the drink and strip it of all its repercussions. ..Anyway it's late and my eyes are getting heavy so it's time to put down my phone and sleep. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is exactly how I feel. Thanks for sharing.
" I'm wanting the fantasy of drink I've created in my own mind."..That's what got me every time.  I saw the drink would make me a social fun interesting person.  It ended up making me a clown who would do anything for attention.  No self-respect in that.  And THAT's what I need to keep telling that voice.
By the time I finally quit I was the kind of drinker you say that you weren't and even I romanticize drinking sometimes. There was a lot of comfort in not having to feel anything. It was familiar. I'd be lying if I said I didn't sometimes want to just shut it all down and not have to live with myself for a night. The only reason I mention that is to let everyone know that even if you do hit a solid bottom (mine was medical not jail ruined finances or family) your addict mind will still tell you how much fun you were having.
Alcoholism is like a descending elevator. You can get off anywhere you'd like. Some get off early some stay on until the harrowing bottom floors and some never make it off alive. But everyone who stays on is heading for the same place. Your bottom (whatever floor you get off at) doesn't have to be one so far down that you've lost the  spouse your job your house your kids your liver etc. For some their bottom is an emotional one and those emotions are a real enough bottom to warrant getting off the elevator. 
This is such a good point and it's not one I would have understood before in quite the same way. I didn't think that alcohol had destroyed my life. But in the month off drinking that was June 2012 it came home to me just how much had gone from life (and was starting to return): structure the confidence that tomorrow could be addressed without the fatigue and nausea of the previous day's drinking cycling and feeling fit smelling the air early in the morning writing again learning to enjoy sketching badly self-trust self-trust self-trust. Feeling calm making plans and carrying them out...It was a husk of a life and I hadn't cottoned on to it partly because I'd been drinking since 20. When I relapsed I felt it all sliding away from me again. Too much to lose and quite frankly there's no compensation. Whatever I might have felt I was getting from drink at age 20 is long long gone even if it was ever there at all which I'm beginning to doubt. People on here say a lot that drink is just a poison without any benefits to it but a deceptive one. Maybe that's one of those things you get to know in your mind without feeling it. I'm starting to feel it.
