-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wdp2w/wow_i_was_so_close_to_a_relapse/

I was out my front door cash in hand and on my way to the store to pick up some whiskey this afternoon. I have tomorrow off so I could have just slept off the hangover and been fine in the future! Of course this was foolish. A block away from the convenience store I manned-up came here and reread my first post. Luckily it was enough to turn me around and send me running home. I... Now know that Wednesdays are the hardest for me (the beginning of my weekend and I get off early). I think I need to prepare mentally for them a little more. Sorry for this being a bit of a rant but I had a bit of a close call and now I'm very happy I dodged that bullet. I'll finish this with a quick thanks to you guys this community and its advice has been invaluable (shout out to the badge too that keeps me focused). Thank you stopdrinking! This is me on day 18!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you changed your mind and recognized a trigger!  :)
Congrats for me I feel like crap more than the day after it takes me a week to fully recover. You don't know how bad you feel until you know what good feels like again.
&gt;  came here and reread my first post...That was awesome. I see what you did there you didn't try to just sit and wrestle with your temptation and thoughts you took ACTION. When you're in a jam sitting around thinking to yourself how to get out of it might or might not work actually DOING something is bound to have more predictable results: walk away call someone read something  you've written to yourself etc. Nice job man.
Good job! I have this issue myself. My weekends are Tues and Wed. Harder to find things to keep me occupied. Structure for my days off seems to be the key here. I need to start planning in advance activities and chores to stay busy with.
The choice to take that first sip can be so mundane and easy....and then it quickly spirals out of control with plenty of guilt and regret along the way. ..I commend you on your strength and happy you made a great decision!
That is a great strength boost - the first time you beat one of those!  Once I'd gotten right to the brink and walked myself back I knew I could do it again and again and again.
Don't be sorry about posting a rant.  That's what this place is for. :). Nice job BTW.
Way to go!  The worst thing about potential relapses is that they feel so effortless.  I bet it made "perfect sense" when you were rationalizing your potential plan.  Good on you for knowing better!
A man with a plan! That's excellent. That's called taking care of your business. You deserve a pat on the back for thinking that through and pulling yourself off that ledge...Do start preparing for next time. Make sure you've got a support system in place. The last time I got close to saying "fuck it" I scared myself so bad that I spent the next week collecting phone numbers from guys at my AA home group. I've only ever used them once but I know they're there in my phone whenever I need them.
You don't have to apologize for posting/ranting it was the perfect thing to do. I found myself reading through my old posts the other day and I was surprised at what a hard time I had of it. I didn't remember it being so hard and I think that's a big contributor to relapse. It's so easy to belittle everything you've been through to get here...I'm super proud of you; this is a big victory. Well done!
Do you have a hobby or activity?  Since I've quit I've gotten really into exercise.  Now as soon as I'm off work or whenever I have a day off I can't wait to go biking running hit the gym things like that.  The same sort of motivation that used to drive me to the liquor store is compelling me to do active things.
awesome! i'm pleased you didn't slip! paraphrasing from someone wiser than me its ok to have cravings but it's not ok to act on them. so well done! i'm so happy you dodged the bullet
Rereading your first post seems like a very good way to remember the worst. Something I tend to forget once things start to turn around...Thanks. I think it will be effective for me.
