-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wli9w/still_an_alcoholic_fuck/

Well it finally happened. Relapse. Thought I could control it. Thought the disease would have gone away if I stayed away long enough. It didn't. I went out. I spent a gazillion on booze. I fucked a random girl in te bathroom. I got in  fight on the street. I ruined the relationship between my brother and I again. I was on fire. I was a champion. I was drunk. I was suicidal. I don't know hat to do- I've never been this low. Help?
----------immediate responses--------

You've done the most important thing: telling someone and not letting yourself stew alone...Any experience with meetings?  Getting to one today sounds like it will help.  Get out in the world and get out of your own head.  Do something: exercise read grab a coffee experience the outdoors...I think it helps to accept the fact that none of us can control our drinking.  We will always drink too much that's just how it is...What we can control is what we do about it - do we let the beast win or do we start doing things we know will quiet it and make its voice just a lull that we can look in the face and say "not another word"...The only thing you or I can do is not drink today.  One day at a time.
Well at least you went at it in true alcoholic fashion. Why bother with a cap gun when a bazooka is so much more spectacular right?..You know what would have been worse though? If absolutely nothing had happened. Instead of feeling down you'd be one step closer to convincing yourself that you could handle this. You'd already be planning your next night of fun. You'd be looking forward to that next drink because hey nothing went wrong the last time. And hell maybe nothing would go wrong the next time either. Or the time after that...Eventually though what happened last night would happen again. It would because it always does. And you'd be here again but it would be months or years later. Or you wouldn't be here and would instead be either dead or in some sort of institution be it mental or penal...So say a quick prayer of thanks for spectacular failures. For however awful this was at least there are no grey areas here. Now take what you know and use it for your benefit. 
Most of us have discovered we can never drink like normal people sometimes it takes a certain amount of research and empirical evidence for us to realize this.  I've accepted the fact that I am one of these type of people and since I have done my life quality has significantly improved.  We slowly come to see the silly ritual and money-sink that drinking is and slowly it becomes not such a big deal as long as we do certain small things to keep us remembering and in check. ..I had a minor relapse because I forgot but I had 4 incredible years of sobriety and my life quality improved beyond my wildest dreams in that time.  Hopefully that's a silver lining and somewhat comforting in a sense we're really lucky people because we're forced to take action that better ourselves that most people never get a chance to.
it could have been worse you could have drank to the point where you thought you could drive and you could have killed people. you'll go no where but up from here friend. 
scorched-earth drinking at it's finest.  
I'm sorry to hear that you went back out and drank. Badge reset if you're ready and see that counter tick up one day at a time. Hang in there.
Deeply accepting the disease of alcoholism can be a difficult grief-producing process. ..Looks like you needed to do more research. Lucky you posted no one died and you are able to reflect with insight. Being upset/depressed is a good sign. This is part of your recovery journey-- another fucking growth experience. ..You are not back where you were 280 days ago. The knowledge gained during that time is never lost. You stayed sober quite a few days. ..Relapse starts before we pick up. Think about what thoughts and behaviors led up to this incident. Consider what you need to change to protect yourself. Any attempt to have alcohol in your life will bring misery. I think of it as a love affair gone bad. "Breaking up is hard to do."..If you haven't considered AA please do. ..One day one hour fifteen minutes at a time. Don't drink today. That's all we have. 
You have a disease that tells you that you don't have a disease. You went out again because you are an alcoholic -- nothing is ever going to change that. You can start new. Each and every day is an opportunity to get it right. 
[deleted]
If research is conclusive...maybe time to do something
I feel your pain on thinking you got it under control. Quitting for a year and going back was an eye-opener. I played it really slow for months and- I know I sound like an asshole for saying this and I'm sorry- but I'm a little jealous of how conclusive your evidence is. I went back and forth with this shit for years because it was never quite "bad enough"...I'm sorry for how you're feeling right now but you got balls to come on here and talk about it and get your head in the game. This wasn't the only option. You could've sunk deeper into denial taken the "easy" way out said "fuck it" and continued on your miserable way destroying yourself...But you came on here and posted a really honest declaration of frustration instead and that's impressive. Today you're a little bit wiser a little bit humbler and a little more badass because of it. I think today is a good day to be sober.
Well you serve as a helpful reminder to me.  Best of luck you can pull yourself back up again : )
As they say it's alcoholism not alcoholwasm. We true alcoholics cannot drink "successfully" and that is a hard thing to accept. Thankfully life is better without drinking. The key is getting to that place where alcohol is no longer desireable...I recommend AA as it's my experience that it works if you put the work in. Keep at it you deserve the peace that comes with long term sobriety.
&gt; Thought I could control it. Thought the disease would have gone away if I stayed away long enough...Spoken like a true alcoholic! This is the same thought process that leads a lot of us back out. My advise to you would be to go to AA. It's not for everyone but it will give you somewhere to go and it will provide you a solid support system. ..You can be a champion again just a sober one ;) 
I'm a horrible drinker this is why I know I can never do it safely but I've always had that type of bad attitude where some days I'll just do it because. This last week was a real eye opener though after I'm not sure how many bottles of vodka and 3 missed (no memories) days I had the worst hangover of my life. I'm only 27 and I know for a fact that my body cannot keep up with this for long. Each time I relapse it just gets exponentially worse. 
I recently went nine months without drinking only to have the exact same "well maybe I CAN drink successfully" idea. It was of course a disaster and I have been paying for it ever since (for the last... Eight months... Wow). I just came back from a relapse of a weekend and I think I feel similarly to you. I am embarrassed ashamed and significantly more broke. There are two things keeping me going: 1) I have been in this spot before. I have crashed and burned and half-ruined my life in the past and I managed to find some happiness even after that. The first few days are always the worst I feel like my most recent mistakes will haunt me forever. Rember that time heals all wounds but only if you're sober enough to stop hurting yourself. 2) This subreddit has (maybe literally) saved my life. If you feel alone if you feel like nobody cares or if you feel that you're so far gone that nobody could ever recover there are people here who will prove you wrong. I live alone in a foreign country whose language info not speak well with few friends and no real support structure. If I couldn't come here to communicate I don't know what I would do with myself. In all honesty probably hang out in a puddle of alcohol and my own sadness. Remember that people here share your struggle. If you ever feel like you want someone to have a quick chat with you can always send me a PM. Ok I feel like I went off here so I'll tldr with a "please hang in there. The next few days will be challenging physically and emotionally. Know that you *can* emerge a happy and whole person."
You didn't end up dead in jail in another state or in a straitjacket? You relapse like a little girl bro!..It could have been worse. You went out and did some more research and have more evidence. Take a deep breath refocus and let's get back to it. Everyone here supports you and loves you. You are not alone.
Don't trick yourself into believing that what happened was ok in any sense unless you want it to happen again.
Right there with you I messed up Saturday night had family staying with us hadn't seen in a while heavy drinkers bought myself a four pack of beer cause of course that's all I was going to drink. Well after the four pack I was hitting the vodka and whiskey so drunk I passed out and didn't feed our guests. Sunday morning hungover and sick as hell still feeling like shit. Not giving up though not looking back. Lets move forward. I was feeling so good last week why did I so easily gave that up?
