-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wnrdn/any_other_2030somethings_want_to_be_sober_buddies/

hey all .i've been struggling with drinking off/on for awhile. i do that thing where once i start i get wasted and make an ass of myself. i don't do this every time i drink but it happens often enough that i feel like i should just quit at least for awhile (maybe 3 months to see how it goes). .ALL of my friends drink including the 2 that i live with so its hard to stay motivated when nighttime rolls around and the beers get cracked. i'm wondering if there is anyone else out there around my age (27) who want to chat sometimes and sort of be moral support or whatever for each other. i still haven't figured out how to "PM" people on reddit but i imagine that if you PM me i will figure out how to reply. .cool. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I'm in a similar situation.  I'm a 28 year old guy and I don't drink everyday but I do have trouble stopping once I start and I typically black out and embarrass myself at least once or twice a month. I've recently started drinking in the afternoon on weekends which is something I never did before and is scaring me...I'd be glad to talk if you ever need someone. The thing is today is day 1 for me. You might be better off finding someone who has been sober for a considerable amount of time.
Congratulations on recognizing this in yourself and making a choice to address it...To PM someone on Reddit go to their user page and look for a "send message" link on the right...Or maybe you'd like to join r/stopdrinking's [IRC channel](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w1avm/official_rstopdrinking_irc_channel/)?  It often has people hanging out there depending on the time of day.  US evenings in particular are chatty times.  Some people in the channel are in the age range you mention.
This is an awesome idea fixmeinternet. It's exactly for reasons like this that I love the newbies so much. Upvote.
SOBER BUDDIES!!!..Holy fuck that's brilliant.  I order it to be implemented at once!..Everyone find your sober buddy hold his or her hand and don't let go!
Sure I'm turning twenty-four next month and have been sober for a month after 4 years of blacking out most nights.
I'd be up for this I need all the sober buddies I can get. I'm 27 and I've been sober for 18 days (need to fix my badge I think). 
I'm 27 and am in the process of moving 12 hours away to a city full of strangers.  I am grateful that I know I will meet people through AA but I'd love to have some internet sobriety buddies!
This is a great idea I'm only 22 so I may not be quite in the age range your looking for but feel free to PM me whenever I'd be more then happy to chat!..EDIT: This goes for everyone If anyone ever wants/needs to talk feel free to PM me I may not respond right away but I WILL respond.
Yo!  I'm 30 and I quit drinking when I was 26.  I'll tell you one of the hardest parts about it was abandoning my old friends.  I don't mean that to be mean but literally to save my own life I had to cut all ties with old friends.  It was pretty lonely but luckily I was able to eventually setup a core group of friends that had the same goals that I did (about 6-7 months in).  In my case I knew I couldn't drink like my friends did.  They could drink go out and wake up the next morning for work.  I would blackout and end up being completely out of control.  Those were just the cards I was dealt in life I just can't handle alcohol.    I have to be completely honest with you though as I've seen a lot of people come and go whether it be through online support groups or AA your life have to change.  There is no such thing as sobering up but still living the life you used to lead.  There needs to be a fundamental change in thinking and association with other people...You'll know when it's time for you to quit completely.  For me it was handcuffs and a potential 10 year prison sentence.  If I can be of any help when you're down feel free to PM me.  Good luck!
Sober buddy too! Im 22 and have been sober for almost five months. PM me like how frumious showed you anytime you need to!
I'm 29 and on day 4.  I black out and make an ass of myself.  Wanna try for three months together to start off?  God I'd be happy with one! Anyways I don't know how to pm either but love this idea.
24/female/sober here.  I've been through all those nights of making a jackass of myself lol.  You're making the right decision!  If you ever need someone to talk to just message me but I warn you I'm a pretty eccentric person sometimes. :p..I've been drinking since 16 and after deciding it's ruined my life enough I've been sober 39 days today.  I'm in it for the long haul.
[deleted]
I am 24 and would love to get in on this! I have quit once before for nearly four months but I started again in February after an extremely traumatic event - I used it as an excuse to have a glass of wine. Now here I am out of control trying again. I used this subreddit (different username obviously) every day when I was sober and it was a great help. So lets all PM each other or something? 
