-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wqjao/worries_about_returning_to_normal_life/

I haven't had a drink for several days and I feel fine. I mean there was some shaking and I'm having trouble falling asleep at night but I expected far worse. I'm away from  home and far from alcohol and it's been almost easy as long as I've kept myself busy. I feel great and I'm getting so much done. In a few nights I'll be at an event with beer but I feel strong and like it won't be a temptation. It's what happens next that I'm worried about...In 8 or 9 days I go back home to real life. I think it's going to be a lot harder there. I have the support of my husband. Do I ask him to not drink at home or around me at least for now? How do I know if I need a rehab program or just a meeting? (So far I'm struggling to find a secular meeting in my very religious area but that's another story.) And it's hard to quiet the voice that thinks I'll be a regular social drinker like other folks once I get past these first few months. Maybe this is just typical day 3/4 stuff?..Thanks r/SD. .
----------immediate responses--------

I wake up every morning look at myself in the mirror and say "Hi Victoria you're not going to drink today I love you."..We have a daily reprieve from drinking. That's it. Everyday remind yourself why you're choosing recovery. It's really normal to struggle with all of these things in early days. In order to quell the voice that tells you that you might become a social drinker I'd seriously recommend you start going through your drinking history. What's the evidence that you can be a normal drinker?..Let's be honest here. Normal drinkers generally do not worry about there being beer at an event that's coming up. Normal drinkers do not shake after a few days without alcohol. Normal drinkers don't ask questions like "Do I need rehab"..As for the question do you need rehab or just meetings...well in my humble opinion if you can afford rehab and if it's available to you TAKE IT. It's a great way to grab life by the fucking horns and choose recovery...As for your husband: I'd personally set some boundaries. I asked my parents to not have any alcohol in the house and they were more than happy to oblige. It's up to you. It's a simple but important conversation!..You can do this.
I got married after I'd been sober a few years.  I asked my husband to not keep alcohol in the house or we could try him buying whatever he thought he might drink (2 beers or whatever).  He never tried so I don't know what that would have been like...I think that if it will make your sobriety easier you should be able to ask him to not have any alcohol around for awhile.  How long a while is up to you both...As far as the voice goes ignore it.  :)
Treatment is probably your best option. You don't necessarily need to do in-patient. I know that voice very well it is very difficult to silence without outside help. You can do this but you need a plan of action!
