-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wvuls/new_doc_wants_me_to_do_10_day_partial/

I saw a new psychologist today; I was referred to him because I was in the hospital for a panic attack shortly after quitting booze (I'm 3 weeks clean/sober).  ..He did not as I was expecting refer me to a day treatment program for AODA rather he thought a 10 day program (10am-3pm M-F for 2 weeks) for general mental health would be better for me.  ..Cue freak out.  I know my drinking was a problem but meetings are working for me so I actually think AODA treatment is probably not appropriate.  But my father was in and out of the mental hospital for my entire life and still struggles today.  I am terrified that if I start down this path I will end up like him never really getting my shit together always on the verge of falling apart either fucked up on psych meds or drinking heavily or on drugs.  ..I know I am over-reacting.  This is basically just an opportunity to get 5 hours of therapy a day for 2 weeks and I probably do need it.  I get it that I am being offered a chance many people would benefit from and with my insurance it is completely free.  I would be able to just vomit all my bullshit out and possibly learn some really useful ways to re-work my life so that it works better with less anxiety and more comfort in sobriety.  ..And I know I do not like my life right now.  I know I need to change things (like the way I deal with problems my ability and willingness to meet new challenges and take opportunities making sober friends etc.) and I'm not afraid of asking professionals for help and using the tools they give me but this feels just too fucking close to home.  ..I'm already planning on lying to my friends and family about where I am I'll tell them I have a new job (I'm unemployed) ... or maybe I'll just tell them I'm in treatment for the drinking.  They'd believe it.  But I don't want to lie.  Fuck.  I don't know what to do.  
----------immediate responses--------

Just because you were referred to treatment at a mental health clinic does not make you anything like your father. ..If you do NOT start down the path of recovery you will end up going in and out of mental institutions for the rest of your life. That's a reality. We don't get better without help...Meetings are amazing for recovery. But they are not therapy. Therapy is by definition administered help from a professional. Meetings are not chaired my professionals they are run by other alcoholics. Therapy and meetings is  POWERFUL combination...I went to a 10 day treatment program in January (Monday to Friday 8-4). It was amazing. It was free. It was helpful. I told people I was "attending a course" which...wasn't really a lie! My close friends and family knew where I was...Take any chance possible to vomit your bullshit. Vomitting your bullshit to professionals is great too because they can...help replace the lost vomit with positive things...You're not planning on LYING to your friends. But shit you don't need to announce to everyone that you're going to a treatment program. That's your call what you tell people...Deep breath. It is close to home. I know that feeling. My aunt has been in and out of mental hospitals for years and I do not want to be like her. And I am not on that path anymore because I take all the help I can get my hands on. This is a gift my friend take it.
You are right when you say it's an "opportunity"... one that many people cannot afford.  You are fortunate. ..Your reaction seems normal to me. It's understandable to be surprised and a bit panicked initially. However the wisest part of you knows what to do. You deserve a time out to learn and explore. ..Tell your family the truth. You can call it whatever you want but your drinking is not separate from "general mental health". It's all tied up together.  You know what you need. We're not born with sober living skills but they can be learned. The best part is...you are open and willing...You have insight and seem hungry for recovery. Grab on!  Sink into this blessing!  
It seems kinda backwards to think that getting mental help would start you down the same path as your father. I mean you either have a mental problem or you don't right? Going to treatment won't make it worse it will only help things. It know it's scary to think that you might have a mental problem but these things tend to be genetic. Better to get help now than let it go untreated...I know it's easy for me to say without going through it myself but have you given serious thought to telling your family &amp; friends about the real reason you're getting treatment?  They'll probably be a lot more understanding &amp; supportive than you think. If you really do have some sort of mental issue they may already know or at least suspect.  Knowing that you're getting help may help them better understand you &amp; some of your past actions.  It's kinda like getting a free pass for some of that stuff and it might help you to eliminate some of the guilt you might be feeling.  Besides if you ever do the 12 steps you'll end up having to tell them about it anyway.  Their reactions might help you with some denial issues too.  If you tell them about it &amp; they say "Yeah man you've always been a little cra-cra but I didn't want to say anything" it might be just what you need to hear to help your recovery along...Just some thoughts. I'm not an expert or anything. And I certainly don't mean to sound crass or uncaring I just don't know how to talk about this stuff without saying "mental" over &amp; over again.  I suppose I could have skipped the cra-cra part but I was trying to spice things up...Best of luck to you.  This will be a good thing.  Embrace the opportunity.
Do the program. Embrace it. Participate fully in it. Don't lie about it. You don't have to advertise it but don't lie about it. I bet it can do you a lot of good. ..They used to run a public service announcement about mental illness on TV. It showed a severely depressed teen curled up on his bed with voiceovers of family members saying things like "he needs to snap out of it" "he just needs a good kick in the pants". The point was that mental illness is an illness and needs treatment. It isn't a defect of character it isn't you being a fuck-up it is a problem that needs treatment. If you had a knee problem that needed therapy or a kidney problem that needed dialysis would you be considering lying about it and hiding it?
Man I know. =( Sometimes I think I never want to have kids cuz I worry I'm messed up in the head like my dad and I'm just inevitably going to pass it on to someone else. But my dad hurts people and always in the back of my head is the fear I'm going to hurt people and that my future kids will hurt people...You can't drive yourself crazy with that shit. You aren't your dad and your fate isn't written in your genetics. You can change and grow if you want to. Being open honest- honest with yourself most of all- accepting help and putting in the work you can overcome anything and find yourself looking at a better person in the mirror...In Game of Thrones Bran asks his dad "Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?" and his dad says "That is the only time a man can be brave."..So be afraid but don't let it stop you.
