-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/x0xf4/boy_you_two_sure_are_fast_drinkers_if_you_only/

Funny little story I thought I'd share with you guys. It made me laugh and thought you'd get a kick out of it too. Today is also 5 months for me - woo *twirls finger*. For those of you still struggling with alcohol: I couldn't go 5 hours without a drink at the end of my drinking. 5 months was unimaginable to me even at the beginning of my sobriety. But it's been made possible (and rewarding and fun) thanks to the support of other alcoholics both here and in AA that I've reached out to for help. If you're still struggling if you're still on the fence and you have a desire to stop drinking - the best thing I can recommend to you is to ask another alcoholic for help. ..Anyway the story. So I went to Six Flags this past Saturday with two friends from AA. Awesome time. It was only the second time in my life I've ever been on roller-coasters. I can't wait to go back we're already planning a followup trip later this year. A great time was had by all and all without the crippling burden of alcohol preoccupying us and ruining our chance at a good time. I'm discovering it is not only possible but much easier to have fun in sobriety without having to constantly worry about booze - can I drink there? have I had enough? have I had too much? etc etc...After we got back from the park we went out to eat at a local pizza place. Figured we deserved some sloppy delicious greasy pizza and nachos. Ordered up a round of diet coke for the table and dug in. The server came back and filled our soda up again. And then again. The third time she came by to grab the empty glasses she made an innocent remark about "Boy you two sure are fast drinkers!". We had probably killed 3 or 4 refills within a half hour. Being out in the hot sun all day tends to make one thirsty and I still always chug whatever it is I'm drinking - just like I did with the booze. We had to laugh to ourselves after she had left. Three sober alcoholics eating together and getting an otherwise innocent remark about how fast we were drinking. Guess some old habits die hard. We joked about how terrified the poor girl would have felt if she knew the whole story. What would have happened if one of us had said "... Yeah. It's because we're alcoholics." Never would have done that of course but it was good for a laugh. ..Anyway just wanted to share. Like I said it's awesome to be able to have fun in sobriety. If I was still drinking I probably never would have gone to the park in the first place. I've passed up many opportunities like that because drinking was more important to me. I would have seen my friends going off to do something like that on a Saturday as nothing more than a great opportunity to get rip roaring drunk all day without having to feel the shame of needing to hide it from them if they were around. Now I'm free to enjoy things I honestly enjoy again without the constant slavery to drugs and alcohol - and it's great. ..Hope everyone else had a good weekend. Don't drink. It's worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;it is not only possible but much easier to have fun in sobriety without having to constantly worry about booze- can I drink there? have I had enough? have I had too much?..Not only that but I think my biggest worry when I was drinking was where to pee.  I had to pee constantly.  You didn't want to be next to me at a swim-up bar...&gt;What would have happened if one of us had said "... Yeah. It's because we're alcoholics." ..Meh I use this all the time.  For example in long lines at the supermarket.  "Mind if I cut in front of you?  I'm an alcoholic."  It gets results FAST...*Note to our more literal-minded readers:  The above was a joke.*
Wow you just reminded me of an outing my camping group took to Busch Gardens. It was the only theme park we could all agree on because the alkies like me were happy they served beer. Missed more than a couple rides with my kids as I pounded down beers in the "tasting center". Nice.
I still drink everything I drink that way. glug glug glug
good for you for 5 months. Thanks for posting!
