-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/x4li7/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Didn't drink this weekend while I was visting an old friend.  We used to drink together and I was worried about telling him and his wife.  When I did they just said "Oh ok want a diet coke instead?"  I was so relieved...Struggle: I'm having trouble getting back into the grove of exercising.  I used to do it late at night.  I've found that being tired is one of my triggers for drinking so I'm going to be earlier which is leaving less time in the day to get to the gym...General chat: The Dark Knight Rises is a pretty kick ass movie...Enjoy another beautiful sober day!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph:  Handling a new more stressful job better than I expected.  Still having urges after three weeks but handling the RIGHT way (not drinking!) I started a service job opening up a meeting. It's nothing too difficult but important all the same and hoping it leads to more participation/responsibility. Also the kitten I found at the river and my dog are starting to get along quiet well and that's some good entertainment...Struggle:  Dog rolled in shit last night...it was caked all over his collar and he still smells nasty after a bath. Not cool dog not cool.
Triumph:  1 week despite visiting the in-laws in a booze filled beach house.  Struggle:  Getting enough sleep - combination of withdrawl and 7 month old.  General:  Right now I feel that you could put a fully stocked open bar in front of me in a room full of my drinking friends as long as there was ginger ale.  What my mind can't get a grip on however is the thought of never ever enjoying a drink again even in the distant future.
Went to dinner with my dad last night he suggested to go a family restaurant which I was all up for. When we got in the car he asked if I wanted to go some place where we could get a couple drinks. I said no I preferred the family restaurant. I have told him several times in the past I had quit drinking only to drink again. I didn't really want to get into this conversation once again. I don't really want to make a big pronouncement like I had in the past. I just feel like doing my thing and resisting. Hopefully everyone around me will eventually get the hint. Day 10 feels pretty damn good went for a great run in the early morning during a heavy rain storm yesterday morning. Felt really alive. 
Spending the week at my Mom's husband's family's vacation house. Quiet boring peaceful. I'm reading a lot. ..In the past this was a place where I would actually drink like a semi-normal person that is I'd have less than a whole bottle of whiskey at a time as before dinner drinks like 2 or 3 large ones and then stop. I felt some surprisingly powerful twinges of desire to do that again but it wasn't too hard to get oriented to reality: I have given that up because I needed to...Looking forward to doing something other than heading straight to the liquor store when I get home from the airport.
Triumph: Haven't gone apeshit on anyone.  New job/moving stress has been kept to a minimum due to keeping in today and not trying to plan out the future too much...Struggle:  At home with my family for a few days.  They drink a lot and like to ask questions.  Still trying to convince myself to go to a meeting in my hometown.  Found a GLBT one at 7.  I'm not in that category but find most of my friends are so I hope that's okay...General:  My puppy makes me smile like a child.  Pure unadulterated happiness in a ten pound bundle of cells.  Life is good.
Triumph: Small triumph but made me feel good/laugh. I had just gotten home taken my shower poured some tonic water was winding down and my boyfriend calls. His car broke down at a nearby gas station and he needed to be picked up. I have a high paranoia about drinking and driving so I immediately checked in with myself "Have I been drinking?" ...*slow blink*... wait of course I haven't been drinking! I laughed at myself and told him of course I would pick him up. =)..Struggle: I've had a cold for about two weeks straight and it's really wearing me down! But I'm slowly getting better and my spirits are lifting. My biggest struggle right now is resisting cigarettes in my sobriety and I only have a few smoke-free days under my belt but I am trying...General Chat: I'm back into Skyrim and it's as awesome as ever. I can even make this SD related: Lydia stepping into the way of my arrows and shouting at me for shooting her could be a simile for alcoholism.
Triumph: made it to the swimming pool of my university gym. Stood around for a while being awkward before I forced myself to just get in the water. I've never swam laps before but I gave it my best shot. I am really proud of myself for trying something new. I had to keep tamping down the anxiety in my head ("do my goggles look stupid? I'm sure they do that lifeguard is totally laughing at me" repeat with variations) BUT I stuck with it and swam breaststroke until I was worn out. ..Struggle: Getting out of bed this morning. My sleep schedule is completely jacked and I'm tired. BUT I think my exercise habit that I am slowly trying to built will help with that. ..Happy Wednesday everyone!..
What up Wednesday!..Triumph: made it through my doctor's visit got my blood results back. It turns out I'm in near perfect health! Liver is on the way back cholesterol blood sugar PSA all in the normal to awesome range. I have gallstones and may possibly have a weird liver disorder but neither of them needs to be addressed until they become a problem. And to think; all these years I had assumed I had a crazy disease that was going to kill me one day. Turns out that was just me doing that...Struggle: had a craving last night. Sort of came from out of nowhere and frankly surprised me. Rather than ignore it or tell myself that it was under control I shared with the missus we talked about it a little and soon enough it had passed. Let that be a lesson to everyone; don't keep things like that to yourself!..Hope everyone has a happy and sober hump day and a wonderful end to the week. Keep doing the next right thing buddies.
Triumph:  Revamped the assembly line of some old art projects I had lying around collecting dust.  Hope to be caught up by week's end.  It's amazing what you can get done at night when you're not drunk...Struggle:  Relapse last weekend; went to a wedding that had an open bar.  Badge reset...Cheers from Alabama!
