-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xac0f/drink_too_frequently_but_it_never_causes_problems/

I drink just about every day. Usually a 6 pack after work and a 12 pack on Saturday and Sunday. It hasn't really caused any problems as far as embarrassment blackouts hangovers etc. but I need to cut back and I'm finding it's not easy. I'll get on a health kick frequently and work out 4x/week and drink maybe 3 times per week but after a month or two I'm back to my old ways. I think I mainly drink to alleviate stress. When I start working out a lot I think that takes care of the stress instead of the drinking. Grabbing beer on the way home from work is just a faster way to deal with it than working out. Most everything I read about drinking is for people who have more of a physical addiction than I do so I'm not sure what to do. I see a lot about seeing a doctor but it seems like that's just to get benzodiazepines to help with withdrawal which isn't an issue for me. I see a psychiatrist for ADD once a month and I'm thinking about bringing it up but I didn't know what to expect from it. Did anybody have some insight for me? I realize my problem is insignificant compared to many people with alcohol problems but it's been a struggle for me for a while.
----------immediate responses--------

I was a high bottom drunk.   I drank 6-8 beers every night for years and remained "functional".  With me it was definitely a coping mechanism and I' hearing some of that in your story.  I drank for that immediate sense of ease and comfort.  I still had money a job friends but I was definitely an alcoholic and it was causing problems.  I typically drank alone I would cancel on plans if it affected my ability to drink I would think about having that drink for most of the day and the worst part I felt completely spiritually devoid inside.  ..Eventually it got to the point where I couldn't live like that any more and went to seek help.  My tipping point was my birthday and I was drinking alone with the blinds closed waiting for the inevitable calls from family members to talk to me and trying to concentrate really hard on not slurring my words and sounding drunk.  That opened my eyes because all of a sudden I realized that that's not how normal people celebrate their birthdays.  At any rate I received four wonderful years in sobriety where life became better than I could have previously imagined.  I made a silly mistake a couple months ago but I'm back on track and I know what awaits me ahead. ..I'm not saying this is you but maybe that would offer some insight. 
[deleted]
Why do you feel you need to cut back on your drinking? ..Something to keep in mind is that a person could only have two drinks a year and still have a problem with alcohol. It isn't necessarily about how much or how often a person drinks. It isn't necessarily about how severe their problems are. It's about whether or not their drinking causes problems and yet they continue to drink anyway. ..To me the only thing you've said which indicates an issue is that you are having a difficult time cutting back. That and the fact that you even want to cut back. ..So why do you want to cut back?
Alcohol was never my problem - but I didn't see that until too late...What alcohol was was *my solution to my problems* stress being one of the big ones...Take away my problem life gets better; take away my *solution* to problems life gets a lot worse...No wonder I had such a hard time trying to control my drinking...What I needed to find was new solutions to my problems and for me those solutions were in the 12 steps of AA...A drastic last-ditch solution to be sure but it worked for me..."We admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable."..Take the word 'alcohol' out of AA's first step and replace it with stress my job doctors family etc. and you get the idea...This was the realization for me - alcohol was but a symptom of my problems because I had assigned alcohol the job of mitigating my problems and it wasn't working as planned.  ..Over time the ineffectiveness of my solution became the major cause of my loss of health emotional well-being and productivity; until in desperation I turned to AA...Once I sought new solutions to my problems the craving for alcohol as a release from my misery abated.
If it's not causing problems then why are you posting here or trying to cut back? It sounds like a contradiction...It seems complicated but it's really not. Is alcohol- overall- improving your quality of life or making it worse? Can you cut back? If not why not? Being unable to stop or slow down even though you want to is the root of the problem- for everyone- from the people with their lives in shreds to the people still holding their jobs and accomplishing their goals...It's no different to me if I wanted to stop at 4 and drank 5 or if I wanted to stop at 4 and drank 15. It's no different to me because I spent so much time trying to moderate that the distinction is meaningless. My boyfriend can stop whenever he wants. He can stop in the middle of a beer or before he even starts a beer. He doesn't spend the rest of the night thinking about it. It's not a struggle for him. I so wanted to drink like him- "take it or leave it"- but I realized I couldn't. I just couldn't manage that cavalier attitude no matter how many ways I tried. So instead I ceased the struggle. Alcohol didn't have to cause life-altering problems to bring me grief. Alcohol was a pain in the ass all by itself.
I should also mention that I didn't really think the amount of drinking I do was a big deal but I have been told by two different doctors that it is.
