-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xaq2e/my_attempt_yesterday_to_be_a_normal_person/

So yesterday I woke up and was so sick of tired of being an alcoholic. I was so sick and tired of having to do certain things everyday to stay on a baseline where I felt I was comparable to other people's level of functioning...I thought FUCK IT today I will not read my daily meditation books and do what a normal person would do...I went to a meeting hated everyone and everything in it and told my sponsor it was a bad meeting. She let me talk. Then she bought me a milkshake...I went home and started thinking about how my behaviour was totally setting me up for relapse. I wasn't being open honest or willing...I had two realizations...1. Comparing myself to other people is just another way I stay sick. I have no idea what is going on in their inner lives I have no idea what those people do everyday to stay productive mainly because I have never asked!..2. Normal people probably do what they need to do to get themselves through a day. And therefore if I wanted to be a normal person (whatever that means) it DEFINITELY means that I need to do the things that help me through MY day. ..So I read my daily reflections/meditations. I realized that I hadn't taken my medicine that day yet (talking being honest open willing doing the things I need to do)...Then I had a better day. I felt ME again. Me is working recovery helping others being honest being open and being willing...Just a little tid bit...Edit: I got a job today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this VE. I could use a little reminding of this simple fact myself some days. Be well kiddo.
Congratulations on your own growth and sincerity. Very inspiring!..Someone who I deeply respect told me something that really helped me..."everyone is always doing the best they possibly can all of the time"..It's helped me anyway. [Here is a post I did a while back on stopping negative thoughts in case you're interested.](http://www.joyiswithinyou.com/stop-negative-thoughts/)..Peace.
&gt;Edit: I got a job today!..Congratulations. It pays to be sober.
[deleted]
Yay grats all around!!  ;D
I like your spunk!  It's evident in your story and comments. ..You expressed what many of us feel at one time or another. Having a chronic disease is a bummer but I'd choose alcoholism over diabetes. I've worked with many people who have both and it's not easy to manage. ..Not having ADHD would be my "perfect normal"...Your post reminded me of these favorites quotes:   ..* "The only normal people are the one's you don't know very well.". -Alfred Adler..*  I don't do normal. I have a reputation to uphold.  -Joan Bauer..*  Short is short.and Tall is Tall.You are what you are.That is All! ..*  The only people who can have normal are the ones unaffected by all the fucked-up shit that happens around them.  - Curran
[deleted]
&gt;Comparing myself to other people is just another way I stay sick...Couldn't be more true for me as well.  When I finally realized this I was physically separated from alcohol because that's what the judge &amp; my family knew had to happen for me to have any chance at recovery.  I realized it doesn't matter if I drank less/more or had any less/more consequences because of my drinking.  At some point it ceased being a luxury and was a necessity for me to function...What you went through IS completely normal for somebody with our disease - you made a great decision by contacting your sponsor and recognizing these behavior patterns as separating you from others therefore setting you up for relapse...Thanks for sharing this and congrats on your new job!
There is some good news. You got a milkshake.
The real lesson here:  Drink more milkshakes...Duly noted..
Congrats on the job!
Youre awesome!
Awesome-sauce!  I love your shares.  You forgot one more thing tho:..(3.  Decided to run my life on self-will again and managed to drive it into the ground really quickly for that day.  Subsequently decided not to play the director role again and rather play the actor.  ;)..Also congrats on the job!!
Nice post thanks for driving home the fact that we all need to do what helps us...I know I can drive myself insane trying to figure out what everyone's internal monologue is saying.  But that's not my job.  My job is to make sure my internal monologue is ticking along at a healthy pace without too many detours into fucked up alcoholic thought land.  And all I can do is my best...Hope you're having a good day today.
Normal people get to enjoy being a part of the crowd it's nice for the pressure to be let up a little...I like to go to a movie alone if I want to disappear for a time. It's similar to losing time by blacking out except I get to skip all the health problems...congrats on the job!
&gt; a normal person (whatever that means)..Ah. Your story is great and congratulations for overcoming that frightening bad spell but please forgive me as I take the liberty to sigle out that phrase as profund ;-)..I also feel that your sponsor's composure must be commended....Congratulations for your job. Have you experienced workig sober before ? I've just realized it's easier.
&gt; Comparing myself to other people is just another way I stay sick. ..I have this idea of "most people" and then there's me. I know that's just an illusion though. I'm not that different from all the other people on this planet. It's no easy task to stop comparing myself to others and feeling inferior or superior but I'm working on it. 
