-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xhn49/i_am_right_in_the_middle_of_disaster/

I just woke up after missing work at the tail end of a 5 day relapse. I do not know how I have been getting home I do not know where I have been and I have not eaten in days. The worst thing is that I am tempted to go drink again. I really need someone to talk to. Anyone want to share a story?
----------immediate responses--------

I have a story. It's about a really sick girl who blacked out for three days didn't remember anything started drinking again and then almost died when she fell asleep in a river...Go to detox. I don't care how much it costs and how you're going to miss work. Your brain just shut off for almost five days and was on automatic pilot without your knowledge...It gets worse. Just when you think it couldn't...Get help today. Call your local AA hotline or a detox center. This is serious...Edit: ps I care about you that's why I am being straight up.
http://webchat.snoonet.com/?channels=%23stopdrinking..Come chat with us.
Take care of basics Mark. Get some food. Get some water. Eat and drink slowly and chill out for a minute...Get help. Figure it out. This is not the time to be concerned about your job or anything else but this. If you could figure out how to get to and fro thus far you can get yourself to some sort of meeting or treatment facility.
Hey man similar thing happened to me a few days ago. I was sober for almost 3 months and I thought it's managable now. Turns out it isn't I was as screwed up as ever in a matter of few days lost control before I realized what's going on. It felt good at the time I felt great! I could do anything it was like I was 20 again! And then came the next morning and with it horror despising myself and all. ..I went to the chat here yesterday thinking that this place has helped me before maybe I should return. And here I am again. Thanks guys for reminding me that I am not the mistake I have done.
Just over 3 years ago I was in a foreign country (still am) didn't speak the language was out of work and suicidal...I called an ambulance and committed myself to a mental hospital. I don't recommend you do this (unless you are suicidal) but I do recommend that you ASK FOR HELP...If necessary ask your work for help. Maybe tell them the situation..But get help from somebody and STOP DRINKING. It is much more difficult to help someone who is drunk...-Best Paul..EDIT: You could ring your EMBASSY for help/advice.
Listen to me buddy:  If you don't deal with this you're going to suffer some very serious consequences very soon.  Do you have a Skype handle?  If it's not anonymous and you are uncomfortable outing yourself can you create a new one and share it?
Just checking in this morning hope you're doing ok 7 hours later... how are things going?  
You know you are strong buddy you know you can do it
Remember when you thought maybe you should go back home to the States and get some help? Have you given that any more thought?
I've worked as an expat for many years and the mix of being an invulnerable drunk in Neverland and the boredom and frustration that can come with living overseas are very dangerous. The good thing is that there is almost always an AA meeting nearby. It may be small and informal but it will provide people you can talk with. If you do not see one listed for your country contact a group in the country closest to you. They may know of a group that is in your country but not listed. Also check out online chat groups - there are many of these so search around for one that works. Good luck!
