-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xqaq3/back_on_the_wagon/

I was just about 6 months sober when I moved from the suburbs of Philly to Atlantic City (mini Vegas) for a summer internship.  I got there with no intentions to start drinking again.  Once I got my internship hours at the casino I found out I'd be working nights.  I wasn't able to make any AA meetings stopped calling people back home and was surrounded by alcohol and constant partying at the casino.  I guess I got jealous of being constantly surrounded by people partying and drinking all the time so I decided to see if I was *really* an alcoholic.  I started drinking again and surprisingly I *was* able to moderate.  Since I started drinking again I've gone out around 10 times...never having more then 2-4 drinks.  However I don't think that would last long.  I realized it was the reason I wanted to drink (pain) was the problem.  2-4 beers just wasn't satisfying me and I knew eventually I would have a case of the fuck-its.  I wanted to get fucked up...  At 21 years old I am an alcoholic.  Why I even thought it was okay to drink was beyond me.  I've blacked out tons of times got arrested passed out on a city bench spent tons of money on alcohol was almost a daily drinker once and just way too man negatives came from drinking yet I thought I wasn't that bad.  It also runs in my genes...I'm glad nothing bad happened during my relapse.  I'm lucky I suppose.  I am back re-committed to sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back tmag. It's great you realized this at this point in your life and didn't have to fuck up decades of it before you did something about it.
There's always room on the wagon. Glad you're aboard. 
Sounds like a rational mature decision. I applaud you for your insight and commitment. Keep it up and keep checking in with us when you can. 
Welcome back friend! You've made a very smart decision IMHO. :-)
Wow I can't believe you only had 2-4. Even as I sit here and think about how much I love being sober I think if I'm gonna relapse/slip I'm gonna get blasted. And that folks is how I know I'm an alcoholic. Welcome back man.
Thanks for coming back.
Welcome back. I did that same thing the last time I relapsed. Smart move to realize your sobriety is more important than being able to relive parts of that past life...I keep having my inner drunk tell me that someday I will be past this and be able to drink in moderation (never have before but that is how the big lie works for us I suppose). Posts like yours help me remember that I can only move forward if I want the life I dream of and any drinking of any type is only a quick trip backwards for me.
