-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xuzuk/my_struggle_and_also_looking_for_advice_for/

 I have had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol since I was 14. I started drinking at home when my parents would go out for dinner. I would just mix a little of everything that was in the liquor cabinet and drink it with cola. One of the first few times I drank I was found passed out naked on my floor and would not wake up. My parents took me to the hospital. This was over ten years ago and they bring it up a couple of times a year to me and tell me how thankful I should be since I was so close to death that night. I did not drink for awhile after that (a year maybe?). In college I thought it was normal to drink until blacking out on a regular basis 2-3 times a week. I lived dangerously during those years. I was broke and I would throw myself at any man to get them to buy me drinks. It was not a big deal to me to sleep with a stranger during those years. I never had time for a healthy relationship because alcohol already had my heart and all my time..I now have a boyfriend so I no longer sleep around. I've been out of college a few years and I thought my drinking would naturally taper off. I find myself making many excuses to drink. My small social life is based around drinking. A month ago I lost my full time job (company went out of business) which sent me on a binge but then I came to and managed to go almost 3 weeks without a drink. I felt great like I had a new attitude towards my life. I had energy to take walks and play tennis and other things I like but rarely did before since it was easier to sit in front of the tv and drink. I also quit smoking. I had a sober family member visiting during that time who supported me. After they left I felt that I could handle going to a bar for a friend's birthday party. I had a couple beers and was able to stop without getting plastered. I felt like I had changed and I was then able to drink "normally." The day after what I considered a successful evening at the bar I drank alone. I drank enough to be hungover so I decided to try and stop again. That didn't last. Normally my boyfriend is home to support positive choices but he is currently away on business. I only have a few friends who live here and they are all drinkers. Last night was my first night alone. Yesterday after work I stopped to get a case of beer with the intention of having two or three. I bought cheap beer and it tasted gross. Instead of putting it down I decided to shot gun my three beers and then I wouldn't deal with the taste for so long and I would get a nice little buzz by drinking them fast. It started tasting good by my third beer so I drank more but not shotgun. I blacked out for hours and when I woke up this morning I saw that I drank all 12. That is a big binge for me. I usually black out around my 7th or 8th drink (depending on how fast). In my blackout I drunkenly messaged about 10 people on facebook. I feel so ashamed. I spent the whole morning vomiting bile and dry heaving. I didn't go or call in to work. I currently only work a few hours a week and can choose when I go in so this is not a big deal but I was planning on going today. Another reason I tell myself it's OK to drink because I don't have to get up early any more to go to work. With this binge fresh in my mind I feel fairly confident that I can go a few days without giving in to a craving. .The thing I'm most worried about is going to a wedding in a couple weeks. The last wedding I went to was a few years ago. I drank until black out and made a fool of myself with slurred speech. A few family members commented to me that I seemed drunk. Not to mention the morning after that wedding I hosted a baby shower and was very obviously hungover. .It feels good to share. Many people close to me don't know I have a problem. I'm scared to tell too many people in my life about it because judgement from them. I would like to abstain from any alcohol since it's a very slippery slope for me once I tell myself it's ok to just have one..I'm here looking for any kind of support. I'm also looking for advice for how to handle people offering you alcohol at a wedding. I have a reputation to enjoy drinking so it will be noticed if I don't drink.  I don't want people to think that the reason I'm not drinking is because I'm pregnant. A large portion of my family will be there. I'm thinking I will try to stay close to the person who recently visited me and is not a drinker. I have expressed a very small bit of my issue with alcohol to them. Some of my family might try to talk me into having a drink with them. (I think they have issues with drinking too but have gone unaddressed) .Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi..Yes there is nothing like sharing with others who have had the same struggles and who understand. It's what's kept me sober these last months; it makes all the difference in the world. ..You seem like you're realizing relatively early on in the game that you have an inability to control your drinking once you start and that it may be better to not drink at all. It sounds so simple when I say it like that but as you know it's pretty hard to come to that decision and stick to it. ..A couple of thoughts as to the wedding:..Sticking close to the sober family member sounds like a good idea. ..You can walk around with a glass of club soda and ice everyone thinks you have a drink they leave you alone. That only works if there is liquor I guess. ..The standard advice for newly sober people who feel they must attend an event with a lot of drinking is to make sure you have your own transportation and can just leave if it gets to be too much to handle.  Furthermore you can tell people that you are driving and aren't drinking tonight. ..All of those things I mentioned are totally short-term ideas to just deal with the wedding. You're eventually going to have to figure out how to tell your family that you've decided to stop drinking if you choose to do that. That's something that is stressful for many people. Is it possible that you are letting your worries about how to do that increase your anxiety about the wedding? It seems to me that they are separate things - you can not drink at the one event without spilling your guts to everyone about your entire situation...Anyway good luck with the event and with everything. I hope you stick around and read through some threads and talk to some people here. There are a lot of very nice helpful people here who have been through some serious experiences with alcohol and fighting to overcome it.
Hi IceTeaPlease. Thanks for posting your story...If I was you I wouldn't even be thinking about the wedding right now. You say that's in a couple of weeks so it's not worth bothering yourself with right now...You say you feel confident you can go without drinking "a few days." Speaking from personal experience I don't think that confidence is going to hold you. You've got to have a plan...You don't say how old you are so I'm not sure how long or how much you've been drinking but you might want to speak with your doctor for help getting detoxed. It's a very not fun process and can sometimes even be dangerous so any help you can get should be taken...Are you able to find an AA meeting? Quitting is tough enough but staying sober takes a lot of help from others. AA is full of people who have stories just like yours and who know what it's like. Even if you decide you don't want to do the meetings you might still meet someone you want to talk to...I hope you're able to get a better hold of this. This group is a great place to keep talking to people about stopping. Look around at all the threads here. Check out all those badges. If we can quit so can you.
My life (sobriety) is more important that anyone else's opinions or expectations of me.  ..
You can use the wedding as a way of telling your self "If I can get through this then I get through anything!" So that way it is more of an accomplishment or a challenge than something to fear. Also another way of preventing a disaster is just let loose have fun dance eat cake. Don't sit at the wedding panicking or overanalyze but have so much fun that you say to yourself "why would i even want alcohol?"
