-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/y5nqz/thoughts_on_hitting_the_2_month_mark_the_good_the/

Today marks the 60th day of my sobriety and I wanted to take a moment to look back and identify some of the challenges successes and general things I have had to deal with over the past couple of months.  Since you guys have been my support group through all of this I figure that a post here would be the most appropriate forum...Enumerated in no particular order:..1.  The first week was tough.  Although I didn't really experience an intense detox I could definitely feel the withdrawal symptoms acting up for several days after I stopped.  I think I was posting here maybe twice a week during that time and I got a lot of support.  That was some of the toughest time for me and I'm glad I found this sub to help me through it...2. I repeat my personal decision to stop drinking on a daily basis to myself.  In fact I repeat it constantly.  There are so many reasons to stop drinking that it becomes hard to count them all but it became important for me to reiterate very simply every day that it was my decision to quit drinking and that it was and continues to be a *very good* decision...3.  I still have cravings and urges to drink.  I don't expect them to disappear but they have become manageable and I have become more and more able the urges for what they are: my alcoholic brain responding to circumstances and other triggers that used to make me drink.  I have however been able to strengthen the rational part of my thinking that acknowledges these urges and sees the truth of the matter that the cravings are just conditioned responses and I am stronger than that.  When faced with strong cravings or urges I'm getting better at saying to myself "Really brain? You know better than that." ..4.  My depression and anxiety have not gone away nor to I expect them to immediately and magically vanish as a result of my abstinence from alcohol.  I'm working with a therapist and I'm on medication for those things but now that I have removed the huge obstacle of alcohol from the picture a strategy for dealing with the bigger issues is becoming clearer.  It's still hard.  It's still really damn hard.  My best comparison has been to climbing a mountain: Without alcohol at least I'm putting one foot in front of the other climbing the mountain on a real definite path noting my progress following the map and seeing results.  When I was drinking I was just stumbling around the base of the mountain lost in the woods.  I saw the summit through the trees every once in a while and faced with a seemingly impossible goal I took the easy way out and continued to wander around aimlessly hoping to find the path but not really making any progress.  No one ever gets to the top of a mountain by walking in circles...5.  I have lost weight.  20 pounds in fact.  Now I'm not crediting the fact that I stopped drinking with all of this of course but it has helped.  Cutting out those extra thousand or so calories a day is a great way to help out a big diet change...6.  My social life has suffered.  I work in an industry where after work functions often involve alcohol and lots of it.  For fear of sliding back in to my old patterns I have missed a lot of these evenings.  It has been a bummer and hopefully I can make more constructive steps to attending social events without alcohol but right now it's better for me to abstain altogether.  I would rather miss a few "good times" than travel back down the spiral to self destruction...7.  Friends and colleagues have been surprisingly supportive.  I never would have expected such a great outpouring of support from friends family and a few close colleagues with whom I shared my struggle.  Getting over the mental block that I "couldn't tell anyone" was crucial for me and that started right here in SD by reaching out to a group of internet strangers for help.  Surprising how powerful this has been for me.....8.  It's not over by a long shot.  This is something I know I'm going to have to come to terms with being a permanent change.  I'll have challenges in the future and I'll need support.  But life without alcohol is worth the struggle and worth the commitment.  It might be tough at times but I'm in it for the long haul...Thanks for reading and thanks for your support SD.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job!  I'm coming up on a month and feeling oh so much better.  It's really weird to have to break habits.  Yesterday we stopped for some things and to use the cash back thing at my local CVS.  I walked straight past the counter towards the booze isle then remembered.  I'm having to retrain myself to do certain things.  Surfing handwriting throwing a football...most of it didn't take long...As a life long surfer I am very good at it (toot toot).  After checking into detox and being released I went surfing for the first time in about 2 weeks...I could barely stand up let alone tear shit up.  "OH FUCKING NO!" went through my head as this happened the first 3 waves I caught.  Surfing is and has been my favorite thing to do on this earth and I had spent close to 20 years to get to the level I was at so this was devastating...After my first few waves it started coming back quickly.  It would work in my brain but my body was flailing.  It's tough to explain...I was a very heavy drinker so I actually drank to feel normal before.  Now it's like I am clumsier sober than I was when drinking...Like I said it's coming back quickly but it sucks to think that's how far I let it get...Congrats to you myself and all those that know what it's like and decided to change it.  :)
[deleted]
Wow great post. I like your analogy about the mountain. Reflecting on my first 4 months I would say that was exactly what it was like. It sounds like you are doing everything in your power to stay sober have a better life.  From someone who has over 10 months sober: It gets easier. It gets so much better. Now I would describe my life as more rolling hills and not so many mountains. Something to look forward to :) 
