-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/y9dt1/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!.Triumph: I'm on vacation and haven't had a drink.  It feels weird doing things on a trip and not just drinking..Struggle: Now that I'm sober I'm starting to feel and realize certain things like I hate traveling.  I'm out of town and all I want to do is get home and read play video games jog and see family.  Plus the friend I'm traveling with keeps bugging me out not drinking and how much coffee I drink..General chat: I need coffee..Have another great sober day!
----------immediate responses--------

Sober for a week. Feeling great. Just today when my colleagues invited me to a beer festival next week I explained that I wasn't drinking "at the moment". I was going to make up some excuse... *I'm on antibiotics* but instead just told the truth. I've decided it's easier for me to drink nothing at all than to drink sensibly. They already knew about [this story](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xvcs9/my_weirdest_scenario_after_drinking/)...Happy Wednesday all you awesome people.
Greetings from the most ridiculously beautiful [vacation spot](http://i.imgur.com/jMLe4.jpg) I've ever seen. I'm currently overlooking a gorgeous Pacific coast from an open patio three stories up. This is not my beautiful house...No idea what the next week or so holds for me. Tomorrow I'm going to try to find an English-speaking AA meeting; we'll see how that goes. 
Happy Hump Day! You're going to love one part of a sober vacation - you actually get all your days instead of losing a few. On my recent summer vacation I was happy to find that I actually had a last day to spend doing stuff. Previously I would have been too hung over because hey it would have been my last night. Led to a very stressful an unpleasant last day...Anyway back to school time here so the family's trying to get back in the swing of things. So far so good and I know Mrs. SoFlo is going to enjoy having them out of the house. ..Have a great day everyone.
Triumph:  Anniversary dinner at a nice romantic restaurant.  Ginger ale went fine with the food..Struggle:  I really don't want to talk to my wife about quitting.  She brings it up at the worst possible times how she's glad to have her husband back.  I'd rather just have a high five and move on..General:  I'm reading through the AA big book and finding some weird stuff.  Example:  In the chapter about alcoholism they make a hard distinction between Alcoholics who have lost everything and alcoholics who just know they have a problem but haven't hit bottom.  It seems dismissive toward the second type.  At a meeting I brought it up and after an older AA came up to me to say that years ago AA turned away folks who hadn't lost it all telling them to come back when they hit bottom.  She referred me to a "Beginner Big Book" meeting that apparently helps newbies navigate the archaic language and apparent contradictions.  My reaction:  Oh for cryin' out loud AA has bible study?!
I'm also on vacation and got woken up early by a thunderstorm this morning. I got up to take a leak and suddenly had the most visceral memory from last summer vacation of waking up dry heaving fumbling to get some vodka hidden in the bathroom and that awful stale-sour taste of simultaneous relief and defeat that only people like us know. Rinse and repeat all day. Flashback over I plopped back into bed and just listened to the patter of the rain the only soreness in my body due to a good workout yesterday and couldn't help but smile myself back to sleep. What a difference a year makes and damn am I glad to be sober!..Hope everyone else's week is going well and clean!
4 weeks sober yesterday.  Feeling better looking better eating better surfing more often.  Happy Hump Day.
Turning into lousy week at work.....had one escapist desire for drinking but I handled it like the other ones. No not today I don't do that anymore and here's why I am better off....it worked fine..I checked out the IRC chat last night (finally) it was fun. Let's see I hit 9 months recently. 36 weeks x  oh say 2.5 bottles of whiskey a week = 90 x 750 ml = 67.5 liters of booze NOT drunk since last November. That's a lot of liquor! What the hell was I thinking?
It's been an interesting "almost 16 days" of sobriety.  My girlfriend nearly kicked me out yesterday morning.  I was just about ready to leave and the only thought going through my brain was to get to a convenience store to buy booze.  I calmed down and calmed her down.  We both took the day off from work and worked on our relationship.  She's taken a backseat since I got into the program and isn't very happy about it.  She appreciates me not being a drunken asshole anymore but I caused a lot of damage when I was drunk.  If we're going to make it work (we both want to make it work) then it's going to take some work.  I have to rid myself of any resentment towards her (for acting as a catalyst in my sobriety mainly).. .One thing that I've been hearing a lot lately is not to make any big changes in the first year of your sobriety as this could act as a trigger.  Well yeah no kidding.  A bug hitting my windshield is a trigger for me.  I have tunnel vision when it comes to my selfishness and sometimes I don't give a shit about finding and hitting a new bottom so long as I'm hammered when I get there.  I have a lot of work to do and it's good that I have new friends and acquaintances that I can contact when I get in these moods.  They understand these cravings and know how to get through the next 24 hours one minute at a time if necessary.. .Other than that I have to go to the doc today as I caused some serious damage with the drinking.  I want to get back into the gym but it's going to take some time before I can do anything other than walking.. .Happy Wednesday and stay sober guys..
31 days was in a few situations last weekend that might have resulted in partaking of booze but I resisted. Had strategies worked out in my head beforehand and that helped a lot. Getting easier as time goes by but not forgetting what would happen if I were to go there again.
Triumph: 3 weeks sober the other day longest I've gone since age 18.  Quit my job in the alcohol business (quitting booze and working with it everyday isn't the best) and got a job with food which I love.  Struggles:  Just because I'm not drinking doesn't mean bad things can't happen to me.  ...More coffee.  Always.
Hey! Tonight (Wednesday night) spending time talking with my wife studying my french lessons I might go for a walk or run at the gym too...I have soooooo much time for activities now that I'm not blasted and passed out by 7pm!
Eventful week. Saw my dad for the first time since his chemo. Helped him unload some crap from a storage locker. It included letters I had written to him 30 years ago when I was a teenager. I now know that I need to go back to him and do some more amends. I was just a kid but I was already consumed by selfishness and self-centered thinking. .I guess I am grateful that I get to do it now before it is too late but it is sure hard to look back on a lifetime of wreckage and face up to it. .Trying to better today. Working with my sponsor and now a sponsee. Chairing my Thursday Chapter Nine meeting with the missus. The quote i want to expound on is "Henry Ford once made a wise remark that experience is the thing of supreme value in life." I don't know who said it but I've also heard that experience is what helps you make good decisions and what you get from making bad decisions. (If you know who said that please provide the source?) ..Anyway if that is true I am way more experienced than I ever wanted to be. Remembering that I do not want to make any more bad decisions if I can help it is going to keep me sober today..
Struggle: After going weeks or even months at a time without even thinking about drinking I'm down to taking it one day at a time even hour by hour the last couple of days. Right now not drinking is a major struggle...Triumph: I've finally recognized that drinking is a symptom of a much larger problem (for me) and I can't fix that problem alone. I am seeing a psychologist - tomorrow! I'm both elated and terrified. ..Triumph2: 14 days on the badge despite several near-nervous breakdowns and panic attacks!
A friend in recovery is visiting for the week and we've been been to three meetings in three days. These have been my first meetings and I think I'll continue to go after she leaves. It also turns out that two co-workers that I get along with very well attend regularly. I think I will continue with AA after she leaves as it's been a positive experience so far.
I've walked 7 miles each of the last two days to try and wear myself out. Still falling asleep around 4 am. It's okay though. It helps me feel less depressed/anxious; I just hope the knees ankles achilles and feet hold up. Because I really fucking need this exercise. Hehe. So far so good. Been reading a lot of the posts in here for motivation on why staying sober is so important. There are lots of great people around here. I normally don't feel this way about reddit in general. Guess you have to look in the right places. 
