-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yf7a5/ive_got_a_serious_problem_with_understanding_the/

At first i want to congratulate everyone here with their "one day" "one month" abstinence. This is great start. I've tried to do this twice. I took 30 days therapies with group psychology meetings twice a week. One month at first was the scariest ammount of time without alcohol for me. It seems like a year.... second time it was really easy. My mind was focused on my work and i didn't even had any urge to dring during the weekends (!)...But this is it... i still believe that i am able to control my drinking. That i can limit this to weekend beer parties or casual birthdays...The truth is i am struggling with alcohol urge everyday. Since i wake up (just like this very moment) till i get to sleep. I am dealing with this and i learn many ways to "find" this motherfucker. I know the addiction's voice in my head so much that i can recognize when it's talking to me or when it's just my sober consciousness...Anyway here is the **TL;DR**:..I can't do this "last step". I don't believe that i need to live in abstinence to fight this addiction. My head is still talking to me that i can control it...How do you deal with this?..I'm sorry "one month" guys but this is a question to "veterans" here ;)..Best of luck for all of you!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry I didn't bother reading all your post...Total abstinence.  That is the only way for you now.
I'm newly sober myself but I will say that the urges are fading the longer I stay away from drinking. Drinking even sporadically only made them worse. It's sort of like trying to put out a fire by letting it just just die down on its own compared to blowing on it every couple minutes. For me a big part of the 'why' of abstinence is that I truly believe that there is a much more fulfilling life in store for me without alcohol. It makes it easier to turn down a weekend beer for the sake of the larger goal of being a better person and living the right way...I also think a 'how' answer could help. Abstinence viewed as a monolithic 'forever' is pretty scary. But it's similar to how you'd tackle any seemingly monumental task: by breaking it down into more manageable pieces. Specifically for me that amounts to just setting a goal as soon as I wake up that I will do what it takes to not drink today because today (not yesterday not tomorrow) is what I have control over. That makes abstinence seem more manageable and less scary even if I know it's for the long haul.
As long as your head is telling you that you can control it your life is in danger. Of course for lots of alcoholics that isn't news or even particularly important. But it's real. Certainly I played Russian roulette this way many times not only with my own life but with that of others given that I drove drunk more than once. Lots more...The only way I have been able to deal with that insane thinking was (and is) to go to AA. Listening to other people talking with them and telling them what I was thinking -- that was the surest way to break through my denial a little bit at a time. ..The bad news is that most people with alcoholism die from it. The good news is that you don't have to. It is possible to stop and stay stopped and to lead a decent happy life. ..Edit because I need more than one cup of coffee before posting here I really do.
Tell your addict to shut up.  It's what is telling you that you can control your drinking.  Sometimes you can tell the difference but at first it can be hard to separate "it's" thinking from your own.  ..It may be safer to just assume that any thought that makes drinking sound good or okay or any other kind of rationalization comes from your addict...At first it's a pretty strong voice - you've been listening to it for however long.  But it does fade with time.  Mine still tries to sneak in once in awhile but it's pretty rare these days.
What's the evidence like that you can control your drinking? Be honest.
For me this is all wrapped up in my firm belief that yes I am an alcoholic. An alcoholic would have to be stupid to pick up the first drink since they literally don't know where they'll end up beyond that. Therefore I never pick up the first drink...I've watched a lot of people drink and if I'm honest with myself I know full well that I'm not like them. They can have one beer and stop; i can't. When there's no more beer in the house they just say 'oh well' instead of trying to figure out where to procure alcohol immediately or getting pissed off for the lack of sensible planning. They don't plan their days around getting shitfaced. They don't hide in their homes because that's the only place they can get 'real' drinking done...I get weirded out from time to time but not much anymore. I have cravings but cravings are just feelings and I know that feelings always pass. There probably was a time when I could have put the brakes on and ended up a moderate drinker but those days are gone now. I accept that fact because I have no choice. Delusion isn't an option for me...I quit once and god willing that's going to be enough for me. I don't need any further proof of what sort of drinker I am. I've watched others relapse long enough to see that 100% of them go right back to where they were or worse. That's proof enough for me.
Alcohol must be causing serious problems. Otherwise there wouldn't be attempts to stop drinking. The term "abstinence" raises red flags. Being raised Catholic it has connotations of sacrifice and denial. For me not drinking means living!..After a few thousand days in recovery I'm a veteran. My relationship with alcohol started out as a love affair. It brought relaxation sleep fun friends and escape. Then slowly warning signs problems in the relationship.  But as in any love affair I minimized explained made excuses. I turned myself inside-out to hang onto it. I did not want to stop drinking. I did not want the relationship to end. I did not want to accept the betrayal. ..Alcoholism runs in my family. Witnessing Dad's alcoholism as a child I said "This will never happen to me!"  But damn!  One morning sweating trembling trying to put makeup on to go to work I caught my eyes in the mirror. In a moment of fearful anger I said aloud "You've got a problem." ..Still I fought it for months. I researched read went to counseling "NO NOT ME!"  The book *Under the Influence* by Ketchum had a profound impact; my understanding of alcoholism and what was happening to my body and soul brought me to acceptance. The relationship with alcohol was a love affair gone bad. ..I was blessed. My body was physiologically addicted meaning if alcohol was not in my system 24/7 withdrawal hit me hard. My job children and life were in jeopardy. When my counselor arranged detox and inpatient treatment my relief and gratitude knew no bounds. ..I am blessed. Desperation to have a sober productive satisfying life meant I was willing to go to any lengths.  AA saved my life. It doesn't mean I accept or agree with everything about AA but I learned sober living skills...how to have fun relax sleep and cope. The obsession with alcohol is powerful but eventually diminishes. ..After decades of recovery I know that alcohol is "cunning baffling and powerful'. Do I HAVE TO "live in abstinence"? No!  But I accept to the core of my being that alcohol is poison for me. An AA slogan "One is too many a thousand not enough" says it well. If I want to live I choose not to drink...Anger and denial come before acceptance. Alcoholism is relentless. If you have this disease you won't find peace until you end the relationship. It's scary. If you think you can control your drinking try it.  ..Recovery is more than "abstinence". Go to a few AA meetings. Just listen. You'll see. ..
It sounds like you're asking "how do I fight this?" when the real question is "what's the right fight?" By that I mean if you need to talk yourself into not drinking every single day and you have any amount of time under your belt then you've simply not adjusted to the right fight. This is not a fight to deny yourself of something like there's this awesome treat out there you might be able to have but nope not for you. It's a fight to recognize what alcohol actually is in the first place to rethink years of how you've viewed it and to finally see it for what it really is. ..The truth for any alcoholic is that alcohol is not a treat not a reward not something of which we need to deny ourselves. The reason is that the "treat level" of drinking one or two beers pleasant relaxation and looseness and then stopping without thought simply doesn't exist. Any time I've deconstructed my urges enough and I'm honest about it they've never been about drinking like other people or just have a couple now and again. I want to get drunk ripped faced pure and simple. I want to say fuck off to the world dive into an abyss and suffer no consequence for it that night or the next day. That's not a treat that's slow motion suicide...The only way this thing has worked for me is to stay sober long enough for the physical urges to subside and the mental obsession to pass. The obsession in my case passed only by talking to others about what it meant to drink the way I wanted to and to begin to internalize what that really meant about me. I can't drink like other people because I don't want to drink like other people pure and simple. There would be no percentage in it for me I just wouldn't see the point. ..Once I re-framed my thoughts on drinking then the battle became not so much fighting urges and waging a war of denial as but maintaining the healthy lifestyle relationships outlook etc. that keeps me thinking about alcohol in this way. It's a fight to maintain what I have and one that's not so much a struggle as an awareness rather than a fight to convince myself I don't want something I once loved. ..I hope that all made sense hang in there one day at a time things will get more clear for you.
&gt; How do you deal with this?  I'm sorry "one month" guys but this is a question to "veterans" here ;)..Hearing from people with long-term sobriety is extremely useful but those "one month guys" may be the ones that you are able to relate to bond with and achieve long term sobriety with one day at a time.  They know what you are going through.  They are or recently went through it and can relate.  Even better they may be able to relate to you.  Helping them may keep you sober.  ..
I know I can't moderate. I'm not a normal drinker. Neither are you. Don't worry we're in this together you aren't alone.
I was also skeptical of the 'radical' approach of abstinence. I know that I can control my drinking for periods of time. The problem is I can't control it all the time and I don't want to see where the next binge takes me...I read something inspirational here a month or so ago. A girl wrote that she could control her drinking she could monitor the rest of her table/party at the restaurant/bar and pace herself to her friends. But why do it? It is such a chore when you are waiting for your next drink and working so hard to appear normal. In her opinion it was just easier not to drink. I feel the same way.
First of all you are very brave in asking these questions. This shows you have an honest desire to stop but you are having some Step 1 issues. It's not uncommon for people to have trouble admitting they are powerless. Kudos to you for letting us help you at this stage!..I have 22 months sober and the only thing that I can truly say is that I have fully surrendered. This disease is the only disease that tells us we don't have it. Constant cravings urges to drink obsessing over alcohol it's all part of alcoholism. I am young only 24 and quickly my drinking was taking me downhill fast. Like Bill W I used sedatives to calm my nerves when the drinking got too bad. Had I not surrendered control over to a higher power I would have died. Simple as that I was totally engorged in drinking heavily and dulling my pain...It's hard to think about people with xxx hundreds of days sober. It's only one day at a time. Or one hour or one minute but as time adds up between your last drink and now you begin to feel better. You have to take an honest look at yourself and ask "can I really stop once I get going? If I tried my hardest could I set a limit to 3 drinks. Could I only drink on weekends and at parties?"..For me the answer is no. I would LOVE to be able to drink "normally". Unfortunately I have this disease called alcoholism that prevents me from understanding moderation and control. Once alcohol enters my system I could never control it. I tried I truly did. I made myself as sick as a dog and vowed "I will never drink again!" 7 days later I was drinking again and harder faster......Use your resources and contact people. You can get through this if you are honest to yourself.
