-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ykklw/checking_in_at_60_days/

I hope you all are well! Today marks the longest I've been sober in about 2 years. Prior to today I think it had been almost 90 days a couple of years back. It was 13 years ago when I relapsed after having 6 years clean. It's been a long long road. It's funny how time seems to fly by and I catch myself missing so much of my youth. Where did it all go? I guess a good deal of it was spent sitting in darkened bars drinking my face off and making myself miserable for no reason. ..I wish I could tell you all I'll never drink again. I don't know. I do know I really punished myself the last time I relapsed and I keep trying to remind myself of the pain. It's funny how the mind works and plays tricks on me. Once the pain is no longer fresh it's like a whisper in my ear that I could just go back to being a social drinker and that I need to stay away from the liquor and I'll be all good...yeah that was the issue. ..I remind myself every time I pass the beer aisle or the liquor store that it's nothing more than poison and I don't need that in myself now or ever again. So far things have been manageable and the desires have been cut to a minimum. I really do hate the nagging feeling I get some days though. I really hoped after reading Easy Way by Allen Carr that I would get beyond the occasional want by explaining it away as toxic but a part of me wants to feel the high from being drunk. Sometimes the thought of a good buzz to take my mind off things seems rational. ..Addiction is a fucked up thing and I regret ever putting myself in a position to feel the nagging and want for something so destructive. However Just for today I am clean and sober. I can do things tomorrow that I would never be able to do while half drunk and hungover. Because I am sober I can be a responsible friend and coworker. And because I am sober I get to feel how nice it is to have people count on me to be dependable and even be an example...Enough from me! Thanks for being around and thanks to all my friends who have helped me through the very rough times.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. Interesting to think that even with 60 days behind you that you still have the same lingering desire to drink. I guess that urge never really goes away...I especially like the last bit about being dependable. This was one of the biggest problems I had when I was drinking heavily. I'm really looking forward to a time when I'm seen as a source of stability rather than another unpredictable variable. ..Congrats. Thanks for sharing. Even if some people don't post it means a lot to us that you are.
&gt;  because I am sober I get to feel.....Yup. And you **have** to feel. That buzz I got drinking was the best way I knew to avoid the feelings. Now I can have feelings. I can learn to live with them. I can learn from them. Heck I can even be grateful for them some of the time. ..Congratulations and good luck.
Thanks for sharing...&gt;I could just go back to being a social drinker..I know that feeling! About 3 months ago I wound up in hospital and naturally spent a few weeks drinking very sensibly. But then it started to creep up again started drinking on my own again... and I realised that I can never be a normal drinker (if there is such a thing)...&gt;a part of me wants to feel the high from being drunk..I know that feeling too! Any suggestions on this one reddit? I've had a long-term wish to take up paragliding and I think I might actually get on with that now but I just don't know if it'll really scratch that itch.
Hey congrats keep it up!
Woot woot!! You go buddy! I am so incredibly proud of you and I love you so much! Keep it up! 
