-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yn7z0/after_almost_a_month_of_sobriety_im_having_to/

I didn't get crazy or do anything really stupid but I did buy a six pack and killed it in two hours. I was driving home from class and my sober rationality shut down. I didn't have to work today so I thought I'll just drink this once for old times sake before I really have to buckle down at work and school. I had a headache this morning which is a good sign I guess cause it took a lot more than a six pack in the past to give me a headache. ..I'm so frustrated because I don't want to be THAT guy who continually relapses. I want to be done with it for good and never look back. I'm also quitting smoking which is difficult by itself and I bought a pack of smokes yesterday. I think I have this all or nothing personality. It's like if I already gave in to cigarettes today I might as well get drunk too. I'm really glad I fell asleep before I got in my car and drove drunk to the bar for more like I used to. I know if I don't decide to immediately get back on the wagon I'm going to hit bottom again. ..TL;DR  Bought smokes and booze like an idiot getting back on the wagon. 
----------immediate responses--------

Don't beat yourself up get back up and keep on keepin' on! A month is huge you'll do even better this time.
Good for you for coming back! Sometimes staring at my days counter is the only thing that keeps me from drinking. 
Pick up the phone the next time your "sober rationality shuts down".  No reason you shouldn't have 100+ numbers of other recovering/recovered alcoholics you can call day or night.
It does not matter how many times we fall but how many times we get up!!! Day 1! :)
Thanks ya'll.  HideAndSeek I am trying to figure out who I can talk to in the real world that understands. I don't have any real friends just drinking buddies and people I only see at drinking functions. I am working on figuring out how to meet sober people that have similar interests. The good thing is my schedule is going to keep me pretty busy so that will be a good distraction for a while. 
Welcome to the Badge Reset Club you're in good company. The important part is that you're back here.  ..I've heard it said that people should practice dialling 911 (emergency services in North America) because in an emergency many people actually have significant trouble dialling. I've had to dial 911 in an emergency (home invasion yay) and it probably took me 10 tries do dial those 3 digits (my brain had pretty much shut down thanks to the terror). It's the same idea when your brain shuts down because it wants a drink - have something ready that is almost automatic - calling someone going somewhere that you can't drink AA etc. ..Anyway my $0.02. Don't beat yourself up because you couldn't do it the first time. Neither could most of us here.
Don't try to do to much at once. Give up the booze now and in six months or a year give up the smokes. I wanted to quit drinking get in shape ride my bike againdo all the wonderful things normal people do. But it was too much I concentrated on my drinking first and I've finally lost quite a bit of weight and have a gym membership. It's great your not beating yourself up over this. 
I have been there several times it gets easier each time. You are already establishing a sober lifestyle and you can get right back to that.
well you might remember me from your total isolation post. your way of quitting doesn't seem to be working does it?..take a look at this chart. and be honest with yourself. ..http://www.upperroomcomm.com/bbsguide/Page%202.pdf..look at the thermometer on the right see the will power stuff? thats EXACTLY what happened to you. fuck all the god shit at least looking into AA you know there are some serious drunks who know what your dealing with...
