-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z0r5c/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I've finally decided which meeting I want to be my home group...Struggle: I've been home sick the last two days and I think I'm getting cabin fever.  I can feel my alcoholic brain telling me that I can drink like a normal person.  I've heard isolation is bad for alcoholics and I think I'm feeling it...General chat: Looking forward to a weekend away at a cottage in a few days...Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Hola fellow juice sippers.. .Triumph: I get my 30 day chip tomorrow plus a hug from the hot chick chairing the meeting. I've also lost 10lbs this past month without trying too hard.  . .Struggle: My anger is out of control.  I get irritated at a lot of things.  I know why I get angry and what I need to do to assist my recovery but I'm all about that self-will and instant gratification.  I also may need to take my caffeine intake down by a few clicks.  Easy does it Kemo Sabe.. .General: I handed out chips at a meeting night before last.  I'm color blind as fuck and was holding up the wrong chips and saying things like 3 months = 270 days.  Even though I beat myself up about it it was funny.  I'm my own worst critic.  Also I'm going to inhale one of [these pies](http://www.edwardsdesserts.com/frozen-premium-pie.htm) this weekend.  Well maybe not the whole pie but a slice and a half.  Great googly-moogly they look good..
Triumph: I got my 60 day chip yesterday. It felt good and I never thought I'd make it that long...Struggle: Feelings dude. They're all over the place. I thought that by now my emotions would be a little more leveled out. In the span of the past 3 days I've gone from talking about how glad I am that I kept coming back in a meeting because i feel so much better now than i did a few months ago to sitting on a friends couch crying because I felt like this was all worthless to yesterday feeling like a complete freak who doesn't deserve life or happiness. I know not to trust my emotions right now but they're still there and really annoying...General: I started back to college on Monday. It's kind of strange being older than people even though it's only by a few years.
NMBP: you can **not** drink like a normal person. (I know you know this already.) Neither can I...Triumph: got my 3 weeks badge. Feeling very good about being sober very few cravings for drink...Struggle: been a bit lonely this week - somebody I often spend some time with is away on holiday...General: looks like what's been a very poor summer (here in the UK) is nearly at an end. Nights are drawing in and it's getting colder...
Howdy!!! It s a gorgeous day in Cincinnati! ..Triumph: 10 days! I feel good and strong..like I can truly live a life without alcohol. I can actually see that life..within reach. Yay!..Struggle: Slowing my brain down. ..General: I planted my first garden this summer. It appears that my second harvest will yield me at least 14 jalapenos compared to the 3 it yielded from the first harvest. I thought my tomato plant was dead...but it has come back alive. LIFE my friends. We are coming back to life. :)
Triumph: Picking up some serious slack at work as well as receiving feedback about my work and not getting reactive!..Struggle: Trying to get back into the swing of the school year and continually learning to be a *social* non-drinker. ..General chat: Excited to go on a mini-trip to the coast before school kicks back up for the year!
Triumph: I've gotten my teeth spotless and shiny new! An absolutely amazing dentist friend of mine really helped me out. ..Struggle: I still manage to be incredibly bitter and angry about life and need to learn how to change my perspective. Even writing about getting my dental work getting done was a struggle to write about something positive. I figured I had to say something positive though. Meh I'm working on it. The dental thing really should feel like a big deal I think.
Triumph: took  my new dog to puppy class and my dog didn't shit or piss during the lesson this week..Struggle: getting my self motivated.General Chat: can't wait for rain this weekend it would be nice if the grass turned green again
