-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z0wwt/10_days_of_moderation/

Hi everyone..I'm on my 10th day of not binge drinking I've had a drink here and there (a beer with the room mate in the yard a glass of Champagne with the SO) and it's exactly what I've been wanting it to be...I scored a 21 on the test and people say that moderation at this point is just another relapse waiting to happen. So far I feel great and not ashamed at all for having those few drinks. ..Any thoughts or comments are appreciated. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

You might be a problem drinker and not an alcoholic. I wouldn't expect this to last forever though. In the meantime good on ya.
Man I wish I could moderate.  For years I considered myself a heavy drinker.  I also smoked a lot of pot and took a lot of other drugs in an effort to alter and control my mood to my liking.. .I didn't become a full-blown daily blackout drunk until this past decade.  Alcohol was just easier and cheaper to get and I discovered that if I drank it quickly I could feel all right.  . .During the past 10 years I've tried to moderate on several occasions -- mostly because someone else wanted me to stop drinking.  I never had much luck moderating.  I mean I would at first but then those two or three drinks would turn into a bottle of wine and then two and then three and eventually a bottle of whiskey.  I got sick of attempting to moderate and instead just hid my drinking lied about it and even drank it at work. . .Granted I didn't get to that point overnight but the blue prints for the monster were laid out long ago.  I wished I had recognized them earlier.  Maybe then I wouldn't feel like I wasted my 20s and 30s.  But hey if "ifs" and "buts" were candy and nuts every day would be Christmas.. .At any rate that's my story.  So far your moderation is working for you.  Ask yourself this and try to be honest with yourself: how would you feel about moderation if you were faced with some form of adversity?  For example breaking up with SO losing your job losing a close family member?  How would the moderation go?  I don't know about you.  I can only speak for myself.  I tried moderation and when faced with adversity I progressively hit that bottle harder and faster with each attempt.  . .I wish I had that sidebar test to take back when I was in my 20s.  I wonder what I would have scored on it?  Surely not the 34 I score on it today.  Would it have made a difference?  Probably not.  I had to really want to stop drinking and I didn't reach that point until my life had become extremely unmanageable.  Ahhh but that's alcohol.  It is progressive.. .Good luck and take care.  I truly hope you can moderate and keep it sane.  Keep us posted!
Congratulations! Now all you need to do is stay on track. Good job btw. Moderation didn't turn out to be in the cards for me but it's good to see that you've been able to get it under control.
Yeah I moderated for a while. Then I started moderating the moderation. If you can do this hats off to you. ..I couldn't. Not in the long run. 
Hello!...I'm in the same boat currently. I'm on week 3 last 2 weeks I only drank 2/7 days in the week. I really hope we can both maintain this it feels AMAZING I have been just killing it in my workouts and life in general...All the best!
I'm on my second week of doing the same. I have found that I moved my workouts to the evening and that I don't ever want to drink when I know a workout is in my future and that after I complete it I feel so good I don't want to add the calories. Good luck and keep up the awesomeness 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good on you if you can moderate but please watch and make sure you are sticking to your set out rules...If you find that you are drinking more than you set out to drink I'd suggest looking carefully and truthfully at yourself as to whether you are an alcoholic.
Good luck. It didn't work for me or a good many others but if it can for you go for it. ..I personally don't think alcoholism is a yes/no deal but more of a scale. You might be on the scale but not so alcoholic you need to give it up. Others might never be able to touch it because they will relapse and go into a binge. I never did that I was a problem drinker who couldn't moderate when I did drink. ..
I sincerely hope it works for you but I'll be more impressed when you hit 11 months instead of 11 days.
I did this for about 6 weeks.  Drank about 20 times never drank more than 4 beers (for the first time in my life).  It made me miserable.  I realized in the end that moderation is not what I want.  I wanted to get fucked up badly.  So I went back to abstinence before I got what I wanted.  Now I'm happier than I've been in 10 years thanks to many different things.  
