-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z4xu2/90_days_for_me/

90 days ago I couldn't imagine my life without alcohol though I desperately wanted to quit. I had tried to quit on my own many times with relapse occurring days or on solid attempts weeks after resolving to quit...90 days ago I walked into my first AA meeting. I was hesitant and scared like many of you. I'm an agnostic and I didn't want God shoved down my throat. But I didn't want to get blitzed every night either; and I was running out of options. The higher power that is AA saved my life. I honestly could not conceive staying sober 90 days when I first walked through those doors. Tomorrow I'll go pick up my 90 day chip and Spaghetti Monster willing I'll keep coming back to meetings until I pick up that 6 month chip 9 month 1 year and so on and so on... one day at a time...Congrats to those on this board who are starting out as well as to those who have long periods of sobriety. I root for you and wish for your success whether you are in AA or not. My only desire for my fellow alcoholics is that they stay sober...In whatever way suits you keep in mind those who are out there suffering at this moment still wrestling with the bastard that is addiction to alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! 90 days is a huge milestone!
Congrats man. Keep up the good work!
That is awesome. I remember my 90 day coin like it was yesterday. It practically was. I think for me it felt like I had turned a corner on this thing. It sounds like you have to...Spaghetti Monster bless you. 
I love 90 day posts so much. There's just something about that 3 months it's special. Good job and wishing you many more sober months
Hey 90 days for me too congratulations! It's funny to think that a total stranger and I had such a similar experience at the same time. That's why I love this subreddit..Spaghetti Monster bless you in all your future endeavors. R'amen!.
[deleted]
Congrats! You're catching up to me :)
[deleted]
Good job! Many more to come.. May the Door Knob bless you.
Congrats Melencamp. :)  
[deleted]
This is a serious accomplishment. Be proud stay sober. :)
AA is my higher power too. Let us praise the benevolent spaghetti monster together. Amen. ..Confuckingrats!!!
Congrats :)  I'm still trying to figure out how all of this works and hearing success stories REALLY helps.  Sending happy thought your way :)
Congratulations! Thanks for representing for agnostics in AA. Just more proof that the program can be worked without big G in the picture.
