-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ze0pi/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I've been starting to looking forward to going to meetings more and more...Struggle: I'm starting to think about my birthday in 10 days and wondering what I'm going to do...General chat: Summer is over :(..Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

triumph: i am going to moderate my first AA meeting .struggle: i'm going to moderate my first AA meeting and trying to come up with a reading isnt as easy as i thought it would be..general chat: i enjoyed the long weekend but am happy its over. long weekends tend to fuck with my routine and i guess need or want a routine. finally got some much neede rain grass has turned green again and the yard looks good. 
[deleted]
Triumph: went to the dentist (I don't like the dentist so tend to put it off) got all the holes in my teeth fixed and the last of the cigarette stains scraped off. Without cigs or red wine my teeth will stay white a lot longer... mind you there's still coffee to contend with. :-)..Struggle: I wish I could sleep better...General chat: here in the UK it's getting cooler but this week is sunny so far. A lot of this summer has been grey and raining.
I'm going through all sorts of struggles and I was tempted to just get a bottle of wine last night to split with my wife but I didn't.. .I'm glad this morning that I didn't. My struggles didn't go away but I would've had more this morning if I would've had something to drink.
Triumph + Struggle: This last Saturday was my first time watching college football without drinking beer. I wouldn't say it was difficult but it was... different.  Let's just say that I know how Pavlov's dog must have felt.  IMHO the best way to deal with learned responses is to unlearn them and you do that by developing new mental associations.  I'm on it...General Chat:  NFL starts tonight.  Are you ready for some football?
What up Wednesday!!!!!!..Triumph: I am getting use to NOT drinking. YAY!!! I am learning how to deal with my stuff and finding a peaceful balance within me...Struggle: I am not financially where I want to be...but this will take a bit of time. At least Im not wasting my money on alcohol now.:)..General Chat: ITS TOO HUMID here. Ugh. This Saturday I am going to Krohns Conservatory and to check out Eden Park. ( a few of Cincys "must-sees") Nature really has an amazing healing affect on me. ..STAY SOBER YO!!! :)
Triumph:  Didn't drink.  Made excellent progress with girlfriend early in the week.  . .Struggle: Damn near threw everything away in a bout of self-pity and denial.  [More here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/zc26d/cunning_baffling_and_powerful_stinkin_thinkin_at/). .General:  Chocolate-covered espresso beans + Pepsi MAX = headache.  I drink enough coffee to kill medium-sized mammals.  I &lt;3 Jimmy John's Subs.  I wish I could get back into the gym.  The Frogman is hilarious.
triumph: i haven't drank and although i have been tempted several times i can say that i actually didn't "want" to drink because i didn't lose sight of what that actually meant beyond just the glorified idea of immediate "gratification.".struggle: i am still struggling with translating the time i used to spend drinking/recovering from drinking into productive outlets and i tend to just replace drinking with other unproductive distractions/escapes. the first half of my day is good but after 5 i get super depressed and isolate myself. 
Triumph: Having a job interview today that went really well. Facing fears noticing my anxiety lessening since I haven't been drinking. Waking up earlier being more productive. Almost bought wine today but didn't.. really wanted to...Struggle: Beating myself up for not getting the job "right away" fighting the perfectionist beast inside me sad/negative feelings. Money...Happy Wednesday!
Triumph - decided to quit drinking and started my first day sober today. Spent all day in my parents house which is filled with alcohol without touching it at all. .Struggle - haven't slept well in days shaking like a leaf having trouble forming sentences and can't fall asleep. Its really messing with me but Im confident and I can't wait to be sober forever.
Triumph: I made it through a holiday weekend and going to a family party that had alcohol everywhere without drinking! I also made a 100 on a quiz in my chemistry class today. Wouldn't have pulled that off if I'd been drunk or hungover. I made some ammends that I was really scared to do. Everything went better than expected...Struggle: I'm dealing with some crap about myself. I've discovered that when I was in my addiction I had no clue who I was. Dealing with sorting all of that out is stressing to say the least. I'm trying to be patient live in the moment and not worry about the future but I'm not enjoying the emotions this is causing..
Heard today so's mom has two months brain cancer. Not drinking going to go through this awake emotionally.
