-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/zxo7t/binge_alcoholism/

I am not quite sure how to word this. I have recently given up alcohol (sometime in early August when I was hit by a double-whammy of a hangover and sinus infection). I have been reading threads here and I notice that a lot of people struggle or struggled with drinking daily. I was never quite like this. For the most part my drinking was restricted to parties on the weekend but it was at these parties and events that my problem became very apparent. I would drink entire 26ers to myself (over the course of the night) and still be functioning. When other people would call it quits I would be up and still wanting to drink more. I would generally swear off alcohol the next day but be back at it by the next weekend. This at times did spill over into the week (drinking in school bathrooms or at lunch for example) but that never lasted too long. As I became older (I am now 24) I drank less and less frequently but whenever I did I would be back to the same habits of drinking way way way too much. I would go in saying I would only have a pint but after that pint I would say I would only have one more and so on. Soon enough I'd be taking out more money and buying people shots and slurring at them. The next day I would swear off alcohol not drink for a month or two and then repeat the scenario...My relationship with alcohol is poor. I know that. But it just seems very different from many 'daily drinkers' here. Does anyone else share this pattern of behaviour?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm one of the daily drinkers. Before I was drinking daily I drank the way you mentioned; only on weekends but a lot. It sounds to me like you just drink a lot when you do drink. You may want to try cutting back. If you can't stop drinking once you start you may want to look into drinking cessation programs.
Hey I was also one of the daily drinkers but I know enough alcoholics to be sure that drinking in binges is by no means unique. I was also the sort of drinker that would prefer to be alone while I drank- I rarely went to parties and did the bulk of my drinking alone in my room with my computer. I'm not an alcoholic because of how frequently I drank who I drank with or any other details about the way I drank; I'm an alcoholic because of what happens when I pick up that first drink...Alcoholism is a combination of a loss of control once alcohol is consumed and an obsession over drinking when sober. For me this meant that time after time I would try to limit the amount I would drink and fail I would try all sorts of things to control and enjoy my drinking as I once had and as others were able to. I would set limits for myself as well about when I could start drinking and when I had to finish drinking and found myself either unable to stick to these limits or spending all day planning out that first drink. ..Fortunately there is a way to live without drinking without the obsession to drink. If you'd like more info on what it means to be an alcoholic I strongly suggest checking out the chapter "More about Alcoholism" in the Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous (available for free online- also on sidebar of r/alcoholism). This book and chapter in particular helped me to understand what I was going through and above all realize that I am not alone and there is a way out. Best of luck!.
That's exactly how I used to drink.  I always told myself if I wasn't drinking everyday there was no way I was an alcoholic.  Whenever I did drink though there was no off switch I would go until I passed out or had to leave wherever I was...I can't count the number of times I swore I'd never drinking again on Sunday morning only to do it again Wednesday and Friday night.  I can't moderate my intake once I start.  And hopefully I never will start again.  
I'd say that I used to be like that too at one point. I wasn't daily but I was pretty close to daily especially when bored.
Sounds pretty familiar to me.  I only drink a few times a month but when I do drink it's a major challenge not to get way too drunk.  I've embarrassed myself so many times and alienated most of my friends.  I'm also 24.  If I work really hard at it I can prevent myself from blacking out (my new goal) but it's pretty stressful and takes a lot of will power.  I miss the days where I could drink as much as I wanted without worrying about the consequences...note: My badge represents the last time I drank to excess not the last time I drank.
I binge drank on the weekends and drank daily during the week. 30-40 drinks a weekend probably across a night + half night + a daytime excuse. I would drink about 6-10 drinks a night during the week 3 of the 5 nights (most would prob call that binging too but compared to my weekends it was not). .A lot of times though I stopped drinking during the week and did just the weekend thing. It did seem to make it more managable but same as you my weekends turned into somewhat a pure hell. I was basically hungover until wednesday morning sometimes. .I am 29 now and stopped at 25 like you because I could not deal with the horror filled weekends that I was living.
[deleted]
Binge alcoholism is totally real.  I wasn't one but I've met more than my fair share in sobriety.  ..The classic definition is: when you drink you can never knoW how many you're going to have or when you're going to stop...Generally speaking it will only get worse as you get older.  The problem tends to keep getting worse as time progresses.
I've posted on here before... i used to drink pretty regularly at a decent pace and such but after some shitty stuff in my life i started binge drinking. It finally caught up to me 3 days ago. Drank a entire fifth of Jim Beam and 7 beers while smoking a bunch of cigarettes and marijuana. My family has a large history of high blood pressure me thinking I'm an invincible (only 22 nearing 23. started drinking at age 13 heavy at 15) young healthy man i thought nothing of it. Three days ago though after waking up from my binge at 4 in the afternoon I walked up stairs feeling like shit but still drunk. Thought nothing of it.... get all the way up the stairs and say hello to my father. start to walk towards the front door to smoke a morning cigarette and everything went black. Apparently i fell face first to the ground and was unconscious for about a minute. Father freaked out i kept saying i was okay and so forth that i just got up and about to face. He said he wanted to test my blood pressure. It was a whopping 167/106 (in a resting position) my heart was pumping like i just ran a marathon but i just woke up. This raised great concern for myself and my well being.  ..edit: sorry for the shitty grammar/spelling kinda waking up currently. also realized its been one year since I started Reddit haha.  
For the past 9 months I have quit drinking every Sunday and somehow managed to start drinking again the very next Friday. Generally blacking out every time. Even if I set out with the intention of drinking one or two once I've had one or two my brain wanted more and it didn't want to stop. I'm essentiallly a "weekend binge alcoholic." This is actually the first weekend I haven't drank since I can't remember. I had a bender of epic proportions last weekend that has me afraid for my life if I drink again. Hopefully I'll stay afraid for my life. I have no idea how I haven't died in a fiery DUI crash. 
sounds like alcoholic drinking to me.  you are in the right place!
I was just like that in college. After senior year hangovers kept getting worse until finally I stopped allowing myself to get drunk. It took a while but I finally hammered it into myself that 1) hangovers are miserable 2) blacking out is awful and 3) once I feel a buzz I start wanting more and more alcohol...I didn't stop drinking altogether - a few times a month I'll still have one to three drinks after eating (I'm over 200lbs). But if I start feeling tipsy I immediately call it off for the night. It isn't worth the risk. I'm about two years in and although I enjoy many alcoholic beverages the idea of getting drunk is now completely unappealing.
This is exactly how I started drinking.  Binging on weekend nights nothing during the week.  Then around your age hangovers started getting worse.  I'm a trooper though and I'll go right back to it because well I'm an alcoholic...The thing is alcoholism is a progressive disease.  If you don't stop it completely it WILL get worse.  I don't think that point is shouted from the mountain top nearly enough.  This is especially important to ingrain in the minds of people like you who may not understand their problem completely.  If you understand its progressive nature though you will be vigilant and you will notice when it starts to get worse and you start to drink more and more frequently.  Then at least you'll be ahead of the game by understanding that you don't have enough self control to simply drink less...Oh and while there are many "daily drinkers" here your type of behavior is very very common.
