-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/zzgc9/i_think_my_head_is_trying_to_set_me_up_for_a/

Lately the thoughts in my head have changed from "Look at all the cool stuff I'm doing sober!" to "I can't wait to drink again I want to drink again"...I've been pretty stressed the past couple of days so I think that is part of the reason why these thoughts are here but that's just an excuse and I MUST get my shit together if I'm - let's just put it plain - mentally relapsing. ..I'm accomplishing a lot of wonderful things in sobreity even though it's very new and very weak...I need help bolstering my defences. I need to get mentally right.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't forget your triggers Dalek:  Hungry Angry Lonely Tired...I know you were taking a road trip.  If you're still on it you may easily be feeling all four of those things in one day maybe sometimes all at once...Good for you for posting.  This is exactly the kind of proactive step we need to take if we're gonna stay sober.
My first time getting sober at 25 I mentally relapsed for a month before I decided to drink again after two years of being sober. I built up really really rational reasons to do it. It is funny how it is not like it is in the movies when the character on a whim decides to just have a drink again out of the blue. I think that is totally false and there there is a lot of thought and time building to decide to drink again like you are doing. Plus the combination of my life is so good now I can't mess this up and I deserve this after proving to myself I don't need it. ..Right now I am in the same boat as you. I have had some shitty few weeks. But I know if I drink they will be much much shittier. You are not missing out on anything because you will not be able to do those things if you are drinking. Your brain is trying to trick you and only remind you of the good things from drinking and not the bad...
Relapse happens in the mind well before it takes place in the physical.  when I start getting those feelings I have to stop and take a look at what in my life is causing them.  Change the problem and move on.  Usually I just need to spend more time with people who truly care about me both inside and outside the rooms of AA.
