-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/102j6x/seeing_7_days_on_flair_it_hasnt_been_easy/

Been reading some literature from the one meeting I attended.  Thought about calling the guy that gave me his number.  Just seems weird.  What do you say?  This guy has a life too.  Does he really just want to hear me cold call and interrupt his dinner?  Hey yea I'm the guy from last friday.  I'll try a beginners on wednesday after work.  Still struggling with that whole higher power business.  Borderlands2 just dropped and I normally have a guinness as I sit in front of the computer.  I never realized how much it was a factor... 
----------immediate responses--------

He wouldn't have given you his number if he didn't expect you might call him at some weird time to talk about what's bugging you.  So yes he really does want you to interrupt his dinner...A lot of people who are advanced in sobriety have moved beyond dealing with their own cravings for booze and are now interested in helping others get to the same point.  He would much rather be late to dinner and know you've been helped than cram food in his gob on time and know that someone out there has relapsed because they didn't ask for help when they needed it...Also I will share with you something that someone told me a while ago.  When someone gives you their number they're showing you a two-way street.  You never know when you might be saving someone's life by making that phone call.  Maybe he needs it more than you do...Long story short:  call him.
Good job on a week. It is indeed not easy and to be honest it is going to be hard for a while yet. I found a sharp drop-off in urges to drink after I got a couple of months down and not drinking slowly came to seem normal to me.
congratulations on a week! thats a big fucking deal. go ahead and use the numbers provided my sponsor had me call people on my list just to get use to using them in case i needed to. i'll admit it was not easy at first but it did get easier. and not once has anyone said i was putting them out. dont worry about that higher power business just worry about not drinking for now. good luck
&gt;This guy has a life too. Does he really just want to hear me cold call and interrupt his dinner? ..Hell yeah. Do you know how excited I get when people actually call? Hardly anyone ever calls you will make his day. 
I've put my number into about a dozen people's books and hands and nobody has ever called. I'm not complaining; it's great that no one seems to have needed to call. But I will tell you that I go to bed with my phone on the night stand. And I am fully expecting that at some point a stranger is going to call me. I'm not saying it's going to be a great experience for anyone that calls me; I'm really not that fascinating. But what I do know is that if anyone calls I'm going to pick up the phone. And I have every intention of doing that no matter where dinner is. It's a priority.
&gt; Borderlands2 just dropped and I normally have a guinness as I sit in front of the computer. I never realized how much it was a factor... ..I tend to play Left 4 Dead 2 while drinking a ton of beer... as if video games weren't immersing enough - we've got to further cloud reality with booze! 
