-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/104ro0/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: A newcomer showed up to my home group Monday night and we chatted a bit about what it's like going to meetings.  At the end he thanked me for making him feel comfortable at the meeting and told me that he's decided to keep coming back.  It felt so damn good!..Struggle: Getting to meetings everyday is getting tiring.  On the other hand I'm really starting to enjoy them...General chat: Borderlands 2 is out and I'm not sleeping enough ;)..Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

I woke up refreshed after nearly 6 hours of sleep. And now I'm having a breakfast of boiled eggs and oatmeal before getting to homework before class. *What is this sorcery?*
I've been getting along with a new system of working that uses Pomodoros. It is surprisingly effective...In other news I ate an entire family fun size bag of Skittles for lunch. My tongue is now purple and I can't feel my jaw properly...In other other news after two weeks of not hammering back alcohol every night I've lost two pounds. Despite pouring sugar into my mouth at every opportunity I get. 
I've been enjoying my hobbies much more since stopping drinking ~1.5mo ago (although had two relapses in that period). What a change in functionality from before - not planning my days around a hangover not being a shaky wreck half the time and I have been putting the money I would have spent on booze to good use...One day at a time....I know I can make it. 
Triumph: As I posted went on vacation abstained the whole time...Struggle: Got a post-vacation cold &gt;sniffle&lt; and really itching to put my house up for sale but the market sucks...General Chat: Broke as heck after vacation so spending a lot of time playing video games this week. Good thing too I have three games I haven't touched much of. 
Haven't had a drink since Saturday night. I feel great. I used to make excuses for drinking like I can't sleep unless I have a few drinks etc. But of course sleep is so much better when you're *not* drunk. I got up early made coffee and oatmeal and had so much free time I gave my roommate a ride to school before work. I think not drinking is going to open up a lot of my time and energy to do things for my friends that I was just too drunk or hungover to do before. I'm really happy about this.
Humor: I asked out a cute girl I met through work who works at one of our distributors thinking she wasn't in the program and I could go on a nice drama free date with a normal girl. Meet her Saturday and she turns out to be in recovery and a newcomer with only a few months sober that hasn't been through the steps. So yeah I accidentally was that guy on a date with a newcomer. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Triumph: I survived two burning urges to relapse this week.. .Struggle: Also a triumph of sorts but I came clean about my past with my girlfriend.  At one point she had asked me if I had ever cheated on anyone.  I lied to her as I had cheated on my first wife.  I came clean to her and told her EVERYTHING.  I laid out all of my skeletons.  It was a triumph in that I came clean and was finally honest.  It's been a struggle in that I did some damage by not being honest from the get-go.  She's having to come to terms with it.  I had also lied to her about the number of sexual partners I had (downplayed it by a lot).  It's been a terrible emotional roller coaster of a week but things will get better in time.. .Another struggle: I've been working my 4th and 5th step with my sponsor.  Coming to terms with my past is not easy.  It's much easier to hang out in a bar and fantasize about how life could be right?  . .General: I had a dream that I was working at McDonalds.  I was sweeping the floor.  When I woke up I was stressed that I hadn't finished the job.  Somewhere in the depths of my subconscious mind there's a McDonald's restaurant with a filthy floor.. .EDIT: I survived the relapses by telling myself that I would go to the bar AFTER I went to my meetings.  After the meetings I didn't feel like drinking and so I was able to put it off for one more day.  That's all I can ask.  Also the "talk like a pirate day" links are tripping me out.  
I'm doing great 2nd longest time I've been sober in my drinking career. ..Triumphs: The other night went out to a work function full of heavy drinkers but I didn't have a drop. First time that I wasn't the loud drunk guy at the party. ..Struggles: Without drinking the days feel very long I have to try real hard to keep myself occupied so drinking doesn't creep into my mind. 
[deleted]
I'm trying to bribe myself to not drink on weekends anymore by picking up a new hobby. I've always wanted to try archery and I'm excited about it but I'm not allowing myself to buy the gear until I am clean. ..Call me Katniss (which might be a little awkward because I'm a guy). 
Everything is going pretty well and I haven't had a drink today so there's always that to be happy about. School is going better than I'd imagined it could. I'm making good grades and it keeps me busy enough where I don't even have time to think about drinking (often)...Let's see what else my sponsor went over steps 10-12 with me yesterday and wants me to start sponsoring people now. He also has me reading a book about overcoming codependency which I thought sounded stupid at first but am now glad I'm reading. ..Im still having a sort of hard time with Saturday nights and need to find something to fill the time after my meeting with. The meeting ends at 11 and that's the time my group normally hits the bars and I start getting texts inviting me out. I accepted the invite last weekend and didn't have fun at all. For me at least a bar is not a fun place when I'm sober. I don't know if that'll change when (if) I become less terrified that I'll just say fuck it and go ahead and drink.  I miss my friends but they only hang out at bars... I've been told that situation will sort itself out in time as I make more friends in AA. We'll see
Triumph: 12 days is my longest streak for a while let's hope it sticks!.Struggle: I know my next challenge is on Friday. I made a dinner date with a buddy and his friend invited himself and wants to "go hard" on account that Saturday is a holiday. I can't cancel because I haven't seen my friend in a while but I'm worried about being put in that situation. .Hope everyone else is doing great!
[deleted]
