-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/106uln/coping_with_alcoholrelated_dreams/

Hi Everyone..Background: Sober 2 weeks started 1.5 months ago w/ 2 relapses. ..I've been having alcohol-related dreams every night for the last 10 days or so. Sometimes more than once. I have read that these can be:..a) Indicators of impending relapse - be on high alert...b) Normal for alcoholics - booze represents a significant part of our prior lifestyle...c) Healthy - feel the negative aspects of relapse (shame disappointment) without having to actually drink...The part that I find potentially beneficial is that the dreams always start in a manner identical to my real-world behavior. My two relapses since starting recovery began with a period of sobriety and the eventual reduction in my destructive perception of that first drink. I'd say "fuck it fuck AA I'm me I'm getting drunk" and off to the liquor store I go for a few bottles. Cue up a miserable few days...Last night my dream consisted of me being in the grocery store parking lot going into the store buying two bottles of vodka and going home to partake. Drank a bottle watch "How It Is Made" pass out wake up blegh. Pour other bottle down sink. Woke up in terror as is becoming standard...It is just starting to be a bit much to cope with as they do not seem to be abating. How do you guys deal with it? I'm trying to stay positive and view waking up sober and realizing it was a dream as a gift. An incentive to not actually drink. ..On a side note my life is so much better despite my slips and often tortuous nights. Thanks for the support just reading the content of this forum is immensely useful at times.
----------immediate responses--------

Be patient they'll subside.  b) for me.  Have look at them as a) and c) in the past when it was useful for me to do so.  Keep on doing the next right thing and you'll be good.
I had really bad nightmares including sleep paralysis for about 10 years.  They stopped once I quit all the partying...You said 'it is starting to be a bit much to cope with'.  What are the coping strategies you are currently using?  How are the dreams making you feel?  
I know that feeling of terror waking up from a drinking dream. 
They go away eventually. Then you just have normal dreams about the other sources of stress in your life. :D
I still get em all the time! It ain't real life live it up lol
