-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10n494/happy_weekend_wishing_everyone_good_luck_and_good/

Being new to this the weekend is the largest struggle for me. I'm sure you guys all feel the same way so I wanted to wish you the best. I'm staying strong for ya'll (I have NO desire to reset my badge :P ). What are your sober plans for the weekend? 
----------immediate responses--------

Work gym and AA for me. Luckily there's one of those pot-luck/speaker AA meetings tonight. I don't want to reset my badge or pick up a new white chip. I've worked too hard to do that :)
Baseball games on TV cooking crafts and reading with the older generations :) Definitely won't be resetting that badge after a weekend with grandma and mom!
It's my first weekend and I already think it'll be harder than the week was. I have work for my university classes to do most of the days. I'm nervous about saturday night - flatmate is having people over - I may have to leave but if the worst comes to the worst there is always the lock on my bedroom door.....I'm determined to make it though; if I do I'll be nearly at a week and it's quite a few years since the last time I was sober that long.
three weeks today. I feel like it hasn't been a challenge because a) I can't afford to be drinking right now and b) I've been hanging around people who don't drink. I'm going to be playing a show tomorrow at an event that will have free wine and I'm wondering how I'll do there. I'm of the mindset that a free glass of wine or two wouldn't be a terrible idea but I'm wondering - how do I achieve the feeling of "owning" being sober? Obviously my mind hasn't been made up. My drinking comes and goes but I don't want to be a binge drinker anymore. I don't know... confusing thoughts I can't quite articulate right now. I do feel good though. Three weeks sober feels good and I feel sharp as hell. My being unemployed bothers me left and I feel ready for a good life. If only I could find work!
Kinda depends on what the husband is doing.   He's got a new job at a start-up company that is about to launch so they are extremely busy this week.    I'll keep myself busy though  doing some fall cleaning and maybe some errands.   I will not be picking up the bottle :) 
[deleted]
Track meet soccer frozen pizza. Tomorrow is a long run then work with my sponsor to complete Step 4 and five.  Its a full weekend.  And next Thursday I will have thirty days.  I try to keep it one day at a day that is what my prayers focus on but I am very excited to have 30 days for the first time since I was 15 and it will be an honest 30!.
The weekend is the hardest because I have all this free time to fill. I'm going to exercise to try to kill off some of this anxious energy. I'm also gonna eat cake and cereal all day long. I'll probably get a hamburger or sandwich later. If I can make it through tonight it will be a week sober.
