-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10q5u8/my_four_weeks/

Today marks the end of my fourth week since quitting alcohol weed and caffeine on the same day. Four weeks ago I was about 12 beers and 3 shots deep on day two of a two day bender. I felt nothing no drunk elation no giddy laughing no relaxed contention. "Why am I doing this?" I asked...Drinking was my favorite passtime for 10 years since starting college. After 10 years I realized that it gained me nothing and in turn was a huge hassle. Drinking requires so much time money peeing and frustration. I no longer gained any sort of buzz and instead was left with soul-crushing "*oh god kill me now*" levels of anxiety that lasted 3-4 days after drinking...I am so happy to be free from this ball and chain. I no longer have to be worried about my server getting me drinks fast enough. I don't have to worry about stepping out of social groups to pee every 15 minutes. I don't have to worry about sneaking downstairs to pound a few "bonus beers/shots" when we have friends over for a "couple beers."..I just feel extremely liberated...My overall anxiety and depression levels have diminished greatly in intensity but not necessarily in frequency. I still have down days where I'm extremely irritable and easily annoyed. I still say mean things and try to hurt my wife's feelings sometimes which I regret the next day and am trying to apologize for. There is still a monster alive in me but I'm trying to deal with it head on instead of drowning it temporarily...As I mentioned I also quit weed and caffeine. Quitting weed was incredibly easy I don't even think about it any more. Caffeine was difficult. I had headaches for about two weeks and my work focus/performance has been extremely low throughout this month with no sign of increasing yet unfortunately. I'm considering resuming caffeine but from reading forums people who quit for good are so glad they did long term. I don't know what to do and am open to advice. My creativity is quite low too. Just an overall cloudy feelings when I have to focus on challenging material...Back to drinking. This is the longest I've been sober in 10 years. I'm experiencing positive feelings that I haven't felt in at least that long. At times I feel child-like wonder and awe nostalgia and feelings of content. When the fall season came on full force and the leaves started changing I felt something awaken in me that has been sleeping for so long. I felt incredibly calm and collected with feelings of understanding my place in the cosmos. It's similar to the feeling of connectedness that I felt my first few times smoking weed except this time those feelings were authentic...I've been to bars restaurants and pubs at least once or twice a week since I quit. I had zero temptation to get drinks. In fact I was loving the calm clear headed feelings while everyone else scrambled for refills. Again it's just wonderful to not have to be concerned with those things. No more chasing anything especially chasing experiences that I know I won't have...I'm certainly much more social. I preferred to drink alone at home so most often I would choose to do that instead meeting up with friends for a casual beer or two. Now I meet up with folks anywhere because I don't have to worry about how I'm going to get home. Drinking 1-2 drinks and stopping there was no problem for me but it was frustrating and lacking because I consciously wanted (not needed) much more. To hell with that. ..My social anxiety is much lower even though I used to drink to counteract that anxiety. I think the reason is that my mind was cluttered up with thoughts like "this would be so much easier if I was 3 drinks deep." Now without those thoughts I can focus on the conversation and person instead of longing for drinks. My mind is a single-core processor and now I see that context switching between the conversation and the desire to attain a buzz was turning me into a mumbling idiot. Combo that with the crushing anxiety of yesterdays hangover ... you get the point. I'm much better now :) ..I've been eating tons of snack foods. Insane amounts of starburst. The cravings are subsided though. Once my non-drinking settles into a routine I'll clean up my diet. ..I couldn't have gotten this far without these forums. I want to say a sincere heart-felt THANK YOU to each person that comes here to post and comment. Reading /r/stopdrinking/new/ is usually the first thing I do each morning in bed the last thing I do each evening in bed and something I do several times a day when I'm bored or waiting. It's a truly indispensable resource for me...Each milestone I reached be it a day week two weeks three weeks there was at least one "yay I made it to a day/1/2/3 weeks!" post in this subreddit and the positive changes always mirrored mine. That is HUGE reinforcement folks...I guess that's it! One month down. I've been calling this my "indefinite hiatus" which I'm trying to turn into an attitude of "forever". It's still hard for me to conceptualize forever. It's strange thinking I may never have another cold IPA again or get plastered on a random saturday when the wife is out of town. So I'm focusing on the negative aspects of drinking that crushed me for so long...Again thanks to everyone! One month down and cheers to one more! (juice glass clink)..**TL;DR: Quit alcohol caffeine and weed four weeks ago. Now anxiety levels are squashed much lower my brain CPU is free to think clearly/linearly instead of context switching. I pee much less. I still struggle with life. Folks in /r/stopdrinking are awesome. Juice glass cheers.**..-Your2ndUpvote.**.edit: Just realized I have a cake next to my username! I created this username to secretly chat with folks about drinking and drugs one year ago. Now I'm writing about my exit strategy. What a year...** .
----------immediate responses--------

Two things: for God's sake stay out of the bars and pubs. You have a big chance of drinking once again if you keep going to those places right now. Give yourself a break - you just stopped and you probably should stay away from slippery places. The second thing: about the snacking on Starbursts. You're replacing the sugar from the alcohol with sugar in candy. It's not healthy but it's a better choice. Try and substitute healthier snacks so that your body can give used to the decrease in sugar.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I am right behind.  I really enjoyed reading your post and I am looking forward to your next one.  Congratulations!
First congrats! 30 days and a thousand nights... I've been there my friend. ..Second "Drinking requires so much time money peeing and frustration." This is golden! And it's funny 'cause it's true. 
Wow you've experienced many of the same things I have. I feel like life is so much easier in some ways (like never blacking out and forgetting what I did the night before ugh) especially socializing and generally just enjoying life more. It has almost been one year for me and I think the negative thoughts have subsided A LOT. I just take it one day at a time and remind myself that every day is not going to be the best day of my life regardless of whether I drink or not. NOT drinking just makes the lows less low if that makes sense.  BTW please tell me how you quit caffeine. I want to do this... but I fail every time! 
This is the best thing I have ever read.   God bless you and thank you.
" "oh god kill me now" levels of anxiety". I was just going through that this morning thanks to a night of going way overboard drinking last night. Take a nice big sigh of relief that you are beyond those horrors!
So much of myself I see mirrored in this post. The social anxiety making sure my drink orders would be in to keep em' comin' staying alone at home getting bent. Oh and of course the peeing. I've felt that I have learned more about myself in these past 10 days than I have in the last 5 years. I still have caffeine however but mostly just at meetings. This post fills me with hope about how much more growing and learning i have to do for myself. Thank you for your share!
&gt;I've been to bars restaurants and pubs at least once or twice a week since I quit. I had zero temptation to get drinks. In fact I was loving the calm clear headed feelings while everyone else scrambled for refills. Again it's just wonderful to not have to be concerned with those things. No more chasing anything especially chasing experiences that I know I won't have... I love this aspect of quitting just love it. It's the most tangible proof of the fact that I got out from under an addiction. I work in the service industry and I will always be around it but I see it so differently now... Edit: And all the new places I can go now that I don't have to worry about driving! My world just got so much bigger!
