-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10qk9s/pushed_through_the_relapse/

So today is the first day I've really struggled.  Today is also the first day I didn't go to a meeting.  I spent my day reading Caroline Knapp's book and her discussion of white wine just about sent me to the store.  Like her a glass of white wine is probably my hugest weakness.  I miss everything about it.  The ritual of the cork and the chilled glass.  Ugh.  Well I laid in my bed for a bit and talked myself out of it.  That is not apart of my life.  It can't be.  I love my sobriety and the improvements it has brought into my life.  ..SO I got some gummy bears (chilled in the freezer first!) to curve the sugar craving and started working on the craft part of my redditgift for Halloween.  Check it out if you want:  http://i.imgur.com/e2MI1.jpg..I hope everyone had a great and sober Sunday!    
----------immediate responses--------

It still amazes me how much all us alcoholics are alike. You sound just like me. My sobriety is so delicate right now that if I miss a meeting my mind goes to the exact same place you describe. Earlier this week I threw away my favorite shot glass and all the corkscrews in the house. It's just a little thing but it felt like a step in the right direction. Just holding those objects before they went to the trash almost sent me to a mental danger zone. .Happy sober Sunday :) 
Good for you. I also would (and still do sometimes) lay on my bed and just wait out the cravings. Don't worry they subside. It sounds like you are already getting on with life and finding pleasure elsewhere. Good work!
Oh yeah that glass of cold Pinot sounds good. Free pouring it into a large glass then taking the first sip. Yum. But you know what comes after that bit don't you? You finish the bottle and don't feel satisfied. You HAVE to get another bottle and now you're already under the influence there's no way you're resisting this one. Queue a late drunken night and a shitty hungover morning. Bet you're glad you resisted that one glass now hey! 
this book is on order - stupid southern hemisphere
