-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10qt6u/i_dont_know_if_alcoholics_are_able_to_have_an_aha/

I'll try to keep this short. I'm a relapser. I went to inpatient treatment two years ago and being honest- I knew in the back of my mind that I would drink again. AA freaked me out I just wanted to be a normal person/drinker etc.. My story is much like everyone else: basically getting drunk and fucking shit up repeatedly. .I'm married to a wonderful man who is also an alcoholic and we've been in denial and enabling each other for some time. Basically shit went down and we are now getting the help we need. He's in an inpatient program now I put myself in an outpatient program plus I'm seeing a therapist. It's hard but I'm seeing this as a golden opportunity to work on our individual sober paths and live a rich life that we both have within us and both deserve. .I would probably survive a few more benders but my heart can't handle it. Learning how to exist without alcohol is uncomfortable to say the least but I'm getting comfortable with being uncomfortable. I'm finally ok with eating that shit pie (clearing the wreckage of my past) because that is better than experiencing a new and inevitable low that alcohol will definitely deliver. .I've been fortunate enough to find an AA group that I feel at home in. I'm also working on gaining some type of spirituality. I spent a good 3 hours today sitting in a park with another AA woman and we just went over step 1. It was emotionally exhausting but afterwards I had a clarity that allowed me to look at myself and set some goals to find my way ahead. .There is no pink cloud this time I am well aware that my sobriety is going to take a lot of work. I have no choice I honestly feel like I came to a fork in life's road and I have the choice between heaven and hell. I've chosen the "heaven" path.. I'm actually a nice girl and I love life. But I'm an alcoholic. I have hope that there's a way to get better. I deserve better for myself and all the people around me especially my husband. ..It's over. Alcohol can't be a part of my life anymore. Thanks for letting me vent.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to see you're getting your bunnies in a row. Good luck on staying sober. Keep us updated!
There is 100 perecent congrats on your "A-HA". I had mine when I was told my health was dwindling (@ 23 can you believe that?) I've since stopped and everything is much better. All I suggest is DRINK WATER keep it in your hard always have a bottle of water in your hand. Keep us updated I'm proud from afar!
I've gone through sober phases mostly sober from one substance and onto another but my ah-hah moment was when my family realized the scope of my addiction  I was caught so to speak it was like a bomb went off that broke through my armor of denial.  I could suddenly admit to myself that I had a real problem that needed to be stopped.  Alcohol was my last stand it was never my drug of choice but since it's legal I tended to use it when I couldn't do other things.  Giving it up as a way to commit to total sobriety was hard mentally.  It was a total letting go of my ability to get intoxicated if I so choose.  But now I'm on the other side of that choice and it's good I've finally leveled out and I'm on to living life without all the guilt fear shame and craving to indulge.
"I have no choice". I say this at least once a day. My ah a moment came when I seriously doubted that I was ever going to be able to quit drinking and while I didn't care that I wasn't I also knew the pain that was going to come if I kept on doing it financial pain physical pain ego tortured and it was not going to end until I was dead...I wish you and your husband the best.  You are going to meetings you talked with an alcoholic for an extended time today.  I think that you are well on your way.
What a great post cuntbunnies. I quit with my wife too and I can't tell you what a tremendous help it is to have someone going through the whole thing with you. It also makes the "tell another alcoholic" part of my program super-easy...Your ah-ha moment - basically the realization that your best-laid plans weren't going to cut it - is tremendously important. That's how recovery has to begin: with the understanding that things need to change...It's really thrilling to see someone else going through the same experience that changed my life and feeling the same thing happening to them. As silly as it might sound I'm actually excited for you. Keep posting for us to see how you're doing and don't ever hesitate to contact people here if you want to talk vent complain whatever. Congratulations on discovering the path.
I don't know if anyone is reading this but I'm still sober. At this point every day is a huge deal. Life is a little tough but at least I'm not making it worse by being drunk. 
