-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10s5b2/sex_yowzah_nsfw/

With the exception of my one day relapse a few days ago I've been sober for a little over a month..I have a sex drive again great! An *insatiable* sex drive not so great. When I was drinking I had none...Is the insatiable sex drive normal or common in early sobriety? And how long does this last? While it may make the partner happy it's a bit distracting to me.
----------immediate responses--------

In order to mark this as NSFW you must show boobs...Please upload NSFW proof.
The other great thing is that sober sex feels so much better than drunk sex it was quite the eye opener for me.
I think there's definitely a jump in libido but I think it also has to do with finding other ways to fill your time. Sex feels good its a good way to spend time when you would have been drinking. If it gets distracting try hitting the gym or a run and get some of that energy out of your system. 
Totally normal. At around day 30 in rehab everyone started to look real good...That sounded like a joke but it wasn't.
Man- I had the opposite problem. When I was drinking I was king at the bar. Two to three girls a weekend sometimes maybe more. When I quit I couldn't get it up...for a few months. My sexual confidence is still gone...I've had more partners than I can count (sometimes I wouldn't know I had sex until the texts the next morning pictures or friends) but I have never been intimate sober. I'm still scared of it. I don't even know what to do? Heres the kicker- I've been told I'm *really* good in bed. Too bad I don't remember any of it. Can somewhere here tell me how it works when we're sober?..TL;DR- Sober Virgin.
I had a spike in my sex drive and also acne right after getting a couple clean weeks. I've never had more than one or two pimples in any 6 month period in my life except when I broke out BAD after drying out. My unscientific opinion is that it was my testosterone bouncing back before settling back to normal. Alcohol suppresses T.
