-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10uv5v/one_year_without_a_drink/

As of this week its been one year since i quit drinking. This somehow feels like less of an accomplishment than getting 24 hours or 30 days sober - when it was really a battle for my life. Its easy now. I was a man that drank all day everyday for years to the point where my life was at stake. I dont even struggle with cravings these days. I just wanted to share some hope with anybody thats still in the thick of it. If i can do it you can too. It really does get easier and my life gets richer and richer every day. Hang in there guys.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
This is great to hear thank you for posting good news and congratulations on a year!
We share the same anniversary week! It WAS a great week to get sober that's for sure. Great work and keep it up!
Brilliant man. Congratulations and all the best for the future. 
So inspiring. Congratulations!
[deleted]
Although it might not feel like much of an accomplishment it is. Congratulations!
Congrats! thank you for giving back sometimes all it takes is being there for someone who wants to stop
God I hope I make it a year. Some days I get urges that won't go away *nothing* like when I first quit. I'm sober I'm dry but under stress (I'm being treated for anxiety) sometimes that little devil pops up on my shoulder and says to me that a drink is exactly what the doctor ordered then I can't get the thought out of my head.. .It's like this: don't picture a pink elephant.. .Doesn't always work and I obsess. OH those happenings are very few and greatly far between but when they happen they hit hard.. .Seeing that someone else can do it always gives me hope and I just go do the serenity prayer and go about my day sober.
Congratulations! Life is so much better sober. :)
Keep going. I woke up this morning thinking I was dying. I am now committed to going to detox because I just feel like i'm going to die. I want to be in the care of doctors though. I drink a bottle of vodka a day. it's ridiculous. Keep going. I need to remember my suffering today for the rest of my life because that's what the path of booze leads to. Like in the matrix I like the saying "You know that path you've been down that road. You know exactly where it leads."
