-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10wr7f/finding_contentment_without_booze_its_possible/

It used to be that whenever I did something I would only put up with it because drinking was going to be my reward at the end.  Looking back I now see how pathetic this was.  But it was my life for years.  Anything I did even if I enjoyed it was only something to be endured until I could get back home to drink...Shortly after I quit I realized that this was going to have to change if I was to stay sober.  I decided to recondition myself to find satisfaction in the actual activity instead of in whatever lay after it.  The thought of drinking used to fill me with contentment anticipation and whatever miserable shadow of an emotion that used to pass for happiness with me...Why I thought can I not simply allow myself to feel that way NOW as I'm doing something instead of waiting until afterward?  Why should I grit my teeth through life as I watch the second hand move along until drinking time?  Was it possible for me to find that same feeling of contentment by losing myself in whatever I was doing instead of the false contentment that alcohol brought?..Long story short: yes it was.  By remaining constantly mindful and vigilant against thoughts of can't-wait-to-drink I taught myself to remember whenever these urges cropped up that I could actually feel that sense of release right then and there without alcohol in my system.  I did this first by giving myself permission to do it and then by simply allowing myself to feel it. Little by little it began to work...Certainly I did not invent this practice.  Wise people have been trying to teach the rest of us this simple secret of living in the moment for millennia.  And I don't often get it right.  I'm just a guy trying to hold it together so that I can be a good husband and father and have a satisfying life instead of remaining a sniveling alcoholic wreck...But it does work for me and I would venture to guess that something like this practice has also worked for most anyone who has managed to stay sober for any length of time.  If I ever forget to practice this I know it will bring me closer to relapse.  So I practice it as hard as I can and one of the ways I do this is to share it with you here in case it's something that will help you...Congratulations to everyone!  Love you all...AF
----------immediate responses--------

meditation is hard work! \o/ but it's worth it.
perfect timing AF - love your work...Part of me realizes the craziness or rewarding my self for 'being good' and not feeding the addiction is to reward my self with the addictive behavior.that I'm fighting in the first place.  ..reward myself for not drinking by drinking - that can fuck right off - but that this is my current thinking [or has been for so long] is extraordinary to me  but still so strong at times. 
We spend so much of our lives looking ahead thinking of life in terms of discrete time periods that come to an eventual relief-filled end. ..It starts before we're even old enough to walk when we're taught that dessert comes *after* we eat our healthy &amp; proper food...In school we learn to look forward to the weekend to the end of a particular chapter or to summer break. We look forward to starting a new grade &amp; moving on. Sometimes to a new school usually to a new teacher. And we look ahead to finishing school altogether moving on to another school or into the working world...Each time we expect the event that we're looking towards to give us relief from our current stress...We do the same thing in the working world - work for the weekend looking forward to holidays and to vacation time.  If you have kids you look forward to *them* start school again knowing it'll give you a bit of relief to have more time to yourself...We do this sort of looking forward to relief with nearly everything in life. And when relief doesn't come or when the relief isn't all we thought it would be we start looking for other ways to scratch that itch.  Alcohol. Drugs. Gambling. Extra-marital affairs. Serial murder.  Whatever we choose it's all great &amp; exciting at first but the feeling doesn't last very long.  Pretty soon we're left feeling like we need something else.  Like something is missing...I think the only way to escape those feelings is to learn to do exactly what you said - live in the moment.  Quit looking forward to relief and start finding happiness in your every day life.  It's sometimes hard to find but it's there.  You just have to slow down enough or take a few steps back to notice it.
Thank you for this. I think I needed to read that.
