-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1126vg/not_sure_if_this_belongs_here_but_having_problems/

background - I had 6 years sober then went back out. I mostly used secular meetings/therapy/cognitive behaviour modification to remain sober. after I relapsed I found myself at 12 step meetings. ..It was great at first. My dad was a member of AA before he had passed and my brother is also big into 12 step based recovery. I have a rocky relationship with my brother. there is quite the age difference between him and I and he was physically abusive to me when I was younger. he was my monster under the bed. because of this I am not totally comfortable around him. ..today wasnt a great day so I went to a meeting which happened to be his homegroup. I thought it would be a good time to get over my fear and anxiety when to comes to him and went into the room her hangs out in. I even shared which was very hard for me. ..He chastises me after and becomes very arrogant about the fact I told someone I was his sister. I know the easy answer is not to go to meetings where he is at. has anyone else delt with anything like this?..TL;DR brother acts like an ass at meeting what to do? 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
If he is on a twelve step program that should not happen. One thing that you forgot is that "Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions".  That means that you are both wrong about how you handled the situation. As you said don't go to meetings he is at. The family is the hardest thing we will have to deal with and it can take years for things to settle down.
Your brother has a right to anonymity. You shouldn't have told anyone that the two of you are related.  Imagine someone sitting in a meeting completely trashing their boss.  Then afterwards pointing a finger and proclaiming "And that's him right there!"  It's unfair...Like you said go to different meetings.
Do NOT go to the same meetings. Undoubtedly and understandably he felt you invaded his territory. Respect one another's boundaries. 
In addition to what everyone else is saying it sounds like he was a dick.  That isn't your fault.  It is hard to be anonymous when its your brother - right there! - and you are not used to how that aspect of the program works.  I guess what I'm saying is don't feel like you did anything wrong.  family is a pain in the ass.  members seem to think we know how to behave in meetings but don't tell us (cause that would be preachy and it would be too).  ..hopefully you live in a place where there are more than a few meetings a week and you can avoid him until you feel a part of a group that does not involve him.  until meetings (if you choose to keep going) are as much your territory as his.  ..tldr - don't feel bad but yeah avoid him if you can.
Well the short answer is to head out to another meeting.  
Making a long story short: I have a brother in the movement and we don't attend the same meetings. My feeling is that family history is more a part of the problem than a part of the solution (repeat: MY feeling). If there are many meetings in your area maybe you two could call it a draw (no need for a winner and a loser here) and head your own way for a while. If not you are looking at a difficult conversation but at least the program gives you many angles to find a common ground. It's unpleasant for sure but there are tons of worst situation you have left behind when you have quit drinking. Good luck.
