-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11d922/friend_relapsed_last_night_and_mutual_friends_in/

A good friend of mine in the rooms relapsed last night after professing his love to me and trying to make a relationship happen. I was nothing but honest with him and told him i couldn't handle a relationship. He went out and drank after that. Our mutual friends are making it out to be my fault and I'm hurt and angry. Any suggestions would be so appreciated. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

No offense but your mutual friends sound like jerks. You're not responsible for this guy's sobriety.  ..The fact that he relapsed in response to being rejected makes it sound like he's not ready for a relationship either...I hope you're not blaming yourself.  You didn't do anything wrong.
you arent responsible for other peoples actions unless you put that bottle to his lips and forced him to drink. we have to put ourselves in the number one spot when it comes top sobriety he his throwing himself a pity party you dont need to attend it
[deleted]
This is the toughest one to handle but unless you are this person's keeper as "in charge" of his well being it's not your fault. You are not his babysitter nor his doctor.. .If anything can come good out of it however you can be understanding and still be supportive but it sounds like you are in an awkward situation... but please don't blame yourself.. .Your friend probably isn't he's probably blaming himself right now somewhere inside... yet it's always better when there's someone else to blame. I think the toughest part was facing myself in the mirror and knowing that it was my fault *mine* that I took to the bottle nobody else's fault but *mine* because of my faults and fallacy with thinking.
[deleted]
13th steppin
Just because someone is in AA doesn't mean they aren't an idiot. 
Are your friends actually and actively making it out to be your fault or is this a vibe or feeling that you're getting from them? Because I can see this happening both ways...Obviously another person's sobriety is not your responsibility. Short of holding someone down and pouring liquor into their forced-open mouth there's nothing you can do about someone else's drinking. Any adult person knows that. You didn't cause it and if you're feeling guilty about it you should quit...If you're just getting the sense that others are blaming you there might be a little guilt at play. Again it's not your fault when someone else goes out and even if there was something you could have done it would not have been your responsibility to. This person is the only one to hold responsible...I hope this doesn't go beyond where it is now. Relapse is an unfortunate fact among us as sad as it is to watch. Don't let someone else's self-destruction end up on your doorstep. Your sobriety needs to be your greatest priority. Screw anyone who doesn't see it that way.
AA is filled with flawed people. Unless your being honest with him included trying to convince him why you honestly though he should go out drinking again I wouldn't accept any blame.
You're not to blame for anything- if he drank over that he was definitely not in a good place and would have drank over something else soon enough anyway. Any friends trying to blame you for that (I'm guessing they are also newcomers in the fellowship) don't know what they are talking about don't worry about it. 
How is it anyone's fault but your own if you slip up?..That logic is retarded in my eyes.
Bullshit. Nobody can make another person drink. That relapse is on him.
Sounds like he's not ready to stop drinking. Because if he was there'd be no reason no matter what to drink. He's had a reservation for a while it sounds like
I've been told repeatedly from people in AA no relationships for the first year. He shouldn't even have been hitting on you as you're technically still a newcomer barely past 30 days let alone even being close to a year. His relapsing over this makes a great argument for this suggestion. Things are told to newcomers in AA for a reason.
Maybe he was looking for an excuse to relapse. If he went into his confession thinking "Yes this has to work out in my favor or else this sobriety isn't worth it" then maybe he isn't really working towards sobriety....I don't mean to speak against him in anyway obviously but if he doesn't understand that a point in both your lives where you are trying to build upwards from scratch that is the time when you need to figure  out yourself by yourself and that if you based any part of your sobriety on a relationship then if that relationship doesn't work it is a huge setback/challenge....You probably did the right thing and dodged a bullet. Your friends are hurt and shocked but will come around.
your friend drank because that's what alcoholics do. AA is full of crazy people (of which I am one) but people are people my question is do you have alternates groups you can still attend meetings with Orangekat?.Your sobriety is your job is your job (it looks like you have this covered looking at your posts) but thanks for sharing...keep posting :) ..
Yes this isn't your fault. Assuming you were polite about it romantic rejection is something all adults need to deal with. (Even if you were a jerk about it going out and drinking is on them not on you.) I've heard it to be common folk wisdom in the rooms to stay away from relationships for the first year anyway. Try not to let this stress you out just focus on staying sober. ..Congratulations on 45 days do you notice any big improvements?
