-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11qwx3/so_here_we_go/

I've decided I've had enough. Enough lying sneaking cheating making excuses always feeling sick having no time the drama etc. etc..I would call myself a high functioning alcoholic. I pay my bills get to work daily and maintain a good relationship with my significant other. I have been struggling with quitting drinking for the last year. Its resulted in me losing more than one close friends. I quit boozing (at least with them) they quit me. I think losing enablers as friends is a good thing but it doesn't make me not miss my "friends". .I say I've quit out loud but indulge & binge at home by myself every other week. It's better than earlier this year when I'd binge once a week at least. So I have made some progress. I found this sub reddit and purchased the Allen Carr book The Easyway to Control Alcohol. I want to stop drinking but am fearful I won't be able to. .Some background I come from a family of abusers. I have siblings (plural) that have died as a result of substance abuse as well as a parent. I do not want to join them. I was neglected/sexually abused as a child & found my escape in drugs & alcohol as a teen. My recreational use has turned into habitual abuse in the past 3 years..I am very good at showing a completely different story to the public so I am here to stop. I want to be the person I am in front of my SO & family. I don't want to be the fall down piss the bed drunk I was weekly earlier this year. I want to LIVE again. ..FYI-I'm not joining AA and I want to do this without revealing too much to my SO. Essentially you all will be my support group. ..So many questions....How does this subreddit work? Am I truly anonymous on reddit (of someone searched my email will they fond this)? What other methods should I research? Tips? Stories? Please share anything that has helped you or you think will help me..Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Read as many old posts as you can...No no one can search for you by email address.
I am 52 days sober after many years and many failed attempts never lasting more than a few days.  I don't miss or crave alcohol.  For me it was 110% due to the Allen Carr book.  The best advice I can give you is to read the book and take it seriously.  It worked for me.  I would be glad to tell you more if interested.  Read that book and good luck!
Welcome drcatblack. Thanks for posting here. You're taking a big step and it takes a lot of guts so congratulations for that...As you start in this process you're going to want to arm yourself with as much knowledge about alcoholism as possible. Start by reading old threads; there's a library on the topic in these archives...I know you said you're not going to go to AA and that's fine. But I do think you owe it to yourself to know something about the program. Luckily AA offers a free copy of their [book](http://www.aa.org/bbonline/) online. The chapter titled "more about alcoholism" is a very good explanation of the disease of alcoholism and some of its common traits...Quitting seemed like an impossibility to me too when I started on this path. I think it does to most of us. I want you to know that's not impossible and that I wouldn't be sitting here telling you that if it wasn't true. Believe me I'm no great guy; a liar a cheater self-centered and manipulative. I did whatever needed to happen in order to continue drinking. But my dignity has a price today. My soul isn't for sale for the price of a warm beer. Not only is this doable it's absolutely going to save your life. I'm looking forward to hearing from you as you progress here. Don't give up. You're going to experience life the way you never have before...
