-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11wurv/one_month_it_was_a_boring_day_at_work_and_reddit/

Whether we've interacted or not thank you everyone in r/SD. Your stories musings and posts have been a huge touchstone for me; it's been important for me to belong to a community which reminds me I'm not alone in my struggle with alcoholism. ..Now here are my musings about the first thirty days of my path to recovery... 	I have a powerful firewall to use against the temptation drink because I created an unforgettable sobriety date that would be almost impossible to intentionally duplicate. So on top of all the other reasons not to drink I know that if I relapse any subsequent sobriety date will pale in comparison to 9/22/12. It was a simple beautiful and spontaneous day spent in a perspective shifting place with someone who I deeply respect and admire. I count myself immensely fortunate for this as I know a lot of people struggling with our illness didn't have such an idyllic sobriety date. But if you can create the conditions for such a day to happen I encourage doing so most highly! .. 	Allan Carr's book mentioned on the sidebar of r/SD was an excellent way to approach learning about alcoholism and its treatment without I felt the alienating and initially off-putting perspective of AA. Carr's book helped me immensely during my first two weeks mostly by helping to boost my confidence in my decision not to drink. It's not a perfect book or perspective by any means but it sure helped me.        .. 	That being said I'm in the rooms once a week learning more about AA and seriously considering sponsorship and working the steps. For me the value of AA is in choosing to associate with people with whom I share the experience of being an alcoholic regardless of our differing perspectives on religion human agency class or politics. It also helps me to keep a more nuanced sense of what to disclose and what to keep to myself when my not-drinking comes up with friends and family; while friends and family are certainly part of my support network I found it unreasonable to expect for them to be there in the way I needed someone to be. The folks at AA create a fantastic space for me to channel my focus on non-drinking into an environment where discussing alcoholism is a shared rather than one-sided experience.. 	Alcoholism to a great extant fueled my depression and anxiety. Sure they're still there but dealing with them head on has been a runaway success considering that I've stopped pouring a depressant into my system daily and curbed the out of control drunken behavior which fueled a lot of my anxiety to begin with... 	I used to use the familiar framework of alcohol as a balm for my social anxiety. Giving a talk? Have a drink first. Going to a party? Get there already buzzed. Nervous about a significant conversation? If I pound  em back I'll move past the awkwardness and into the comfortable zone faster. All that was self-defeating. Every time I made one of those choices my psyche would go to war with itself; a part of it would insist I was doing everything wrong and that alcohol was at least a big part of the problem while another part would throw up false rationalizations and a thousand excuses for my behavior. Then I'd drink to quiet the cacophony. Rinse and repeat. It turns out I was causing the most persistent source of my anxiety... 	My social life has shifted drastically. Related to the last point social anxiety I want to relate an experience from this weekend. I was at a get together with my political friends and acquaintances. The structured discussion was over and about a dozen of us were sitting in a circle split mostly into three or four separate and simultaneous conversations. A lot of folks were drinking few were really getting drunk though and I was sober. There were a couple of moments where I felt anxious: why did a couple people shift to a seat further from me? Why did the conversation I was part of taper off? Why is no one choosing to come over and chat with me?.. Emotionally I was able to handle those questions without finding fault with anything I was doing. Why did people move? In all likelihood because the two folks who got up and I have been keeping up with each other better over the past month than ever before they probably wanted to touch base with folks they haven't hung out with for a while. Conversations tapered off because that's what conversations do; it's not some sort of character flaw on my part that caused it the topics had just been temporarily exhausted and that just happens. No harm no foul. Why wasn't I being actively drawn into other conversations or approached by people? I was in fact but not by everyone. It would have been insane to expect in a mixed room of friends acquaintances a couple of long term relationships at least one ambiguous casual relationship political allies unrequited crushes and others that a moment of social discomfort on my part would be at the forefront of anyone's thoughts but my own. The world doesn't revolve around me and no one can read my thoughts or feelings like a book. Keeping that in mind as it turns out people I am closest to did make an effort to pull me in. I couldn't rely on everyone to do that but my closest friends totally pulled through! The last thing I learned was that it's okay to be at a party and not talk to anyone for a few minutes; observing the social dynamics catching snippets of developed conversations and just shutting up to listen are all really positive things. They're not worth being anxious about and being free of alcohol has allowed me to see that!   .. 	The discipline I've put into not drinking is spilling over not perfectly but perceptibly to other parts of my life. I'm eating better exercising a bit sleeping better following through on obligations etc .. 	I'm more concerned with real life than with some imagined one. When I was drinking I had a list of what I would need to do to be the person I wanted to be. But I posited it all as out of reach because I was hurting so badly all the time; I knew a fundamental shift in my attitude and behavior would be necessary and I dreamed of any number of dei ex machinae that might manifest and set me on the right path. But I didn't realize how much of a fetter my alcoholism was and that I needed to find help if I was going to overcome it.. Once I did and decided to shed the label and lifestyle of a drinker I found I had a well of positive ideas about who I am and how I want to spend my finite time. I didn't need to dwell so much on or construct fictions anymore. Those good thoughts about myself are starting to become my reality and I'm beginning to recover habits behaviors and attitudes that had been a part of my life before I was a drinker and whose loss I lamented. And I'm finding new ones cropping up too. So I don't have to dwell on an ideal or abstract concept of who I am and who I want to be or who I want to be with. I just try to be as I am unapologetically and share my time with those who want to share their own with me.  ..Those are my lessons. I'll be back when I hit 100 Days!
----------immediate responses--------

God this was an awesome read. Thanks so much you've helped more than you know.
[deleted]
Great job. A nice read. I was particularly struck by this one: ..&gt;I'm more concerned with real life than with some imagined one...The imaginary life was me all over. I spun my wheels with that crap all too long...Thanks for posting. A good use of time I would say.
love a good wall of text :) 
This was great thanks. I especially appreciated the blow-by-blow of your thoughts at the political get-together. It's nice to know other people struggle with the same fears and can recognize the irrationality of them.
&gt;For me the value of AA is in choosing to associate with people with whom I share the experience of being an alcoholic regardless of our differing perspectives on religion human agency class or politics...That's exactly it for me too - you nailed it. There's a lot to learn from everyone particularly if they've been through what you're going through. Way to go on the month keep it going!
