-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12a3x6/the_3d_plan_for_dealing_with_temptation/

I recently heard something that I will be applying whenever I'm tempted to drink and I thought it might be useful to share here. Basically it's a strategy to remember whenever we're tempted to fall back to drinking and old ways. It's kind of easy to remember which is helpful when I might be in the thick of a struggle it's (1) Declare (2) Decide and (3) Devote...First when confronted with temptation I need to quickly and emphatically Declare that I do not drink and I do not need to drink. The sooner I make this declaration rather than screwing around with wishy-washy thinking the better. When I find myself tempted no matter what else is going on in my life no matter what the situation is no matter what my feelings are telling me at the time I know I can head off prolonging the struggle by quickly declaring: "I do not drink. I do not need to drink. That is not who I am." Any other thoughts just feed the temptation...Next I need to Decide which side of the argument to take. My simple declaration may not be enough to make the temptation go away. I still can have the internal shoving match of "I do not drink BUT..." and I need to choose up front which side of the struggle to take: either I'm identifying with myself as a sober person living a sober life or I'm identifying with myself as an alcoholic with alcoholic thinking. One of them sounds like this: "I'm a new person with a new life now. I simply don't crash and burn and become the old person. That's not who I am. What's the right thing to do here?" The other side sounds like this: "I just have too much to handle right now. If they only knew what I'm dealing with. Everyone deserves a break. I've been good I deserve a treat. Everyone makes mistakes. etc." I know for sure I will hear from both sides of the argument - the important question is who do I identify with: the sober person living a sober life or the excuse-seeking alcoholic? I need to Decide to identify with the right side...The last concept is Devote. Even if I've already Declared who I am and Decided to identify with that side of the argument I will need to Devote myself to continued sober living. I can use this devotion to overcome temptation in the moment by reaching out to other alcoholics in need reading literature posting or chatting going to a meeting etc. and I can use ongoing devotion in these areas to head off future temptations. In either case devoting myself to a sober life is key to my long-term sobriety. ..So that's it in a nutshell: when confronted with temptation I should quickly Declare I do not drink consciously Decide to identify with the right side of the argument and then Devote myself to living it out. As I think back it's a plan I unknowingly followed through some of my past battles with temptation. Hopefully you can use parts of it as well.
----------immediate responses--------

Good post SoFlo1!..Most of the time just reminding myself that "I don't drink" is enough. But somedays require more than that. Those are the times I need to take action...Even with years of sobriety the idea of taking a drink still pops into my head from time to time. Today is one of those times. This morning the idea of stopping by the liquor store before work popped into my head and wasn't so easily dismissed. I need to take some action so I'm on here posting about it. I won't drink today but I need to remind myself just what it was really like when I was drinking. I cannot afford to have any illusions that this time I will be able to control it...To be honest I think part of the reason that drinking before work popped into my head this morning is that I posted a few comments on r/SD this weekend and both drinking and recovery have been on my mind a lot lately. I've been thinking about the people that I sobered up with in AA and wondering where they are now. Only one still goes to AA. Some are no longer sober. I miss these people and around the holidays I often think of them...It may be time to hit up a meeting or a few. It's been a while.
Lovely. I'll be sharing this one as well...Just as a note while working on my 3rd step I looked up the etymology of "decide." It literally means to cut something off. So when you make a decision you cut off the other possibility.
Thank you this is a good technique I'll try to remember it when the chips are down! I'm also a fan of the [ABC](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/abc_crashcourse.htm) technique. 
This is great thanks.
