-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12ap90/im_struggling_guys/

Hey guys and gals..So the last two days have been really rough on me and today I kind of hit a wall haven't been able to get a hold of my sponsor yet and the same has been true with most of the guys in my circle but I need to just get out of my head. ..I'm 22 nearly 2 and a half years sober and I've been absolutely miserable over this past weekend. ..I'm in college full time and fortunate to not have to worry about finances but have been recommended to find a mindless part time job to kill time. I've been extremely discouraged in wanting to look again due to not getting the jobs that I'm "over qualified" for. This mixed with no real pressing monetary need to follow through has been hitting my self esteem bad. On top of that I've lost motivation in school due to the same self esteem crushing. ..I've been down here in Florida for the past few years originally from Virginia due to coming down for treatment and not really needing a reason to leave. I want to move home now. Problem is - is that I have a really good support network down here strong sponsorship family 4 sponsees of my own etc...I don't consciously wanna drink or get high but I can see those thoughts coming if I don't address these issues. ..Anyways thanks for reading I needed to get this out since I didn't get to a meeting yet today.  ..Any input is appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'll just throw my 2 cents in I'm just a beginner but maybe it'll help.  *You need to do what is best for you*. If moving home is what is best for you then you need to make it happen.  Your sponsees can find new sponsers you can get to a meeting your first few days back and start to build a new network. First of course you should get a hold of your current network and run all these thoughts by them see what they say.  Also I just moved and know what it's like to get turned down from jobs it sucks sure but you just have to keep plugging away and something good will eventually happen.  I just secured a job right before money was about to be a big concern.  For the immediate future I'd suggest getting to a meeting or 12 in the next few days. good luck!
Hey bravesaint. Sounds like you've got a full plate in front of you. I think there might be some things here that you'd be well served to hand over for the time being...The work thing sucks. It's absolutely discouraging. I'm an administrative type who last worked in 2009 and can't land jobs that I'm perfectly suited for because someone more experienced and even more desperate than me got to it first. Believe me it's not just you. It's like this everywhere...If moving is your goal I'm sure your AA family will support you wholeheartedly and I'm sure the fellowship in Virginia will make you feel right at home. I don't know what sort of urgency there is for the move but if you want to go I really don't see why you can't.
As the others say.  Maybe it is time that you moved on with your life.  Move back to Virginia after the storm and set up a whole new network for yourself.  Sounds like you have no faith in yourself.  Take what you have learnt and move on. Everyone else will move on with or without you( i.e. sponsor and sponsee's).  I wish you well my friend
You've got two and a half years sober which is a decent long time (slightly more than me in fact).  If I felt the desire to move now I would approach it carefully but I would not approach it as relapse territory.  I would simply be methodical about it to make sure that a relapse was out of the question.  I would make a list of pros and cons.  I would do some meditating.  I would maybe spend a day driving around town pretending that this was my last day there and behaving accordingly to see how that made me feel.  I would most of all take proactive steps to begin building a support network in my new home even before I left for example by researching meeting locations and schedules asking my friends if they knew anyone in the area posting on sites that might cater to the recovery community in my intended new home etc...One thing you haven't mentioned is *why* you want to go back to Virginia.  Is there some specific reason or is it just because that's where you're from?  What is your motive for this move?
Step 10 Continued.....Step 11 Sought....Step 12 Carried and Practiced......These are the actions that we do every day after having done the first nine with our sponsor...I've been kind of in a rut lately too but really the only things I need to or can do is identify what the hell is manifesting as a character defect right now re-connect with my HP and hopefully another drunk...Otherwise I'll sit and focus on myself for weeks. How I'm feeling. What I want. What I'm lacking. I'm selfish and self-centered. I have to do something about that or I'll get drunk. That's what the steps are for...All Best.
