-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12kdwi/im_feeling_better_about_remaining_sober_than_ever/

I've struggled with drinking for a long time many years.   But today I am sober again.  Over the last two months I have slowed my drinking gained some degree of sobriety but those times when I have drank I drank till bad shit happened..   In the last two months I spent probably 45 days sober and 10 drunk.  That has been an acheivement for me.  Before then I hardly went more than two days without drinking to get drunk and there has been times when I drank nearly every day for years...   The last two months I have spent time reading about alcoholism and more importantly recovery.  I mean I have read everything on the net I possibly can.  I watched hours of youtube videos on the subject.  I made progress... But last weekend I did drink got drunk acted very stupid interacted with bad people had to call off work.  So last week I went to AA meetings for the first time.  Not to have god save me or to surrender to being a powerless and helpless victim of drink but to talk to others to listen to others to experience the energy of others who are sober.  I need social support because self-study has not been enough.  If I have an understanding of higher power it is the power of the people.  People help me stay sober because on my own I not powerful enough to quit...  That's the thing on my own I haven't stopped.  So I've gone to meetings and I'm going to a treatment center for out-patient asssessment on Monday.  And I haven't drank for a week (again but different).  ..See I am absolutely terrified of what will happen if I keep drinking.  I will eventually lose everything more than I have already lost if I keep drinking.  Yes I am also sad that I am not able to drink normally.  I mourn for the loss of  normal activity  that others seem to enjoy.  But I am even more terrified of experiencing more losses in the future.  ..The thought that already given me light and some joy is:  I don't have to live like I have been living.  I can change.  I can be sober and no matter what little losses I experience from that I will have great gains in my new life my new habit of sobriety.  I might even get to like myself again...This is a difficult process one that takes a lot of my energy thought emotion.  It is something I try to keep away from my co-workers some of my friends.  But I am not alone.  I have friends whenever I want them who share this struggle and this triumph.  ..It hasn't been enough for me to do it alone to study to know the words.  I've needed the people too.  .Other people are different and some of you perhaps with greater support; a spouse kids a stronger family of brothers sisters parents might not need the interaction with other alcoholics like I do.  Some others of you might simply need the intellectual tools to see the light.  That is wonderful whatever path works.  ..I feel more positive about never drinking again than ever.  Mainly because my drinking disgusts me but also because I have never reached out with such zeal such comittment.  I feel no desire to drink this weekend and after Monday I will be in a program with professionals.  ..May the gods guide me home to myself..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and welcome.   Sounds like the only answer is never drinking.  Much like me and most people here I think.  45 sober and 10 drunk will still lead to a heap of problems.  Better to be off completely...Good luck next week.  
Congratulations. Reading over what you're saying I can't see any daylight between what you've got figured out in just a few weeks and what it's taken me most of a year to figure out. So good job...It's absolutely true that recovery is most importantly about realizing that you can't handle this problem yourself and you need to get help in order to tackle it. When I took my second step of the 12 steps it was the group and the history of AA that I considered to be the 'power greater than myself' because it was through those people and those stories that I came to see myself in a true light. That view has evolved over time but whenever I'm feeling a little out of sorts I know that talking to another person is the key to getting right again.
Good work. You are on a positive path towards sobriety.
