-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12kmpo/saturday_share_nov_3_2012/

Hello everyone! I volunteered to do the share this Saturday so here I go.....I am a married mother of 3 young kids in my mid-thirties and I am an alcoholic. My first flirtation with mind altering substances was in junior high school when I "shared" my sister's ADHD medication. I noticed that by taking these little pills I could become more than who I am. One of my biggest difficulties was that I never felt like I was good enough. I was always the outcast and nobody understood me. Taking pills made me feel better about myself. Not soon after I had my first blackout drunk when I was 14. I skipped school and stole my friend's mom's booze. I staggered home a complete disaster and passed out. This was my first drunk. From then on I would pretty much take any opportunity to put alcohol in me but the opportunities were few and far between until I reached college. ..In college I drank. I drank and drank hard. More than most guys unless they were alcoholics too. Something terrible would always happen when I drank. Alcohol let me do things against my character and the process of losing my morals started. I was learning to deal with everything using alcohol...Throughout my highschool and university days I kept the same boyfriend. I was not loyal and mistreated him. However he was a good drinking buddy and we married young. I married him on my 22nd birthday. I got drunk the day before my wedding but I was still functional the next day. I opted for an early brunch wedding so my husband and I could take off early on our honeymoon and drink as much as we liked. I tried to compartementalize my drinking and kept it away from my parents and family...The years went past and my drinking remained heavy. I relied on alcohol after work to deal with stress and to have a good time. I decided to get pregnant to fill up whatever hole I had developed in my soul and had twins at 25. I was completely unprepared for this. I was too immature and unstable. I did my best though and had a lot of help from people around me. I also felt like a victim and relied on drinking to deal with the hard work of having twins. Why wouldn't I? Drinking was my solution for everything else...I would sometimes go on diets. Quit drinking for a few months get skinny and then go out of town with my husband on huge food and alcohol binges. I hated myself and was terrible to other people. I was always doing embarrassing things drunk. I was a mom who would put my kids to bed and drink all night. Soon I was buying boxes of wine and drinking at 3:00 pm out of oversized coffee mugs. It was starting to get hard to hide my secret...My bottom came when I was prescribed an anti-depressant (for PMS but to be honest was general insanity due to alcoholism) and I abused it. If one is good why not take a few? I became manic cheated on my husband and ended up in a mental hospital for a week. This was as low as things got for me. However the doctors blamed the mental illness on a bad reaction to the medication. Lets face it I wasn't exactly forthcoming about my drinking habits. After this meltdown I still kept on going for two more years. ..In these last two years I knew in my heart that drinking was messing things up for me. I thought if I could just figure out moderation keep my weight in check behave myself and not drink I could get my life under control. I wanted to do this because as awful as a wife and mother I had become I still wanted to be a good person so badly. I just had no idea how...Eventually I ran out of options. I tried and failed so many times in those two years. I got my butt into AA May the 29th 2011. I was welcomed with open arms by a group of people who had what I wanted. They seemed to "get" how to live their lives. How to be good moral people that cared about themselves and those around them. I felt loved despite all the terrible things I had done. I found a sponsor who is one of the best people I know on this planet and like a dried out sponge I began to absorb the program of AA. Through the people doing the steps and service work I am turning my life around. Everything in my life is different now. My thinking is clear and focused my career has taken off in ways that I could not have dreamed my children are doing well and my relationship with my husband has matured and grown. I am so grateful for my sobriety and do not take a day of recovery for granted. I attend at least 3 meetings a week and try and give back to the program.  ..I hope that there is something about my share that you can relate to. If nothing else realize that if you are struggling with alcohol there is a better way. It takes work but so worth it! ..Thanks for reading and please excuse any typos! 
----------immediate responses--------

Great share! Thanks  :)..I have done the mental hospital route to sobriety too...The worst part was occupational therapy....I did crayoning   :(
Great post.  Thank you.  ..I also knew I had a problem long before I eventually looked at it.  Took me years to finally do something. Thank god I did.  Today life is great.
Thanks for sharing! You really accomplished a lot!
Thanks for sharing and congratulations! You have overcome so much I know how hard that is. Good work!!
Congratulations. Great post. Keep it up. 
Thanks for posting your story. I never get tired of reading successes. 
I too ended up at AA only after I had run out of other options. I had already been through treatment twice so my insurance would cover no more. After three more years of drinking putting my family through hell and becoming suicidal because I could see no way out I dragged my butt to an AA meeting. I couldn't stand the talk god at first and I didn't think AA would work but I kept going back. ..I didn't always go to meeting for the right reasons while I was struggling and early in sobriety. Sometimes I went because I wanted to stay sober but some days I went because I wanted to punish my wife by being gone all the time and not helping around the home. Sometimes I went to meetings simply because I was making friends and I would sometimes get invited to do things after meetings. Sometimes i went because i had nothing better to do.I went to meetings for many reasons but regardless of the reason I kept going back even after I relapsed a couple of times. I started working the steps and doing service work in order to emulate others who appeared to have what I wanted..Around the three month mark something clicked for me. The desire to drink went away and I was enjoying myself more than I ever had or have since. Those first couple of years of sobriety in AA was the happiest time of my life...Even though I had not believed AA would work I was lucky to find the right groups the right people the right type of sponsor and develop the right attitude by emulating people who genuinely appeared to have achieved some real level of happiness. Everything fell into place for me to stay sober.  To me it was a once in a lifetime miracle alignment of all the the necessary pieces of the sobriety puzzle. ..Getting sober was a lot of work and with kids today I don't believe I have the energy to do it again. Additionally while I don't attend AA that frequently anymore I do go back to the same groups that I sobered up with from time to time. Something always seems to be missing. Mostly missing are the young people that were around when I sobered up and who helped make these first couple of years a blast. Another thing that is missing is that I am no longer struggling so I don't find myself desperately willing to do anything and everything. ..In conclusion I truly believe that my early sobriety was magical and that I was extremely lucky that everything played out exactly as it did. I truly owe my sobriety to the people that were there for me when I needed them and had they not been the people that they were I may have never succeeded in finding sobriety.  I don't feel that I can expect everything to work out as perfectly next time so I do what I need to doand make sure that I don't need to start over again.
