-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12v85l/i_fully_expected_this_and_i_start_again_today/

Yes I had a relapse. Yesterday was my birthday I also got a positive job interview/ trial the day before. .On my way home I knew what I wanted. I bought two bottles of wine dinner and I celebrated... .The next day had lunch with my wife  and another couple of glasses of wine. .I had scorching headaches through the evening and over night. I didn't feel as guilty as i imagined. .Today I got the call that confirmed that I got the job. I start in two weeks. .I just want to say that I didn't fall back into it. I had no intention of having other drinks today or tomorrow . I'm happy to say that I actually decided that I feel better  when I don't drink   but on few occasions..This might be an important page that I turned. I actually don't feel like drinking! .I know it doesn't make me cured but I feel good about this. .I'd be very satisfied if I could just carry on with this new found control. .Stopping drinking for a few weeks turned things around  I have no intention on ruining this. .
----------immediate responses--------

Cool! Maybe you are not an alcoholic...In my book only you can decide that.  If the control thing works ENJOY!..All Best
I wish you the best. I will just add that almost none of us had intentions of ruining things. It kind of just goes with the territory.
Good to hear that you're handling yourself better. Keep an eye on those hangovers; nobody should have to deal with those. Keep it up!
Just reminds me of how much I don't miss the way wine makes me feel...usually headachey and sick almost instantly.  I hope things go ok for you I would go through dryer periods before and think I had it down but during my wet phases I knew moderation was just not in my DNA.  So try not to forget the lessons you've learned whilst becoming sober it may be better to no give in to that temptation anymore so you don't have to climb back out of the bottle later.  Just a thought.
