-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12zltc/one_year/

I won't bore you all with how I decided to stop drinking. All you need to know is I was a highly functional alcoholic whose life revolved around when I could get my next drink. I wasn't drinking handles and blacking out but I was drinking enough to realize it was too much...I stopped cold turkey (do NOT do this) and I went through mild withdrawals. Even though they were considered mild they were scary as hell. By the third day after my last drink the symptoms were enough to make me visit the urgent care clinic. They sent me to the emergency room. I got there they stabilized me and sent me home with some lorazepam to counter the withdrawal. I can tell you that the emergency room was the last place I expected to go. I didn't realize I was that dependent. It sounds cliche but it scared me straight...The next few months were hard. My body was trying to stabilize itself without the alcohol and that manifested as random panic attacks being really tired and general uneasiness. I began taking lots of vitamins and eating healthier to help replenish what alcohol robbed from me...After a few months I was able to start going to the gym without fear of inducing a panic attack. Since then I've lost 30+ pounds and have never felt better in my life; not only physically but also mentally. I am no longer waking up hungover and spending the entire day recovering only to start it all over again. I wake up refreshed work a productive and pleasant day. I work out. I cook. I read. I think. Before I quit life was just waiting around until my next drink...Now I am living...I'm not going to tell you how you should recover but only that the grass is truly greener over here. The struggle is worth it. Good luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing! This is very inspirational.
Awesome!  Did you use any programs (AA SMART etc) or just do it on your own?
I swear i could have wrote that
Awesome story of putting down the bottle and starting to show up in your own life - congrats you deserve the rewards you're getting!
Congratulations! Keep up the good work!
"Now I am living."  Welcome to life.  It's actually pretty damn good once you get the booze out of it.  ..Thanks for the positive post and reminder of how to fight the good fight and that it's very much worth it.  You are an inspiration though you may not know it.  Keep going friend..
