-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/135fx4/second_relapse_in_less_than_a_month_im_starting/

Drank my three bottles again last night. Was feeling great but didn't do anything constructive at all. Just sitting and drinking. Feeling great... .I don't need to drink everyday but I enjoy too much when I do. ..Today headaches bad mood tired as hell arguments with strangers... ..I wanted to stop to make my life better. And the minute it started to get better I felt like drinking on it. .I know I'm gonna drink again over the weekend. Birthday party visitors from abroad.. .I'd just like to learn a bit of control. Wonder if some of you can do it . .When I start I need to pass out on it . In need to finish it. If there's not enough you bet I'll go get more. Is that alcoholism? Or is it just drinking problem? .I need some rules. I think I cannot be successful if I cut completely. I'll just binge after a few weeks. .I just need the self control. .Anyone here managed to just cut down successfully? 
----------immediate responses--------

I tried many times in the past to cut down and it never worked.  I remember the last time -  I had packed 3 beers to go to a party and as I was waiting for the bus I thought to myself that I'm going to have to "borrow" beer after an hour since there was no way I could only drink 3 beers.  Towards the end I think I knew I had a problem I just didn't want to admit it...As far as whether or not your behaviour is alcoholism no one can tell you that except for yourself.  I knew when I looked at myself one morning and finally accepted that once I start drinking two things happen: 1. I will not be able to stop and 2. I have no idea what's going to happen...If you want to quit but are concerned you can't do it on your own it may be worth checking out AA.  It's been a huge help for me and I know it's there for me if I ever into a really bad spot.
Three bottles of what? How much is that in ounces? ..Alcoholics do not cut down successfully. Why do you want to cut down besides headaches and arguments?..Maybe you aren't ready to face facts ukzario.  It takes awhile for some of us. 
&gt;Anyone here managed to just cut down successfully?..I tried a lot. I never really succeeded and it wasn't until I was a couple of months quit that I finally figured out why: I hate being half-drunk...I either control my drinking or I have a good time with my drinking. It's one or the other for me. The thought of having one beer sounds abominable to me. If I was going to drink I was going to *drink.*..I suggest you take a look at [this](http://www.aa.org/bbonline/) book. Read chapter 3 beginning on page 30. Here's a choice nugget from the first paragraph to pique your interest:..&gt;The idea that somehow some day he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates.of insanity or death...Read the rest if you're interested. If you see yourself in any of the rest of that chapter or in any of the rest of it you might consider whether or not you've got this thing too. My best to you.
Theoretically there are those of us who can go from being full-bore alcoholics to someone who can control their drinking. Unfortunately it's a lot like training cats possible in theory but despite the video evidence of some guy doing it in Russia it's highly unlikely you'll be able to pull it off yourself. Best of luck with that though.
Oh for the dream!  Look friend if you could moderate you would already be doing so.  You already know that you don't want to and simply do not "control" your drinking.  Belive me I spent 10 years hoping trying attempting to be a "normal" drinker.  And believe me 3 bottles of anything but beer is not normal.  ..Once I got sober I could spot normal drinkers easily.  I don't know how I missed them before.  But these are people who almost never get drunk.  They literally have 1-3 servings and simply stop.  ..Like you 3 servings was never even close to enough.  Like you I loved the feeling of getting drunk and oh how nice it was to fade into black without having to care if I was in bed undressed or at home.  But how I damaged my day-to-day living!  That is alcoholism to me.  
It took a long grueling year but I was able to cut down from 12-18 ounces of gin to 6 beers per night. THat year sucked. I wanted more every time I drank. It never felt good enough it always felt like it was 'just the tip'. ..I spent the next two years fighting to not drink every day. Maybe just every other day ... or just the weekends. It was so goddamned hard. ..Then another year of weeks of sobriety which would lead into me letting myself have 2 drinks on Friday. Which would lead to 4 Saturday and 6-8 sunday then 4-6 per day for weeks or months. ..I've gone longer. I made 6 months and then had 1 glass of wine while out to dinner. THen 2 the next day at home. Then 2 per day for a few days then what the hell! A whole sixpack one night. Then 4-6 per day for a few months. ..The first stage of all of this is what psychologists call 'harm reduction.' You're trying to at least get out of puking/crosseyed/hangover mode and when that's where you are that's great! Reduce the harm! That took me work but the 4-6 drinks per day space is really no fun. Depressed irritable I don't learn or remember things nothing's fun and I'm anxious and worried all the time. All of the bad feelings build slooooooooooooowly and the good feelings (aka wheeee drunkytimes! woooo) fade faster. ..It took my many attempts over several years. One thing to try really hard to drill into your mind is the list of negative effects. Really try to cut through all the BS advertising painted on top of booze and see the negative effects. It's an anaesthetic that makes you more of a loudmouth uncultured boor.  That's it. ..I used to celebrate long stretches of sobriety by drinking. It seems so crazy now. It's like celebrating long stretches of NOT molesting children by hanging out at the playground. 
