-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/138z4k/nearly_8_weeks_doing_ok_just_a_few_notes/

Hi everyone I've lurked for a while and decided to request a badge. Things are going ok I guess. It's coming up for 2 months without a drink...I've been to the pub several times with friends and managed to not drink each time. I've enjoyed being able to maintain my concentration when people are talking to me rather than focusing on getting another mouthful of alcohol inside me and then becoming sloppier and worse company. Then I've made sure I didn't stay out later than I wanted or would enjoy and headed home (looking forward to feeling fresh and smug in the morning)...I've been up and down emotionally which has been surprising to me. I think I figured that when I stopped drinking I'd no longer get depressed or fill with despair. That hasn't completely been the case however it's good to know that I can actually work on that positively while I'm sober. When I was drinking I'd rule out a lot of the things I can now do to work on my emotional well-being. I think I feel like I can get to know myself a bit better now...I've saved a load of money. I recently went to Brussels with my SO and neither of us drank. We just spent the money on delicious food. I was tempted to drink some beer (in Belgium it almost seemed criminal not to). However I realised it wouldn't make me enjoy the holiday any more in fact I'd most likely feel bad about it. Also without all those beer calories I could enjoy more cakes and chocolate...So I feel like I'm taking the situation with quite a satisfying amount of levity. I've lost weight been able to improve my diet as I don't crave pizza for my hangover in the mornings and done a lot of reading which is something I did very little of when in the fog of alcohol...It's not magically fixed everything in my life. However the most positive aspect for me (health etc. aside) is that over the last (nearly) 8 weeks I've not made a single decision or performed any action due to having consumed alcohol. ..So sure I've been lazy at times I've felt depressed I've likely annoyed other people. However I've not been lazy because I was drunk the night before I've not felt depressed because I've been drinking and I've not got on people's nerves because I'm drunk. Everything I've done has been as a result of being sober and I can work on improving things if I'm sober...I'm not attempting to be profound and sorry if this is a rubbish analogy but I guess I feel like I'm a complicated jigsaw. When I'm drinking I might be able to fit some pieces in the right places or maybe I'll just get upset that I can't do it and smash the thing to pieces (if I can be bothered to get the box out of the cupboard). If I'm sober the jigsaw might still be very difficult and I might struggle to fix it all together but at least I'm giving myself the best chance of being successful at completing it; at least I can get the pieces out of the box and have a proper go...Hmmm I'll stop waffling on now. Cheers (with a lime and soda!).
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing great and I think a lot of us can relate to what you have said here. Also I liked the jigsaw analogy.
Be careful. What have you changed about your lifestyle in order to protect your sobriety? Other than quitting the drink seems like you're still hanging around bars. Be very careful. Relapse is insidious.
Hey that was kinda profound for me. I know I need to temper my expectations that everything will be all rosy once I have a bunch of time in and it's really nice to hear that isn't true but that feeling depressed and lazy occasionally isn't worth drinking over.  
This is a great story to read as my SO and I are currently planning our first trip together where I will be 100% sober..As you can imagine she is very much looking forward to it!.Thanks for sharing. 
