-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13cg6u/one_week/

One week ago from today I hit another bottom after relapsing from over 6 months of sobriety. I had always considered AA but could never really build up the courage to go to a meeting. I have pretty bad social anxiety one of the reasons I drank so much to begin with. After taking the advice from some people in this subreddit I went to my first AA meeting a week ago and have been to 4 others this week. Although that first meeting was pretty daunting for me I find it easier to go to meetings now. Although I still find it hard talking in front of the group about what I've been through it gets a little easier at each meeting. I haven't got a sponsor yet but have met a few younger guys like myself who I may ask after a few more meetings. ..I tried unsuccessfully for over three years to completely stop drinking and I really believe AA is going to help me this time. I am also going to make more of an effort to be active on this forum because in the past it has been an invaluable form of support - thanks guys. I recommend that anyone considering AA to give it a chance. Go to as many meetings as you can in a week and I guarantee that there will be at least a few people that you can relate to.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 7 days! In my early days sober I heard a good piece of advice about going into those rooms. In the beginning at least (and maybe longer) *just take what works* for you and leave the rest. You don't have to accept everything you hear 100%. Just take one little piece at a time that helps you for today. ..All the very best - you can do it! And remember that if you stay sober that the bottom you hit a week ago can very well be the LAST bottom the LAST hangover you ever feel. Keep going!
Awesome! Staying active in sobriety is key... meetings are a big part of that for me.
Awesome man - Someone already said it but it's important to just take out of the meeting what works for you.  I let a lot of things about AA turn me away for many years and have never in my life tried to honestly work sobriety. I'm still a noob in sobriety but I have 60 days of a clear mind under my belt after going almost 20 years with some form of substance in my body.  I've gone to a meeting everyday for 60 days now and I plan to do that for at least 90 and then after that who knows I might still go everyday for a while.  Losing sobriety this go around is not an option for me.  Keep it up!
Congratulations on your week and congratulations for trying something different when what you had tried before didn't work...If you think you're set on a home group get yourself to the middle of the herd for a while. Get the names and phone numbers of people who you find interesting. Give them your number too. Meetings are the public face of AA but behind the scenes there's a huge network of address books phones and people ready to drop everything.
I'm so happy for you - congratulations!
Congratulations mate! Keep going!.
