-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13hcwd/needed_suggestions_for_associating_with_sober/

A major obstacle in my shaky path to sobriety is not having anyone to spend time with while alcohol is not present. My family drinks. My friends drink and use other things. And the only person in the world who was willing to quit with me and support me (ex gf) is now not willing to talk to me at all. ..A HUGE enemy during this process for me is the weekends. I'm 24(m) and all my buddies party it up on the weekends. Every time I turn around there is some "event of the century" to get drunk at. Parties shows/concerts birthdays...you name it. Other than AA meetings (which I've yet to muster the gumption to attend one) and church gatherings/events (certainly not for me) I struggle to come up with much else where sober people congregate or just hang out. I mean places where interaction is not only welcomed but part of the experience. Maybe like a non religious youth group or something? Idk. Any suggestions are appreciated. Thanks..Edit: Thank you all for the responses. They are much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

You might try meetup.com some cities have sober meetup groups that hang out for board games and such. I've tried it a bit one problem is that for better or worse sober-focused groups tend to have a wider age range and I generally don't want to have to hang out with people's little kids etc. just because I'm sober... but the easy solution here is if you want a "sober 20-30 something meetup group" and one doesn't exist in your town make one! Chances are there are other people just as interested. Now if I could just put my money where my mouth is...
Find young people's AA meetings in your town/area. Attend them. More than once. It takes a little while but you'll make sober friends.
Go to the gym.  There are always a group of guys lifting weights together on Friday nights.  Join one and start hanging out there--people who spend time at gyms on Friday nights aren't drinking they're lifting! :)..Gyms are great places to meet lots of other people who are more into their fitness than they are getting drunk.  It worked for me anyways. 
I don't know about where you live but on friday and weekends here coffee shops and malls tend to be open until about 10 or 11. Great place to go if you want to hang out and relax with a book.
Sports? There may be some leagues around that you can join.
What do you like to do (besides drink)? Get out there and do it and chances are you'll meet other people interested in the same things. We all ended up with drinking friends drinking places and drinking activities because our hobby (or full time job) became drinking. ..Learn a sport pick up a new hobby do something outdoors take a class learn an instrument volunteer somewhere. etc. and you'll meet people whose lives don't revolve around alcohol. Focus on healthy activities and personal growth in other words and the friendships will follow.
I have the same problem. I'm 33/m live in NYC and the weekends are definitely the hardest part. All the advice in this thread has been good but I understand how hard it is to follow it. Wish I had something more helpful to add but I can relate
The YMCA is a good place to chill out on the weekends. Especially in the evenings. There's usually a pickup game or a jam session or some such thing going on. Often for free...Plus there are women. Young fit women.
