-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13l2vo/powerlessness/

I've been having an issue coming to terms with the admission of powerlessness in the first step. It seems as though on different days I can either get that "I am powerless over alcohol" but not that my "life is unmanageable" or the other way around but not both at once...This is compounded by the fact that I am a woman in a program designed by men for men. Women already deal with a lot of powerlessness in their day to day lives and I think that generally might drink for different reasons: not because they feel as though they have power and control over everything but because they feel as though they have power over nothing and to add alcohol to that list can do more harm than help...Has anyone else struggled with this either as a women or as someone more experienced than I am in the program? It seems like when most of the men talk they were dealing with completely different psychological issues than I am.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow what a great question. I don't really have an answer for you but you might want to check out [Women for Sobriety](http://womenforsobriety.org/beta2/) or women-only AA meetings (if you're lucky enough to live in an area that has them). I find them completely and utterly different from co-ed AA meetings. ..I asked [a question about kind of about powerlessness](http://redd.it/12q2i0) awhile ago and got some good answers. I'll be keeping an eye on this thread to see what comes up. 
I'm curious how you could separate these two from each other. When I went through step 1 I was told that the latter was as a direct consequence of the former. In other words powerlessness over alcohol was the cause and unmanageability of life was the effect...I'm not really sure why you think that men drink because they have control over everything. It doesn't look that way from our perspective anyway. Whatever power I wield I've certainly never been made aware of it and it doesn't appear to have helped get anywhere...Men invented cars and airplanes too by the way. I've not heard anyone say that driving or flying is more difficult for women as a result of that.
I got stuck on step one as well. The result was me saying "fuck it I'm not powerless and I don't need a 'higher power' to get me through this"...So far so good. ..Have you tried the "I AM WOMAN HEAR ME ROAR" approach?
Powerlessness over alcohol for me means that once I take that first drink I have no idea what will happen. I basically have no power to stop after taking the first drink.  ..My life is unmanageable as demonstrated by my lack of ability to cope with life on life's terms. I couldn't even handle a dinner with inlaws without drinking or an impending trip to the dentist or helping my child with homework. Prioir to recovery I thought I was managing but with some sober time my definition of "manage" has changed somewhat...In a meeting we will often hear stuff we can't relate to. Thats ok just focus on the things that will help you stay sober. If something really bothers you debrief with your sponsor. If you need to only attend women's meetings for awhile that is fine too. I only attended women's meetings when I first started out but now I do either. I like hearing from those crusty old-timers in the back of the room!
Personally I think the first step is inaccurately worded. It should be "powerless over my alcoholism". This means that there is nothing we can do to get rid of that condition; we will always be alcoholic. We do however have power in how we deal with and recover from our alcoholism. As long as I was drinking my life was unmanageable - maybe not completely but increasingly. The unmanageable part was a direct result of my drinking. I can't really help with this part as my life was desperately unmanageable in the end. I was unable to meet many of my basic responsibilities in life - toward my family job home and myself. The alcohol was impairing my ability to function mentally and physically whether I was actively drinking or not.
I don't really believe I am powerless.. to a certain extent. I mean yeah once I start drinking I'm going to keep drinking but I alone have the power to refuse that first drink.
I wish there were more women in AA...I need emotional release and most men including myself don't seem to know how to do this well.  When I'm at a meeting with a woman who really shares her feelings about something I go through some cathartic sympathy or something that is helpful to me and gives me permission to share in a similar fashion...Somewhat of an aside and I don't mean to say women are all emotions or something just saying it's good for me..
