-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13lyn9/you_have_been_my_loudest_cheerleaders_and_now_i/

Well I made it. A full year of continuous sobriety. ..I remember this time last year my family was in town. The first time I had seen them in ages and I get a DUI. I had to call my sister to pick me up from the police station. Talk about awkward Thanksgiving day conversation!! I thought I would never recover from such shame. I thought sobriety was just something I would never have. So many years of struggling with not only my alcoholism but post-traumatic stress feelings of inadequacy loneliness self-doubt the list goes on...But this year all of my family called to wish me happy one year and I can not wait to see everyone! I'm no longer ashamed. I've made huge strides this year and though it sounds cliche Ive never felt stronger or more secure about my recovery. ..Thank you r/stopdrinking . My pocket support group my online sponsors my loudest cheerleaders. You have all changed my life for the better. People I've never met I absolutely owe my life to...Thank you thank you thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a really great post.  Congrats on one year!
Really happy for you man Congratulations! 
One year is fantastic.  365 days in a row you've said "One day at a time."  Congratulations!
[deleted]
Happy birthday ...
Congratulations. It must be a very happy Thangsgiving!
Many many people don't make it this far. Wonderful achievement! Now do it again!
Congrats! I got sober on Thanksgiving as well just one year ahead ;) 
Great post. Congratulation on a year!
Fantastic! There's nothing cliche about getting better :) Congrats.
My year is coming up! Also a thanksgiving-induced sober person.  Congrats!
Way to go! Proud of you!
You guys are my encouragement! Congratulations on the year man look forward to being there too some day.
Awesome this sub has been really helpful for me too.  Lots of great ideas and lots of encouragement.
[deleted]
Congratulations!
