-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13rbee/what_are_some_nice_things_the_sober_you_does_to/

The thought that haunted me for years about my drinking was "It doesn't have to be so hard." Everything was hard everything was a struggle. Finding matching socks was too hard. Paying the bills was a huge effort. Cleansing myself was a chore. ..Now at night before I go to bed I fill the kettle with water and set out my tea cup bag and cereal stuff. This means when I wake up I just have to stumble over to the kettle and turn it on. I'm always absurdly thankful to my last-night self for being so considering of the now-future self as I pour my tea. ..Turns out I really like doing little things like this going over and above predicting what I'll want or need in the near future and making sure it's accessible. Do you do things like this?..Of course I kind of fear that this is something "normal" people do all the time but hells I'm enjoying it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Avoids the beer aisle at the grocery store and the class six (liquor) section of the shopettes on post.
Yeah - I do the night-time routine thing as well.  Though with my gym stuff.  ..I clean the house properly as well.  Iron shirts -all those normal kind of things. Then I have a clean place ironed shirts.  I still tend to have clothes hanging all over the house in various states of dryness.  It's not so bad though.
Yep setting the coffee maker to start brewing five minutes before my alarm goes off. It's like a little caffeine gets in through my nostrils.
I don't yet but I'm starting to crave a new routine. I want to do things like this on a daily basis. 
I am *seriously* bothered by dirty dishes and living with/drinking with a cook and his compatriots usually meant waking up hungover to a filthy kitchen that would give me uncalled for moments of rage first thing in the morning. I'd go to work late because it took me so long to clean up or in a horrible mood feeling like a failure because I didn't get it done. When I'm sober I always have the energy to spend 10 minutes tidying up the kitchen before I go to bed and even if the boys partied all night I feel well enough in the morning to take care of the mess without freaking out...If anyone wonders why the boy can't do his own damn dishes I've tried every polite request/chores schedule/death threat I can think of but if you've ever worked a 10 hour day as a dishwasher you understand why I let him off the hook after a while. I work in a call center all day so I almost never talk on the phone outside of work same idea. 
[deleted]
My 'at risk' times are in the evening after work so I minimize the amount of caffeine I drink during the day and try to eat a healthy lunch and an early dinner before leaving work. This knocks down two of the H.A.L.T. pins without me even trying. ..I also got some good from writing motivational letters from morning-me to evening-me and back. It's a lot tougher to just say fuck it and flip the switch when you know you're going to get an angry email tomorrow. Man work really has trained me. Well whatever it works.
