-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13yepi/relapse_and_now_my_resolve_is_shaky/

I had two months sober. Then I spent a weekend working on a project with friends. I knew going in that this was problematic but I just let it happen. Didn't get wasted but the mere act of knocking a few back has weakened my resolve. ..I don't know. There's no one else who can work my recovery for me but I'm just caught in the middle right now. Back to ten days sober. Feeling okay about my life in general but now there's a thought in the back of my mind that I'm just waiting for the next convenient opportunity to drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  now there's a thought in the back of my mind that I'm just waiting for the next convenient opportunity to drink...I've lived like that.  I once quit for over 6 months but I was always looking forward to my next drinking opportunity.  That's why I don't do "one day at a time."  This time I've quit for good. For-evah.  It's not easy to wrap your head around the idea of forever but if you can pull it off it makes things a lot easier.  At least it has for me..
Everytime I told myself "I quit Forever" my alcoholic brain said " thats a long time lets get drunk one more time." Thats why I stay sober for today. Doing that has kept me sober 9496 days in a row one day at a time..
I feel for you that's not a fun place to be. My constant flip-flopping between sobriety and drinking was ultimately starting to drive me crazy. You stop trusting yourself at a core level and things go downhill from there...But! Just sticking with the 'sober' flop feels a lot better. Easier said than done of course but if that's your goal then take what you're going through as a learning experience and get back on the horse before things accelerate. You can get to two months again and even more and it will feel great.
I spent years doing what you're doing. It's so fucking tiring. It was such a waste of mental energy. If there's any way you can nip it in the bud right now please do. 
