-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14232w/ambition_fear_and_acceptance/

So this has been on my mind a bit and I wanted to see what you fine stopdrinkizens think. ..Basically I feel that one of the big reasons I drank was shame over unfulfilled potential. Rather than actually try my best it was easier to let go give up blot out. You guys know how well that worked out.  In my recovery now the world is starting to open up again: steady incremental improvements and generally stable emotionally and even satisfaction with life. And if you've been there you'll know that all this new time and energy also means I sometimes want to take on the world start five companies reach self-actualization save Africa and invent better peanut butter all at once. More down to earth though I've been looking at bigger and better jobs with heavier responsibilities and stress levels and the number one thing that is driving these decisions is... ..Fear of relapse. It took me a while to learn that sobriety comes first but I did. And I am shit-scared of ever drinking again. To the core. What's rustling my jimmies is I feel like that fear makes "no" my default answer to everything from vacations to high pressure work opportunities to social invitations. I just don't know if I'd feel safe. And while I'd rather err on the side of safety first I feel like it's putting me in the same old zone of unfulfilled potential: how do you grow without taking risks but how do you take risks without poking the demon in the eye?..And so finally acceptance. I know that I'm early enough in recovery that things are still very dangerous and that good things come in time. So I'm fine with continuing to err on the side of safety vs. the unknown. I am grateful to be alive. I am grateful to not have messed things up too badly. And I accept how things are right now even enjoy them. Maybe I even accept that I might not reach that great potential that keeps haunting me. But how will I ever know?..Intellectually I think the answer is probably along the lines of "give it your best shot accept whatever outcome you get don't drink either way." But emotionally it's harder for me to really *have faith* in that answer...So how do you guys deal with this? How do you know how hard you can push yourself without going into the danger zone? Does clarity come with time? Is safety uncontrollable anyways? Am I overanalyzing things? Am I where I need to be? Unsurprisingly writing this all out has helped me more than I expected...And here's some stopdrinking medicine for today: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyVzjoj96vs Good luck getting that one out of your head...Thanks SD and have a good sober day everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Well those are some mighty big words there. Just so you know people with 10-20 years of sobriety still speak about dealing with fear and acceptance. It's a big topic...I notice the word "faith" gets thrown in there too so I wanted to share something I read recently regarding faith vs. doubt and courage vs. fear. There's a passage in the big book that talks about courage not being a lack of fear but the ability to continue in spite of fear. In other words in order to show courage fear is *essential.* The same goes for faith and doubt. If you don't have doubts you have no need for faith. In fact the greatest faith goes hand in hand with the greatest doubt...In my opinion the key to your dilema lies in giving everything you've got and expecting absolutely nothing in return. That requires a faith in something like god; basically a faith that everything is going to turn out ok whether it turns out how you wanted it to or not. It means giving up on the idea that you know what's best but still knowing that if you do what you know how right now the next event or circumstance will tell you where to go from there...Is it reckless to let go of the rope like that? It hasn't been for me so far. Is it scary to not know what's going to happen next and not be able to prepare ahead of time? Yep. Does it relieve more stress than it causes? Surprisingly yes. It takes a little getting used to and it takes some serious re-working of your head to not try to control every last detail but if you can simply let go it's much easier than trying to hold the entire world on your shoulders. That's my experience anyway.
"Pride is not the opposite of shame but it's source..True humility is the only antidote for shame"..--Uncle Iroh..This is on my home desktop right now. I was sober for seven years before I took the first drink that led to nearly three years of black outs. I've been sober since the day before Thanksgiving...Listening to the other sober people in AA scares me...Alcohol made me perfectly satisfied to push the world away and for me to be left alone. I don't want to isolate myself any longer. Fear and isolation are two of the things that built up when I was drinking. I know I've only been sober for week this time and I can't say that I'll never take another drink but today I probably won't pick up. ..Something that I heard in AA is that alcoholics have a living problem that leads to a drinking problem. Alcoholics don't know how to deal with life so we drink. Other people deal with the same pressures and don't drink. Alcoholics can grow spiritually and also not drink...I heard on the good days there is joy and on the bad days you grow...Have you been to an AA meeting and met with anyone who has been there before?
Hmm. So it sounds like you know "intellectually" that you really just have to suck it up so to speak but you're afraid of doing so. Jump and a net will appear and all that crap. ..Yeah I think there's no way to think yourself out of that or for anyone to sufficiently explain it. I think you just have to jump...But before you do please do me a favor and get your jimmies rustling on inventing a new peanut butter. Thanks!
Well. This makes me have profound thoughts on a Saturday morning...Profound thoughts with muppets...Good morning!..Respecting your sobriety is not necessarily fear but you are the best barometer for that evaluation. Pursuing the potentional and making friends with it sober look alike where you are right now and that's not too bad...  :).
