-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1430nh/saturday_share_1_day_early_sorry/

I won't be near a computer tomorrow and wanted to keep my word that I'd do this weekend's share so I'm doing it tonight. ..What it was like -  My earliest memory is sitting at the dinner table age 6 or so and trying to tell my family something. Nobody was listening so I decided right then and there to just stop trying to be heard.I am the youngest of 5 kids middle then upper middle class upbringing. 2 loving parents who basically never drank. My siblings were like anyone else's I would imagine. We would bicker and annoy each other but nothing bad. Except my brother closest to me in age. He terrorized me straight through high school. Physically and emotionally tormented me at every turn. The only thing I had to protect myself was my words and he helped me hone my sharp tongue that I used against everyone throughout my life...We moved around a lot so I kept having to try to fit in. The last time we moved I was in 6th grade and I distinctly remember saying "fuck it I'm not even gonna bother making friends". Eventually I made friends anyway and we managed to stay in our new town for the rest of school. I got shitty grades from 1st grade on because I just refused to put the work in...What happened - The first time I drank I was 14. I drank to blackout. Woke up with the worst feeling ever. Thought I might be dying. Knew immediately that I wanted to do it again. High school was pretty typical. Drank on weekends tried (and used regularly) various "soft" drugs. Sent to rehab at age 16 (twice) and age 17 (twice more) but insisted my parents were overreacting. Kicked out of my house in January of my senior year after I came home drunk at 6pm and my dad found drugs money etc in my room...Moved into apartment with several friends. Continued drinking more and more frequently yet still managed to graduate HS. Got a job continued drinking. Lather rinse repeat until age 25. Tried cocaine for the first time. Put myself in rehab to quit using cocaine but quitting drinking was insane. Felt deep deep shame telling my parents I was addicted to cocaine. Left rehab continued drinking but quit using cocaine. 7 months later my father died suddenly at age 56. Couldn't or wouldn't handle my emotions. Drank more and more...From 25 until age 30 I just keep falling deeper and deeper into depression anger and hopelessness. Pushed the love of my life away. Drank drank drank...Age 30 is when the blackouts started. I'd had them here and there throughout my life but now they were happening every day. Held down a good job (running a bar) for as long as I could. My apartment was soooooooo filthy i became suicidal and violent for the first time in my life. I was truly and utterly scared. ..Got fired. Drank last paycheck away while living with Mom. Put myself in rehab. Got honest for the first time. Went to halfway house. I honestly never wanted to drink again but I wasn't willing to work on changing who I was. Left after a couple months. Relapsed next day. Scrounged for booze or pills or whatever while living with my buddy for the next four months. Tried to talk myself into suicide every day for four months. No hope left...A dear friend of mine got cancer. I went to see him. He was in the shower but his pain pills were in the kitchen. Stole 4 of them. Went home and ate them. Woke up next morning planning to break into his house to steal the rest. Couldn't be that guy anymore. I refused to be that person for one more day. Decided to give rehab and the program of AA a real try for the first time...Went from rehab to a halfway house 2 hours away. Started working steps and really listening when other people told me about myself. It was suggested to me that I do things I didn't want to do. The more I didn't want to do something that my therapist or sponsor suggested the more important I knew it was. Opened my mind up to the whole Higher Power thing. Honestly looked for God as I understand him. Worked my fourth and fifth steps. The day after my fifth step was the first time I can ever remember *feeling* like I was going to be OK. Stayed in new town when I graduated program...What it's like now: Just celebrated 3 years sober on October 18th and it felt great. I am employed at the halfway house I went to (full time with benefits!) and am about to enroll in college. I''l be a 34 year old freshman but it's cool. I'll get through it. I'm less active in AA now for various reasons but I still have my homegroup that I'm active in. I am an Atheist and my HP is my incredible support group which includes 2 friends I used to "run" with. I look to help others (alcoholic or not) whenever possible and that makes me feel good. I have slowly rebuilt my relationship with my family. I love spending time with all my nieces and nephews...I have a lot more work to do. I'm still terrible with money I am not what you would call easily approachable there are still things about myself that I don't like. But the greatest gift that sobriety has given me can only be taken away if I drink again. That is the gift of serenity. No matter what happens I'm OK. Just don't drink today RiotHam and you'll be OK...TL;DR: If I can do it you can do it. Most importantly **you are worth it**.
----------immediate responses--------

Inspiring story. Thank you for sharing.
That is powerful stuff. The pain pill story really gets me - couldn't be that guy for one more day.
Good timing and on theme big share its really hitting home this week the work requiredthe willingness required to change...ps it's Saturday here :&gt;
Wow what an amazing story. Thanks so much for putting it all out here. You have so much to be proud of. You're right. If you can do it *I* can do it!
Thanks for sharing your story.  A lot of it hit home for me as often happens here.  I'm in a fragile place at the moment feeling torn between the drunken world I've always known and the unknown world of sobriety I want to live in and stories like this give me hope thanks again.
Thank you for sharing!
:)
Thanks for the share the part about stealing from your friend was a reminder to me of how selfish I was. When I was drinking I would steal whatever it took to keep me in booze nobodies money was safe around me.. Thanks again
Thank you for sharing! really inspiring!
