-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/143bc7/massive_success_today/

Today as often happens on a friday afternoon we celebrated (during working hours no escape). I saw the writing on the wall when they broke out the champagne and orange juice and started pouring and handing out glasses. The last time I relapsed it started on a day just like this. On that day they poured and I drank. I rationalized it... sometimes I'll need to drink a little for work to fit in I can handle this.  I handled it just fine and I handled the drink the next night just fine too and I handled going to the bar with people from work that friday fine too and any alcoholic knows where that led... many months of relapse. ..But today today as they were pouring I calmly walked up to the person pouring and said "I'll take one with just orange juice". Someone else said "A virgin orange juice for dave" and I just ignored them and took my non alcoholic beverage. Several people had to have noticed and nobody said anything else and nobody gave me any strange looks or asked any questions. I was offered champagne refills no less than 3 more times and I just said 'no thanks'. ..It would have been so easy to take a glass with champagne and nobody would have cared one bit. I could have drank enough to get pretty drunk during working hours with all of my co-workers and driven home drunk. And I can tell you if I drank at work today I would have come home and kept drinking. But I didn't and I didn't and it wasn't as hard as I thought and I think I can keep doing this!..tl/dr; I said no despite work-related pressure to drink and it wasn't as hard/bad as I thought it would be.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations that must have been tough. Strange place you work at allowing employees to drink at work. Be strong and hang in there!
Good deal DFA. ..it amazes me the under reaction from folks when to me it's as if I have a brand on my forehead.....But Not making the same mistake! Champion!
Awesome dude! That's some tough peer pressure you withstood!
You rock man! 
Good on you man! i understand all too well how easy it is to drink at work. I work at at bar. Dumb I know. Tonight was the first night I was able to stay completely sober. One shot always leads to two and two leads to forgetting I was quitting drinking. Here's to my first week* sober :) go us dude!
&gt;It would have been so easy to take a glass with champagne and nobody would have cared one bit...OMG not true. We could have cared SO MUCH! Congrats man. More (and more) power to you. 
Well done! And the next time you say "no thanks" no-one will bat an eyelid.
Congratulations! These are exactly the types of situations I have struggled with in the past and continue to worry about. Hearing an example like this one gives me strength. Thank you for sharing this accomplishment!!
Nice job! 
The force is strong with this one
Bravo. I've yet to make day one. 
When you've been in the drinking culture for any length of time your perception gets skewed and you begin to think that everybody drinks like you do. The fact is not everybody does...In the real world there are people who have never drunk people who don't drink for religious or cultural reasons people who just don't like alcohol -- it goes on and on...So when a drinker all of a sudden decides not to drink for whatever reason he/she thinks it's a momentous thing and that everybody will notice. Actually we're not all that special and our not taking a drink just moves us into that vast and anonymous crowd of folks who just don't drink...In another couple of weeks given the nature of OP's environment it'll just become automatic that he gets plain OJ. Think about it: to a drinker one less means all the more for us.
Hell yes!
