-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/144psv/am_i_overreacting_about_this/

So I had a pretty ugly relapse and ended up stealing my roommates bourbon and drinking almost the whole bottle and therefore missing work the next day.  I paid her back and apologized profusely and told her I was getting back into sobriety (I've been trying to just limit until now but have done short stints here and there over the years) and important I knew it was for me to really try this time.  I came to my parents house this weekend and my mom tells me that my roommate who mind you she's never met and I've only known for a year called her to express concerns and told her all the gory details of the whole mess.  I was planning on telling my parents at a time when I had a few more days in sobriety and in my own way.  I am beyond pissed that she thought she needed to call strangers to her on my behalf.  I know she was just concerned and thought it was the best thing for me blahblahblah but I feel like she took something really important for my recovery away from me.    Thoughts?  Thanks for letting me rant.
----------immediate responses--------

That's bullshit. Roommate had no business doing that to you. Though the heart was probably in the right place she has no right to undermine you in such a way.
I think your roomie was only trying to help. That being said I would be outraged. Seriously angry. BUT you can't change what has happened.  Don't use it as an excuse. You can tell your parents that you have some problems and need some time and space to figure things out. Tell them now isn't the time you would like to discuss your problems and that once you feel able to talk to them about it you will. Tell them you are thankful for their understanding and support.  .Try to take the high road dealing with the roommate as well. You're angry and have a right to be but anger isn't very helpful sometimes. .Congrats on 1 day. .And nice rant. Ranting helps. 
I dunno. Yes I'd be upset. But rhetorical question is this the ONLY incident of your alcohol abuse your roommate has ever witnessed? I doubt it. Some of them you probably don't even remember. ..Therefore under those circumstances I can understand she may have felt angry tired of the drama your excuses irresponsibility; she was worried sick and tired of it and cannot trust you...None of your recovery has been taken from you. You were trying to hide the truth. It's time to get honest. Who's paying for your college? Where do you live when not at school? Rhetorical questions to consider. If I was your mother I'd want to know. ..You said it was "ugly" and "gory". Sounds pretty serious to me.  Plus you did commit a crime after all. Be glad she didn't call the police. She had every right to do so. ..Time to focus on the real issues and not this girly-roommate shit.  
If you don't want people telling your mom that you stole their booze then don't steal their booze. Why is this all about you and your recovery? Somebody got their bourbon janked but you need to come out of this looking like the victim.
Roommate crossed the line...__________________________.-Devil's advocate time-..-*As I don't know you I am writing this as though to myself*-.......What did you do to make roommate cross the line? Is it possible you crossed the line? Have you crossed the line before? Have you crossed the line when it comes to crossing the line with this person?..I can think of more than a few occasions throughout my own struggle where I am astounded nobody called my parents (or emergency services for that matter) when I repeatedly crossed the line with them...Making amends does not restore trust. That's one hard lesson I've learned over the years. ..You robbed someone who trusted you (many of us have done the same) and they (whether out of spite or genuine concern doesn't matter) reacted by alerting your loved ones rather than filing a report that would actually hurt you...Have you lost other relationships to alcohol?..For sure you can be mad at roomie. Before you direct 100% of your anger her way though check that some of it isn't anger at being embarrassed or just you being pissed at yourself for not making that critical move which would have changed the sequence of events and allowed you to cover your ass again this time...Finally if you were waiting to tell anyone until you were a few days into the process it doesn't sound as though you were truly dedicated to the idea. Otherwise a frank discussion with the people closest to you is ~~probably~~ definitely one good way to start...Stick around. I'm celebrating my third week sober in 48 minutes and I'll be posting support quotes from friends and family sometime tomorrow.
Consequences. I understand where you're coming from though. When I was in active addiction I constantly needed to manipulate people I always wanted to tell them MY side of the story MY way without OTHER people interfering...
Lemme see if I have this right:.1. Steal roommates alcohol and relapse on it.2. Roommate gets concerned and talks to your parents.3. YOU get pissed at HER..Do you have any idea just how concerned she must have been to feel like she needed to call up a relative stranger and have a difficult conversation? Think about it - what must she have witnessed over the past year and what must she have seen in your relapse that would drive her to have such an awkward conversation? She was likely pretty unconvinced that your relapse was over and saw that you were heading downhill again...Look I get it - you feel tattled on you think some kind of secret vow of recovery was broken and something from your recovery was taken. Come on the only thing that's been taken from you is something you're apparently already willing to give up - responsibility for your recovery and your actions. Your roommate deserves nothing less than a heartfelt apology that you put her in such an ackward position. And you owe it to yourself to take full responsibility for your recovery from now on. Anything less just isn't going to cut it. Sorry to speak so plainly but this kind of thing is just too important to beat around the bush.
If my roommate knew I had a serious illness that I wasn't discussing with my family I probably wouldn't be TOO upset if she called my mom. It is very difficult for people to deal with sick people. She is worried and I don't blame her.
She's helping you.
When we are drinking we are living tornadoes. As such we set things in motion that can not be controlled once thy are unleached. You did this she did that and blablabla. Just quit drinking put this incident into the "lost" column get yourself into a program and let fog evaporate from your brain. Some day you will be able to look back at this and learn the appropriate lessons. My ten cents.
