-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/147ha6/thank_you/

A week ago I could not stand the man alcohol had turned my husband into any longer. I just wanted him to live again. He always found a reason to drink. 13 years I have begged him to stop. And lately he started to take his shame out on me. He knew he had a problem and wouldn't face it. I told him after another horrible night that he had to chose between our love or his marriage to beer. It hurt and scared me that I would take second place as usual.  But I was falling out of love with him. He was altered. He wasn't the man I knew he should be. And depression was hitting me hard. I had No escape. I never was happy anymore. Even my kids would ask why don't I smile? Why am I so sad. I blamed it on my health issues. I hid his problem from everyone who loves him. For fear it would pull him down more. He is on day 7 today. And he's taking it like a fucking champ.  He has never gone more than 3 days in our whole relationship. And usually drank to celebrate. Which in turn would end the effort. I am so proud of him. I know that he is serious. Of course there is the shakes and the high and lows of quitting. His strength I have never seen is all the more beyond  sexy. I know the world does not recognize these  amazing accomplishments that you all are achieving.. be it a hurdle and a half.  Be it a struggle in yourself. Be it just waiting it out.  I want to express to you all My gratitude For expressing all these feelings and your battles ups and Downs. You are helping me understand his mentality. His struggling and successes .helping me see that every second is a victory.  All the people of this subreddit I commend you for putting up a fight. People love you. And your life is worth so much more sober.Even if No one else has said so let me be the first to say.   Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this as it brought a tear to my eye - a good tear.  ..My wife begged me to stop as well but I did not.  Now I have a restraining order against me and I'm not allowed to talk to her.  I more than deserve the order for what I did while blacked out.  I've asked her via electronic communications if she'll take me back in sobriety and she just will not answer yes or no...I want her to be proud of me - I want to show her so bad that for the first time in my life I want to be sober but I can't.  I love her and our family WAY more than the beer/pot/pills and hope to have the chance to show her one day...I have a strange fear now that I'm sober she'll not think of me as strong for getting and always wanting to stay sober but rather weak for not being able to handle alcohol/drugs like a normal person.  It's irrational as hell I know...Anyway thank you for your post and best wishes to you and your husband!
Thank you for this it's really great to hear the words of encouragement. It's great your husband has put his first week of sobriety together. Does he have a plan to get support and stay in this long term?
[deleted]
It's great to read your comments.  Usually we don't get the other perspective. I really hope for you and your husband that he makes it. If you are having problems of your own do check out http://www.reddit.com/r/AlAnon/ as Soflo1 says it might help you out.  Good luck to the both of you.  We are rooting for you guys.
Thank you for posting this it made me tear up too. I was lucky enough to have a kind longsuffering SO who saw me through the worst times and I want to say I appreciate you too. I don't know how you do it. I don't think I could've put up with me...Thank you for helping him but thank you even more for standing up for yourself and your needs. You can't be strong for him if your life is caught up in the destructive whirlpool cycle of his...I know what you mean about his strength being sexy. =) In time he may recognize the same thing about himself and about your strength too (if he hasn't already).
