-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14dqcp/almost_6_weeks_sober_but_a_friend_is_putting_the/

Good day everyone!..Long-time lurker here female 31.  It's been almost six weeks since I've consumed any alcohol but I am about to go visit a friend from high school in another city and he doesn't seem to understand why I can't go out drinking with him.  We have a history of getting wasted and though I have talked to him many times about my struggles with alcohol he doesn't respect my desire to stay sober and doesn't really understand why I can't just share some wine or drinks at a fancy russian bar with him without going overboard. .I'm not worried about offending him and I have already bluntly reminded him that he is supposed to be a friend and therefore should be happy I am getting my act together. But he can't see why I can't make this one exception so we can go have some fun. .I have been sober except for two occasions over the past six months (my last slip-up was six weeks ago) and my life has improved dramatically. I don't want to cave to this pressure and deal with a hangover or worse consequences..I would appreciate any suggestions that will really drive the point home to this friend of mine. I would rather not spend this vacation discussing alcohol--I just want to go have a good time..
----------immediate responses--------

What is more important to you - staying sober or visiting a "friend" who would pressure you into drinking when you have explicitly stated that you are not interested in drinking...Would you still visit someone who pressured you into doing *anything* else? You're 31 years old so I can only assume he is close to that age as well. He should have learned how to respect boundaries by now...Then again if you go visit him anyway why should he respect your boundaries when you don't respect them yourself?..You are walking into what appears to be at best an irritating situation and at worst a tragic one. And you're doing it with your eyes wide open.
Nice work on the sober time. That's great! I'm not sure there's any silver bullet that will get friends to stop pressuring you but I would reiterate what you said: a true friend would be supportive. You don't even have to tell them why just "I don't drink" end of conversation. If they pressure you change topics. Sometimes I've used true statements like "for health reasons" or "because it doesn't give me enjoyment" to back it up but I'm not sure that's ever made them understand any better. Sometimes it takes time sober to demonstrate to friends that you really mean it and then they stop pestering you. For your vacation do you have sober activities planned? Movies outdoor stuff exercise sightseeing? I've found that planning stuff like that also takes pressure off going to the bars which can be a dangerous/boring place for us in recovery especially if you're with friends who want you to drink. Good luck have fun and keep up the sobriety!
"I've decided not to visit you right now.  Maybe if you change your attitude and can promise me a sober environment or maybe in the future when I become stronger I will change my mind."..In my thinking it's just not worth the risk and I can't see the benefit of visiting a person like that for you at this time.  At six weeks you are doing well but your strength against the cravings will improve even further in the coming months.  Give yourself that time to be safe from alcohol.  Later you may feel strong enough that his behavior will not have such an impact on you...&gt; I can't just share some wine or drinks at a fancy russian bar with him without going overboard..I expect that this will never change for you no matter how much sober time has passed.  You'll be good to remember these words of yours forever.  ..Be well.
So you're going out of town on vacation to meet a guy who you have a long history of partying with and you expect him to read this situation any differently than he is? I think anyone in his position would come to the exact conclusion he has - the only reason why someone would go out of their way at age 31 to meet a high school drinking buddy for an out of town vacation is... to drink. Sometimes people who pressure us to drink are just being assholes but in this case I'd say he might have more insight into the situation than perhaps even you do. Vacation is a huge trigger for most people travel out of town is right up there too old drinking buddies are an even bigger one and friends of the opposite sex (if there is anything history at all other than strictly platonic) maybe the biggest of all. Whatever verbal pressure your friend adds on top is really just him reading the situation for what it is in my opinion. 
Yeah find a new friend. Friends don't ask friends to indulge in potentially-fatal behavior and alcoholism is a fatal disease. It sounds like he has a problem that he doesn't want to address so he's displacing his anxiety on you.
"He doesn't respect my desire to stay sober"..Thats not something a friend does. There is just no reason for a "friend" to insist on pressuring you to do something that a)You've made a commitment to yourself to quit and b) just isnt good for you either way. If he really feels you guys have to drink in order to have a good time  then maybe hes dealing with something himself but its certainly not anything you need to be around at 6 weeks sober. ..Cancel on him. Its not worth risking your sobriety over this. 
Maybe he doesn't understand how important this is for you. Is he suggesting that he won't want to hang out with you *unless* you're both drinking? If so I would just say fine and not hang out with him...If he still wants to hang out and is trying to get you to drink I would just quite firmly say "Look I'm not drinking and that's that". 
dude is not your friend. 
It isn't a matter of controlling him it's a matter of managing your own boundaries. "No" is a good start...* Tell people want you want or don't want in a matter-of-fact way...If that doesn't stop them.....* Be more specific.  Tell them how it makes you feel...If it persists.....* Tell them that you're going to remove yourself from the relationship either temporarily or permanently...If it continues.....* Do exactly what you said you would do. In other words don't warn them of drastic changes unless you plan and are prepared to do exactly what you said...Some believe that boundaries are there to control others which is not the case.  They are there to manage yourself and are not meant as a weapon to be used in relationships..
"Dude fuck off and get over it. I'm not drinking with you". Pretty simple :)
"Go sell crazy somewhere else."
[deleted]
A great line? I heard this one recently:..I wouldn't give up anything in my life for that first drink but I'd give up everything and more for the second.
he's just not where you are. make your sobriety your first priority. you've got six weeks and that can be a fragile time for your triggers. i'd bow out or stay away from bars for the visit. good luck! 
Someone on here had a great one-liner a while ago something like:.."I won't judge you for going out and getting fucked up if you won't judge me for not going out and getting fucked up.  Deal?"..If he has a problem with that he can fuck right off.
"Dude why do you care so much?"
"FUCK YOU! Jesus fucking christ how many fucking times do I have to fucking tell you you dumbass piece of shit. I love you. But i swear to god if you say one more fucking thing about alcohol or even remotely associated with alcohol i will stab you in the neck and curse your future stupid children. But seriously I'm an alcoholic so drop the subject." ..If he's anything like my stupid friends he won't be offended and wuill hopefully get the message you mean it. Your life is more important than anything else. And your sobriety is the key to moving forward. Sometimes it's hard for people to conceptualize the fact that one cannot drink safely especially when they drank with you. In other occasions I've found some friends are skeptical about my sobriety due to their drinking habits mirroring mine. It causes fear and anxiety within them. As long as you can reassure them of your steadfast nature and determination maybe you can be the beacon of hope into their lives. Sometimes a little education can go a long way. Good luck have fun.
Kick him in the balls every time he brings it up. 
[deleted]
He isn't your friend if he's doing that he's someone who is desperate for their old drinking buddy because without you he has to confront his own drinking habits and that is probably making him uncomfortable...Your health is so much more important than one friendship in your life.  It seems you have voiced your concerns (good for you!) and he still has issues accepting what you have said you want...It's time to let him go and meet some new people who support your healthier lifestyle choices and don't guilt you into doing something you have worked so hard to defeat...Proud of you!
Man I know what you mean about being pressured to drink. I went out shopping with a "friend" shortly before I moved away and he offered me alcohol repeatedly throughout the entire night no matter how many times I definitively said no. By the end of the night he was wasted and trying to have sex with me- and he didn't hear "No" then either until I balled my fists up and announced I would fight him with everything I had if he didn't back off...Then he spent the rest of the night crying about how his wife doesn't love him anymore and refused to drive me home until the next morning. I really had no idea how much of a friend he wasn't until that night. Be up front with your friend- if he still doesn't get it after you've spelled it out for him he's not your friend.
You can't control his reaction or feelings about it regardless of how you say it. Just let go. I doubt there are any magic words that will make him understand...Also: don't expect people to be happy for you. Just you be happy with you.
[deleted]
could it be he is actually worried about his own drinking? and seeing you take control and responsibity for your life  just shows him how much worse off he is. when i stopped my drinking buddies tried to get me to drink but my friends (who i still hand with) never encouraged me to. they knew i have a problem and only want whats best. at least you are aware of the pressure that will be put on you have a back up plan incase things get to out of control
i don't know if I have words to offer but I like Allen Carr's thought that others may secretly resent me for having more control than them. And I believe it; I know I secretly hated those  who didn't drink because  i didn't have that self control. Must be my attitude but this time around people aren't bugging me that much.
Tell him a joke:...What did the sober woman say to the friend who insisted she drink with him?.."goodbye."
Wow everyone! What an overwhelming and great variety of responses. I am going on the vacation (I'm not only meeting the friend but some family as well) but I will read your advice if I start to feel susceptible. I appreciate folks taking the time to give me some input on this situation.  
Tell them "I was so good at drinking I had to retire early"
With friends like that who needs enemies?
I had a "friend" like that. When he couldn't get me to keep drinking &amp; being miserable with him he was no longer so friendly. He's not your friend if he doesn't support you. Do something positive with someone positive instead.
Stay Away Stay Far Away!!!
I agree with what people are saying at the moment right now you need to put your sobriety first and focus on you. Maybe go see your friend in a few months when you have more time. However if you do go say if I drink I am allergic I will break out in handcuffs or   I will sleep with people I shouldn't sleep with do things I am not proud of and I need you to respect that. I have found the only people that has every had a problem with me no longer drinking is the people that have a problem themselves and those are people I choose not to associate with today. Keep up the good work one day at a time.
My experience is those who give you a hard time are terrified that it might apply to them too.  At this point your friend is toxic.  I've been sober a long time I could not have done it hanging out with the likes of him.
Congrats on the sobriety. I would say that you don't need a line to shut him up but rather if he can't understand why you can't go drinking with him then he's certainly not worth hanging out with. The future is YOURS live it every day.  Slipping up is not worth it one drink could lead to several more years of terribleness before you get a grasp again and that's if you survive another round of Russian roulette. 
[deleted]
he's a scumbag you might want to try the good ol' "I'm not drinking I quit if u aren't ok with my choice gtfo"
[deleted]
