-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14hoeb/keep_coming_back/

I had gotten drunk a few times before but when I got into high school things really got crazy.  When I drank I felt amazing.  I was always really awkward and self conscious but when I got drunk that all went away.  It seemed like there was never any off switch for me; once I had that first swig I would drink till I threw up and passed out or there was no more left (and even then I had a determination to keep going).  I often got into drugs when I was drunk.  I got into trouble here and there and eventually a judge thought I would be a good candidate for AA meetings.  I had to go 3 times a week and have this stupid card signed.  I was 18 years old and I knew everything.  I would go to the meetings hammered.  I thought the whole thing was a joke but every once in a while I would get inspired to stop drinking.  Sometimes within hours of convincing myself it was time to get my shit together I would be drunk.  What was happening was that I was convincing myself that I was changing my mind that I somehow had a choice.  The fact is: Im an alcoholic and that choice was already made for me.  It was like saying "you can't fire me I quit.".I could not stop but I had the delusion of control.  I told myself that I would quit for good when the time was right.  When I had a career met the right woman when I was done I would stop.  By this time I was in my mid 20's and had been in jail a few times deported back to canada homeless and heavy into the drugs.  You name it I was into it.  I pictured myself as an old man sitting in a rocking chair with a built-in bong and a mini fridge under it filled with brew.  I loved the idea of that but slowly over the years the vision I once had of getting clean and sober or managing my use became fuzzier and fuzzier until I realized one day that I was completely hopeless.  I had been to AA and NA before but it didn't work for me.  I figured my only way out of the hell i was living was suicide and so i tied a noose in an extension chord and broke down in tears.  I was too scared.  On feb 2 2005 I got myself into a detox and was so willing and desperate that I was going to a meeting everyday (sometimes 2 or 3).  This time I was so willing that I got a sponsor and a home group.  I worked the steps and hung out with recovery people with all of my free time.  I was living in a sober-living arrangement and after 4 months it was time to leave the nest.  I took an apartment in a shitty neighbourhood and was free to do what I wanted.  On that first weekend on my own a few sober people were going out to a night club to dance and I wanted to be a part of this group.  They were young sober and still cool somehow.  We got there and I was so awkward without alcohol that I found myself in the back smoking room for most of the evening.  I chain smoked cigarettes like crazy.  That night some pretty girls offered me drinks and I declined.  Some guys offered me a line of blow and I said "no thanks."  A girl offered me an ecstasy pill and I didn't want it.  It finally occurred to me:  I was free from the desire to drink and use drugs for the first time in my life.  These were free drugs! (and where the fuck were these people when I needed them 4 months prior).  The point of my story here is that if you are struggling in recovery don't give up.  Keep coming back.  I am new to this subreddit and I am so stoked to find you all here.  this fucking rules!  
----------immediate responses--------

 &gt; (and where the fuck were these people when I needed them 4 months prior)..This line cracked me up! Thanks for sharing jabeck and congrats! :D
Congrats on your success!
Sobriety. It's what the cool kids are doing...
