-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14mium/my_drinking_literally_almost_killed_me_yet_again/

To open this up ill give a little background:..I'm a guy in my mid-20's who has had issues with drinking/drugs since I was ~14. I've already been in rehab twice and my drinking has cost me a promising military enlistment after several years of service. I have successfully managed a few alcohol free stints of 2 or so months and we'll as a few longer periods of controlled (yeah right) drinking. Most recently I went about a month and a half of sobriety that ended mid-November. I'm fairly successful half-owning my own tech company and making a decent amount of money (when I managed to show up). ..Well since my last stint of sobriety my improved confidence and happiness gave in to the idea of being a normal drinker for once(again)! A few basketball games with friends or small hangouts with neighbors that consist of a handful of drinks and a decent drunk. It was going great. I could go on dates and still have a few drinks to get myself loosened up! Well about two weekends ago I queued up the inevitable bender. A friday/Saturday combo that left my sunday in misery and my Monday at work with a still lingering hurt and shame. I remembered that the next weekend and avoided temptation successfully. But the next one? I showed myself yet again how it just gets progressively worse unless I stop. ..I went out Thursday night for a friend's birthday. 'But you have work tomorrow!' Shut up brain. I haven't gone out in two weeks I can handle one night! It started out fairly sober. Well at least for the ride there that is. I told myself that if I'm going to do it why half-ass it? Let's have fun. Within a few hours I'm completely shitfaced. I thought things were good until my ride wanted to leave early. After a drunken argument I decided ill stay there so I can keep drinking and figure it out in the morning. ..I wake up the next day and wander over to a friend's house that lived nearby. I felt that creeping shame as I realized I missed my morning work appointments. I acted like an asshole to my friend. I most likely embarrassed myself at some point as I usually do. So I decide to exchange the purchase of a 30 pack for a ride home. That way I could be miserable at my own place and with company...We killed that and in our drunken genius decided that we should get some cocaine! That way we could keep drinking but sober ourselves up a bit. I don't remember much but apparently I passed out and vomited in his car. It's 4pm on a Friday I'm shitfaced missed work ignoring clients and now buying drugs. Cue the depression. We got an eightball returned to my abode and proceeded to tackle another 30 rack. The majority of the remainder of the night was a bit of a blur. I found the remnants of 3 other 18 packs lying around and semi-remember a few trips down to 7-11. I remember my porn-star neighbor came over at about 11 and I drunkenly fooled around with her (no protection? No problem). After not being able to perform and feeling thoroughly disgusted with myself in general I passed out. ..I woke up an hour or two later. My apartment was empty aside from ~100 empty cans an empty vodka bottle vomit in my closet and sink and the most embarrassed and disgusted feeling with myself. I went straight to the bathroom and downed a bottle of Tramidol that I had and laid down. I was tired of having no control over myself and feeling this way. I was tired of the constant cycle of relapse after relapse. ..I woke up again approximately 24 hours later. Puke all over me and the floor nearby. A bit of myself came through and realized how low I had sunk yet again. I was having trouble justifying my continued existence but decided to try and see what would happen. I pushed away those thoughts and urges and just sat there trying to make it to Sunday. ..Well I didn't leave bed sunday. Just finally got moving around again today still feeling sick and full of shame. I've made contact with my business partner and we're smoothing over the results of the missed appointments. I've picked up a bit of my place and taken out a ton of garbage. I still have to deal with the fact that I might get evicted because of the noise issues Friday. But I'm alive. ..I'm alive. But I'm not so sure I will be next time. That scares me. I just hope that fear sticks with me. When I'm sober I'm happy and productive. When I'm sober I manage to be a successful person with hopes and dreams and who strives towards goals. When I drink? I want to ruin everything I've worked hard for and turn into someone who isn't worth the cost to clean up his corpse. Fuck. ..Thanks for letting me vent /r/stopdrinking. I needed to get this out. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I just hope that fear sticks with me...It won't.  Forgetting pain and fear is all too easy at least it is for me.  It might be years before I forget the horrible situation I've caused my family this time but I'm pretty certain I will one day.  I've got to put reminders up and always know the fear and pain.  I'm new at sobriety so I'm not certain how I'm going to do that entirely.  I think one strategy I've decided to use for the rest of my life is to surround myself with other addicts.  Addicts in long time recovery new to the game and the ones that are still down and out. ..anyway - I'm still trying to figure out the long game and one shouldn't think too far a head but I know fear and pain are easy to forget at least for me...Good luck with everything.
I agree with feetonarm. Fear won't keep you sober for long. Alcohol is a sneaky foe. You'll forget the fear the embarassment the regrets and it will tell you its OK to have one drink. And if your like me one is way to many and ten thousand isn't enough. Glad your going back to meetings they sure saved my sorry ass. Remember to stay away from people places and things that used to get you wasted. One day at a time my friend.
Hi. You are important and you matter. Take care of yourself please. It's not easy to stay sober but I'm here hoping and praying that you will. Be gentle with yourself and take it one small step at a time. We are here to support you we believe in you!
Drinking is cunning baffling and powerful for me.  One second I'd be thinking about how much a hangover sucks and the next I was pumped and primed to hit the bars next weekend...Take it easy keep talking to alcoholics and try to focus just on today.  Things do get better.
