-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14ox3j/this_is_getting_better_im_no_longer_an_absolute/

Update 1: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14lt92/this_is_the_worst_its_ever_been_im_an_absolute/..Well I'm back. I checked out of Detox early. Yeah I know "Boo hiss..."  ..I checked out for several reasons. First there was literally NOTHING on the counseling side. It was basically "pick a bed and shout out if you feel sick". That was it. Nothing more than that. Since physically I am virtually symptomless I was fine to check out early.  ..I did appreciate the tranquility of the environment the freedom from distraction and the opportunity to crack the pages of The Big Book and dive right in. I've never read the book before and it's a bit of an eye-opener.  ..I also appreciated the opportunity to socialize with other folks at the beginnings of their journey to sobriety. I found that the members at the AA meetings had weeks months years and decades of sobriety and I needed to be with other people closer to the starting line.  ..To be fair I think that anyone who has been going to meetings for a long time has seen a parade of faces come and go and it must be a little difficult to gauge the level of commitment in a newcomer. This must make it difficult to make a strong emotional investment in someone you meet for the first time. It's the same in real life and I don't fault anyone for it...I have to tell you I learned a few things about people there.  ..First there were a handful of guys that were gaming the system. They knew every detox and treatment center in the area and were only there due to court or family orders. They didn't have much in the way of motivation and were just there to punch a ticket.  ..There were two guys there that were stuck in an endless pattern of sobriety and relapse. They were the saddest sights I had ever seen. They both knew they were only there to dry out temporarily and they were resigned to the fact that they would go back to drinking soon after they were discharged. They knew the reaper was coming for them and they felt powerless.  ..There was one kid who was 4 weeks on the street after 3.5 years behind bars and was up to his eyeballs in coke. He wanted to leave 30 minutes after he got there and when I woke from a nap he was gone.  ..There was one other guy like me there and I noticed a big difference between us and the rest. When we spoke about our usage we both spoke in the past tense. Everyone else was saying "What I do is..." and we were saying "What I did was...". It's a small difference but very telling.  ..So what did I take from the experience?  ..1) I need to shut off the computer and the TV and set down the book and just BE ME now and again. I craved stimulation and intoxication just so I could get my brain to shut up and leave me alone. I think I have important things to say to me and I'm going to start listening.  ..2) Everyone is different and everyone fights their own fight in their own way. Some don't fight at all.  ..3) Drunk me ISN'T me and it's unfair to pretend that he is. He's done a lot of damage to a lot of people and the person he's damaged most is me. I've got to repair that damage and start being friends with myself again.  ..4) There's a lot of wisdom in The Big Book.  ..And lastly that this was just one part of a long journey. I've made an important change in my values and I now count sobriety as my most precious possession. Nothing is ever going to take that away from me without a fight.  ..One day at a time......**TL:DR:  Yesterday I let go of tomorrow and today turned out just fine.**
----------immediate responses--------

Well detox isn't for counseling.  That's rehab where they send you after the detox...Detox is basically so that you have nurses around in case you have a seizure though at mine there were "meetings" but not many of them and I didn't want to go to them anyway...I only went so I wouldn't die from withdrawals...Keep up the good work!
Thanks for checking back in and glad you got over the drying out part. What's the plan from here? Are you going to look into counseling AA smart etc.?
I admit my hackles came up when you started talking about how you and the other "normal" guy in rehab were so much different (subtext: better) than the other sad sacks. When I was writing up my sad story of chronic relapsing I said that I had felt pretty much the same thing. Be careful with that. ..BUT I read the rest of what you wrote and you've certainly got a good perspective and are open to change. You seem to have some good exciting goals (like listening to yourself) and you're excited about it. That's awesome! Congrats and good luck sorting out the next phases. Keep posting here thanks. 
I stayed at a detox center once for 36 hours. Then I begged for someone to come save me I had a bunch of excuses similar to yours. I stayed sober for 4 days after that then went on a huge bender that almost ended my life...I thought I had learned a lot from my stint in detox but I was just horrified by the people in there because it was too much of a reality check...You're not different from them. 
Happy Happy Joy Joy!!!
"I also appreciated the opportunity to socialize with other folks at the beginnings of their journey to sobriety. I found that the members at the AA meetings had weeks months years and decades of sobriety and I needed to be with other people closer to the starting line."..When I started 1st grade I surely didn't want another 1st grader for a teacher! Who better to share their experiencee strenght and hope than someone with weeks months years and decades of sobrity. Worked for me and is still working. Wishing you the best.
