-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14oyx7/day_four_so_far_so_good/

Checking in here as I promised myself I would once a day. I think it is a wonderful improvement of modern life that support communities like this one exist. The big event today is that I took my last final of the semester. I am now on winter vacation and plan on using as much of it as I can to nurse myself back to health. Grabbing some food now plan on hitting the gym for the first time in a long time after that. I also threw out my cigarettes immediately after I finished my final. I have been struggling to quit smoking for years. Honestly I can't tell you how much I hate cigarettes. Add it up on paper -- money wasted missed opportunities bad karma hangovers all that and drinking has been a far worse problem for me over the years. But I what I REALLY hate is my addiction to cigarettes. Luckily it is not clear how physically addicted I am to alcohol. By contrast cigarette withdrawal has a horrible physical impact on me. But I hate every cigarette I smoke and feel disgusting. These two addictions have worked in harmony. I can't quit smoking because after going a long time without any I get drunk and smoke. Additionally smoking seems to make my binge-drinking worse. So that is that for me. I have vacation now. It doesn't matter that much if I lose my mind and can't function I have time. All I have to do is not drink and not smoke. And exercise eat healthy goof around with my son. Does that sound rough? I think really I am pretty lucky. 
----------immediate responses--------

you check out /r/stopsmoking
Wow I'm impressed you're trying to quit both at the same time. Though I imagine it's really hard there's something to be said for bundling the shitty time all together right? Enjoy this time paying attention to yourself and your health. ..Weirdly I quit smoking about a year before I seriously started to consider quitting drinking. Thankfully I didn't have to double-team them (so to speak). 
Don't drink don't drug don't smoke and show up for life everyday...We are the lucky ones.
I stopped drinking and drugs 26+ years ago quit smoking 19 days ago. Life just keeps getting better. Wishing you good luck doing both. Stay strong.
Yay for last day of school! I just finished my second semester of grad school myself. Smoking and drinking do go hand in hand. I'm glad I quit smoking when I was 20 before I could go to the bars. Make sure you are planning for when those horrible cravings start. Are you doing nicotine replacement? Gum? Carrots? Punching a pillow? You can do this :) 
[deleted]
Good! Keep on pursuing your goal to quit on drinking.
