-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14pq94/one_slip_up_made_me_realize_theres_not_just_1_or_2/

As my last post signified my ignorance I'm here to maintain anonymous honesty and admit to a relapse. I learned the hard way that its never just one or two that's simply a cover up...Story goes landed in Vegas for a business trip December 2 and was good until the company cocktail reception December 4 (YooHoo was my drink of choice the entire trip minus the reception). ..Two social beers with coworkers turned into dinner with other coworkers later. This resulted in a couple more beers and shots. Granted I wasn't wasted but it was definitely a relapse...From now on there won't be just the 'one or two' social ones. It's a trap..Badge requested for reset the appropriate day. 
----------immediate responses--------

I firmly believe one or two drinks is OK for anyone who isn't an alcoholic. This doesn't apply to most if not all of us here in this subreddit.
IT'S A TRAP!..As someone who is struggling with similar things I am thankful that you took the time to come here and explain the situation and reset your badge. It was a good reminder for me today. Good luck.
I've found if I invite 1 drink into my life he will bring along about 12 other friends for me to "enjoy".  It's always the first one that got me not the twelfth. 
The best way to stay sober long term:..1 Don't drink not even one..2 Seek help if you can't do it alone..3 Don't die.
You betcha.  ..On Saturday when I gave it up I gave my remaining 4 beers to my roommate. He's not much of a drinker so there's still one in the door of the fridge. Talkative little bugger....  .."You can drink me. It's only one beer. What harm can one beer cause? If you're a pussy and you're worried about it let's wait until after 10pm and the liquor store is closed. Then you couldn't get more if you wanted to...see? It'll be easy. One little beer....c'mon. It'll be fun this time I promise...."  ..I've actually adopted him as a pet of sorts. I call him "Larry the Lager" and every morning when I go to get milk for my coffee there he is. I pat him on his little bottle cap and ask him if he's feeling lonely. Then when I put the milk back I call him a despicable lying little fuck and tell Larry to stay the hell away from my life.  ..Call me nuts but it's very therapeutic and it's a little ceremony that starts my day with a chuckle. When my roommate finally gets around to executing the little bastard I might actually miss him a little.
