-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14t1m2/day_4_running_at_120/

I've made it to day four! It has been surprisingly easy thus far but I'm not sure why. I've been depressed for years and often felt unhappy but now that I've stopped drinking it's like my brain is dumping out serotonin. I'm smiling happy interacting with people I've never met before and full of energy. Where did my social anxiety go?..Now I say 120% in the title because it still feels like my central nervous system is operating at 20% above normal but it is getting better day by day. This has actually made it easier to keep motivated and busy which is hard because I work from home which leaves all day to drink and do nothing. Today I've had a few more thoughts of alcohol than the other days but I don't get that strong physical feeling when I think about it like the body remembering how good that first 30min can feel. That used to end up having me in the car going to the liqour store like I was on autopilot. Helps I've remembered to think through how I feel 2-3 hours after drinking. ..My stomach is also feeling 100% better and it doesn't feel like I have pain in my stomach. No more irritated bowels from all the acid and no food. No more nausea and I've been eating real meals and have an appetite. No more having to drink just to make my stomach feel good enough to be able to shove food in and force myself to eat. ..Sleeping was an issue the first 2 nights were hard to get to sleep (tried melatonin no help) last night I felt much more tired even though I did less but I fell asleep quick (no melatonin). Sleep was another reason I drank I often get racing thoughts and find it hard to fall asleep at night but I've been making sure to wake up early so that I get tired earlier and that has helped...I almost feel bad writing how good I feel seeing all the struggles so many here are and have gone through but maybe someone will see giving up alcohol doesn't always turn into a hell worse than drinking and will decide to give stopping a chance. I have a long road ahead but so far I'm completely happy with my decision to stop. My life and relationship is improving for it...**Thank you everyone for the support this subreddit has made my quitting so much easier**...-edit-..Funny (well funny now) thing that happened the day I got caught. My wife and I decided to break the wishbone from our turkey and both sides broke evenly so I said we both got our wish laughed and thought nothing about it after. Well I had wished to stop drinking and be better for my wife. That night I was caught and I began the process of getting better for my wife and myself. I actually cried the next day when I remembered the wishbone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Gee when you stop overdosing a depressant you feel better; who would have guessed?.Fasten your seat belt it will be the ride of your life welcome aboard!.
Sounds kind of like pink cloud syndrome. Or maybe you're just lucky but be careful because it might not always be so wonderful and you don't want to set yourself up for a hard fall. I on the other hand have been consistently miserable for the entire 50 days since I got sober; no pink cloud for me to worry about
Good for you OP.  Keep it up!
I'm so excited for you. I try to remember that everyday I have to choose my attitude towards life. Be open and honest and willing everyday. With those three things you can stay sober one day at a time...Please never feel bad for writing about how good you feel. WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU TO POST ABOUT THE GOOD THINGS!!!
