-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14var3/day_5_a_test/

Well day five is here and things are starting to slow down. I can hold my hand nice and still now when I'm calm. If I'm running around cleaning I'm still a little shaky but not too bad. I'm feeling calmer overall and not as hyped up like I had 2 shots of espresso. Appetite is great and is helping me feel better overall. Had a dream last night that I relapsed and I ended up waking up. Thought to myself how I would not let that happen I'm at day 5 and I do not want to go back to 0. The negative feeling towards drinking was strong...Weekend should be easy spent with the wife. Plenty of stuff to do and I currently have no desire to drink. Went today to get a Hamburger and arrived at 10:50am and the place didn't open until 11am so I waited in my car. However right next door is a liqour store I've been to a few times and a pub. As I sat in my car I looked at the store and actually chuckled as I felt no desire to go in. Just looked forward to having a sober weekend and being able to really appreciate time my wife...Hope everyone has a great successful sober weekend. Looking forward to monday to celebrate one week!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Congrats! Might be easier doing it for one day. Stay sober for today. Then tomorrow stay sober for one day again. Works for me. Try not to project to far in advance. It was always overwelming for me to worry about the weekend or even tomorrow. So now I do it just for today. Best of luck for the rest of today. And today again tomorrow.
Those are great signs!   Keep it up!..On Monday make a pile of all the money you saved from the week.   Buy yourself (and your wife) something enjoyable.   Consider it "free."
I love the story about the hamburger vs the liquor store! It's awesome to know that choosing a hamburger can be the *better* choice for us. ..Congrats on 5 five days - you're coming up on a week soon. I just got the little 1 in my circle and it feels great. 
