-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1566ls/aareligioncult/

Yes there are spiritual tones. The whole idea is that you need to find a new way to live because your old way was so fucked. If you don't have the willingness to try or consider anything to stop drinking then AA might not be right for you. If you are so adverse to topic of god that hearing it mentioned closes you off then you might not get a lot out of meetings. At the end of the day it is whatever works for you. AA doesn't have a monopoly on sobriety. We just found a way that works for us.  So if a cult is a lot of like minded people then sure it's a cult that gets people sober...At the end of the day I keep myself sober. If you slip it's because you want a drink. If you are going to meetings and drink its not AAs fault or gods fault it is yours. I keep myself sober - personally I do it through going to meetings and opening myself up to a "spirit of the universe" ( not Jesus). ..Sorry if this came off as combative but it can be frustrating reading over some posts. If you have 6 days you would probably benefit from talking to someone else that has a month or two. There are really unique struggles to stopping drinking if you are an alcoholic and one if the main benefits of AA is that we can all relate to that unique experience. The main goal is to stay sober and help others achieve sobriety. And if you disagree I will just go fuck myself.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey be nice to yourself. What you propose is physically taxing. ..I agree with you. ..I also agree that it's hard for some folks to accomplish what you suggest. My hope is that everyone finds a support system that works and leads to recovery. 
I used to use alcohol as lube to fuck myself..Didn't work so good..As a certified pissed off puppy I worried and ranted about the cult thing but then again see  above..Recovery has for me meant gradually chilling on a lot of things that would make me crazy.  Other people's beliefs for one..
I agree with what you say. ..AA does not have a leader so the cult thing is a bit difficult to sell. In addition I spend about $100 a year on AA and those are all dollars I freely donate without any negative repercussions should I choose not to...The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. You don't even need to actually stop drinking to be a member of AA. ..Some of the texts seem a bit out dated and I don't agree with everything in the Big Book. I don't know if the steps always make a lot of sense or if they are really responsible for my sobriety...But guess what? I haven't drank in almost 5 years. I have a large circle of friends that challenge me to be a better man help me when I need helping and accept me for who I am. I have a relationship with myself my community and in a weird sense the world at large. ..I am no longer the angry man i once was. i have learned to accept things that i can't change...and to work on changing the things i can. to accept progress instead of demanding perfection...i have learned how to process feelings and events without having to drink or use. ..shit - AA is NOT perfect. it is not the be all end all. a lot of times it doesn't even make sense to me. but overall i am a better person for having it in my life. ..seems like a good deal to me. it isn't for everyone though. haters gonna hate. can't change that. all i can do is show up and do my part.
Everybody needs someone for support. AA is like a Walmart to find support. Wide selection and variety of individuals available. But if you already have what you need at home there is no need to visit the store. ..That said it wasn't my thing. Disagreed with too many of the core ideas. Things like relying on a greater power feel like they devalue the experience and lessons. I couldn't keep goimg but that is ME. I highly respect the fact it works for some people and they seem very vocal about it. Live and let live as they say...Yes I get I'm only on day 11 it would be day zero if I kept doing something that didn't work for me...-edit- .Someone didn't like my experience. :(
Some people can just stop drinking. I guess this subreddit may be useful for them but it isn't enough for me. Just stopping drinking wasn't enough there was something missing from my life and I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Now I know I need a daily spiritual program of action and since I'm not a religious man AA suits me just fine. It makes me feel whole and takes away the dreadful obsession to drink. ..AA isn't for everyone it's just for alcoholics of the hopeless variety like me. And it only seems to work for alcoholics of the hopeless variety like me. So if it ain't working for you are either not an alcoholic or not hopeless enough yet - either way is good news. If on the other hand it does get bad enough then you'll find yourself in AA and you'll find you'll do it and you'll find it works.  I could care less what people think about AA really - I know it works and that's all that matters to me. ..The trick is to stay alive until the miracle happens sadly most alcoholics would rather die than try something like AA. It is the very nature of the disease to think you can go it alone when it's obvious to everyone around you that you can't. It's that undying belief in yourself that kills alcoholics...AA isn't a cult - the highest position in AA is "sober". There are no rules just 12 traditions which are specifically designed to stop AA becoming a cult...http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twelve_Traditions.....
I find that the people who attack it put it down accuse it of being a cult or outright claim that it doesn't work (over 2 million people around the world would beg to differ) are coming from a place of resentment. And as we know a life that includes deep resentment can hardly be a success.  Just because something doesn't work for you doesn't mean it doesn't work at all and deserves to be picked apart and put down.  I don't know what these people have been through; I don't know their stories.  All I know is the truth in my life...12 years ago I woke up suicidal every day.  I couldn't face the prospect of spending an evening alone watching movies or playing video games without *something* to change the way I felt.  I couldn't hold down anything better than a part-time fast food job.  My car was always on the verge of breaking down and I was selling Ritalin to keep gas in it.  I couldn't go a day without drinking or drugs.  I was on the verge of getting kicked out of my mother's basement.  My friends were sick of me and I of them.  At any point in time had I been stopped by police and searched I'd have been in jail.  I was a whopping 2 grand in debt and could see no way out...Today I have a college education a great career and a beautiful little girl.  I have a nice apartment that I can easily afford a car that is cared for and runs well and a backup for when it goes to the shop.  I could be stopped at any point in time and have nothing more to fear than a minor traffic citation.  I am comfortable alone or around people.  I have meaningful relationships in my life that aren't based on how much we can use each other for.  Aside from the countless hours spent on Reddit I'm a productive member of society...So if it's a cult please keep that Kool-aid coming.
I guess my main issue is necessarily about God but the first and second step taken together:.."We admitted we were powerless over alcohol - that our lives had become unmanageable...Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.". .As opposed to:.. One is one's own refuge who else could be the refuge?' said the Buddha. He admonished his disciples to  be a refuge to themselves' and never to seek refuge in or help from anybody else. He taught encouraged and stimulated each person to develop himself and to work out his own emancipation for man has the power to liberate himself from all bondage through his own personal effort and intelligence. The Buddha says:  You should do your work for the.Tath gatas3 only teach the way.' If the Buddha is to be called a  saviour' at all it is only in the sense that he discovered and showed the Path to Liberation Nirv  a. But we must tread the Path ourselves...
I agree with you but this is not a great way to spread the message. Posts on here make me angry sometimes but not everyone is ready to hear the message. I know I would not be sober without AA.
This post *does* come off as combative which is why it's all about attraction rather than promotion. You are not in my opinion attracting me to anything saying things like..&gt;If you don't have the willingness to try or consider anything to stop drinking then AA might not be right for you. ..Essentially you're saying that if you're *really* willing to do anything to quit drinking you'll come to AA. This is the type of attitude that helps people justify their avoidance of AA. In short this promotion is not attractive in the least...&gt;And if you disagree I will just go fuck myself...I don't even know how to respond to that but if I heard someone share that in a meeting I sure wouldn't think "I want the recovery that guy has."..AA helped me save my own life because it said "Here it is RiotHam take it or leave it." It didn't chase me argue with me or badger me...Lastly:.&gt;If you have 6 days you would probably benefit ..Try telling us about what **you** benefitted from at 6 days. It's your *experience* that helps people not your *advice*. At least that's what I've been taught and found to be true.
I've heard AA referred to as brain washing. I personally prefer to think of it as a dry cleaning. ..I used to drink. Then I got found in snow banks and psych wards. Then I went to AA. I don't get found in snow banks or psych wards anymore. 
I guess this is to defend AA against posts that call it a cult? Or a religion?  I can understand why some would call it a cult but I don't really. Religion probably not although it's hard to say it isn't about Christianity. God is in seven of the steps and people pray at the end of the group. I dig SMART. Does the same thing no spirituality and no sponsors. But I still need to go get my six month chip tonight. Can't do it though because my ex girlfriend and her MALE sponsor (now husband) are the secretaries of tonight's group. Oh well. Life in a northern town.
