-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/157gkf/seeing_people_for_who_they_are/

There is something I've been struggling with for the past few week I'm seeing a lot of people in my life differently than I ever have.  This has been hard for me because I'm starting to feel like I don't have much in common with some people I considered friends for years and in one case there's someone in my life who I'm realizing I may have an unhealthy co-dependent relationship with...These old friends were people I loved being around when I was drinking we bonded over how unfair the world was made offensive jokes no matter what anyone said and tried to prove to the world that we didn't give a shit what they thought about us.  ..Now that I'm recovering the old attitudes I had are being replaced by new ones that suit me better.  Seeing the old attitudes in these friends makes me cringe these days and it's hard to be around.  It feels like its sucking the joy out of me...I have guilt over these feelings these people were there for me during my dark days.  It feels like I'm abandoning them...Did anyone else go through this when they were recovering?  Were you able to hold onto old relationships or did you have to make new ones as you changed?..
----------immediate responses--------

I lost most of my friends a long time ago and didn`t really have to go through this but I wanted to give you my view...The new attitudes I am developing don't just suit me better **they are saving my life**. ..I think this is a turning point for you. You're changing. If these people are causing you grief and guilt let them go...If you have an emotional hangover after hanging out with these friends maybe it's time to change!
Since getting sober I see people's negativity with much more clarity (including my own). There are a few friends/acquaintances that I don't want to hang out with much anymore for that very reason. Luckily none of them were very close friends so I don't feel a great deal of loss...If these friendships are sucking the joy out of you then that's a sign it's time for a change. Guilt is not a good reason to hold onto relationships.
When active in our disease we often made choices that catered to or otherwise buttressed our dis ease.  Alcohol was not our problem so much as a manifestation of out internal fears and social quirks..Now that you are beginning to clear up yes you may find your previous choices are no longer suitable.  The good news is that if they are still active your recovery may scare the shit out of them and they will in all likely hood not miss you too much.
It's a simple truth that kind of sucks - we attract people and are attracted to those that are like us. The problem is when we're deep in the whole screw the world life's unfair have another drink and fuck em mode that's exactly the kind of friends we cultivate. You're going to start attracting a different class of friend now if you haven't already. You're going to naturally want to spend more time with them because they're going in the same direction as you are. Old friends may fall away or may change themselves it's really up to them not you...But on the guilt thing I'm convinced that much of the "being there during the dark days" stuff that my drinking buddies did was more along the lines of patching up a fellow wounded soldier to bring them back to the pointless battle of the bottle than it was true caring. Don't get me wrong I'm sure they felt like it was heartfelt caring at the time but I'm also quite sure consciously or not that they were just as concerned about not having the walking wounded among them to bring down the party as they were anything else. Just something to consider when you're feeling guilty about spending time with new people.
Alcoholics love hanging around in dysfunctional relationships. Gives us an excuse to drink maybe we love the drama and lets be honest emotionally stable people don't want to hang out with us for very long. Changing our relationships and finding people who are better for us in our recovery is all part of the process. Never feel guilty about making healthy relationship choices. You really need too in recovery.
