-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15jqnb/6_days_of_purgatory_but_im_proud/

This is my 4th or 5th attempt to give up alcohol. I have lost love friends and respect for myself through drink and drugs. When I'd relapse I would go all-out and cartwheel off the bandwagon in a tornado of drink and drugs until I had spent all of my money and hated myself....The biggest problem is I'm a gigging musician and make my money playing in bars and clubs so 3 or 4 nights a week. I have to look at alcohol and the users of all the time. I've made myself some iced-tea and drink loads of it it seems to work. I tend to go home ASAP after I'm done playing afraid of having an after-show libation. ...The first few days was hard I was suffering withdrawals from both alcohol and codeine  I was in a lot of pain and very irritable. One of those days was Christmas but luckily I was around those who understood and they were looking out for me the best they could being non-alcoholics. ...But I will say I'm singing a lot better people have noticed I now have much more control over my voice and my guitar playing is tighter too! I think I had my mind tricked into thinking I sang better on codeine but we tell ourselves a lot of bullshit when we are hooked on something.  I made it through Christmas which is a tough time of the year for me. If I can make it through New Years I'm certain I will have this sobriety thing cracked year-round. I've built myself a home gym so that's my next big plan. Focus on my physical health. ..Anyways there is no point to this story I just wanted to share it with people who would understand what this is like. It's fucking tough. But we are tough too! Let's not let the bastards grind us down. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;The first few days was hard ..It gets easier. I promise. Give it time. You can do this. 
Ever try any type of support group. I mean "in person" not just on line. Sure helped me. 
Congrats on your choice to stop drinking!
Beautiful job. Good luck getting through the next week too. It sounds like you're getting a lot of support too which is indispensable. Congratulations...Once you do get a good run going make sure not to fuck it up by telling yourself that you're "got it all under control now." That's the shit that ends people up right back where they quit last time completely amazed that it happened again...Hope you'll have a chance to keep posting. I'll be interested in hearing how your music progresses as you get more and more days put together. Be well.
