-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15jygz/im_not_physiologically_addicted_to_booze_i_dont/

If you go by the numbers I'm a healthfully moderate drinker. But alcohol makes me depressed in any dose. For common sense mental health I just plain shouldn't drink. But beer. Is. Delicious. I love wine. I make the finest vodka tonic this side of the Mississipi. It's like an obviously abusive relationship that I struggle like mad to escape.
----------immediate responses--------

WAS a "healthfully moderate drinker"
People quit drinking for different reasons. You don't have to drink if you don't want to. It's really very simple but that doesn't mean it's easy. 
Yes it is an abusive relationship...Drinking makes you feel good. That's all there is to it. Unfortunately I've got a mental defect that makes me believe that feeling good is all I should ever do. It's a defect that put me into arrested emotional development the minute I discovered how much I loved being drunk...Drinking makes everyone feel good but it's only me and people like me who simply don't have the ability to stop once they've started. It sucks but what are you going to do? An active alcoholic is on a pretty straight road to jail a mental institution or an early death; that's just the truth of it...At four days it's probably still so hard because you're just getting dried out. Eventually though that alcoholic voice in your head is going to switch from screaming at you for booze to trying subtler tactics to get you to pick up again...You might be well served to go to a meeting and listen to other people talk about this. Most people would suggest support for someone getting out of the kind of relationship you describe. You could consider it for yourself.
Beer is *delicious*..You *love* wine..It sounds like you've may have a mental obsession to me. Maybe this will help in your understanding:-..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJonyeCQadc..Good Luck....
The answer is simple don't drink. If thats what you want and can't do it yourself get help. Lots out there. AA works for me but try something.
Sounds like on some level being depressed is ok for you if not something you on some level seek...In abusive relationships if you can't get the other person to change the option is to leave or stay in the misery...Alcohol is not going to change. And the numbers don't add up to healthy for me.  Your move.  AA worked for me but you might also want some therapy to discover what you are getting from depression.
Because your life is not shitty enough yet for you to actually hate booze.
