-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15knk9/one_year_today/

I took my last drink at some point between the end of December 27 and the beginning of December 28 2011. The next day I woke up hungover and unhappy and while in the midst of (fortuitously) reading Chris Hardwick's book The Nerdist Way I came to the cold conclusion "I need to stop drinking."..It happened exactly like that. There was no protracted struggle over well should I or shouldn't I - that sort of thing. I finished the book started lurking in this subreddit and put my mind to other things to help me through...At first I thought it would be temporary maybe a few weeks. I countered all of the drinking by eating comforting foods - not necessarily healthy - and drinking TONS of soda and coffee...Five months in I got rid of the bad food and soda and turned my attention to being healthy and happy. I've since lost 30 lbs. (I weigh 15 lbs. less than I did in HIGH SCHOOL!) I no longer have to worry about things done and said while out drinking and my friends and family are all supporting me. I even go out to hang out and do not have the "barber shop + haircut" mentality...This is my first time posting and though I generally don't make a big deal about my sobriety I thought I would take a moment to post something here. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

CONGRATULATIONS. But be careful the disease is often more active around anniversaries.  It will try to tell you you are cured that once a year is ok etc.  don't believe a word of it.
Congrats on the year!!  Anyone that can put down the drink and lose that obsession to drink more is a miracle.  Continue doing what your doing and if you ever think about that first drink hit a meeting or get back here! congrats again!!!!
Way to go! That's fantastic. I agree it doesn't have to be hard or a struggle sometimes just a commitment to be sober today is what works. And then life gets a lot better the more you stick to that commitment. Nice work on the weight too - I bet every positive improvement you've made to is adding up to a big increase in overall quality of life. I know it has for me. Congrats and keep it going!
That's wonderful - what a great feeling. 
Congrats man. Great job.
congratulations on your first year of sobriety. great job
Good job! My decision to quit was very similar.to yours;  I just felt like I had had enough just like that. .Enjoy your anniversary. Keep moving forward. ..*edited to remove something that sounded snarky but .  was in no way meant to sound as such. Came out wrong.  .  Carry on! 
Congrats Frank!
Congrats!
Terrific milestone! Congratulations keep up the good things you are doing.
This is an awesome post and I am so happy for you. Enjoy the life you were meant to live.  Big hugs..
You are the Man (or woman)!
Your sobriety is a big deal!! Thank you for sharing your experience it makes me feel good to know that other people are succeeding in staying sober. Congrats!!
Awesome! A fucking marvel. Congrats on the weight loss too. Get ready for the subtle resentments it's going to draw.
Congratulations! You made it. Keep it up.
Congratulations! You are an inspiration. I've made it four months at a stretch but never a year. I hope to be where you are at the end of 2013. 
