-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15twsr/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Celebrated my first New Years sober!  I spent it with a small group of close friends and I felt more at peace than I ever had.  For the first time in my life I woke up New Year's Day with hope instead of dread for another 365 days ahead of me...Struggle: Looking too far into the future and thinking I have control over things I don't.  Staying in today has been my struggle lately...General chat: Being back at work is weird I miss my warm bed...Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph : First sober new years in 22 years!..Struggle : I can not get rid of this cold. And people. OBEY ME YOU FOOLS!..Chat : This year has started out right. For a first. I might even go to a meeting if I start to get weird (like last time). Anyhting for a sober 2013. That's my motto now - SOBER 2013. Also - Sober is cool. (It really actually is).
Just had my 3rd sober Christmas and New Year in a row...I'm going to see my kids in three weeks time. Not seen them for 3 and a half years. Didn't think I'd ever see them again...One day at a time.
My struggle both began and ended on New Years. Friday night was the night I swore would change my actions with drinking and Monday I rationalized getting bombed out of my skull because it was the new year and that I couldn't possibly NOT drink on New Years. So stupid. However yesterday I came clean to my mother who has been in recovery for almost 15 years about my drinking and also admitted to driving drunk. It felt really great to do that. 
triumph: made it thru the holidays and i'm still on good terms with the family..struggle: remembering i dont have to be in control..chat: its frigging cold outside cant wait for warmer weather. atleast the sun is shining
Triumph: 26th sober Christmas and New Years. .Struggle: Have the flu stuff flying out both ends..Gereral chat: It will get better. 
[deleted]
Getting ready to take an AA meeting into a state prison tonight. It is an amazing service opportunity and always gives gratitude.  This is last one for a while as I am getting ready for a three month road trip for photography writing and snow avoidance.    Life is good.  Very good.
Triumph: Went the entire holiday season with very minimal desire to drink. Had a great time at my NYE party and even treated myself to some expensive non-alcoholic ginger beer for being such a trooper. ..Struggle: Just when I thought I was getting over drinking I realized that I've started having thoughts where I envision a time when I start drinking again. I had a weird thought that I dismissed almost instantly where I fantasized that if I went to a psychologist he would tell me that I should start drinking again because quitting cold-turkey is making my mental issues worse. ..General Chat: I met someone whom I didn't really like from the get go but being sober I was able to defer my judgement until I got to know them better. Hilariously when it came up that I had quit drinking the person suggested that I check out Allen Carr's books because they worked 100% for him. I had to laugh because the person drank about 8 beers and then started alienating all the people he just met. AND he smoked about 2 cigarettes an hour over the course of the night. The person went on to make an ass of himself and I just laughed the whole thing off. ..Carr clearly didn't work 100% for this guy but I know it has worked for others. It made me realize that I should refrain from speaking in absolutes because when you do you're never absolutely right and it often makes you look/sound like an idiot.
[deleted]
Triumph: made it through the Christmas party and new years sober. No one really cared that i wasnt drinking (other than my mom!)..Struggle: work is seriously stressing me out. Bad situation piled on crap piled on my own issues. This is when I would normally turn to drinking. Can't say I wouldn't drink for sure if there was alcohol in the house which is why there isn't any...General chat: I might... Might finally go to my first AA meeting on Friday. I know I should. I know I need to.
