-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15y33v/1_year_without_alcohol_my_long_ass_experience/

Damn I don't even know where to start. A little over 2 years ago I quit drinking for good for the first time.  My girlfriend convinced me to give it up. That lasted for 8 really good months but the problem was that I was doing it JUST for her. Eventually it ate away at me and I started blaming her for inhibiting my freedom. Once those mental gymnastics start it's hard to stay good and I of course relapsed...8 months of the hardest drinking in my life later my uncle dies of liver failure. Shit it runs in the family. I didn't realize it at the time but his death impacted me more than any pep-talk ever could. He was always an asshole; and I really do mean always so at least his death lit that fire under my ass...This time however I used a crutch. I had never smoked weed before in my life and I didn't want something to trigger my alcohol abuse. So when those familiar triggers started to hit I avoided them and told myself I could just spark one up instead. Lots of people on this subreddit warned me that it would just bring back old urges and even though I didn't want to I heeded that warning and put the bong away for a few months just to see if I had cravings for weed. I didn't. I really didn't...So I started with weed again because if I am honest with myself I very much enjoy being in an altered state of mind and at least vaporizing weed was going to have the most minimal affect on my health (at least compared to anything else I could think of.) I know some might think less of me for it and might even think I don't deserve my badge but hear me out...This whole passed year hasn't been about stressing out about liquor and truly that's what I wanted/want. Maybe substituting will only lead back to liquor down the road but I just don't see that happening. I have had cravings for alcohol maybe 20-30 times in the passed year. Now we all know that sounds like a lot to the layman but really before weed it was like 20-30 a day...So if I am being completely honest with myself it's a bittersweet victory. I am totally okay with being a pothead over an alcoholic. It doesn't negatively affect my relationships and I don't fiend for it the way I did with alcohol. Actually I am currently 2 weeks without pot just because I haven't even given it a thought to smoke. However I don't feel like the coolest guy in the world not having that self control and all to just quit cold turkey. Either way I can at least say with full certainty that I am much happier now than I ever was with booze. At least that victory will always ring out...Some awesome victories of mine last year:.I sat at BJ's brewery at the bar and had a Coke and some pizza even after hearing all the drink specials and awesome pricing...Went to a friend's house who always has parties and didn't drink at all. I was the life of the party as a drunk and still managed to be the life of the party stone cold sober (not even high.)..Went to an old friends house and he tried and tried and tried to talk me into doing shots. Didn't even get close to talking me into it...I come from a large Mexican family and they are always drinking. Every time they see me they offer me something and I politely decline. I see them a LOT too...So thanks for reading all who have made it down here. Please lend me your thoughts even if you think I am an idiot who should not try to replace one substance with another.
----------immediate responses--------

I know lots of people on the Mary Jane maintenance plan..If it keeps you sober it is a step in the right direction..And maybe that is all you need.  Maybe..But my experience is that full recovery is diluted or held back by recreational drugs of any sort.  For me I was addicted to both and more..It is good you understand you have to quit for yourself..Maybe you could extend your pot free streak and see what happens...Also you have not mentioned any other parts of your recovery program.  I could not do it alone for me AA was essential not only to stop but to grow emotionally.  There are other groups too you might seek out something...This is a process it takes time you are doing good.
Congrats on the year!!  You don't have anyone else to answer up to but your own conscious.  Many people see alcohol in a place completely by itself while others toss it into the same pile...But if your life is more manageable you are happier and better able to function... who the fuck cares right?  If it works for you awesome.  It may not work for others and I don't think it would work for me.  I'm not sure though but I won't test those waters haha!!..Congrats on the milestones and may your life continue to be good...Oh and send me Grandma's recipes for some authentic mexican!!!
One year what a milestone! Good for you. 
It's funny to read someone have weed help them out of their pit.  For me weed was my pit and alcohol was what I used to stop weed when I had to.  In the end though I quit alcohol because it was my last holdout vice my last intoxicant and without quitting it I always had something to use to hide from being actually sober.  I still feel that a world on weed would be a fine place to be but for me in this society it was a dead end.
Did you got o AA? It helps me and I'm not through the steps yet but was just wondering. I'm not what you'd call an active AA member but I do go from time to time when the urges hit which has been less frequent as the time goes on.. .And I'm paranoid enough as it is; I used to smoke pot but nowadays I just don't.
Well I hate passing judgement and this is r/stopdrinking not r/stopallpossiblyharmfulcopinghabits.  So I still tip my hat to you and congratulate you on your abstinence from alcohol...You're an inspiration to me!
congratulations on your year anniversary! i was amazed at the things that can be done without alcohol like kids birhday parties family get togethers holidays camping and canoeing.  keep up the good job!
&gt; I am totally okay with being a pothead over an alcoholic. It doesn't negatively affect my relationships and I don't fiend for it the way I did with alcohol...Most here will probably say that smoking pot as s substitute for alcohol isn't a good idea. Personally I don't care. If alcohol is a problem and pot it not then address the problem first. Everything else is secondary...&gt;I have had cravings for alcohol maybe 20-30 times in the passed year...In the past year I've had cravings for alcohol exactly zero times. Maybe I've been lucky but I don't at all think I'm unique. If you are doing the right things the cravings the mental obsession to drink goes away over time. For me what worked was going to AA..Good luck man. And congrats on a year without alcohol. You should feel good about it.
A year without alcohol is absolutely incredible.  No caveats.  Congratulations on a huge accomplishment...Anyone who quits for that long finds that they have other problems in their lives that need attention.  Often they are challenging long-neglected things.  It does not matter at all how long it takes with those issues or how slow it goes.  All that matters is that it is going...You sound concerned about the pot use so maybe that's on your issue list I don't know.  But I am certain that if you stay sober you will make much better progress on EVERYTHING in your life.
Weed keeps me positive. I easily fall into negativity and it helps remind me to keep some pep in my step. Weed has never fucked up my life like alcohol has. It's something I can put down anytime and I have certainly never cried over some pot. You know what's good for you this last year has shown that do you and keep on the path that's right for you. Congrats!!!!
I'm letting myself rely on Mary Jane too. Without her I wouldn't have a prayer. My life is already worlds better. Congratulations!
You sound happy in life. It also sounds like you're healthier and you're friends are happy with you. Shine on.
[deleted]
I am doing the same thing. Alcohol sucks. Weed is completely different. Don't harsh on yourself about pot. Avoiding alcohol is a bitch....its everywhere. Weed isn't addictive and even has health benefits. Congratulations! .
Congrats! ..I've been substituting weed for beer but lately its been giving me the strangest side effects. I've become super paranoid (i know typical) and can't seem to relax even the sole reason is to relax my muscles due to a car accident I was involved in. Probably because I am still a novice. ..Don't know if I should give weed up as well. 
Nice. I've been letting myself have occasional drinks: now I'm thinking I should go 100% sober for a year _so that I can be a judgmental ass about your pot_. ..Until then you've got me beat by a long stretch. Good work!
Good for you man! A year without alcohol is awesome! I had a similar experience to you in that the only times I was ever able to go a while without drinking were when I upped my pot smoking. I never went a whole year though. That's amazing. Eventually I ended up drinking again and smoking and snorting and whatever else you had and I had to admit to myself that I used drugs and alcohol to escape from reality. Whether it was drugs or alcohol didn't make that much of a difference. Anyway I got sober eventually. AA and the 12 steps have helped to keep me sober and my life today is better than anything I ever could imagine. Not saying it's perfect or anything but I can get through anything these days without needing a drink or a drug...Anyway congrats on your awesome accomplishment! Keep it up!
Wow. This discussion brings up my struggles. OK so I was on the marijuana maintenance program in my first weeks in sobriety. I used all the reasons/ justifications/ excuses everyone here has already shared. I knew several people working that program. I could do that too right?..I was a couple of weeks "sober." I fired up a bowl (found a stash I had hidden and forgotten about) and before I finished it the phone rang. The job I had interviewed for wanted to hire me. For more money than I had ever made in my life. Just stop by the mall and pee in a cup and we'll be good to go. Oh fuck.....So today I am powerless over alcohol and drugs. I do not think I could have found the happiness I have now if I had continued to use pot. It was just one more way for me to avoid dealing with the stuff that I did not know how to deal with. I lied about it. I hid it. I did it when I wasn't planning too. It obviously was having a negative impact on my employment situation. If I substituted alcohol it was clear that these were addict behaviors why did I not want to give up my last refuge? Because I am a coward and a liar. ..I am not going to say that the marijuana maintenance program is wrong or that it is evil. I will say that I can't use it and maintain my sobriety. It is part of the rigorous honesty that I need to recover my senses. ..I also know that after a couple of years without it I have fresh eyes for how the MM program works for those I know. This might sound preachy and judgmental but from the way they treat me if selfishness and self-centeredness is the root of my problems I don't think my stoner friends are finding any relief from those issues in their lives.  ..Hey progress not perfection right? It sounds like you are asking all the right questions. Stay open for the honest truth and you will be fine. ..
Congratulations!..I know that weed or any other substance which *stimulates* my mind (even tea and coffee) triggers some sort of addictive behavior so I wont touch that. But If it works for you good luck.  .But please remember that weed isn't harmless it might effect your personality in a very slow and spiteful way (I've seen that at many friends).
You are a beacon of hope to us all.  Congrats.
