-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/163vmd/i_apologize_for_the_length_and_rant/

First off my badge is one of many lies I've been telling lately; I had my last drink only a couple hours ago...Overview of my drinking: I consider myself an 'irregular' drinker. I will sometimes go two weeks without drinking will sometimes turn down drinks at a party will sometimes only have one or two drinks but will often lie to my roommate about my drinking will frequently go on binges for a few days in a row  often miss work due to hangovers and frequently drink my roommates booze then lie to her face about it (who am I kidding?)...I think I've come to the realization it's not so much about the amount I drink or how often the point is I haven't been 'myself' for the two years I've been drinking. Despite being psychologically the most 'fit' I've been in probably my entire life I can feel myself being held back by alcohol in some way (My obsession? My shame? My moral corruptness? My little beer belly?) Does anyone else feel this way about their (ex) relationship with alcohol?..Anyway I won't be seeing support from friends or family for a few months maybe more and currently I'm so anxious (and young) that I likely won't see myself in a meeting so I was really hoping I might find some help or encouragement from the wisdom of the subreddit. To be honest I've let myself down in this fight so many times my confidence is a little shot and for the first time I'm actually feeling a bit of concern that this infuriating struggle might be the next twenty plus years of my life...Thank you all in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it and you are worth it. Meetings are everywhere and anywhere they are (on or offline) you have family. Face to face is always best and I highly recommend getting a sponsor &amp; a home group and forcing yourself to have some accountability... Remember though there is no shame in drinking - the most natural thing in the world for an alcoholic to do is to drink! I ALWAYS worry about people I know if they have gone back drinking because they don't all make it back... And seeing someone say they are coming back in the rooms always fills my heart with joy because I wouldn't wish an alcoholic death upon my worst enemy much less a friend... Be strong love who you are and most importantly be honest - it's the only thing that makes the first two possible :-) You've already done the hardest thing which is reaching out - it all gets better from here :-) 
I just knew if I hung around here long enough I'd finally come across someone who's anxious about going to AA.  Usually everyone's so pumped to walk in to their first meeting. I was getting so sick of hearing "Sweet! AA! Finally! This rocks!"..I kid...Hey kid no one wants to go to their first meeting.  But you frequently go on binges you miss work you lie you don't feel like yourself you feel shame you feel like you're being held back and you have **no support**.  Support is important...It's possible to quit without AA. But you need a plan. You need to try doing something different. There's tons of great advice here. You may be able to piece something together that works for you. That's what I did.  ..But the fact that you even mention AA tells me that you've thought about going but have already decided that it won't work for you.  How can you know?  There are lots of young people in AA.  And everyone there was just as nervous as you are about walking through those doors.  Don't believe me? Read some of the old threads here.  People go to AA sit in the parking lot crying and never go in.  After a few tries they finally get up the courage &amp; come back here &amp; say "I am so glad I went I was nervous about nothing."..I'm just saying... You need a plan AA has a plan.  You need support AA has support. It's all right there waiting free for the taking.  So why not give it a shot?  Maybe you'll go to a few meetings and think "Yep I was right all along AA is not for me."  So then you've lost a few hours out of your week.  Big whoop.  Seems like a small gamble to make on something that could possibly save you the next 20 years...This thing ain't easy to beat. You're one of the lucky ones who figured it out young. It'd be foolish of you to not try everything you can think of.  This is your life we're talking about.
Hi RomeoAmadeus. A couple of bullet points:..- It will get worse. It gets worse until you stop or die...- It will happen in the blink of an eye...- You have to act now to push it backward then every day to keep it back...Alcohol has a plan for your life. Do you? Or are you going to sit in your room drinking and think about it? Because I already tried that one and after about ten years or so you forget the question...We love you and we don't want for you to have to go down the same stupid road just because you think you're smarter or dumber or cuter or uglier or some other extremely unique thing no one has ever thought of. Listen to people who have done this already. Download the online copy of the AA [book](http://www.aa.org/bbonline/) not for the program but for the personal stories after the first 164 pages. Pick through and read a few. Over and over again it's the same fucking shit the same insane thoughts plans and habits. Men women young old whatever. I promise you'll hear yourself all over it. I don't know what else to tell you; that's just how it is.
Alcoholics ~~won't~~ can't win this fight.  Certainly not alone. 
