-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1682vk/relapse_and_in_need_of_an_objective_view/

December 9: decided to not drink alcohol as it's a trigger for dipping tobacco which I also quit on this date.    ..December 30: drank 3 beers.    ..December 31: drank 4 beers.    ..January 7: drank 3 beers plus nearly 2 servings of wine.    ..Between December 31 and January 7 I had had the occasional drink at night.    ..Before I decided to drop alcohol - and failed - this was the usual amount I would drink: one or two nights a week of drinking up to 5 drinks and one or two drinks most other nights...Whenever I drink to the point of feeling buzzed I wake up the next morning feeling depressed. Like I somehow wasted something feeling that the drinking was pointless and I could have done without it.    .I'm also disgusted to a degree with our society's seemingly unquestioning tolerance for the prevalence of a substance which is the catalyst for too many horrible things and too few good things.    .    .Despite this I find it difficult to say "goodbye" to the fermented friend/foe for good.    .    .What would you say?
----------immediate responses--------

Reset the counter and get back on the horse.  ..Society's acceptance of a vice has nothing to do with ending its influence on your life.  It seems to me that everyone on this thread has had trouble saying "goodbye" to alcohol - be it a few failed attempts at moderation or a few failed attempts at quitting cold turkey...If you really want to stop drinking then stop.  If you need a support group find one - be it this subreddit the chatroom in the sidebar an AA group or a SMART recovery group or whatever else works for you.
There is no objective view on alcoholism individuals vary significantly in terms of how they abuse alcohol (location situation quantity). When it comes to deciding whether or not to stop drinking the only opinion that matters is your own. You'll even notice than in the test on the sidebar most of the questions refer back to how alcohol makes you feel. If you know that alcohol contributes to your unhappiness who cares what society thinks of your drinking habit? Only you can address how drinking affects the way you feel. ..If you are feeling discouraged by past failed attempts at quitting you should know that "failing" after trying to quit (even repeatedly) is a completely natural stepping stone on the way to permanent sobriety. Ask anyone here with long term sobriety how many times they tried to stop before it stuck? I would venture a guess that the majority tried and "failed" many times. That is a part of the process and the process is not easy every alcoholic finds it difficult to say "goodbye" to alcohol. That said this isn't an excuse to let yourself fall off the wagon. The key to sobriety is to keep working at it no matter what setbacks you face. 
You need to decide if your life would be better with or without alcohol. 
It is hard but it is worth it. Just remember what you feel like when you drink and when you are tempted to pick up just play it through in your mind. For me it is then possible to say "never better always worse..." That's what I do one day at a time.
Alcohol is a depressant. It makes you depressed (but also somehow increases anxiety as well...). I had to quit drinking there was pretty much no option for me to continue but I was a high functioning alcoholic so it was difficult to decide to quit. My counselor asked me "Would your life improve if you did not drink?" I said "yes." And that was that. Then she taught me how to stay sober and be happy!
Reset your counter and get some help with this. For the majority of us it is to hard to do this alone. And I mean some in person face to face help not just a bunch of faceless strangers on the internet. I struggled  trying to do it on my own for many years. Alcohol is cunning baffleing and powerful without help it is to much for us.
I could not do it alone and I tried.  I would even excuse a slip saying I was consuming 90% less that week. WOW!  .If drinking has become pointless it is on the way to becoming work.  As an occupation drinking has a bad career path..Find some support.  Smart AA whatever is out there.  It will be a whole lot easier -and more successful
