-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16abnt/starting_my_adventure_day_1/

I am beginning my adventure of no drinking. I realise now that drinking was ruining my life instead of making it better. Certainly at parties with roommates I become a complete social hand grenade when I drink. Recently in a drunken episode last week I completely lost 4 hours of my life and ended up waking up to the sound of rushing water to find my sink had been clogged up with sick (I was so drunk I couldn't remember throwing up and also decided the sink was a better alternative than the toilet...). ..Moreover the final straw came yesterday when my roommates had to carry me to bed after I had got so drunk (by myself I should add). This led to me having an anxiety attack the following morning when I was told what happened and the embarrassment I felt was immense. ..I have no limits when I drink. I can't restrict myself when I drink...I told my roommates today that I had a drinking problem. I am now going to be completely dry. Hopefully my roommates will help me with my drinking problem but were semi-supportive (although they think I should just drink very little amounts which I can't see as feasible). ..Can I start by asking however about advice for the first few days - i.e. resisting temptation not relapsing on social occasions (i.e. my birthday is coming up) how to not be a bore at parties (as I find drinking eases me a little)? 
----------immediate responses--------

Big difference between "dry" and "sober" If you want soberity get your butt to an AA meeting today. If you want dry get a towell.
If your birthday is coming up have it with your friends who know that you've quit drinking an do not have it at a bar.  Don't set yourself up for failure by being at places that serve lots of alcohol or spending time with other people who intend to drink.  If there's drinking at those parties avoid them for a while...If you read around the threads a lot of us have self-medicated for social anxiety using alcohol.  For the first month or so you might want to be a bit of a shut in if you're worried about relapsing...Stay as busy as possible to keep your mind off booze.  If you need a support network there's always AA or SMART (smartrecovery.org) or even this subreddit.  But again - avoid triggers or places that fit with your drinking habits.
[deleted]
good luck to you!  .today is the first day for me as well.  .i broke a good 150 day streak but learned about my actions and the most important thing:  you need to build a network of people you can rely on.  i let my support group go to the wayside because of foolish pride. .this is a great sub for when you get the urge. .i suggest therapy or A.A. or both.  .And get a therapist who's 'been there.'  Again good luck to you!
Hi Tessa welcome. Sounds like you're making a positive decision for yourself. Good for you...It's more than likely that you'll just have to push through your first week or so if not longer. That's not the case for everyone but it is for a lot of us. In my case that meant pretty much just keeping my head down and avoiding situations where I might start to feel weird. It wasn't necessary for long but early in it was just for the best...It's important for you to stay in touch with how you're doing and know what your triggers are. Be honest with yourself about your psychological and emotional state - there's nothing wrong with backing up a second and slowing yourself down...Keep talking. We want to know how it goes. Remember; we don't need to worry about any other day but today for now. Tomorrow we can worry about that day. Take it that way for your own sake. Good luck. My very best to you.
Resisting temptation - remember exactly what you have told us here. The drunken incidents you have related are what alcohol is all about. That is what alcohol will give you what it will do to you. It's not fun. You might think that having 'just one' will be fun - it won't be. It will be stressful it will lower your self-confidence as you'll be disappointed in yourself for not sticking to your commitment and that 'just one' is guaranteed to lead to many more. ..It doesn't matter that your friends don't understand or don't think you have a problem. You KNOW you have a problem. You also know that you can't control yourself when it comes to alcohol. There's no shame in admitting that. Neither can I or any one else on this forum! And there are millions of people out there that can't control their drinking but just haven't admitted it to themselves yet or haven't taken responsibility for that fact. ..Start looking forward to a happy sober life. And congratulations on your decision :-)
