-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16eq6f/10_days_in_wall_of_text/

Hi all just thought I'd introduce myself. I'm in my late thirties I've been drinking heavily for twenty years now. I drink every night get rat-arsed and then fumble through work next day until I can get free and drunk again. ...I realised I had a problem about 8 days before Christmas went to an AA meeting but I was struggling until I realised why: my house was stocked to the rafters with Christmas booze. ..So I gave in and drank the lot. I was miserable drunk hungover. This time I made myself notice quite how shitty the situation I'd put myself in was; I committed to giving up on the first day of 2013...I'm ten days in and I'm kicking myself for not seeing that having a houseful of booze might have been a temptation. I don't have any unmanageable cravings this time (cooking at the weekend is worst for me I always used to cook sozzled). My SO is supporting me I plan on going to a couple of AA meetings this week I feel good about giving up. I'm trying to take it one night at a time not thinking about forever. ..I feel kind of drunk all the time though slow and woozy. I'm hoping this will pass soon and I can truly move on. ..Sorry for the wall of text guys. ..TL;DR Was a drunk gave it up.
----------immediate responses--------

best wishes - it sounds like you're making all the right moves.
&gt;I plan on going to a couple of AA meetings this week I feel good about giving up. I'm trying to take it one night at a time not thinking about forever. ..Good attitude. If you are an alcoholic your goal should be permanent abstinence but don't focus on the long term goal. Don't really spend much time thinking about forever but focus on today. Stay sober today and don't drink no matter what. Go to bed sober wake up sober and start all over staying sober today...You can do this. Good luck.
Yikes that hits close to home. Ever done this one:    .Giving up drinking? Welp better get rid of all the alcohol in the house... Drink it all as quick as possible in as short time as possible! That way it will be gone quicker and I can stop drinking quicker... What the hell was I thinking? :P  .Hope you just poured it all out.  .Also it will pass stay sober and drink plenty of water and try to get sleep. Maybe go for a run too. PS don't try to replace it with too much coffee to feel energized and awake either ;)
You can try a lighter diet for a week or so with some Yogi Detox tea and taking some activated charcoal gelcaps. It will help flush your body of toxins without making you feel like ass. You got this!
One day behind you and feeling the same way. 
Welcome. This is one of the best of the subreddits. Lots of support and information. No messing around about addiction here!..You have a great attitude. Glad you are going to AA. Hang in there. Listen. Soak it up. Look for similarities. Some things may seem weird and/or bug you. Oh well. Let 'em go. After all it's a bunch of drunks!  (who want to and have stopped drinking!)
[deleted]
Thanks everyone for all the support and great suggestions. It's definitely helped. Onwards and upwards! 
