-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16k37g/7_months_sober_what_ive_learned/

So I've made it to 7 months sober now over half a year and it's crazy. It's not anything I thought I could/would do. And I'm soo grateful. I do go to AA and have a 'higher power of my understanding.' A few things I have learned:..The obsession does go away..I can handle feelings/situations without the urge of turning to a drink..The emotional/feelings aspect of being sober is the hardest for me..Finding things besides meetings to do in my free time..The 'friends' I had when I was drinking don't understand/relate and I have realized they weren't really friends in the first place ..The fellowship in AA is what you make it: I feel included when I want to or if I don't..I now understand the true meaning of what a friend should be and can have those relationships and connect..I'm not alone and am only alone when I put myself there and isolate..Isolating is the worst thing I can do when I'm having a hard time..Feelings come and go they are not facts..Sobriety for me got harder after the 'honeymoon phase' but it's still not as bad as when I was drinking..Living in fear of relapse for me was bad and I had to realize that it was just another fear and I can't live life based in fear..Taking a step back and realizing where I am emotionally in situations..It's ok for me to just be willing to be willing (as strange as it sounds)..Live on LIFES term and try to stay present in life that no matter what's going on it will pass..Too many options make me feel overwhelmed..These are just some of thing big things for me I've gotten at 7 months sober...I heard someone say "If I could drink like a normal person I would drink everyday" I related to that and I know that's the insanity of what we suffer from. Sobriety is something I want to stick with and I know a day at a time I'll get there. :D.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 7 months. You should feel good about your accomplishment...&gt; "If I could drink like a normal person I would drink everyday"..I like that statement and the insanity that it implies. I don't want to drink like a normal person and never have. I want to drink like a fish but suffer no consequences.
I'm stealing that quote...Congrats on seven months and thank you for sharing what you've learned and what you're experience has been.  It's good to hear that the obsession goes away.
[deleted]
The key word for me is "relate"  - I relate to other alcoholics in meet in AA. I relate to them like no one else before drunk or sober. And so I learned all about what relationships are as a result of going to AA and meeting people there who I can now call my friends. ..Before I had enormous difficulty relating to people or even talking to people without having a drink. Don't get me wrong I had a couple of dozen girlfriends and even got married had kids got a couple of degrees top 5% earner always had good jobs lived in the best parts of town but I drank alcoholically through all that. I had to drink every day for 23 years just to help me relate to people...AA taught me how to do all that without having a drink. The key was relating first to people like myself - alocholics  - and the best place to find Alcoholics like myself are at AA meetings. There's a couple or more a day where I live. I go there to be with my fellows...I don't go to AA meetings now to stay away from the drink or praise God  -the obsession has gone. I go there because I like going there it's where my friends are. It's a safe place where I can relate where I won't feel judged or belittled or condemed for what I've done or what I think. It's a place where I can raise my self esteem in a legitimate way by helping others recover from the dreadful loneliness and isolation that alcoholism takes you to...Great news you got 7 months - keep on doing what you are doing don't drink and don't die and you can be sober for as long as you want. - DARE TO BE ORDINARY :-)
Fair play to you.  I enjoyed reading the post and can identify with it.  It's a great feeling when the obsession leaves.  I go to meeting to help people see my friends and remember what it was like before the obsession left.  Good luck to you.
I'm one week away from 7 mos. and I recognize some similarities here and many differences. Maybe that's a different way of saying you can have alternate paths to the same destination. EDIT: emotions are the hardest right now too. I have achieved successes over my emotions so far which gives me strength to get through current stuff. But I had a different experience with AA and it was the people in the program that caused turmoil in my life. But hey that will pass too. The only thing is now that I've experienced pain when does the joy get here?
&gt;Feelings come and go they are not facts..I love that one...A problem I've had is that when I feel someone is treating me poorly they must in fact be treating me poorly which must mean that they look down on me and they have no right to look down on me which must mean that they are arrogant jerks which means that I should not feel bad at all about treating them very poorly right back.  ..You can imagine how well that worked out for me.   And 98% of the time I just had the facts wrong or misinterpreted something.   Usually as a result of being hammered...These days I do not knee-jerk nearly as badly.   Which is pleasant.
This sub is so great. I'm at the beginning of my journey but reading all these success stories and seeing the *old timers* with their years of sobriety is so inspiring. I'm feeling pretty down on myself today because I stumbled after just 2 days and drank last night. But like you said one day at a time. Today I'm going to do things differently than I did yesterday and today I'm going to live sober. I'll worry about tomorrow when tomorrow comes.
&gt;Living in fear of relapse for me was bad and I had to realize that it was just another fear and I can't live life based in fear..That's the one that gets me. It seems that so many people are *terrified* of relapse and it rules their lives and all their decisions with an iron fist. They live in constant terror...I couldn't live live that. I have just under a year sober and I think everyone else is more afraid of me relapsing that I am. I don't fear it. I just tell myself that I can't drink anymore and that's that. If I have thoughts pop up I cut them off. "Man one little glass of whis...NOPE!"..To me it seems that people who fear relapsing that hard are more apt to relapse because they're obsessing over it. I just put it out of my mind and do other things.
Nice post and congratulations! Something to be proud of.
Thanks for the insights. This may sound odd but I must admit that it hasn't been difficult at all for me to drop drinking like the shitty habit it was. I'm 33. I started experimenting eith booze when I was 14. I've tried to drop it seriously at least a half dozen times. ..Once I went 7 months then figured I'd have a beer immediately wanted another one and another year of "partying" blew by. At the end of November foolish decisions shattered the bridge of trust I was building with a wonderful woman in my life. The day after I knew I had gone too far and it was over - I downloaded and read Allen Carr's 'How to control your drinking' having had it recommended to me here in SD. It put my head on straight in ways I had hints about before but that perspective on drinking and how i've absorbed it has made my transition to being sober well easy. it just makes sense. I'm not struggling with anything. ..Was I the type of person who drinks till it's gone? For sure. Am I craving a drink and refuse to let myself have one? No way. It's clear to me that it is a toxic poison and 97% of Every stupid decision I've made in my life happened after having at least one if not three or seven beers. I've played bumper cars with friends in actual cars at 50 mph on highway I've bought and used enough blow to be able see the molecular structure of atoms with the naked eye (not fun) jumped on bars and punted peoples pints across the room and sent enough regretful text messages to bury any sense of personal dignity deep into the center of the Earth. ..This time around though being sober feels very different - and I think it might have something to do with growing up and more importantly with the idea that I'm not going to meetings with people who want to drink but choose not to - I just actually have no desire for it anymore. In the same way I can't imagine playing with GI Joes late into the night on my bed. ..Drinking is outrageously expensive at precisely the same time it's totally worthless. ..tldr: I feel like it's okay to just be over it and drop the idea that it needs to be some kind of 'woe is me struggle'
