-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16pft8/athiest_aa_members_how_do_you_view_steps_2_and_3/

I'm just starting AA and I see extreme value in it's teachings and philosophy. However when I am reading the big book even though I have come to a somewhat reasonable understanding of what my higher power is I still shudder when I read "Thy will be done" and so many references to God.  I am struggling to describe "God" as I am an athiest.  I want to follow the AA traditions and be a part of the fellowship but it's agonizing.  Does anyone have any insight into how they being athiest fill in steps 2 and 3?  .***  Thanks everyone for your replies. I found a lot of great insights and am starting to understand how I can look past the God aspect and really use the programs fundamental teachings to my benefit!  Thanks again!
----------immediate responses--------

Many people struggle with the spiritual aspects of the program especially early on. Just remember that the Higher Power is one of *your* understanding no one else's. Also there is no requirement that you actually have to understand it. I sure as hell don't I just know that it works. Some people like to use the group as their higher power others say GOD stands for Good Orderly Direction. Bottom line is all you need for step 2 is a willingness to believe in something greater than yourself. Doesn't have to be a sky wizard spaghetti monster or anything else like that. I hope that helps. Finally I cannot stress enough how important it is to work the steps with someone else who has already worked all twelve. Best of luck and please feel free to PM me if you have questions.
im off to my first meeting tomorrow and ill admit im right in that boat with you ! im also concerned about how i would tackle #6 and a few others this and not wanting to admit in public my problem are my real concerns. ive made my mind up to go though i cant be the only alcoholic athiest right surely there are more ?
The best advice I got on Step 2 was to take it a word at a time. ..I came...I came to...I came to believe...Don't believe in a power that can keep you sober? That's cool. Just keep coming back. After a while you will see that something is doing for you what you could not do for yourself. ..And in THE BOOK it has this to say about Step 2. ..&gt; This is the how and why of it. First of all we had to quit playing God. It didn't work. (pg 62)..As an atheist i did not believe in god but I thought I was god so I guess i did not believe in myself?..Also get yourself a damn sponsor. These are the discussions we have with other alcoholics that we trust. Keep listening. If atheism is your deal breaker find a sober atheist to sponsor you. ..Most importantly... WELCOME! KEEP COMING BACK. ...
Answer this question "Is it possible that there is more to the world than I currently understand and if so is it possible that there is a power greater than me and if so is it possible that this could keep me sober regardless of my finite understanding?"
"Agonizing" sounds miserable. If you want to keep it simple here's one way...THE TWELVE STEPS SIMPLIFIED..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head...Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers . so I'll ask for help...Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given. ..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life...Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others. ..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life...Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal. ..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt...Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm. ..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors.  ..11: Be aware of and appreciate the beauty in the world and people. ..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me. 
Welcome davidaimes!..Not to worry. It's possible to be a part of the fellowship. There are many atheists in AA. If you look in the sidebar of /r/alcoholism you will find resources which might be helpful. I also suggest you browse the subreddit. 
I think the problem with us atheists is that we never really decided on a definition of god before we set out denying its existence. For me the very act of asking "just what the hell is god?" led me to where I needed to be in order to work the program...I think we can all agree that there are things which are not visible nor do they possess any material qualities but which we no doubt treat as objects. Love for example is invisible and has no qualities that can be quantified and yet very few people would go so far as to say that love does not exist. In the same way memories thoughts plans intuitions can all cause us to act on their behalf - in other words they have power over us - and yet they don't exist on a material plain...Put into that context you can think of the question on pg. 47: "Do I now believe or am I even willing to believe that there is a Power greater than myself?" All that needs to exist here is a shred of a possibility that we are not the central actors in the universe that we perceive. At least that was the case for me.
It's a thoroughly Christian movement from the start. Many churches don't waste time on the superstitious aspects of their religion and focus on useful things instead: many don't. AA groups are similar. ..Chapter four of the book makes it really clear that it's "convert or die" but the useful lessons can be airlifted out of the religiosity:..You've got some bad ideas floating around in your head about what alcohol does for you and you're going to have to let those go. You don't know which ones those are ahead of time...Your body and mind will surprise you by healing once you stop poisoning them every day. ...Religious people attribute every good outcome to their god and bad ones to themselves in what's called a fundamental attribution error. Biology+time-poison will result in your body healing. Unexpectedly. If you took Bio 30 in high school you don't need god. 
In the little abc at the end of 'How It Works' it said that "God could and would *if He were sought.*..Not found just sought...All that AA has ever been asking me to do is to keep an open mind about my spiritual relationship to the universe around me.  ..Yes the language of the Big Book is old-fashioned and quotes spiritual manuscripts in language even older (thy and thee have been out of common usage for hundreds of years.)  But never in my experience has any AA literature specified the framework for my beliefs...When I got to AA I stated (in a meeting not advised) that "I am an atheist and I hate God."..The reply was "So you are busy hating something that you don't believe exists.  You should look at that."..I ended up cobbling together a Higher Power based on Stranger In A Strange Land by Robert Heinlein Zen And The Art Of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Persig and The Principia Discordia by Malcalypse the Younger.  ..Not your standard deity.  So while I am no longer technically atheist I am still firmly agnostic with the mindset that more will be revealed...Meanwhile I would suggest that you simply take it one day at a time and enjoy the ride.  Stop struggling to describe "God."  I discovered that if you relax and keep an open mind "god" will describe itself to *you.*
The Higher Power should be the future successful sober you.
G.O.D.=Group of Drunks.  The people around those tables are a "higher power".  Hope this helps.
I turned to a member I highly respect with a similar question. He answered he would discuss as much as was I wanted provided I put my thoughts in order on the subject so we can share the same language. To do this he suggested (actually prescribed - LOL) I read "Dynamic of faith" by Paul Tillich. Best advice I ever got. I suggest you give it a try.
I look at my 24 hour chip daily and I'm reminded that I have to be true to myself...As an atheist I have tried to look to science to answer the question of what god is to me.  What I have determined so far is that fellowship is perhaps the most important part of AA.  AA is chalk full of religion so I looked at organized religion objectively and realized that the fellowship found there is probably the most binding part of that whole mess.  Fellowship is important.  I got that but I couldn't wrap my head around a "group of drunks" being my god.  That's when I started looking at what happens during fellowship.  Check out [quantum entanglement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_entanglement).  I know the connections we make have an effect on the individual and the universe that we don't yet understand.  Yes I realize there is a great leap between fellowship quantum entanglement and what effects it may have but I can put my faith in that.  Faith that fellowship can effect change.  For me this includes sharing art music activities with others.  Do what you love and share it with others.  I'm still finding the things that I love and I'm still getting used to the idea that I have to tear down the wall and let others into my life.  So far it has been very satisfying personally and for me it satisfies the "god" portion of AA..
I think of it this way:..Do you acknowledge that there is such a thing as the taste of cinnamon?  Do you know what it tastes like?  Of course you do...Okay who made cinnamon taste that way?  Was it *you?*  Obviously not...When I say "God" I mean "the reason things are the way they are."  The reason cinnamon tastes like cinnamon and not something else.  I don't know what's behind that reason but I know that it's real whatever it is.  (Because cinnamon.)  And whatever it is it sure as shit isn't me...And that's what got me sober:  Something that's real whatever it is and that sure as shit isn't me...As far as prayer goes the important part is that you're asking.  It really doesn't matter who or what you're asking.  The point is that you're looking outside yourself.  And the practice of petition changes the way you think.  It doesn't make you believe in something that isn't real but it alters your relationship to the world.
