-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16qe3n/i_want_to_try_stop_drinking_but_it_all_fucks_me/

Hey..My story:.First I have to say im currently under alcoholic influence and am living in Germany. I know that the alcohol isnt that availlable in the US and other countries I note it just for the comprehension... 2 bottles of wine and about 5 beers. I remember I joked about other people who went to parties and drank 2 bottles of wine to get a little bit tippsy. 9 years later I drink it just like that or a bottle of whiskey/rum/vodka. I hate it....Already in my schooltime I drank a lot. It was funny for me and for my friends. We had a very good time. Not that amount of alcohol just a few beers and shots over the evening. When I went to college it got better I was in a new town lost alot of weight drank less and had way more fun. But time after time it got worse. I got in a crowd which drank a bottle of vodka just for the preparty. I enjoyed the crowd so in this time I had a lot of fun. They seem to manage it fine but in my case it got worse and worse. When I had just to finish my thesis and my rent contact was finished I thought it was best for me to move home. To recaliber and reduce my drinking. In the end it cost me a year of tuiition und lifetime to get to the point to complete it (normally its about 2-3 months). The first time I came to my hometown and lived again with my parents it was months of bingedrinking. Just for fun. My mother is since a few years a borderline alcoholic who drinks everyday. My grandpa lost his wife(and her mother) and she began to drink a lot more. He is turkish and smelled at the drinks of my mother because he thinks with the age of 50 she isnt allowed to drink just for fun. So she switched to vodka whcih she said he couldnt smell. I continued my drinking and dindt do anything about my life for about a year. I had a few moments when I tried to get rid of the alcohol. Did a lot of sports and other things. But in the end it always got to me. Today i can drink a bottle of hard stuff in the evening plus a bottle of wine. ...I dont have a physical withdrawal and still can manage it to stay sober for a few days. But everyone in my family drinks so I just relapse at some point and drink as much as I can to make up the time (in my drunk mind). I tried to speak to my father about it. I also spoke about the alcoholism of my mother with her and my dad when I wasnt that dependend on alcohol. But they dont realize it.   My Dad's mother was a alcoholic for a few decades (since when he was a teenager till I was 12 years old - nearly 20yrs) and nearly died because of it. So my Dad thinks that if isnt like that it isnt really alcoholism. I know my life is fucked up because of my drinking problem. I am staying at our house since a years and doint nearly nothing. Surfing parties normal drinking and binge drinking. ...I had a supervisor(?) for my thesis when I left college but then I said: fuck it. Had party for a year got fat did nothing really worth mentioning. I`ve  now got a new supervisor and try really hard and if I have got something to do I dont have the need to drink. But then at dinner when I see someone drink(which is pretty normal at my househould) I have the urge to drink till I fall to sleep. I think its because I have the greatest dreams when I drink I just feel great in my dreams and they are wild and funny. The hangover would normaly stop me but I aint got it anymore. :( I guess I know that I have to leave this environment with alot of booze in the house which I can easily get. But I dont have any money left and my parents deny my and their problem. Ive been following this board since a few months but I couldnt make me to write this before. I just got to this point when today my parents told me at dinner that I should get my life together and they wouldnt support me anymore. I should seek a job in the city and sorroundings. I told them that it just fucked me up to live undependend in the family househould there was no job for my studies and I couldnt change my problems here. But they didnt really acknowlege my problem. Ive got a financial problem too since I blew all my money away for alcohol and stuff . Thanks for reading this long text...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Thank you for posting this. I'm glad you're trying to find help...Is there a meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous in your area? Or one nearby that you could get to? If you're trying to quit they may be able to help you. The people in AA have managed to quit and they can help you do to the same. They can also be a great support system for you; if I ever feel like I want to drink I have several phone numbers that I can call any time...Please know that you're not alone. If I was able to stop I know you can too. Once you manage to get rid of the alcohol you'll see so much happen in your life that you won't believe. My best to you. Be well.
[deleted]
Thanks for your comments! Im trying to go to a AA meeting. Im kind of "frightened" because im agnostic and dont really know if I can believe in an upper being. Also yet my problem remains. I come home and got lots and lots of possibilities to drink.. Doesnt anyone have a tipp how I can make a better statement to get rid of the alc. Do you have any advises for my parental situation? I really want my dad to recognize the drinking situation in our family and want my mother to drink less and not more. But everytime I break this subject my dad walks away and my mom denies it :(
