-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16uc6f/stopping_thanks_to_this_subreddit/

Hi Everyone..I've been lurking for a little over a week reading pretty much every post daily. This subreddit has already made a huge difference in my life and today I'm taking it another step by making this account and typing this first post. I'm really looking forward to a new chapter in my life and I think this subreddit may be a big part of it. I apologize in advance for the coming wall of text but I kind of needed to get things out...My Story: I'm 26 years old and have been drinking between 5-15 drinks a day since I was about 20. Throughout all this time I've been extremely high functioning. I did very well in school graduated got an awesome job that I love have a girlfriend and a great supportive family I've never blacked out I rarely get sick or vomit. I've never gotten 'too drunk' at a social event or party or embarassed myself or others. I'm able to control my drinking enough so that days when I need to get up early I'll only have 5 or so drinks over the course of the night and wake up fine; there have only ever been a handful of times when I have missed work because I was too hungover. I'm viewed by others as an extremely responsible and reliable person. This has all lead me to constantly rationalize my drinking in that "oh well if it's not a problem it's not a problem" There's  nothing bad (yet) that I can reallly point at and say "oh that was alcohol's fault". On the contrary there are lots of really great times that I associate with alcohol. I've known that drinking the amount that I do is not healthy and so I've attempted to moderate or cut back in the past. It's never worked but then again I don't think I was ever really serious about it before. Not drinking ever again was too scary a thought.  Anyways last friday I happened upon this subreddit and started reading posts. Then I read more posts. And more and more. Something clicked in me as I was reading those posts I'm not really sure what. I wasn't ready to admit to myself yet what may have clicked but I think deep down I knew. That night I went to dinner with my girlfriend. Instead of the normal 3 drinks over the course of the meal I got one. I had even contemplated not getting anything to drink but again I wasn't ready to admit anything yet and not getting a single drink would have caused my girlfriend to wonder what was wrong with me. That night I didn't drink anymore. It was one of the first nights I've ever had a drink and then stopped. Then on Saturday I didn't have anything to drink even when I was offered drinks during football. I did the same on Sunday.. and monday and so on. It's now been a week since I had my last drink the longest (by six days!) that I have been without alcohol in the last six years.  I know that there are a lot of people out there that are a lot worse off in this battle than me but I just want everyone to know that this subreddit has been helping me sooo so much. Reading other people's experiences being able to identify knowing the same emotions that people are referring to. I've been fighting this battle inside myself for the last few years and its made feel terribly alone. As I said people look to me as the responsible person  so I've stood stoic and never let on to any of the pain and struggle. Being able to read and now contribute lets me know I'm not alone in this and that I can do it and I will be happyer for it. I'm letting my SO know tonight that I won't be drinking again. I still havn't figured out how I'm going to tell my family. But that will come. Again thanks...TL;DR Been drinking daily and heavily for six years quit drinking last friday after finding this subreddit happy and relieved that I'm not alone in this and ready to start a new chapter in my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Congratulations on starting your recovery journey!
Congratulations on starting your recovery journey! Did you request a badge for number of sober days? Check the sidebar for directions. 
A new life awaits. Good luck my friend!  I wish you well.
