-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/178yyd/back_to_square_one/

Well here I am again. After thinking I was in the clear with over 75 days sober I fucked up and decided that maybe I wasn't an alcoholic after all. I got complacent and now I'm paying the price. For the last few weeks I had been battling with the compulsion to drink and last night I finally gave in. After buying dinner I got a 6 pack and downed all of them in the space of about an hour. It took every ounce of my strength not to go and buy more. I barely slept last night and was a nervous wreck at work today. ..I decided to give AA a try and have a sponsor and have just started on the fourth step but am finding it really hard to stay motivated. I'm still caught up on step 3 because I have a real problem with "handing my will and life over" to a god or higher power that I don't even believe in. I'm willing to believe in one but I can't force myself. After weeks of struggling with this I finally gave in. It was a reminder of why I can't drink. I wake up feeling like I hate myself and life and just generally feeling suicidal. I know for a fact that normal drinkers don't feel like this after a binge. I struggle with the fact that I can't drink like other people. ..I will keep going to AA because to be honest it's the only thing that kept me sober for the last couple of months. There's a meeting tonight and I will talk to my sponsor about it. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Hope you don't beat yourself too much here. (Hard not to I have done the same.) You did 75 good days and it sounds like you took something away from this one day. And stopping when you did saved you from something worse. That's hard. I've had a fuck it day renew my desire to act intentionally. Maybe it's rationalization maybe it's making a regretted decision into something better. Good for you on the 75 you know you have strength. 
Third step does not require an advanced degree in theology.  The universe has found you a seat on a folding chair in a church basement for a reason..Not having all the answers was a big problem for me too.  ..Look at it another way you never really had control. Your next heartbeat is controlled by a tiny electrical impulse from your brain do you want to risk that by thinking too much?..Edit. Welcome back!..
&gt;I'm still caught up on step 3 because I have a real problem with "handing my will and life over" to a god or higher power that I don't even believe in...My "god" in AA was the "group of drunks" in the meeting rooms. They were a power greater than myself as they were able to stay sober while I was not. "Turning my will and life over" just meant listening to what they had to say and doing the things that were suggested I do...Actually it was a little more than that. I watched people that appeared to be happy and had what I wanted. I made a conscious decision to do the same things that they did hoping I would also find some happiness. The people that I emulated were heavily involved in service work so that's what I did. I jumped in with both feet and took advantage of EVERY service opportunity that came my way. It worked very well for me and I ended up having a lot of fun...Good luck.
Step 3 isn't about having found anything.  It's simply a decision to put "faith" into the action steps of the program that they'll help change your life.  Time to act your way into better thinking you'll feel better and before you know it you'll be living your way into a better life.
[deleted]
AA is a fantastic program and works for a lot of people.  If you find that it isn't working for you you might want to look at Smart Recovery. ..[Smart Recovery] (http://www.smartrecovery.org/)..
All the 'work' that we do on the road to recovery can never be considered a failure if we never lose the desire to stop drinking. ..I know I had to do a lot of research before I made a decision to try a different way than my way which eventually lead to drinking.
[deleted]
You have learned a great deal from 75 days of sobriety. It might even help to write down what success taught you and how you drove the process.
Welcome back. Congratulations on your decision to try something different. ..I do not understand why you are talking to us about your step work and not your sponsor. In my experience that is a process between a sponsor and a sponsee. What are his suggestions? If my sponsee relapsed I would have him do a hole lot of work on step 1 again before tackling 3 or 4. Clearly that whole powerless thing was not clear so you had to do some more research. 
[deleted]
Make sure your sponsor has a sponsor and they work the steps too...You mentioned "thinking" and "compusion"...It's called CRAVING in the book and the "thinking you were in the clear with over 75 days"....alcoholism starts in the mind not the body......Here's some stuff from the book:.."After they have succumbed to the desire again as so many do and the phenomenon of craving develops they pass through the well-known stages of a spree emerging remorseful with a firm resolution not to drink again. This is repeated over and over and unless this person can experience an entire psychic change there is very little hope of his recovery..On the other hand-and strange as this may seem to those who do not understand once a psychic change has occurred the very same person who seemed doomed who had so many problems he despaired of ever solving them suddenly finds himself easily able to control his desire for alcohol the only effort necessary being that required to follow a few simple rules.".. you're problem STARTS in your mind not your body:.."These observations would be academic and pointless if our friend never took the first drink thereby setting the terrible cycle in motion. Therefore the main problem of the alcoholic centers in his mind rather than in his body. If you ask him why he started on that last bender the chances are he will offer you any one of a hundred alibis. Sometimes these excuses have a certain plausibility but none of them really makes sense in the light of the havoc an alcoholic's drinking bout creates. They sound like the philosophy of the man who having a headache beats himself on the head with a hammer so that he can't feel the ache. If you draw this fallacious reasoning to the attention of an alcoholic he will laugh it off or become irritated and refuse to talk..Once in a while he may tell the truth. And the truth strange to say is usually that he has no more idea why he took that first drink than you have. Some drinkers have excuses with which they are satisfied part of the time. But in their hearts they really do not know why they do it. Once this malady has a real hold they are a baffled lot. There is the obsession that somehow someday they will beat the game. But they often suspect they are down for the count."..I hope you never drink again!
[deleted]
If you're still at step three maybe sit with that one for a bit maybe go back to step one?...That's the deal breaker :) good to see you can get back to a meeting so quickly way to go.
