-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17bku9/it_was_easy/

With a recent new job came additional stress so I'm forcing myself to reflect on what caused me to get sober.  I'm finding that as I get closer to a year my brain is making it easy to forget all the shit I used to get myself into.  I need to remind myself...It's funny how easy it was for me to search out and find other alcoholics or drinking partners.  While on road trips when friends colleagues and clients would be heading off to bed I would take the elevator up to my room with the appearance that I was going to bed too.  As soon as I got to my room I would turn around walk down stairs and head to the hotel bar or a bar close by.  I'd start up conversations with people and drink drink and drink.  They liked me because I drank and had an expense account and I liked them because they did lot judge me or my drinking.  ..Those people were somehow easy to find.  It's almost like magnets - we were drawn to each other.  ..If it wasn't Vegas we would search out new ways to get alcohol.  As you probably know vegas pouring never stops.  Sometimes I'd end up at houses of people I didn't know their hotel room raiding mini bars or my hotel room drinking.  My new "friends" never judged me.  I would generally not sleep and somehow meet up with co-workers after quickly making it to my room and changing into clean clothes and my work persona.  ..Those late nights got me into really fucked up situations.  Things a family man should never talk about.  My new "friends" accepted my alcoholism and knowing that I'd never see them again they wouldn't talk or judge me...I'm sober now and I'm reminded of the the situations I got myself in.  I'm not proud of them and I certainly don't boast about them.  I'm ashamed but I forgave myself.  I know it wasn't the real me...I love the sober me and I love the new memories I'm creating.  Memories I can talk about and share with my wife and kids.  Memories that I'm proud of...The hardest part of quitting has been getting over the fact that people can and do like me for me.  Not my ability to be a drinking alibi.  Not my expense account - but me.  I'm worth getting to know.  I still struggle with the idea that I'm worth liking loving or getting to know - It just feels weird.  I never thought that I was worth it...I just wish it was just as easy accepting me for me than it was finding drinking "friends"....
----------immediate responses--------

That's kinda like me I had my sober life and my drunkard life. The two sets never mingled and if they did there'd be a crashing and burning. It sounds like you kept it in two places where ShitWentWrong(tm) for me is when I got drunk when I used to be sober; the line blurred. I didn't get into any trouble but I did make one hell of a mess.. .I like being sober.
Yep. Those were the days.....Being out of town and exploring the nightlife: bars sometimes casinos... and then strip joints and then deeper... expensive places and people I thought existed only in movies - adult movies that is... then looking for and finding that life back in the home town and start living a double life...I think this was the hardest part to accept when I sobered up. This is how it happened: During a AA meeting I heard an ex-escort girl who used to work in Vancouver telling her story. After the meeting I spoke with her. I was just a few month in the process at the time and I had a hard time with this part of my past. Actually I broke up in tear with her telling her how shitty I felt for having been on the client side of her own past. I kept on apologizing and drilling myself in the ground. She is the one who pointed out to me that both the girls like herself and customers like myself were simply ill and could make it with the appropriate program. It felt like 5000 pounds were falling off my shoulder...As I am writing this our two cats are playing around with my wife. This is a part of my life I will be keeping from her in accordance with talks with my therapist and my sponsor. No need to destroy her. But it is also one hell of a safeguard against booze because I know from first hand that some doors need to remain closed...Gee. I never thought I would write this up. I'll click on Save before I change my mind.
[deleted]
that really struck a nerve with me.  thanks for sharing.  
 I certainly know who my real friends are and who were just my drinking buddies.  My real friends never judged my decision on quitting and were understanding during the first two months of dry out tumult.  Now i'm working on who i want to be and how i'd like to be seen...There is a lot of power behind doing things on my terms and not the boozes. 
Fantastic post 2dayeyechange!  It's important to remember why you had to make this significant change in your life.  But I'm glad to see that you're making new memories that you can be proud of.  Keep it up!  365 is around the corner!
