-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17dc19/teetering_on_the_edge_of_the_wagon/

I'm dry since the start of the year and trying to stop the troll voice that says I can start drinking again at the start of next month...I'm a beer drinker. When I'm drinking I always go to work the morning after and my work doesn't suffer. When drinking I'm good to be around - no fireworks. I'll drink a 6 pack of 1/2 liter beers every night and will be buzzed but completely coherent...I run a business with my partner and we're struggling financially. I drink because it destresses me and because it's the only time I completely chill out and relax. When I'm drinking it's hard for me to skip a night and it's hard for me to have 3 or 4 instead of 6...I can't afford it even though I buy cheap beer. It makes me gain weight. It's messing with my health. It's worrying my partner. I worry that I may be still over the limit for driving the morning after. Yet here I am dry for several weeks and I know I'm on the verge of celebrating the 1 month anniversary with a beer. ..Why? My life seems really empty at the moment. My partner is the one good thing in my life and the one great motivator I have. The month I've just put down has been more for her than for me. Our financial situation is poor and I've been out of the social scene for years because of that and because I like people in small servings (hate crowds). ..I had hoped that a month in I'd be reaping the benefits. Instead my mood is darker and my brain is actually working worse. For the last month I've found it hard to concentrate and it's messing with my working day. While drinking working surfing the internet and sleeping were my favourite things. Now the internet and sleeping are my only hobbies. I used to have hobbies - none of them hold the slightest interest for me any more - haven't for years. Even exercise the cure everyone tends to suggest doesn't seem to deliver the promised endorphins. ..Sober me can't get motivated to work hard. This lack of concentration is a real surprise to me especially after weeks of it. Anyone got any insight into this?..Given that for financial reasons therapy isn't an option (I know I'm probbaly suffering from depression). Anyone have any ideas how I can make life on the wagon seem better than the alternative before I go and grab that 6 pack?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. Welcome. Thanks for posting...First off congrats on the time you've got so far. A month is a long time especially this early in so you're to be commended for how well you've done...Based on your comments I'm guessing that you've been going this alone so far. Quitting alone isn't impossible but as you're starting to notice it can be lonely and discouraging...I think you'd be best off by making and keeping regular contact with other alcoholics. AA is a great way to do this. A lot of the things you're complaining about are actually pretty common problems for former drinkers and they're all addressable...Your drinking wasn't caused by stress financial worries or a lack of hobbies. Ironically those are all side-effects of your condition and drinking was the best cure for that condition that you had come up with so far. AA is designed to help people find something to replace drinking as their primary source of joy in their lives...If you take one thing away from this I want it to be that all of this is all right and that it's not a hopeless situation for you. Drinking never fixed these problems and it's not going to this time either. The feelings you're having are common to us and others like us have succeeded in addressing them. Stick with it it does get better. I wouldn't be here to promise so otherwise.
Well done for staying sober for as long as you have.  I know exactly where you are at as I have been there before.  If you didn't feel the way you do I would be worried.  Life still goes on even though we are sober.  Drinking will not solve any of your problems  *[I can't afford it even though I buy cheap beer. It makes me gain weight. It's messing with my health. It's worrying my partner. I worry that I may be still over the limit for driving the morning after.]* If these reasons are not enough at the moment they may well be when it is too late.   AA works for atheists as well and you will surprised how few people will judge you if you do go.  I wish you well my friend. 
Your post is a living proof that quitting drinking all by yourself is very difficult. I agree with the others on this thread: nothing here is unusual for AA members. Agnostism and breach of anonymity are top items in the AA FAQ... My point is this: eventually something has to go! Either you try to get out while standing (even if only somewhat - from what I understand) or you dig yourself deeper...You can deny God all you want inside AA. Nobody can say a thing because the only condition to become a member is the will to stop drinking. What will happen to you is either things: a) you will find something to believe in or b) you will know what the heck you are talking about when you claim you are an agnostic. Either way you will grow as a person...As for being identified: alcoholics tend to fool themselves in thinking that "no one notices". Ya! Sure! You may not believe in God but you sure believe in fairy tales. And in any case booze is a time bomb ready to explode right in the face of your clients and your partner. I have yet to see any business person getting blamed or losing clients because he is sobering up...Good luck
May I suggest smart recovery.org ?  Their tools are incredibly helpful to me even with things not related to drinking.
