-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17ji21/well_probably_should_reset_my_badge/

I'm not resetting my badge.  I'll get down voted into oblivion but I don't care because my sobriety is for me.  I've relapsed 3 times in the month of January but I haven't lost my desire to be sober.  Sobriety is new to me as I have never in my life thought I needed it and certainly never thought I should work at it.  I haven't lost my new found desire and understanding that a sober life is what I need.  I've struggled with drugs and alcohol for a long time a struggle which I thought didn't exist before October 2012.  I know it exist now and haven't lost that... the day I convince myself that I don't have a problem with drugs and alcohol is the day I'll reset my badge and say bye.  That day is likely to come but that day isn't today...I've spent the last 1.5 days in jail for texting and emailing my wife that I love her and want her help (court ordered no contact).  I'm facing jail time and I'm most likely going to lose my job which is a career as a IT manager...a good career.  I'm facing no money being homeless and losing visitation with my kids.  With it all in my face I still know that drowning myself in drugs and alcohol isn't the answer.  So to any haters about the badge...it's for me and I'm being honest with ME!..Thanks everyone in this subreddit because you're all awesome!
----------immediate responses--------

I first want to just say that you're right your badge is for YOU. Whether you reset or not will receive no judgement from me (and should receive no judgement from others)...However I would like to point out something you said:..&gt;the day I convince myself that I don't have a problem with drugs and alcohol is the day I'll reset my badge and say bye. That day is likely to come.....I could be wrong but I think this kind of thinking is counter productive and because our words have a tendency to become beliefs and eventually actions maybe you should drop the negativity? You had three months before recent relapses and you're still committed to sobriety maybe focus on those 'wins' instead. :)..edit: I just wanted to add perhaps it would do some good for you to search for the answers to why you feel you'll have to reset your badge and what you can do to prevent that chance.
Hey feetonarm. Welcome back. Were you by chance drunk when you were trying to get in touch with the wife? Either way that probably didn't help your cause any...From the sidebar:..&gt;This reddit is a place for redditors to motivate each other to **control or** stop drinking...Most of us end up quitting for good but this is an inclusive place and that's what I like about it. I agree that your badge is your business and I don't think you'll have too much debate on that point. Keep making the right choices and take care of yourself.
Maybe instead of relapse those drinking episodes were just slips? Slippery slope I had a few slips last year eventually became full blown relapse. Best of luck.
I hope your able to keep your job man. Good luck I'm rootin for ya!
There are no haters or down votes over here. If there are then they are on the wrong Subreddit and require to be banned. I am really sorry about the things going on with your life. A relapse is part of the healing process it reminds us we still have an alcoholic mind and have no business touching that POISON. Start again but try and follow a 12-step program or [SMART] (http://www.smartrecovery.org/) program. I really hope you do not lose your job. All the best.
No advice to give mate but good luck to you. Chin up be strong in whatever you choose.
The badge is not the issue. Killing yourself is.  You have got to get out of the spiral before it intersects with a mountain..A suggestion. Go to work see if they have an employee assistance plan and take whatever they offer.  You still have insurance go to a rehab reset your brain and try again.  This might actually protect your job under disabilities act. Must say here  I am not a lawyer or expert.
Can you get help through your EAP at work? I hope you don't lose your job but it's obvious you're in a lot of trouble. Alcohol and you are a bad combination. Get some professional guidance such as an AODA counselor. Go to rehab if possible. 
AA's (not pushing it here) Book talks about being 'dry' and WHY we go back out..."FOR MOST normal folks drinking means conviviality companionship and colorful imagination. It means release from care boredom and worry. It is joyous intimacy with friends and a feeling that life is good. But not so with us in those last days of heavy drinking. The old pleasures were gone. They were but memories. Never could we recapture the great moments of the past. There was an insistent yearning to enjoy life as we once did and a heartbreaking obsession that some new miracle of control would enable us to do it. There was always one more attempt-and one more failure. The less people tolerated us the more we withdrew from society from life itself. As we became subjects of King Alcohol shivering denizens of his mad realm the chilling vapor that is loneliness settled down. It thickened ever becoming blacker. Some of us sought out sordid places hoping to find understanding companionship and approval. Momentarily we did-then would come oblivion and the awful awakening to face the hideous Four Horsemen - Terror Bewilderment Frustration Despair. Unhappy drinkers who read this page will understand! Now and then a serious drinker being dry at the moment says "I don't miss it at all. Feel better. Work better. Having a better time." As ex-problem drinkers we smile at such a sally. We know our friend is like a boy whistling in the dark to keep up his spirits. He fools himself. Inwardly he would give anything to take half a dozen drinks and get away with them. He will presently try the old game again for he isn't happy about his sobriety. He cannot picture life without alcohol. Some day he will be unable to imagine life either with alcohol or without it. Then he will know loneliness such as few do. He will be at the jumping-off place. He will wish for the end. We have shown how we got out from under. You say "Yes I'm willing. But am I to be consigned to a life where I shall be stupid boring and glum like some righteous people I see? I know I must get along without liquor but how can I? Have you a sufficient substitute?" Yes there is a substitute and it is vastly more than that. It is a fellowship in Alcoholics Anonymous. There you will find release from care boredom and worry. Your imagination will be fired. Life will mean something at last. The most satisfactory years of your existence lie ahead. Thus we find the fellowship and so will you."..I hope you never drink again...
When I was in program I heard "relapse is part of recovery" more times then I could count.  ..You really need to accept the apart time from your wife and respect the court order to not contact her.  Spend this time to better yourself.  ..I'm sorry you're going through all of this at once - it sounds pretty overwhelming.  Wish you the best.
As everyone else has said I don't give a shit whether you reset your badge or not.  I can't imagine going through what you're going through.  To a small degree I've done what you're doing (like I said small... during a fight and my wife would want to sleep on it I'd continually pester her even though she said she wanted to stop for the night).  It's hard when you love someone to let it go.  Even if they've asked you to...See if there's a way to take some action to show that you intend to honor the "no contact" order.  I'm not sure what that could be.  Maybe your cell phone provider could block your ability to text her.  It's a gesture but one that shows you're serious...I hope your punishment isn't serious enough to ruin your life.  I know how stressful an IT Manager position is and I feel for you.  I am working on my own sobriety while trying to keep it together in a similar job.  I just try to take it a day at a time.  When I'm particularly down I cherry pick tasks that will give me confidence and momentum to keep going...Good luck feetonarm!  I really hope for the best for you.
