-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17px2e/first_aa_meeting/

Went to an AA meeting this afternoon - not what I was expecting. **A lot** of people sharing about their struggles with defining God *as we understand him* but knowing that there was something bigger that was helping them.  Made a lot of sense to me and was refreshing.  I'm certainly not alone in my thinking and struggles.  I didn't say anything but a few people shook my hand and were nice.  I was the youngest person there by a long shot so that was a little weird but I'll get used to it. I wasn't planning on it but about 10 minutes before I just got up and went and I'm glad I went -   Here's to another day!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!  :)  Yeah I'm always around the youngest at every meeting I go to... but I see that as a blessing since most people say that they struggled w/ alcoholism for longer than I've been alive before they decided to go sober...I know in my city there are weekly meetings at GTLBQ centers the local uni etc... might be a good way to find different mixes of people?
Good man.  Just to get through the door is an achievement. Many make it easy Few make it hard None make it near impossible.  Good luck on your journey. 
Great you should try to get a Meeting list.  There may be a young people's meeting...in any cas it's not about your age it's about recovery.
Way to go! Getting in the first time is the worst one. It's also good that you got in on an honest god meeting; I think most people don't get to what extent most members of AA continue to wrestle with their understanding of god...If you decide to go to more meetings keep listening for the people who talk on your frequency. Talk to them. Get their phone number. There's a whole network of drunks with cell phones out there and you should avail yourself of it...Like they say in the meetings it works if you work it. That holds true for any program not just AA. Whatever you do make sure you're doing *something.* Booze has a plan for your life. Make sure you have a plan in response.
Well done.  Don't worry about the god thing it'll sort itself out for you if you give it time.  Don't worry about the age thing either everyone is glad to see younger people getting it.  A lot of people regret not getting it sooner and love to see people save themselves the extra shitty years.  And as others have pointed out there are probably some meetings that you'll find suit you better and some that won't suit you at all.  
Nice...The youngest guy at our noon meeting is 17...When people in AA are 'struggling' it only means they're looking for a loophole. ..The program is absolutely clear about "your" idea. ..I'm working with a guy now who sees a hawk every morning on his way to work and that's his higher power. ..The book even mentions on page 75:."We feel we are on the Broad Highway walking hand in hand with the Spirit of the Universe." ..They say it so many different ways. If someone is struggling they're not practicing the program or the principles. ..Like it says when they read How It Works: "We BEG of you to be fearless and thorough from the very start." ..No worries. Like it's read at the beginning of every AA meeting the preamble says: Our PRIMARY purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics achieve sobriety."..Go to meetings and take some. Go to meetings and give some..50% take - 50% give = 100% sobriety. ..I hope you never drink again. :)
Well this looks like a good start. Just a quick note about age and AA. Look around you and substract sobriety time from actual age. You will realize that a lot of people entered AA fairly early. In my case I am 55 but attended my first meeting at 22. Just took me a hell of a long time to get it. Hopefully you will be more clever than I was...
