-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17w45l/one_week/

Today marks seven days since I had a drink (waiting for my badge to update!).  I'm fortunate that my withdrawal was pretty mild but I've been reading up and understand that each attempt is drastically worse...It's been going really well so far.  I've gone to four AA meetings and have been reading the book.  Not sure if I'll do the steps/get a sponsor but it's been nice having structure around my sobriety.  At the meeting I went to today the host was saying that it took him about three years to start doing the steps so I guess there's no need to jump in...I swear the day I went to the AA meeting I was just going to 'check it out'... but when they asked if anyone was in their first 24 hours I couldn't help but stand up and take a chip.  Taking it I thought to myself 'Well I guess it starts today!' and here I am...The biggest thing for me right now is acknowledging the alcoholism aspect of my brain/constitution accepting that not everyone experiences this (a lot of my friends can either drink in moderation or are struggling with alcohol use in their own ways) and thinking about my past experiences and understanding what a negative role booze played in them.  So many experiences in my life just ruined or forgotten by drink...I've been telling a few people I'm quitting for 28 days (and a few people that I've identified as an alcoholic) but in my heart I know it has to be a full lifelong commitment.  ..I'm a pretty strong person in most respects and my alcoholism doesn't have to reflect on my character in any way.  I also know that for some people the first burst of sobriety is deceptively easy and that I need to keep working on my resolve...Outside of AA this subreddit has been the biggest help by FAR.  It's ridiculous how nice people can be on reddit once you get off the main page.  ;)  Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

One week already? ;). Way to go.  I also really like smartrecovery.org.  The support forums there are great too.
Way to go katanapdx!
Congrats!!!! It feels good to be at 7 days doesn't it? I have been to 3 meetings.. I'm working the steps in at my own pace and I'm not sure if I'll get a sponsor but let me tell you... I'm in Chapter 6 of the BB and I'm learning a whole lot about the psychological aspect of alcoholism how we got to where we are... and that there is a solution. ..In the few moments I've felt I wanted a drink.. I've picked up that book and read more.. and I've come to this subreddit aside from going to meetings. I too love this subreddit. ..I often find it amazing yet sad that many of us have such similar stories and pasts with alcohol. It's incredibly beautiful and brave that we have all come here to share our stories and have the desire to change our lives for the better...Like they tell us take one day at a time. I haven't set myself a goal.. I'm just taking it one day at a time and making the choice to not drink. .. 
