-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17yggb/one_week_today/

I've never posted in any of these subreddits before but I've found reading /r/stopdrinking more helpful than anything else I've come across on the web so thanks for the other people with insightful concise posts. /r/leaves to some extent too but here I've really found a little peace of mind....I almost died and finally forced myself to acknowledge I'm not just an accasional abuser/problem drinker but a full-blown alcoholic and addict. I'm in my early 20s and last week I took muscle relaxers and ambien and well I went crazy. Oddly enough like everything else I could have gotten away with it passed off as just a night I got really drunk. Amazing that no one noticed....Because what happened is after I took the ambien last thing I remember is thinking it'd be a good idea not to get a drink but to make multiple mixed drinks all at once. I grabbed a beer I mixed vodka and sprite I made a coffee-liquor/nutella/whipped cream concoction and since there was V8 in the fridge even made a bloody mary with a pickle in it. I took these all to my room and remember downing them one after the other even though the tastes obviously didn't mix very well....I don't remember really anything after that but later I guess I thought it would be a good idea to go for a run. I'm in the north part of the midwest and just lucky it was between 35-40 degrees that night. Two days later it was snowing and 4 degrees. I ran to these woods about 6 miles there and back and apparently came back muddy and covered in burrs....At any point I could have died that night. If I didn't have a full meal before I took pills and started drinking if I had gotten hit by a car if I didn't vomit as purfusely as I did I could have easily gotten alcohol poison. Could have easily asphixiated. I slept for 30 hours straight and I'm lucky to be alive. I don't remember leaving the house running or getting back and showering....I'm thankful to be alive and am now in a treatment program. As a young clean-cut person who has even been teased for nursing his beer (because of course I prefer to chug drinks alone rather than drink with people) it's been so easy to get away with being a semi-functional alcohol addict and never appear otherwise. I'm done trying to convince myself otherwise. My addictions have cost me a fiance and have almost taken my life....So thanks guys for this subreddit and thanks for listening to my long-winded story....Good luck everyone with your own struggles. I constantly think about wanting a drink because I've been good (someone else's posting here really helped me out with that pointing out how it's false thinking you're SUPPOSED to be good) and am reminded of a scene from *The West Wing*. Leo Maggary the Chief of Staff for the president becomes scandalized when the public finds out he has a pill problem and drinking problem. The girl who outed him is asking him in private why he can't just have a drink when he wants and he explains the disease saying "I don't want a drink. I want ten drinks. How could anyone feel this good and not want to make it last forever."...I try to keep that idea in mind and remember I'll never just want to treat alcohol or drugs like a normal person and I have the brain of an addict. Life can still be good and I'm not missing out on anything; I just need to live life the way I can stay alive....Thanks again. I'll stop there. Happy to be alive and hope a week turns into a month turns into a year turns into a life.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I try to keep that idea in mind and remember I'll never just want to treat alcohol or drugs like a normal person and I have the brain of an addict. Life can still be good and I'm not missing out on anything; I just need to live life the way I can stay alive...That was great.  Not only are we not missing out.  We're actually enjoying to the fullest.  When i think of all the weekends I've spent hungover when I could've been out hiking biking and just generally living it up it makes me sick.  I'm glad I've figured it out in my later 20's and I still have plenty of life left in me.  Sounds like you've figured it out as well.  Don't forget.  Stay with it!
I had a few "can't remember what I did last night and where did this bruise come from?" experiences too.  Frightening. Checking the car...did it move? One morning my ankle was all messed up and I had no idea how.  I was a mess.  But that made me stop. .It gets so much better.  You will look forward to going to bed! You have so many good experiences ahead. The first few weeks are weird; you keep comparing your now to your then.  And then you realize you're not doing that anymore and are just Living. It just takes time and patience. Good luck. 
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing your story.  It does indeed sound like you're lucky to be alive.  
