-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17ym0i/giving_this_a_shot/

I had done some rampage drinking during college but it never really manifested itself as a problem. Not until I got hooked on painkillers. My grandmother who lived with us passed away. She had had cancer--though she didn't die of it--and because she was in her 90s all the doctors could do was give her pain meds. When she passed I stole them. There were tons of them. Took me a little over a year to burn through that supply. ..I knew I had a problem by the end of it. Pulling directly from the scene on Lost where Locke gives Charlie the option of quitting himself or quitting because he ran out I destroyed the last of the stash and suffered a pretty decent withdraw. I never picked up pain meds again. Probably due more to the fact that they aren't as readily available. Drinking on the other hand... It's like I traded one addiction for another. ..I'm a lone drinker. I sit at home after work and down one of those big bottles of wine. I thought drinking was only a problem if you drank all day. I don't think that anymore. I finally got a good job and I struggle everyday to wake up and do my routine. On top of that I run a website with a couple of friends and have been slacking off on my posts "because I can't find the time." I find the time to drink though...There was a quote I saw on Reddit the other day... "The trouble is you think have time." It was attributed to the Buddha. A blunt instrument that quote. It has haunted me good this week...I don't want anything to control me. I want the reigns. I'm a doughy habitually single alcoholic and I am going to give sobriety a shot.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Congrats on the self-awareness to recognize a problem and the desire to change. Time to get active in your recovery. The best advice I can give you is to seek out other sober alcoholics who have found a way to live life on life's terms without the booze. People who drank like you felt like you and still found a way to put it down and rebuild a new way of living sober. ..The best place I've found to find these people is in the halls of AA. ..Good luck. Get active ask for help and stay open honest and willing. It's going to take a lot of work to change the person who decided to put down the drink into someone who no longer wants to pick one back up even when things get rough. 
I was a solitary drinker the last few years and I am so grateful to not be living that way any more. I'm too solitary still but I'm learning how to cope with life instead of brooding over that damn bottle feeling sorry for myself. ..So I think you are making the right call! Welcome I got a lot of help here and I hope you do too.
This was a great post to read and you seem very self-aware--don't lose sight of that. Welcome to the team. Good luck and congratulations. :)
&gt;On top of that I run a website with a couple of friends and have been slacking off on my posts "because I can't find the time."..One phrase that sticks with me is "Replace 'I don't have time' with 'That's not important to me/that's not a priority in my life'."  Reframing that way has really shown me how much fucking off I've done...What are you planning on doing to get/stay fit?  Any particular activities?
&gt;I find the time to drink though...Completely relate to this. It was having a hobby with friends that started to slip away that made me realize that my priorities were all wrong. I thought "i'll write some posts"- crack a six pack of beers or more and then realize I hadn't done anything but empty a lot of cans or bottles. ..So hopefully you see a growth in your website/project! Welcome back to control.
Good post! Keep at it!
Okay first thing's first: You need a plan. "Giving this a shot" won't cut it. It's too big a part of your life. How about you don't give it a shot and instead commit to 90 days? Three months.That's it. Do not have a single sip of alcohol for three months and after that time see how you feel. If you don't like it you can always go back to being a doughy habitually single alcoholic. Tell yourself "three months". Write it down. Tell your friends. Put an "x" on a calender. You're not having a drink for three months. ..Now what are you going to do for those three months? Trust me you will ***need*** something to fill your time because you're going to have a lot more of it. Many people fill part of their time with AA so consider that. What you don't want is to be halfheartedly committed to giving this a shot until Thursday night rolls around and you have nothing to do but not drink. Books video games swimming racquetball cooking movies. Anything really. ..I was much like you 97 days ago. I was doughy and I drank waaaaaay too much (like you never all day). I had major problems at work not because I wasn't capable but I was just too fucking tired. I never had the time for anything and I attributed this to being "busy". Truth is I allotted way too many hours to drinking and biologically purging the poison from my body. You simply cannot run at full capacity with a hangover. ..Since I stopped holy fuck. Less than 100 days and I'm not doughy anymore. Not at all. I hit the gym every single day. I read the sidebar at /r/fitness and started eating like an adult (no more drunk/hungover "reward" meals). The fat is melting off and the muscle is coming through. I never had the "time" for this before. What hogwash! ..I can also get up early in the morning which was "impossible" before. Again hogwash. It's much easier when you don't lull yourself to sleep with seven beer. ..I have weekends back. Saturday and Sunday used to be reserved for lying down and regretting the previous night. Now I actually do things. My place is perpetually clean I always have food in the fridge and for the first time in years I am up to date on all my obligations. ..This time was different. I wasn't giving not drinking a shot. I was stopping for 30 days. After 30 days my life had improved so drastically that I *had* to keep going. So I committed to 90. After 90 there's no way I can ever go back not when it's this good. ..Not drinking is not hard. However you do have to steel yourself and make a commitment. Take it one day at a time if you have to. An hour at a time. Take very good care of yourself and don't get too hungry angry lonely or tired. Come here often and read other people's journeys. Most importantly don't give it a shot: Do it. 
