-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/186s77/i_need_to_have_my_badge_reset/

I am very disappointed in myself. After all I went through to get sober the medical help and therapy.....I got too cocky I was warned that relapse is generally expected with addiction but I was sure that wouldn't be me. ..I can't drink. Not even one. ..That's how it started back up. Just one. I haven't been coming on this subreddit since the beginning of this year. I had one beer with an old friend. Then I had another beer about a week later. A couple days after I had a couple pints at the bar. ..Moderation seems to be working nicely right? Wrong...I'm back where I started. Nursing a hangover through all of my lectures getting a pint of cheap liquor the minute I'm out of class. ..I got too cocky and I thought I could handle it but it's frightening how easy it was to start up again. ..My friends acted differently around me when I was sober they didn't call as often. When I dropped the suggestion of grabbing a beer to my friend his face lit up like a little kid on Christmas. They knew I went to detox they knew I was counting my days...I know I can't place responsibility on them because it is my fault but I just feel like I would be concerned if a friend broke their sobriety. ..Anyways not necessarily looking for advice or anything I guess it just feels good to get this out. I've done this before and all I can do is learn from this mistake and do my best to come out on top. I will graduate this year but I know if I keep drinking I probably won't or I won't get the grades I'm actually capable of... If you took the time to read thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

An alcoholic's ego can be their worst enemy  and their honesty their best friend. I know you didn't necessarily come for advice  and I admire your courage and honesty  but never forget to practice humility.  It is only with humility that we can succeed.  To know we are prone to relapse at the drop of a hat requires vigilance  humility and honesty of ourselves. Non of us is infallible  but all possess the potential to see ourselves in our moment of trial and take a step back when needed.  I wish you steadfast resolve  and I believe you have it in you to succeed. 
I know I'm not very far along myself but I keep telling myself I'm committed to be someone totally different.  Not that my personality will change but that I'm willing to give up friends who only want to drink with me.  It seems dangerous to keep friends close when they excited about you going for a drink instead of you doing something great for yourself.  Anyways good luck.  If you got to day 138 once then I'm sure you can get there again.
I did literally the same exact thing. Detox counseling put about 30 days together got cocky tried some expensive scotch "just for the taste" drinking around the clock within a week. ..It was after those two weeks of drinking against my will that I finally went to AA -for myself- introduced myself as an alcoholic got my hand up asked for help got the phone number of a sober alcoholic with a few years sobriety and started calling them. I've been sober since and that's not a coincidence. I finally admitted I couldn't do it on my own even with all the knowledge in the world i picked up in detox/counseling. I reached out to someone for help. I urge you to do the same. 
[deleted]
Hey man just see what you learned and move on.  When I first started rehab I decided I was going to be a star student.  I was going to be the best at recovery just like I was the best student in high school...I've relapsed probably 8 times since then.  ..I also take comfort in the stories of people who say things like "I've been in this program for 30 years and I have 12 years of sobriety" things like that.  Lots of people try for years and years and years.  But the good news is while they're trying they still drink less...Stay willing bro!  That's all you need.
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing. I've tried every possible way to drink but it always leads me back out of control eventually 
&gt;but it's frightening how easy it was to start up again..Thanks for sharing this. We hear it all the time but it still bears repeating. ..The good news is that you *know* you can do it. You know you can quit because you did it. You learned something and you can move forward from there. ..Which was better? The time you were sober or the time you were drinking recently? Which one had a net benefit on your life? Which one made your life worse? 
Every time I started back up (this is my 3rd go-around) it never felt "the same". Nothing to be ashamed of at the very least you gained a little more knowledge about yourself and the drug itself also.
Get back after it! Shit happens lesson learned. Good on you for wanting to work on your sobriety. 
I had to start over two days ago. This what I discovered:..When Sober: .+I weighed about 185 lbs.+I ran  ~5 times a week.+Cooked my own meals.+Very proactive at work.+I got along with people easier.+More confident in myself.+Found myself more interested in the world. It's like looking up for the first time in a while..+I was healthy and felt bad for fatties at wal-mart and liquor stores.-The annoying desire for alcohol.-I didn't enjoy Netflix as much...My two weeks of drinking:.-Weigh 192 pounds - yes gained 7 pounds in 2 weeks.-Eat fast food every day -- too tired/lazy..-Don't run at all.-Felt mad at myself and getting really annoyed by other people. The quote goes "If you see an asshole in the morning you've seen an asshole. If you see assholes all day you're the asshole".-Always tired excepy night time (while drinking).-Behind on work and almost completely lost motivation.+The annoying voice of hating myself was gone.+I enjoyed netflix a little more while drunk..I'll take 24 hours of happiness over 3 hours of pseudo happiness please.
Hang in there brother.  Life is better sober for us alcoholics.  
A group of sober friends is your best support system. You aren't going to find this among your drinking buddies or at the bar. Don't you see how sad it is that your so-called "friends" weren't very supportive? I know you do. ..It **is** sad ending your love affair with alcohol and finding out people you thought were friends aren't. I cried a lot over this. But a sober lifestyle is not possible without changing your usual crowd. Sorry. ..Glad you're back. One day at a time!
If there was a way of drinking moderately I would have found it.  I spent a long time trying to find it and it nearly killed me.  The day I gave that up was the day I started living.  Good luck on your journey and welcome back.
Thanks for reminding us how easy it is to go back. By sharing you have helped many from a slip. Get back after it and live in the solution. Good luck.
I'm only two days in so I don't feel I'm much in the position for advice. I will say this though: If there is one thing I remember about my longest period of sobriety that didn't feel awesome it was the loneliness. I work in a bar. Pretty much all my friends are alcoholics. The only way we really hung out was to always involve booze some way. When I quit drinking (I lasted 90 days) the saddest thing was how much everyone tried to tell me I was overreacting. Instead of my nearest and dearest being happy I wanted to stop being self-destructive they couldn't support me because that would mean they had to admit they had a problem too. Or the other end of the spectrum people who can go out and have three beers and not seven beers and six shots of whiskey and can't understand why you are being so weird about it. I got called boring. Dramatic. I remember one night in particular. I had just started up again and I finally went out with this girl who had been calling me every day to go have drinks (even though she knew I was trying to be sober). I realize I'm getting to the point of being blackout drunk and luckily I text my best friend/roommate to join me. She saved my ass that night. By the time she got there I was black out drunk but still going at it. I was sitting at the bar with this guy I only kind of knew and I was so out of it I didn't even realize he had his hand up my shirt. Not too drunk to care too drunk to even realize. I got up to go to the ATM to pay my tab and apparently he was following me around and trying to get me to do more shots. The whole time this is happening the girl I went out with originally was telling everyone "See? She is so much more fun this way! Isn't she awesome like this?" (I was told later) My best friend who is the most awesome person I know yanked him off me and got me home safely. Dude that was copping a free feel got my number from my friend and called me five times asking to come over. I later found out he is a convicted child molester. So yeah. I'm sorry for this wall of text and I did not intend to hijack your story. Really I wanted to say thank you for reminding me with your story of your friend what I am going to do differently this time. I'm going to build a network of trusted folks who understand. It is going to be hard to realize that maybe I don't have as many friends as I think I do and it is going to be obnoxious to hear about how boring I am now but maybe my new friends will want to do something way more exciting than grab a pint and a shot. Thanks for sharing. Thanks for the reminder. Sorry for over-sharing in return : )
This disease sucks.  It tricks you into thinking you don't have it.
Don't beat yourself up (from experience it only makes matters worse) hey you relapsed all that matters is you climbed back on the horse and you're ready to ride soberity once again! Stay strong and always remember we are only human we arnt perfect.
