-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/186vyn/well_heres_to_day_1/

Well today is the first day I am going to be sober.  My name is Eric I live in VA and I am an alcoholic.  I am not going to hide behind a toss away account this is me.  And being an alcoholic is me as much as anything else. ..I am not going to care what people think if I tell them I am an alcoholic. They can think whatever that want about it. I mean how can I expect someone to understand it unless they are one too.  So they can say or think whatever they want about me like Did you know he's an alcoholic?  Oh well. ..But I will tell you this. Starting today they won't say. "Remember that guy Eric who had it all and just drank it away?"  That's what they WON'T be fucking saying.  ..Good luck to all those out there in the struggle. Today I am choosing to leave that struggle.  And no it's not some speical day like I always tell myself I'll quit on My B-day wife's B Day anniversary friends weddings   new years. Because life isn't a movie and it's not going to happen in some magical way. You just go to out there and do it. ...Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It's reddit they're all throw away accounts.
I think you're gettin' it Eric.  This is the right attitude.  It took me years to decide this was going to be me as well.  One week in and I know I'm in a good place because I have this same attitude about recovery and I'm feeling great.  Now get out there and get some help in whichever form you feel right about.  Don't try to do it alone.
Maybe you've heard this one already:.."It sure wasn't a secret what I was while I was out there drinking and running and gunning!  Why should it be a secret now?"..But anyway - glad you are here sending you all the best.  And like someone said here - You are not alone!..EDIT conjunction
Right on brother. Awesome choice. That's a powerful word... choice... Just remember it. No one but you can choose whether or not to drink. Your life is going to immensely improve. "You just go out there and do it." Good luck and here's to day 1. 
I'm using a throwaway account and will only tell people in time. Very few people know outside of a few members of my family and other alcoholics I've known for years. I'm on day 3. Be smart with your detox. See your doctor or go inpatient. I went to my doctor was totally honest and was rx'd simple anxiety meds a printout on what to expect and how to stay safe and when to get emergency help. Detox can be very scary and dangerous but continuing to drink is ever more horrifying. That was my reasoning to quit. Stay strong brother. Start with the little goals they've been helping me out. 'I don't need to drink this minute this hour this afternoon today.' Start with one and just keep going up as you get more comfortable with yourself. Oh and AA. I'll be going to another meeting today. Free therapy is always great.
I can say that your day is harder than my day. Stay strong brother.
You're going to remember this day for the rest of your life. And one year from now you will thank yourself for having started today. Be strong Eric.
[deleted]
That's awesome!  You seem really committed!  I wish I had 1/2 the confidence you have when I accepted that I was an alcoholic.   Luckily it's growing in me.  ..Welcome!
Awesome attitude I love it. 
[deleted]
You can do it! :)
I'm glad you posted this Eric. I have created a throwaway account my first ever. I have just had a midday drink or 3 and am on the cusp of saying tomorrow will be my first day sober. I have had many first days - sometimes lasting 5 or 6 days even. A few years ago I even did a whole month with only one sly drink in there. Your last line - it won't happen in some magical way just do it - rang very true for me...I am a very successful professional got it all together wife mum friend daughter. My life is all good. That said I have struggled with depression all my life and now in my 40's I have it under manageable control - with good lifestyle management (diet exercise sleep stress management) and a keen awareness of my triggers. I have excellent support from my husband...But I drink way too much - a bottle or more of wine every night. At 2 glasses I am tipsy so at 5 or 6 this is a real problem I have known about forever. I don't go out drinking; none of my colleages or friends or family would know I have this problem. In fact at work drinks or family dinners I will have one drink with no problems - knowing I will then come home and have a bottle...I have known I am an alcoholic for the past year or so. Reading this sub has clarified that for me. I can't have a healthy relationship with alcohol. I can't have one or two glasses. I have to finish the bottle and open another if it is there. Even if it is white wine and it is not cold. Even if it is beer and I hate beer. Even if I have DECIDED to give up alcohol...I have raised this with my GP recently and I think she nodded and thought I was being overly dramatic - not really an alcoholic more just using alcohol as a crutch during a period of depression...Well I know I have to do something about this and I thank you for being honest and posting your story. I'll be thinking of you. 
