-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/189ruw/new_account_but_im_here_to_stay_this_time_day_6/

So I've been drinking excessively for the past two years or so largely secondary to school where much of last year was spent in my apartment studying all day everyday. During the last year I spent much of that time morning and night drowning my misery with liquor. It peaked in June when my long-time girlfriend ending things certainly in part at least due to the drinking although I'm not sure she knew the extent of it at the time (it was how it changed me and how I behaved in our relationship that did it). ..Since then as I've been working it has toned down a bit by necessity of being sober during the day (never drunk at work but often hungover). But it wasn't getting any better. I noticed that I needed it to get me motivated to do anything. I tried a number of times to quit but I think I only hit about 5-6 days at most. That's all I could do. It didn't help that many of my weekends were spent drinking literally the whole time again morning and night with my friends. I was still out of control just highly functioning overall--still doing okay in school though my performance declined and getting by at work...So anyway this past month and a half I've had a particularly difficult time working up to 80-90 hours a week one day off and was coming home and using my few hours alone to just drink the day's misery away. I also kept stealing my roommate's alcohol and having to replace it discreetly (probably not so much that) by buying expensive bottles multiple times per week...As you can tell I haven't had a particularly tough course as compared to many of you all but I guess I have finally reached a tipping point where my life has eroded away and all I have now is work/school and my habit. So starting Tuesday I decided to just stop. And it has actually gone pretty well overall. I don't feel great--I'm still too exhausted from work--and I'm having trouble keeping myself focused and away from the bottle. But I am happy with my decision. I'm extremely worried about my upcoming exams in the next couple of weeks but at least my studies are being done without extra motivation. I'm remembering what I read. I'm not very motivated I'm struggling to get anything done and I may do poorly in the coming weeks. But I am doing it the right way and I want to recraft my life even if I hit a few road blocks along the way. I desperately want to regain a real "life"--friends a good relationship with my family etc. things I haven't had for awhile now...Anyway this was a quick perhaps poorly-written and flow-of-thought post but I feel like I needed to get a little bit of it off my chest. I want to write up my experience sometime later in a more thorough manner when I have less on my plate. But any kind words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Just keep doing what you're doing until it starts to get better.  And don't forget there are places you can go to talk with others in the same situation.  It helps.  This is what I've been doing for a few days and it seems to be working for me.
Consider these kind words of encouragement! Welcome! My badge looks pretty damn pathetic I just got here. I had my last drink Thursday night. I have been active here Friday Saturday and today. It has helped more than I would have thought possible. My words probably won't carry any weight until I can get some numbers under my belt but I am here all the time and available for talking. It is odd how even just a few short sentences and words of encouragement from internet strangers has helped me immensely in the past few days. I am looking to offer back what I am receiving. 
Thanks for your post. I can relate a life that is only work and then heavy boozing. I often found that "I had such a long day I need to unwind" is my favorite excuse to hit the bottle. My "bottom" was similar to yours as well it seems -- I just realized what a shitty existence I had...Good luck with your studies. I would suggest you plan something fun to do after your exam as it will strengthen your resolve against "celebratory drinking." ..Thanks again for your post its nice to know we're not alone!
&gt;I'm extremely worried about my upcoming exams in the next couple of weeks..Quiz time: What will *for sure* ***not*** help you in your upcoming exams? 
