-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18elqs/so_thirsty/

I have 49 days and that's the longest I've had in years without either alcohol or weed. Nothing bad happened today and I wasn't triggered by anything except the fact that my girlfriend won't be home for 4 hours and I could. But I got home an hour ago and didn't stop at the liquor store on the way home so there's hope right? These last few days have really been a struggle especially with the blizzard keeping me away from meetings. I don't want to lose the time I've put together. But FUCK I want to drink right now.
----------immediate responses--------

49 days is a long time.  Congratulations for getting this far.  As I've seen others suggest play it forward.  Where do you see it ending up if you do drink?  For me it would not be a pretty place.  If you're here likely the same can be said for you...Try to find something to get your mind off of it.  Video games reading exercise sex meetings movies water tea coffee something.  Anything...If you haven't already I recommend reading Allen Carr's book (linked to the right).  It helped me change my mindset about drinking altogether.  Maybe it can help you.
Yeah man drinking sucks it's never as good as you remember it. ..And think what do you gain from drinking now? If it helps don't drink for all the other people here. Show them you can stay strong. 
Yeah. If I play it forward the best case scenario is that I have a good hour maybe 2 where I reach the oblivion I'm looking for. But then the world will come crashing back and I'll be really upset with myself. I'll lose the progress I made and it'll only be harder to resist temptation in the future because I slipped this time. And that book is super cheap on Amazon. I just ordered a copy of it thanks. :)
If you have any phone numbers of people from the meetings maybe you should call one of them and tell them what you have told us.  Saving that ring the AA hotline in you area.  Your doing well my friend.  I bet your girlfriend is looking forward to see a sober you.  Good luck
