-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18fc1k/intro_dr_jekyll_and_mr_hyde/

I thought I would introduce myself to you all fine folks... For the last 16 years I have swung back and forth between Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (for those of you familiar with the story)...My drinking has accelerated throughout my adult life. I've gone as long as 17 months without drinking which scares the hell out of me. When I've gone back to it in the past it feels as if there was little thought to it. I just picked up and did it...Last November I got the D.T.'s for the first time. My hands shook uncontrollably for days. Now they just sort of shake all the time... not uncontrollably... but it's definitely not normal...I saw a doctor that said "Well drinking once a month is much better than drinking once a week." Seriously? He obviously doesn't know the damage that "once a month" can do. I've wrecked cars marriages jobs relationships ended up in jail etc... all in "one night."..I'm in A.A. but have a hard time with the drunks sitting around saying it's "God" who keeps them sober and then spending an hour talking about all of the "tips and tricks" that keep them sober. Is it God or is it meetings or remembering your pain? It doesn't make sense...But addiction doesn't either. Just as Dr. Jekyll is an upstanding businessman who slowly yields his life to Mr. Hyde against his will so am I giving my life to alcohol. I'm hoping for another 17 month run at sobriety followed by another 17 months and then another 17 months. Drinking is ruining everything but logic has little effect on my addiction...Looking forward to learning more about all of you and I'm glad you all are here. I like to remember what this disease does. I like to see the beauty of sobriety touted. I like to see I'm not alone in my struggle...How did I get here? I don't know. But I'm glad to be here...-barry
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Glad you're here. Sounds like you've paid the price for admission and then some...Who's to say that tips and tricks for getting sober don't come from god? I'm not saying they do but I also can't say that they don't. They're free so clearly they're not from the private sector...Jeckyll and Hyde is a pretty good summation of what my magical potion did for me too. IIRC the book of AA makes the same comparison...Make yourself at home and check out the chat as well - it's a great place to taste the rainbow of sobriety and its ken. Take care of yourself. My best.
Sounds like you want to start living your life. That's step one! ..You obviously know that drinking life is terrible and that not-drinking life is not. So you don't need an epiphany because you're already there...You also have 19 days. That's huge! You've also been there before so you know you can do it. ..In short I'm not worried about you. I know you can do it. You know you can do it. All you have to do is actually do it.  
[deleted]
&gt;I'm in A.A. but have a hard time with the drunks sitting around saying it's "God" who keeps them sober and then spending an hour talking about all of the "tips and tricks" that keep them sober. Is it God or is it meetings or remembering your pain? It doesn't make sense...Keep going back to those meetings. You tried drinking and that did not work then what harm will it do to try something different in your life. Did it make sense to drink a lot? When those "drunks" go into those rooms they had reached a point they were faced with 2 options death or AA(rehab). For a long time I kept thinking AA was all so foolish but that thought led me to dozens of relapses some to within an inch of death.
