-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18mkh5/how_many_times_have_i_not_drank/

...in the past 323 days? I drank about 4 times a week before I quit so you would think the answer would fall somewhere around 184...But it doesn't. If you asked me how many times I didn't drink the first two weeks the answer was really high. I might've not drank 184 times just in those two weeks alone. But a few weeks later I was only not drinking a few times a week. And then about once a week...Nowadays I don't drink about twice a month...It's hard to gauge your progress on such a thing as Total Abstinence and it's tempting to feel like you're not making any progress when like me you still stumble upon the occasional craving. Three hundred plus days I'm dry and still the other night I was feeling ready to pick up...My new job is very pro-alcohol and I was feeling alone and weak. I was growing weary of so many events involving free unlimited alcohol. And then one night I went downstairs for my once-a-week after-work yoga class and it'd been canceled... to make room for yet another FREE UNLIMITED ALCOHOL event...I was feeling it hard that night. I turned around and left immediately but I felt cheated and overwhelmed. And the fact that it hit me so hard and I could still be so vulnerable to a craving after all this time made me feel even worse. But I didn't cave and a couple days later I found myself in a restaurant with my boss my boss's boss and a couple of other key people at my company. I ordered a tonic water and they... all ordered nonalcoholic drinks right after me. Suddenly I was relieved to not be drinking and I didn't feel so alone. The old me would've been the only one drinking at that table feeling weird about it and probably getting obnoxious in front of some people I definitely did not want to get obnoxious in front of...I still struggle sometimes but things are always getting better. How often do you find yourself not drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

This was a great read.  Makes a lot of sense and very relatable for me. I'm new to sobriety but I've found my 'not drinking' to have died down a bit - the first few days was very enthusiastic and I didn't have any problems.  Since then I've had a few conscious 'not drinking' moments per day...now seems to be a few days a week.  I think until I get a better way to cope with stresses etc...that might continue.  But its better than being drunk and sad...I liked what you said about your work pressures - I especially think about the times where I'd be the only one drinking at just about anything and when 'unlimited free alcohol' was awesome - Although first I'd have to latch onto anyone who shared my enthusiasm so it wasn't weird... but then I stopped caring about that too.  I feel ~~silly~~ ashamed thinking back at how ridiculous i must have looked ordering not just a glass of wine but a *bottle* for myself at lunch... or numerous jack and cokes while everyone was just drinking water. Or dinner dates with my wife ordering a couple of bottles of wine and swapping glasses with her so it looked like we were both drinking when in fact it was just me (she doesn't drink at all). I feel so bad thinking about how uncomfortable/awkward that must have made some people feel. Looking forward to not being like that anymore hoping in time people will forget those behaviors and stop remembering me as the crazy drinker.  I traded a reputation of smarts and hard work ethic for one of buffoonery. Crawling out of the hole I dug is taking some time but worth it...Thanks again for your post!
What a great way of looking at it.  I didn't drink about a bajillion times in those first few weeks. 
Thanks for your story. I enjoyed the part where a couple of days after feeling shit about drinking you were back to feeling empowered. It's an important reminder that no matter how shit things might feel at the time it's still important to not drink. Sooner or later our moods will pick up and we'll be so glad to still be sober...I hear you about feeling relieved when you make a choice not to drink and people around you choose not to drink as well. Sometimes being sober really isn't that big a deal - it's a normal thing to do.
Excellent post. Thank you!
When I am at home it is easier. During the day it is easier. I was never an at home day drinker. I get a lot of texts at night inviting me out and I've just been replying right away with a no so that it is not something I sit around thinking about. I remind myself I really only have one choice to worry about that first drink. ..Going to work is a little harder as I am a bartender who is used to doing shots with coworkers and being bought shots from customers. I find myself saying no ten times a night. I feel twinges miss the looseness the warm feeling in my stomach after a shot of whiskey...until the night wears on and I watch people say silly and stupid shit lose control of their motor functions sacrifice their tomorrow for tonight. It might be tempting every shift I show up but by holding strong it has also been a lesson and a reminder every time I leave...Lets just say right now I think more about staying sober than I do about drinking : )
