-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18rnep/advice_for_a_newcomer_please/

Idk how i should word this all lost wife (kind of drinking related) lost house (drinking friends related) been to jail alot for public intoxication dwi and 2 times shoplifting (beer runs) court imminent. no lawyer. fuck.  Ive been forced into AA by the court i quit drinking for a week but relapsed.  The problem is i hate AA not because of what they are saying because i do know i am an alcoholic and a lot worse than most of the guys in there but the reason i began drinking was i was awkward and have a lot of anxiety disorders and now depression.  So sitting in a circle facing people in a bright room while im shaky from the last relapse all i can do is keep looking at the clock and try my best to pay as much attention as i can.  AA is great the people are friendly and relatable and sober with great advice but man this withdrawal really makes it hard for me to go in tonight.  Oh yeah if i miss this meeting my mom is calling the police saying i violated court orders and i go back to jail.  So going is a must.  Im not within seizure risk although i had one last time i quit drinking.  I dont feel nearly as bad as that.  Im just really shaky and all that. anyway ive gone on about the AA too much.  im going to go its going to suck because im withdrawaling and it will be over and since i am broke i will not relapse and tomorrows meeting will be easier i guess i dont really need advice there.  I just need support really.  This depression that began last year is crippling.  I changed so much over the last year for the negative.  I need support with that i am on Celexa 40mg a day and hydroxione as needed for anxiety.  Both sedate me.  I prolly fucked up big time by drinking for the last week on Celexa.  I just wish i could get a klonopin script so badly It takes away the withdrawal completley and would make life cake.  I know its no long term solution but of course since im honest with the doctor and say im prone to abusing drugs they wont give it to me.  (i guess i did abuse klonopin because i would take it the next day after a hangover to prevent withdrawal make it through work sober and jitter free and return home to drink)  Fuck this time i am serious it is no way to live.  I want to get my fucking life back. I want to get rid of these horrible feelings and be able to enjoy going out to eat without thinknig about ordering a drink.  I want to be active and go back to work.  I need to quit being a pussy and letting anxiety and depression and alcoholism control me.  Sorry that i rambled was kind of thinking out loud there.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

So tldr no wife no house (live with mom) no license no car or phone because they were stolen (left that part out)  And ive lost my drinking friends and my best friend alcohol.  Its fucked me over one too many times.
Just be happy you are alive...  Go to the next meeting and after find a guy who looks confident and happy and tell him your struggling and need help.  Get his number and give him a call. 
First congrats on getting this far. Secondly nice handle. I just want to let you know this will be very difficult but it can be done...It sounds like all the troubles in your life are pointing to one thing. The anxiety job trouble legal trouble depression will go away or lessen when you stop drinking. Believe me. It's the hardest easiest thing you'll do in your life. You just wish you could drink like a normal person so you could drink everyday right?..I would suggest getting into an intensive outpatient program right away if you can't afford an inpatient program.
Have you contacted the public defender's office for a lawyer?  Even if they can't/won't represent you you can ask to meet with their social worker for help with your sobriety.  If you have 2 DWIs in your life there is some federal funding available for inpatient treatment.  If you've been ordered to AA I imagine they'd accept inpatient as well.
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing.  It gets better.  AA is FULL of people who have been where you are right now and have turned their lives around...Not all AA meetings involve sitting in a circle try other meetings.
Many of us were (are) socially retarded.  They did not have diagnoses for asperbergers etc when I was growing up but I now see that is a part of who I am.  My problem with AA was twofold my mantra was "don't tell me what to do". And I had real problems being with other people..It took time. It took understanding that I was mot unique. But one day at a time my life became great..Hang in there
thank you for all the support guys.  i feel so much better today! yesterdays meeting went a lot smoother than i thought it would possibly due to it being very overcrowded and i got to sit in the back for once =p  ... i do have problems finding a higher power with AA but i just assume it is the universe or the need to live.  I substitute God with life.  And honestly even if it wouldnt kill me or get me homeless i was miserable drinking.  It made me fake and i need to face the true me who I really am im not an alpha.  And i never will be.  Not drinking anytime soon will be simple since i have no money and i refuse to do mturk until i can handle myself better.  Eventually the service season is going to start...next month and having money again will be my next hurdle and believe me that is a difficult one for me.  But going to the meetings daily should remind me that i just cant do it.  When i relapsed i was contently drunk and soooo tired from a long day i was like 8 beers in off a 24 pack.  I kept falling asleep.  I couldnt stop drinking so badly that i fucking drank coffee and did PUSHUPS to stay awake to drink more even though i was fine i just .... needed to drink too much.  And i hated it.  When i drank with ppl id be cool for the first 2 drinks then annoying as fuck afterwords.  When i drank alone which i soon preferred to avoid judgement i began talking to myself after 4 or 5 drinks.  starting off with thinking out loud with reactions to comments i read or cussing at a video game.  Then id start bitching about everything.  "of course the neighbors kid is crying brat never shuts up raised by a lunatic who puts it off on her parents" to just.... raging at everything.  I dont like it one fucking bit anymore. 
Should be noticed that the urge of relapse reared its head in a very small form.  There is a deftones concert here at myrtle beach sc on march 16th which i think is st pattys day which falls on a saturday.  And a nice looking girl who likes to drink wants to go with me.  Im saying to myself 'if i can make it sober from today until then i should reward myself by getting smashed during that concert arranging a proper ride home and then not drinking until the next event which i will set which will be months away.  I know this is not a good idea but it gives me hope. the fear of never being able to drink again is harsh.  Circumstances will probably get in the way regardless.
