-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18s772/having_a_rough_time/

I'm having the most painful temptation to drink right now. Since I made the decision to quit drinking my life has been much more manageable and I've been so much happier. I unfortunately found myself relapsing after the first 12 days. Since then I relapsed a couple more times and ended up feeling like a failure. The good news is that I got back on that horse and now I'm 15 days sober but right now I'm having very strong drinking cravings. I'm trying desperately to keep myself occupied in order to avoid going out and buying myself some wine because I know that once I have one drink I wont be able to control myself and the bottle will be gone within a couple of hours. I want to stay sober but I need some help. How do I get through the rest of this day?
----------immediate responses--------

Remember the craving will go away even if you don't give in to it.  Go to smartrecovery.org and read some of their articles on coping with urges.
Call or hang out with someone that doesn't wan't to drink.  Or an AA meeting.  Or even the chatroom here.
I had one of those days but it will go away. I just thought of all the shit that comes after drinking and I know I'm over that routine. 
Why did you make the decision to quit drinking?..Who knows that you've made this choice to improve your life?..How are you doing right now?
[deleted]
&gt;I unfortunately found myself relapsing after the first 12 days..This may sounds harsh but you didn't "find yourself relapsing". You *chose* to drink. You made a decision to put booze in your mouth. Don't offload that choice to some sort of clinical manifestation. ..Even with all of the AA SMART detox etc. it all comes down to a decision. A decision not to drink. A conscious choice to live the better life. Triggers and cravings and all that only exist in your mind. Sure they sound insurmountable but they are not. Once you get into the habit of realizing it is a personal choice the voices get quieter and quieter until it's an imperceptible whisper. All of the programs and support that exist are there for one reason: To help you with your decision. *Your decision.* ..I got into the habit of telling myself to shut up. "Maybe I can just hav.." --- *Shut up*. "Four months is a long time perhaps it's possibl..." --- *Shut up*. "Man that was a stressful day at work it would be nic..." --- *Shut up*. "It's hot out and a cold refreshing..." --*Shu* -- "glass of ice tea... withashotofvodk..." --- ***SHUT UP***. ..See drinking is just not an option for me if I want to maintain a decent quality of life. It's a no-brainer. I've told that voice to shut up so much that it now does so on its own. 
I think of two pieces of common wisdom you will find people saying on this subreddit. First I remind myself one day at a time because several at once is not an option. Trying to picture what my entire journey will look like while standing at day ten is too nerve wracking. I just think I am staying sober today. I also think of "play it forward". As in I picture myself having one beer. Then realizing I would have another. And after two I would say fuck it and have more. Then I would be drunk sorry embarrassed and depressed. Then I would wake up hungover feeling awful be even more embarrassed and depressed and have to come here and reset my badge and admit to all you lovely people what I had done. Or worse I would be too embarrassed to come back and lose the support system I had found.
