-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18tqnc/first_post_my_story_and_request/

First post here I'm a 24 year old female who recently has decided to fully commit to quitting drinking.  I developed a drinking problem when I began suffering from incessant panic attacks and eventually depression about 3 1/2 years ago.  In the past year my drinking has really taken a toll physically I went from being 5' 10'' and 125 pounds to 145 pounds.  I have always had rosacea but it has gotten so much worse in the past year (exacerbated by drinking) that a couple of months ago I went to a doctor and got prescribed a cream which has greatly reduced the problem.  Another physical toll drinking took was making my face much puffier than before.  I have never been fat even now with my drinking but between the rosacea and the puffy face I feel my physical appearance has taken and major toll.  I have struggled with trying to quit for a long time I even made a resolution last new year to not drink in 2012... that lasted about a week.  Probably the biggest problem drinking has lead me into is making an ass of myself at social events.  I get loud aggressive argumentative and have even cheated on my bf under the influence of alcohol antidepressants (which I no longer take) and klonopin or other anti-anxiety medication.  Basically I have alienated people and hugely embarrassed myself so many times while under the influence that even after I am out of the grip of alcohol dependence I will still have a lot of work to do grappling with the hit my self-esteem has taken from my own actions.  .I am pretty sure I drink because of the anxiety I still feel every day... however my anxiety has gotten noticeably better since it started and I feel my drinking is just making things worse.  I usually drink almost every night in the form of whiskey (probably 4-6 drinks) on weeknights and even more on the weekends.  I think adderall and other stimulants have played a large part in my problem as well... I am not prescribed adderall and know I do not have ADD but I love the feeling of stimulants more than any other drug and when I take them (which in the past has been pretty often since many friends have prescriptions) I would almost always find myself 'needing' to drink to combat the ill feeling of coming down.  Then the next morning I'd wake up hung over pop another adderall and the cycle continues....Another problem for me has been the mental fogginess that accompanies drinking for me.  I am prescribed klonopin and propanalol and although I do not take them as much as I am prescribed I know I have been incredibly irresponsible by drinking while on my medication... especially since klonopin has such a long half life this problem is pretty unavoidable for those with drinking problems.  .I have included photos to illustrate the physical toll of alcohol in just three years.  I definitely think I can get back to looking and feeling great I just need to keep going and be consistent.  I'm excellent at making excuses for myself but I feel with the support of this community and my boyfriend and friends I can beat the addiction.  .SO what this comes down to is does anyone have any good articles or resources highlighting the connection between anxiety/depression and drinking? I know there are a lot but I thought people on here might have some that are particularly helpful.  Also anyone with similar stories or just good advice/reading material/anything to help strengthen my resolve would be fantastic.  .Thank you for reading and for any help you can offer.  Good luck to you all.  ..Photos:.<iframe class="imgur-album" width="100%" height="550" frameborder="0" src="http://imgur.com/a/1uHRW/embed"></iframe>
----------immediate responses--------

