-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18txw6/first_post_my_story_and_a_request/

First post here I'm a 24 year old female who recently has decided to fully commit to quitting drinking. I developed a drinking problem when I began suffering from incessant panic attacks and eventually depression about 3 1/2 years ago. In the past year my drinking has really taken a toll physically I went from being 5' 10'' and 125 pounds to 145 pounds. I have always had rosacea but it has gotten so much worse in the past year (exacerbated by drinking) that a couple of months ago I went to a doctor and got prescribed a cream which has greatly reduced the problem. ..Another physical toll drinking took was making my face much puffier than before. I have never been fat even now with my drinking but between the rosacea and the puffy face I feel my physical appearance has taken and major toll. I have struggled with trying to quit for a long time I even made a resolution last new year to not drink in 2012... that lasted about a week. Probably the biggest problem drinking has lead me into is making an ass of myself at social events. I get loud aggressive argumentative and have even cheated on my bf under the influence of alcohol antidepressants (which I no longer take) and klonopin or other anti-anxiety medication. Basically I have alienated people and hugely embarrassed myself so many times while under the influence that even after I am out of the grip of alcohol dependence I will still have a lot of work to do grappling with the hit my self-esteem has taken from my own actions....I am pretty sure I drink because of the anxiety I still feel every day... however my anxiety has gotten noticeably better since it started and I feel my drinking is just making things worse. I usually drink almost every night in the form of whiskey (probably 4-6 drinks) on weeknights and even more on the weekends. I think adderall and other stimulants have played a large part in my problem as well... I am not prescribed adderall and know I do not have ADD but I love the feeling of stimulants and when I take them (which in the past has been pretty often since many friends have prescriptions) I would almost always find myself 'needing' to drink to combat the ill feeling of coming down. Then the next morning I'd wake up hung over pop another adderall and the cycle continues... ...Another problem for me has been the mental fogginess that accompanies drinking for me. I am prescribed klonopin and propanalol and although I do not take them as much as I am prescribed I know I have been incredibly irresponsible by drinking while on my medication... especially since klonopin has such a long half life this problem is pretty unavoidable for those with drinking problems (another reason I need to quit not just drink 'occasionally')....I have included photos to illustrate the physical toll of alcohol in just three years. I definitely think I can get back to looking and (more importantly) feeling great I just need to keep going and be consistent. I'm excellent at making excuses for myself but I feel with the support of this community and my boyfriend and friends I can beat the pattern of reliance....SO what this comes down to is does anyone have any good articles or resources highlighting the connection between anxiety/depression and drinking? I know there are a lot but I thought people on here might have some that are particularly helpful. Also anyone with similar stories or just good advice/reading material/anything to help strengthen my resolve would be fantastic..Thank you for reading and for any help you can offer. Good luck to you all..
----------immediate responses--------

If you go back and put two empty lines between each paragraph we would then be able to read it...Very few will bother with a wall of text like that.
Search for "Mental Health America: Dual Diagnosis". They have a good overview of co-occurring substance use and mental health issues. Basically disorders can lead to substance use substance use can lead to disorders and getting treatment for both is important. It sounds like you've tried the meds. Long term therapy is more effective. I'd recommend cognitive behavior therapy as it has the most evidence behind it. 
Hey there. I just wanted to say welcome!..I would talk to your doctor about your meds. It is gonna be a lot harder to start to feel "normal" if you are taking the wrong medication or taking it irregularly. I don't really need to say that though. You wouldn't have mentioned it if you didn't already know : )..I haven't had a full on panic attack in a long time but I still suffer from anxiety and obsessive thinking. I've found diet vitamins regular exercise and getting to bed on a schedule help more than you would imagine...When I drank I created problems for myself that sound a lot like yours. When I stopped drinking I was still left with my original problems and it can be tough to face emotions head on. I'm feeling things I thought I was over. However without the additional stress of worrying about all the crap I did drunk it is such a relief that it makes dealing with the rest a hell of a lot easier...Hope to see you around!
It is good that you have committed to stopping drinking and that it will help your anxiety too. It will help your anxiety by building up your confidence. As you decide to not drink you will keep from being ashamed and embarrassed and that will help your anxiety. Keep it up and you will feel better.
Depression and alcoholism are part of my story. I learned that drinking to treat depression is like trying to put out a fire with gasoline. ..I'm now off meds and drugs and alcohol. I am happy joyous and free. ..I am glad that you made a decision to quit drinking. That is good. And remember the following story.....Two frogs are sitting on a log. One frog decides to jump off. How many frogs on the log?..Two. The decision must be followed by action. ..For me I had to find more effective ways to deal with and work with my depression and other feelings that I had tried to blot out with drugs and alcohol. There are 12 steps that really help. They were written down by a friend of mine Bill W. another depressed alcoholic and his buddies. ..When you decide you want to advance that decision with action you can find lots of Bill's friends in AA. I'm sure they would love to help...Good luck!  
Your anxiety might spike a little as you are in your early days of not drinking.  Stick with it and I suspect it will get better.  Not a doctor just personal experience.
You hear a similar story all over this subreddit. I was one of them. ..Many of us suffered from depression/anxiety. They don't get the shit done in life they know they're supposed to get done and any free time where you should be doing those things is spent drinking or being hungover. As a consequence depression sets in and all we want to do is burrow away and ignore our failures. However we can only do that for so long. There is always a time when indolence is brought to the surface and we must confront the fact that we are not doing what we need to do to be happy. This is stressful. We then start to think about all the *other* things we are not doing and this stresses us out even more. That is anxiety. Time for a drink nay?..The killer is that we have been drinking so long that it's hard to separate it from our life and it's hard to see exactly how much drinking itself contributes to anxiety and depression. Since I cut it out all of my erstwhile disastrous problems became much more manageable. In short I took away the biggest stressor in my life and BOOM. ..I'm not a doctor but you should talk to one about a full detox. No nothing just healthy living. Get loads of exercise rest and good food. See how you feel. If you're like lots of us you'll find that you're not as "sick" as you thought you were. 
Good luck! I hope you seek a doctors help for the med control...I might get flack for this but you might find you are abusing or being negatively affected by some of your meds too. I say this because I know adderall makes me react funny to alcohol. Once you get on a steady meds regiment and therapy you might find that your entire relationship to life changes.
Hey there welcome to stop drinking we are happy to have you. First off I am sure you're beautiful and you should tell yourself that everyday. ..I have add and prescribed aderall so I can relate. I think all of us here have some sort of anixtey issues but drinking amplies it. Also remember drinking is a great sedative so you may have normal anixtey but you are just not used to feeling it. ..But we are here for you if you need us message is anytime it helps me. And if it gets real bad out there pull this reddit up on your phone. I did it yesterday and it worked great. ..~Eric 
