-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18uoe8/my_father_started_drinking_again/

Hi there I'm not sure if this is the right place to post or if this is inappropriate. I thought I would give it a try because I need some advice. My father started drinking again but he doesn't know I know. I know because he hides empty bottles and half empty bottles of alcohol around. He has been in AA for around 10 years but has relapsed once in 2007 to 2008. All of his friends are from AA and all of them are very good friends of the family and supportive. He just recently got his 4 year chip. His drinking has affected me in quite a negative way. As an 18 year old I can't see anyone drunk at all without bursting into tears. His alcoholism has torn our family apart so many times. Well since he doesn't know I know hes drinking I was wondering what the best way of dealing with him again. I don't know when he started. I only found some bottles yesterday. I have noticed he has been acting strange lately though more intoxicated then usual (Take lots of meds). Im afraid hes going to progress but he won't be as into it if hes trying to hide it. Thats not really logical though I guess. Ok Thank You!  
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Have you ever been to an Al Anon meeting? I would encourage you to find one and seek the support you need right now from one of those groups. ..Ah I just googled and there is even [AlaTeen](http://al-anon.alateen.org/for-alateen) for teenagers with an alcoholic in their family. 
I don't have any advice.  I just wanted to say I am sorry you are going through this.  Have you discussed this with your mother?
What the others have said about Al Anon is correct it will help you deal with him greatly...What I wanted to say is that he is going to progress. When we relapse it may take varying times but biology has its hold and he will return to where he was even trying to moderate and hide it...Ask the people at Al Anon for advice on this I have none to offer. I am the problem in my situation but I have seen how Al Anon has helped those close to me deal with me.
