-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18vjj3/being_high_on_life/

Since becoming sober I have experienced a stronger connection with reality. Things feel more real...Basketball is more basketball-y. Fashion is more fashion-y. Waves endlessly coming in to shore as the sun sets - mind blowing! It's almost like I'm high. ..And I am high. I'm high on life!..I never liked that saying "I'm high on life". It's so incredibly corny and cheesy. I always felt sorry and embarrassed for anyone who thought that way. "Man they're really missing out on the good times! They're just deluding themselves - no one could really feel that way."..But I have found that things are more 'like themselves' more thing-y now that I'm sober. Maybe because I'm not relying on alcohol to have a good time?..So when I go kick a ball around in the park with my friends at night in the dark and we're being silly and shouting and laughing cos no one can really see each other... then I'm having an amazing time because I'm kicking a ball around in a park with my friends at night...When I see a band play live - I only have the band and the music and the atmosphere. So I *really* appreciate the band and the music and the atmosphere. Because it's all I have! So I better enjoy it! And I do! I see these amazing things for what they really are!..I will note that I'm not walking around all the time totally buzzing out on everything. I feel bored and tired and anxious and depressed at times like everyone. But I find that the fun cool things in life are more fun and cool...Hopefully that makes sense to someone out there. ..If you're struggling with your sobriety and not feeling any kind of 'pink cloud' or if you're actually feeling more depressed please stick with it and try reading about techniques such as mindfulness meditation yoga cognitive behavioural therapy exercise etc. Personally I don't meditate rarely exercise occasionally do yoga and am only just learning about CBT.  But I'm hoping that by trying these things out more I will experience more calm peacefulness clarity gratitude appreciation and connection with the world...Peace!..Edit: a word.
----------immediate responses--------

Haha I love it! I've felt the same at times. Just today I was rocking out in the kitchen just cleaning and listening to music really loudly and I was just...happy. Also I am no longer doing things when I am hungover or intoxicated just because. I am picking and choosing how to spend my time and without booze I am discovering which things I really like.
it was great to read this first thing on the morning...welcome back to the world of living and not just existing!..
The happiness started for me when I started being grateful and turning my will over to a greater more powerful plan and just doing what I was told (AA). I'm 43. That started with just saying I'm grateful until I started feeling it...Because of manic/obsessive/compulsive behavior I've had in the past I waited for the initial excitement to wear off knowing that I was going to get pissed sooner or later. I have a set of actions that I perform every day that seems to work right now...
totally totally totally totally!!!!!!!!!!!!!..Are you me?..Awesome post man. Fantastic and true and exactly how I feel.
[deleted]
