-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18wven/how_much_help_do_i_give/

A recent friend of mine from the program just texted me that he relapsed today. We went through detox at about the same time so we're kind of on even footing in terms of "clean" time. I want to be supportive but am also aware that I'm in early days in terms of my most recent attempt at sobriety. I suggested that we meet tomorrow for coffee to talk one on one and then go to a meeting (we both go to a relapse prevention group which is not AA affiliated but has a lot of AA and NA members. We also both go to these groups but not necessarily the same ones). I guess what I'm wondering is this: How much do I allow myself to help him in his problems while at the same time taking care of my own sobriety? Do any of you have experience with "war buddies" either positive or negative?
----------immediate responses--------

No experience to offer but I am at the same length of sober time as you and if I were in your position here's what I think I would do: what you've already done and no more...I would have to refer him to someone with more sober time for anything beyond an invitation for a ride to a meeting.  Even then coffee together before and then the ride to the meeting would be it then a ride straight home.  I'd have to pull myself back at that point.  That's just me and I've been doing well without any serious cravings.  I just don't think I could handle a lot of another person's emotional trauma at this point.  I'm still too much of a raw newbie to this recovery thing and don't have the tools to offer much help anyway.
Great question! First congratulations on your 19 days. That is awesome. Second good for you for recognizing the fragility of your sobriety and respecting that. ..Advice that I have been given is to use the buddy system. Bring your sponsor or his sponsor or both so that you don't get too sucked into his drama. ..Second a couple of rules of thumb from Alanon (I'm a double winner working both programs): Do not do for him what he can (or should be able to) do for himself. Doing so is enabling. Keep it to understanding and encouraging him. ..He is lucky to have a friend like you. Keep working your program. 
There are many people available to help him. Keep good boundaries and refer him to his counselor sponsor or his AA group. You are wise to understand he could be a threat to your sobriety. You can be friendly but you have enough to deal with so take care of yourself. 
Catchy slogan version: First things first. .Real version: Focus on taking care of what's going to kill you first. ..Your own sobriety has to be the most important thing to you. Helping other people get and stay sober is pretty powerful but at less than a month you just don't have the tools to really do that for someone. If it was up to me to get someone sober at my own one month date I would have fucked them up something awful let alone myself. Trying to shoulder too much of that responsibility could put undue stress on you and associating with someone who is actively drinking alcoholically is a temptation and risk you're not ready for. Offer them a ride to the meeting yes. Take them to the meeting yes. But while you're there get them to talk to someone with a few years sober who seems to have a good head on their shoulders. 
I have no information about other programs but AA explains precisely what to do in it's literature. 
