-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1903ne/18_days_in_and_im_struggling_with_the_boredomennui/

So I'm on vacation at the moment in SanFran getting through it all ok without hitting the booze but I'm sitting here in my hotel room at night bored out of my mind and trying to work up interest in heading out for the night meeting the locals etc. etc...And I'm now realising how much I've relied on alcohol to alleviate all of that. As long as I was getting drunk I had a reason to be out something to do with my hands it would be the lubricant that got me to actually talk to others in the bar...Now all of that is gone and I can't think of a logical reason why I would go out tonight when I'm just going to fly out on Saturday morning anyway (so no point meeting new people) but am going stir crazy sitting inside with anxiety that I'm wasting my vacation time doing nothing...It doesn't help that I have significant social anxiety and dread talking to strangers (try to act surprised!)..Is this a phase or is this what it's going to be like? Anyone got any tips for this point of the adjustment period?
----------immediate responses--------

Hell-of AA meetings here in SF....try one out there are some great ones around the clock. :)
You're still adjusting. Cut yourself some slack :)..You don't need to go out and chat with the locals. Go for a walk head to a coffee shop pick up a book or a local newspaper. Baby steps. 
The Big Book refers to "fear of people" in one of its most oft-read passages. It seems like its a common problem among drunks...Getting out of my shell took very conscious effort on my part. It literally took me plastering a smile on my face and forcing myself to look people in the face. I started simple - I was friendly to cashiers taking time to notice that they were persons as opposed to talking change kiosks. I started extending that to other people who had no choice but to interact with me like delivery people waiters etc. It took doing to get used to but I'm glad I did...Getting outside of yourself is one of the surest ways to tackle depressed feelings. Instead of immersing yourself in your little story go spend some time in someone else's story for a little while. I think you'll find that people can be fascinating.
Who needs people when you've got reddit ;-)..Kidding aside I know what you mean- big city hotel weekend... There gotta be tons of cool stuff to do there though- check a local newspaper or magazine- probably great live music theater museums art houses... Also you get +3 charisma when sober due to skinnier face and self confidence :-) 
[deleted]
I was similar and now I find I never have enough hours in the day to do all the things I have lined up.  Many people report this so give it time...If you ever want some company drop in to the IRC channel and say "hi"..
I feel your pain man.  The boredom is tough.  I've been trying to get back into the healthy habits that I used to do like meditation reading some yoga exercise etc. so that on those nights I can try one of them.  I think a nice walk around San Fran while meditating somewhere would be awesome.  Maybe print out map of the constellations and try to find some in the sky.  Look online for some landmarks to check out.  Go for a jog.  Use the internet to your advantage to find interesting things to captivate your attention.....I can't stress meditation enough though.  It really helps me feel grounded and helps me tap into that sense of meaning and contemplation in any given moment.  It can take a boring moment and add some serious depth and meaning to it.  
