-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1911l6/how_i_stopped_being_special_and_got_sober/

Maybe this will help those who are struggling...This time of year is when I first came into the rooms my sober date is Sept 1 so I struggled.  I like many had issues with AA but on some level(gut)knew it was my only chance.  ..Things I had to get over *1. Knowing Everything.  *2.My mantra of "don't tell me what to do"  *3. My intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs. * 4.That I was somehow special different that the rules did not quite apply to me. ..I had to become less complicated. .. I had to learn how to listen. . .I had to learn to identify not compare... I had to stop believing the lies I was telling myself when I went out. ..I had to work on my self esteem which was warped twisted and otherwise wrong - (both ways)..This all took time But damn all these years later it is still working and my life is wonderful...
----------immediate responses--------

something I learned--I now know that other people have feelings too and may possibly know how feelings feel like the feelings I have
Wow.  25 1/2 years.  That's awesome.  I think your 4 points are excellent ones and are definitely what makes it easier to get and stay sober (from my short experience)...It's funny /u/GoIrishGo was saying EXACTLY this early today in the webchat.
Thank you for sharing. Good post. 
Excellent post thank you. So true.
Get honest Get sober..Stay honest Stay sober.
[deleted]
This is great. I love the pithiness. And yet I almost want some elaboration. How do personality faults have a relationship to the physical addiction to alcohol?
This is a great post that I really relate to. Especially learning to relate instead of compare  which is something I still struggle with from time to time...Thank you for the post.
[deleted]
&gt;That I was somehow special different that the rules did not quite apply to me..I too was the most special of snowflakes. See my problems were all unique and drastically unlike anyone else's problems. Also the overlay of misery had nothing to do with my excessive drinking and I took umbrage with myself when my mind would probe that possibility. No it was a cumulative effect of people who had mistreated me momentary bad decisions and unfortunate luck. Like I said 100% unique. ..It only took 30 days of sober clarity to see how utterly incorrect I was. Sure I had problems but they're eminently fixable with a bit of effort. The confounding factor was that all of my effort and energy was spend drinking and recovering in a twisted cycle of self-harm and -loathing. ..Reading this forum has opened my eyes so much. Our commonalities far outweigh our differences. 
