-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1911ia/almost_2_months/

Tomorrow will be my 60th day and for the last two weeks I'd been planning/scheming/bargaining with myself on how I would drink this weekend. My biggest physical barrier to drinking is my girlfriend who lives with me and I've posted about wanting to drink before on a night when she was gone for hours. I kept thinking "I can get away with it when will I get the chance otherwise and it totally wouldn't wreck my recovery to just drink one night. I'll keep going and no one but me has to know." I also thought that I needed a relapse to really understand how powerless I am over substances. That until I relapsed while working a program I wouldn't be able to find surrender. I even got cash back the other day at the grocery store so I could buy my magnum bottle of wine without it showing up on my credit card purchases that my girlfriend can see (we use an online budgeting website that tracks debit and credit purchases. she's not a creeper...)..Thoughts like this were making me depressed resentful toward the program paranoid about my sponsor's motives and skeptical of AA in general. I was pulling away from the thing that had been making me happy for the last 8ish weeks and telling on myself at a meeting the other day was the best thing I could've done to keep me sober. Rigorous honesty...it works...TL;DR - I'm almost at 2 months had been planning to drink this weekend and now it's the last thing I want to do. Soldiering on.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you worked through it! Two months is excellent. I hate when my brain tries to work against me. It always makes me feel slightly indignant like yoo hoo jerkface we are on the same side remember?
[deleted]
good thing that you don't want to now right?
To thine own self be true
I have fallen for that siren's song many times.  I know it won't be long until I hear it again.  Thanks for sharing how you got through it.  I'll try and use it myself.
[ no one but me has to know]  I used to think like that until I realized that by me knowing I was a cheat and a liar was worse than knowing I was a Drunk.  You are doing well my friend.  Rating on myself has helped me in the past.  Keep up the good work and you will be rewarded.  Good luck my friend.
