-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/192m8o/been_drinking_pretty_much_daily_for_the_past_11/

When I was 17 I moved to China by myself (I'm not Chinese though it's a long story). That was when my coaches gave me my first drink. For years it was ok as I was always training martial arts but an injury stopped that. ..Music was my second love so after an injury put me out of professional competition I focused entirely on that...Since I got into music and the industry as a recording artist performer producer and DJ -- DJing being the biggest issue -- I realized I had become a real alcoholic. ..I went from drinking only on the weekends to only when out with friends to morning noon and night. Drinking is not only part of the culture in this country but it's also part of the culture in my industry. We all drink and everyone I know (except my now potential ex-wife) is because of drinking...I always considered myself a functional alcoholic and never really encountered a major problem in life that was because of it. But recently some major shitty things happened that made me stop and think if all this bad shit keeps happening in my life I should change something that I'm doing...I still don't really see how my drinking was connected to the problems I've been having in my life but I've always said if you've been doing the same thing and getting the same results change something you're doing...So yesterday after having a few drinks by myself pre-gaming for the club and working on a track my computer went to shit again. That's when I thought about everything I had been doing my whole life what recently went down with my still current wife and mother of my child my business my music. No matter how hard I tried to make shit work out it always ended up like shit. And the ONLY connection I mean the only thing I've realized I've been doing this whole time is drinking...Does that make sense?..So I sobered up before I went out went out and like usual ended up with a bunch of bottles at my table cocktails and beers. When I'm out I've always been mostly the center of attention so this night everyone was wondering what's going on with me and kept trying to make me drink. No one could believe the guy that runs around the clubs pouring drinks in people's mouths jumping off speakers and doing all sorts of wild shit was drinking water and coke...So second day here I am. I emptied my bar. Threw out my collection of bottles and trying to see if this new path will yield any different results...Alcohol made me feel normal. It brought me creativity and because socializing and making connections is so important for my work it allowed me to do it easier and better. I'm not sure how much more confidence it gave me but it made me definitely not sit there letting people know how incredibly bored I am with them. As retarded as it sounds it made me function better. But maybe that was the alcohol trying to convince me it was better for me. ..I dunno so I'm asking you guys...Have any of you guys drank regularly everyday all day to feel normal AND worked in an industry and live a life where alcohol is part of it and still successfully quit? How long did you hold out before you started getting cravings? How did you deal with it?..For years I've begged myself to quit. Now I finally just started and I really REALLY want to never start again. I know if I have a relapse it'll be even more difficult to try again so that would suck...It's Saturday and tonight I have to meet some guys for drinks and talk. I'm not sure how hard it's going to be but I hope it's as easy as it was last night. But the setting tonight is very different. Oh boy.....Any advice or I dunno anything to say about anything related to any of this? I'm all ears...tl;dr: I live a life where drinking is part of it and after being a daily drinking for years have decided to quit..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a bartender living in a house with two other bartenders who still drink. While I'm planning on changing my housing situation because 'partying' as it is amongst service industry folks isn't really fun when one is sober I'm still sticking with my job as a bartender while I work on a move towards a career change away from booze altogether. ..Sure none of this is easy and I know that if I give in to drink that I will literally destroy the progress I've made thus far. The new goals I've set would become cloudy the insecurity about making decisions would be buried in the daily drudgery of the hangover. I know in my heart that allowing even one drink will return me to that doom so that fixes the rational part of it. ..My friends know my co-workers know. . .the transition out of the drinking-daily-scene with my homies was slow at first but the more they realized that I needed this change the easier it got. So that's fixes the social part of it. ..As for physical cravings sure I still get them. I drink tea all of the time and it's quite a fix. While tending bar I'll drink tonic water or a virgin mary but I still find coffee and tea to be an amazing substitue. ..Look you can do this. I'm 33 and can tell you quitting was the best thing I could've done and yeah it may strain your social life but it will improve. If I could go back in time and quit 5 years earlier (and missed all of those "parties" that I wouldn't have remembered anyhow) I'd do it...You've got to do what's best for you. If you have any questions we're here. Stay strong!
It is incredibly hard to do it alone..This forum is a great start but many of us have found we needed a live support group..Alcoholism is an isolating condition. My need was to not feel so different not such a freak.  Back when AA was my only option.  I resisted but eventually got over myself and took to it. (AA by the way is full of musicians and artists of all sorts).  AA can provide an alternate universe where sober is the norm..There are other options now including developing a circle of sober friends on your own but you are right your current circle will tend to drag you back in.  Good luck.
I am a bartender dating a bartender and have a majority of bartender friends. Like Umbringer I don't intend to be a bartender forever. I am formulating a plan that will get me out of the business and in a better spot. I am cutting down on shifts and using my support system. For now I am turning a what could be a negative into a positive socking away my tips to turn them into a better future. In a weird way being at work and staying sober has been eye-opening. I see examples every night that reinforce my choice to stay sober more than I get the urge to drink. Even sober I like my job and the money I make but I am not going to kid myself. I am changing my lifestyle and that is going to lead to a change in career. ..My boyfriend doesn't have the same problem I have with booze. I have been honest with him and he is part of my support system. I have been seeking out friends that don't have drinking problems and turning down invitations to go out to bars with those who do. I don't go to any bars outside of work at all. I suggest lunch or dinner in a neutral environment if they are someone I still want to see socially. You are going to lose friends but keep in mind that if the only thing you did with them was drink they were drinking buddies not friends after all. ..Everyone is different. I work with two former drinkers both who continue to work in the industry but have been sober for years. One lady has been in the industry for 15 years but hasn't had a drink in 10. I think that is rare but possible. I think I can be a bartender for now and be sober but I also think it is more trouble than it is worth for me and there are other more positive things I would rather do with my life. I binge so in reality I am only one drink away from fucking up everything I have worked for. My sobriety will give me more than my job ever will. So yeah I have an exit strategy : )..Sorry this turned into a much longer message than I meant it to. So what did I do the first week that really helped me? I found a few people to be honest with and confide in. I found this subreddit and checked in and reached out a few times a day. I took it one day at a time until it hit me what an awesome life I could have without alcohol. Don't get me wrong I am only 2 weeks in and I still take it one day at a time. But with my head so much clearer I am able to start planning for my future as well. I can be excited about it again. Don't tempt yourself don't test yourself. Get a badge. Talk to someone. Come here. Join a group if you need it. You can change your life.
I work for a wine and liquor distributor. The other day was my first challenging day at work. We had a sales meeting where close to 20 samples of liquor were poured in front of me. I smelled everyone of them and dumped them ALL in the spit bucket. A couple products were really appealing to me but I know if I had just one taste it would be down hill from there...As far as cravings go they haven't always been easy but I just keep remembering all the bad things alcohol have brought into my life and that seems to get me through it...My first 2 weeks were mentally rough for me but I seem to have turned the corner. As an added bonus I seem to be having a clearer mind and have had a couple really great ideas for work. Best of luck to you.
