-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1947h0/making_exceptions/

Just faced a new challenge yesterday where I was lucky enough to get past.  Here's what happened... A really old friend of mine came into town and he's one of the best friends I have. I felt my alcoholic mind making an exception for him saying that if I were to drink with anyone then it would be with my friend. I think if he had suggested that we go grab some beers or something I probably would have gone and drank . Luckily we just chilled instead and did not get to drinking at all. ..However this frightened me after the fact. I was too close in getting back into drinking and I find that there are very difficult situations that can exist that could make me relapse. How do you guys approach these kind of situations where you start thinking about making exceptions ?? How can I better prepare? ..
----------immediate responses--------

Dodged a bullet eh? not sure if I could be so strong in a similar situation... Scary 
Sounds like you aren't too sure if you want to be a non drinker..Maybe you should figure that out and quit torturing yourself..If you want to drink drink. If not don't. No need to mind fuck yourself over it.
You can't. It's decision time.
[deleted]
We often set ourselves up to slip in exactly this way..Our dis-ease is a very patient and persuasive salesman..For me there were exceptions in the beginning and I got nowhere..Since then.I have made it through my parents deaths my daughters wedding a divorce a remarriage - each of which could have been an exception except they weren't.
I'm coming up on a situation like this as well.  My brothers are coming to visit and we have always just gone out to the local brewery to grab beers.  I still want them to have a good time when they come down so I changed the venue.  I plan on bringing them to a Dave &amp; Buster's/Julian's so that they can drink all they want and I can distract myself with all the video games WHILE having a blast with them.  I'm sure it will be strange not to drink with them at first but after a couple of visits I'm hoping it becomes the new "normal".
I had this situation come up last week the way I chose to handle it was that I told my friend first thing hey listen I don't drink  so if the plan is to go to a bar I am going to be very very bored he said congratulations lets hang out and you can talk to me about sobriety we still ended up at a bar but at least it was one with the laker - celtics game on and I stayed for an hour and went home....I would like my friends that drink prepare there own exceptions something like  if I was going to NOT drink with anyone I would not drink with wratx
Throughout my Time not drinking one of the biggest reasons I decided to is it was the only way to hang out with some of my friends. I've realized now that it's the stupidest reason to drink. I've even been so far as to kick a friend out when he brought beer over. "Don't be lame you don't have to drink my beer." My house my rules leave it in your car or get out. Whether they don't understand the struggle fully or they don't care self preservation is priority 1.
