-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19x8qd/my_goal_was_one_day_just_one_day_that_was_67_days/

I'm not entirely sure why I'm posting here.  I feel like I've been struggling lately and I wanted to... I don't know I thought maybe this would help strengthen my resolve telling someone about it who can understand....I'm 39 years old....New Years Eve 2012.  My wife is going to a party with friends (girls night out).  I'm on my way home from picking my 2 year old up from daycare and I stop at the store to get something to drink since it's New Years Eve after all.  I'm planning on quitting as a "new years resolution" the same way I'd planned on quitting as a "new years resolution" the year before that and the year before that and the year before that before my son was born....I'm standing in line at the store waiting to get my drink for the night and thinking about how my wife was going out and my son was going to be home with me and for the briefest moment I realized as I had decided on getting a fifth instead of a pint (it's new years after all) that it was never going to stop.  I knew I shouldn't be drinking that night.  Maybe my wife (who drinks maybe once or twice a year) would need a ride home what if I had to go somewhere or take my son somewhere and I kept thinking to myself... "it'll be fine it's just one night..." ...All of this is going through my head in the few moments while standing in line holding my son's hand waiting for my booze and I realized it was never going to stop.  No matter what reason I had to not drink my idiot brain would figure out a way around it.  As long as I could just get it home with me I'd find a way to justify it to myself later....That was my moment.  I was planning on quitting tomorrow anyway.  I looked down at my son who lifted his arms to be picked up.  I picked him up and he gave me a hug and laid his head on my shoulder almost instinctively like he knew I was struggling with something.  Right there in the midst of all those people it was my turn to step up in line at the counter and order and I decided at that moment that just for tonight I wasn't going to drink.  I'll get shitfaced tomorrow and quit on the second but tonight this New Years Eve I'm going to choose not to drink.  Not a resolution not a grand gesture not expecting anyone to pat me on the back for it just because I chose to gain some sort of control over this for just one night when I had every excuse to drink.  (it's new years eve after all)..."Hey! Happy New Year what will it be tonight?" her name is Katie.  She'd sold booze to me for years.  She knew that's what I was there for.  "Ya know what?  I'm good thanks.  Have a happy new year."  and I carried my son out to the Jeep and we went home....The night came and went.  The boy went down for bed around 8:30 like usual my wife went out to her party and came home around 1:30 and I sat and played World of Warcraft on New Years Eve like I had for the last 6 years for the first time actually sober on New Years Eve.  ...I woke up the next day and looked in the mirror and I almost cried.  The amount of self-pride that the 'morning me' had that morning for the 'other me'... looking at myself in the mirror.  I know I said I'd get drunk tonight for not getting drunk last night but I think I might wait just another day.  I'll get drunk tomorrow.  ...That was 66 days ago.  The bigger that number gets the harder it is for me to let it reset back to zero.  Some times that is the only motivation I have on the way home when I stop to get hamburger or milk for dinner.  What a waste it would be after 67 days to ruin it now and have to start over for what?  A hangover?  "But... it's just one drink we don't have to get drunk just have something small and call it good.  We've gone this long w/o drinking clearly we have control over it."  ... /sigh...I have had this conversation in my head so many times.  Some days I see this number being as high as 365 days but I know better than that.  Right now I am happy just keeping it at 1.  ...I was subbed to this subreddit for a long while and eventually began feeling so guilty that I couldn't quit that I unsubbed to get the voices out of my head and to cut the guilt but honestly it helped a lot even when I was drinking 5-7 nights a week.  Thanks everyone.  ...Well today I'm back.  67 days and counting.  It's not a new years resolution I just simply don't want to drink today....tl;dr:  Sober for one day 67 days in a row...
----------immediate responses--------

For some reason your post made me weepy.  The strength and courage you showed standing in line... the realization that you shouldn't drink that night.  I've been there.  And I always was able to talk myself into getting that bottle...I'm glad to see that you've kept it up for 67 days.  Keep it up man.
That's how it works! Congratulations. ..You didn't mention a support group. It's easier and more fun when you have one such as AA or SMART recovery. I'm just sharing my experience. 
"I looked in the mirror and I almost cried" ..I once looked in the mirror and didnt recognise what I had become...Today I can look in the mirror and smile that before he died my dad got his son back. I think your son has got his dad back too.
right.the.fuck.on. ...this should be in the sidebar for all to see...have a great day fellow 39er.
So Excellent!!! You made my day a little brighter..... 66 days and I'm right behind you :) So happy for your son and wife too!
And that my friend is exactly how it's done. Nice work!
Bravo.  I need to find that strength.  I have small kids too.  I've been going to meetings for a few weeks now but can't seem to get to day one.
What a great story.  ..67 days. [That's a lot of jeans](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sjlyu/name_something_i_could_have_spent_the_23_i_paid/) breakfasts toys flowers and gifts.  Oh and sodas. [Don't forget](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sjlyu/name_something_i_could_have_spent_the_23_i_paid/c4eneer) about sodas...Welcome back.  And congrats.
When is a good time to quit?  [No matter what reason I had to not drink my idiot brain would figure out a way around it. ]  There is always a reason to drink and there is always a reason not to drink.  It up to us to choose at the end of the day.  Good story and good luck I wish you well.
[deleted]
I'm happy for you. May you keep adding days one at a time. ..There was some little magic in that little moment when I realised there was never going to be the 'perfect time' to quit. Once I  just seized the time now everything became possible...Sounds like you made a great decision. Make it again tomorrow!..All the very best to you. 
Congrats. This rings true to me and is very close to how this has gone on my side this time around. It's amazing to me how similar some of our situations are when this problem makes you feel so absolutely alone sometimes.
thanks for this post - I am having a tough day today and this was really good to see
Well said.
Frikking awesome. I quit for my kids as well. Drunk dad = might as well not even be around dad.....Awesome.  Good job man. 
[deleted]
I hope to do that some day.  Awesome story - thank you so much.
I'm so *so* proud of you Internet stranger...More then you know you deserve this sobriety. 
I love this subreddit. It sucked when I relapsed having to not visit here out of guilt. Feels so good to be back.
I too got sober at 39. It took some time to get it right but then the days just started adding up.  .One at a time...  And they have been good days as opposed to before.
