-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1a0atw/positive_changes_in_my_life_after_8_months_sober/

    I realized I was self medicating with poison alcohol and it got out of hand.  Stumbling home black outs making a fool of myself waking up in parking lots after I tried to stumble home.  It was getting pretty bad.  My 30th birthday was a few months away and I realized somehow in the haze that I was killing myself with alcohol.  I just decided that I was going to make a change.  I started reading posts on r/stopdrinking about what to expect when I quit and It gave me the courage to just do it.  I haven't had a drop in over 8 months now. POSITIVE CHANGES IN MY LIFE SINCE I STOPPED DRINKING:.*I've lost about 25lbs and I expect to loose more (6'2'' was 265 now 240).*I FEEL like myself.  It's hard to describe but I get power from being sober and I haven't felt this grounded in a long time..*My friends and family are happy..*I'm much happier overall.*I care about things that I had hadn't given much thought while drunk.  Old hobbies and new ones!  Life is more fun..*MONEY$$$  All those clams I was spending on booze are now going in my pocket or towards things I've always wanted/ paying off bills..*NO HANGOVERS.  This might be the most important and valuable difference.  I don't spend days sleeping and overeating to nurse the hangover.  I haven't missed any work or fun or days of my LIFE because I feel like shit from drinking..*I've noticed several of my friends at least thinking about what they are doing to their bodies because they have seen me quit..*My brain works better and I've been more creative and optimistic in general..THANK YOU R/STOPDRINKING FOR ALL THE HELP.  JUST READING POSTS ABOUT WHAT TO EXPECT DURING THE FIRST COUPLE WEEKS OF NOT DRINKING HELPED TREMENDOUSLY.  If you want to stop I encourage you to search r/stopdrinking for "day 1 day 2 day 3 day 4" etc. and read the posts.  Every day after I quit I would search that day and read several posts.   It makes it not scary.  You can do it...How I quit/what worked for ME:.I was drinking roughly every other day.  Most of the time I would get pretty drunk spend the next day hung over not even wanting to think about alcohol because I felt so lousy and then do it all over again the next day.  Sometimes I would go a few days with no alcohol but then I would go out and get smashed.  5 6 10 12 beers at the bar and most of the time I would suplement that with a shot or two of whiskey/vodka a night.  Sometimes more sometimes less but it was slowly getting worse and worse and I didn't even notice it at first. The last night that I drank I got shit-hammered on the 4th of july last year didn't really do anything overly stupid aside from talking to a bunch of people I knew in a drunken stooper (I was a nice drunk) and the next day my girlfriend said "think about what this is doing to your body".  That made me think about it in a different way.  I quit july 5th and did it cold turkey.  It just felt like the way I had to do it.  Also I didn't really tell anyone I was quitting for the first week or so.  And then I only told my girlfriend.  I felt like if I made a big deal out of it then that put pressure on me.  I just quit.  I didn't go to AA I just wanted to see how bad my withdrawals would be so I gave it a few days.  I remember day 1 I was hung over day 2 was no biggie day 3 I felt a little spacy and a little shaky day 4 and 5 I felt like shit Im not going to lie.  I think day 5 and 6 were the worst of my detox.  I wasn't hallucinating or anything but I felt on edge shakey grumpy for sure.  I still tried to just think of it like "no big deal dont build it up in your mind just do it.  just do it."  I just did it.  After about 10 days I started telling my friends about what I was doing.  Most of them just said "good job" but I could tell I hadn't proved myself yet.  After about 30 days I quit counting the days and I just tried to ease into the whole thing without making it a big deal.  I dont want to sound like it was "easy" or take away from other people's struggles but as I've said what worked for me was to just quit and try not to make a big deal about it.  No pressure just fucking quit drinking beer/booze. That was my mentality and It worked.  Figure out what works for you and fucking do it.  You can.  Sorry I got on a rant thanks for reading..tldr: drank too much quit cold turkey tried to not make a big deal out of it just did it.  .PS- This is what worked for me I'm not knocking other methods or saying this is the right way it's just what happened to me.
----------immediate responses--------

Not sure what happened to layout of post looks kinda weird.  
sounds very familiar.  it wasn't fun for me anymore either so i put it down and got on with my life too. ..i have to agree 100% that this subreddit is one of the most powerful ones created...we all have our ways of making through to the other side and into the glorious world of sobriety and those differences are what make us all stronger in the contiuous conversations and upliftment here...it's great to see those who just start out 'reporting in' with the same stories. ..hope i didn't sound too condescending or like i was stealing your thunder......
i relate to this soooo much. i (with my boyfriend) quit cold turkey 5 months ago and have also gotten to experience the positive changes you mentioned. money! happiness! no hangovers! it's the best! thank you for posting. congratulations on 8 months!!! can't wait to get there too.
Here here. The *"shut up don't drink watch your life get better"* method worked for me as well. ..I've had all the same benefits you've had. Losing over 20 pounds of fat is by far the most noticeable change. I agree with you that life without hangovers is probably the most important aspect because it allows one to do so much more with life! If I was still getting hangovers I wouldn't be getting up early and going to the gym. I wouldn't be having healthy breakfasts. I wouldn't be kicking ass at work. In short I'd be pissing a dozen or so hours away each week and then wondering why my life was so shitty. ..Different strokes for different blokes I say. For some the positive reinforcement is enough to sustain long-term sobriety. Glad to see I'm not alone!
Congratulations! I'm always happy to hear about people who succeed without AA. I can't go to AA where I live (expat in Germany don't really speak much German) so it really gives me hope that others can succeed without it...&gt; day 1 I was hung over day 2 was no biggie day 3 I felt a little spacy and a little shaky day 4 and 5 I felt like shit Im not going to lie. I think day 5 and 6 were the worst of my detox. I wasn't hallucinating or anything but I felt on edge shakey grumpy for sure...This sounds exactly like me. I've been doing this every week for the past month now. Monday is hungover Tuesday is fine Wednesday I feel like I'm in a haze and I find myself forgetting things (last Wednesday morning I got in the shower and turned on the water even though I had *literally* just finished drying myself off from showering) and Thursday and Friday I'm grumpy as hell and have to constantly prevent my temper from flaring up. ..Then unfortunately I always wind up drinking on Friday night. Maybe I can make it through this Friday we'll see. ..Anyway I didn't mean to hijack your post just wanted to say that I can really relate to your detox experience. .
