-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1a1rpl/which_path_to_take/

tl;dr - should I go to rehab and THEN continue AA or can I skip rehab and JUST do AA?..So I've been alcohol free for a week now. I made the decision to stop without any direct influence from friends or family (although they all have expressed in the recent past that they wanted me to stop). After detoxing on my couch for three days I started going to meetings. Tonight will be my 5th meeting in four days. I've been to AA before but always at the insistence of someone else. I never really paid that much attention. This time I'm doing it for me and I'm enjoying it. I'm meeting people that I can identify with for the first time in my life...I've got a few good friends who are adamant that the only choice for me right now is rehab. I've been to rehab before (again at someone else's request) and didn't get much from it. I know that if I went again it would be beneficial but I'm not sure that I really NEED it. For the first time in my drinking life (I'm 32 [today!] and I've been drinking since 15) I can honestly say that alcohol is destroying my life and I want to stop drinking. ..Now for some people rehab is a wake-up call to make them understand that a problem exists. I already know that. I've accepted it. However rehab is also a safe environment to get some time under your belt and learn how to prevent relapse. ..So my question is... should I bite the bullet and do the in-patient program or will I be able to get the tools I need in AA / counseling?
----------immediate responses--------

I went to AA and continued to drink so I ended up in rehab.  After 3 months in rehab on the last day they dropped this little bombshell.  "Go to AA 3 or 4 times a week or you will be back here". So therefore I went to rehab to learn that my only option was AA.  Turns out they were right.  I would stick with AA and do all the suggested things even if you don't really want to.  It worked for me.  Whatever you choose Good luck.
I don't know enough to say but congrats on the realization that you want to be healthy and congrats on the one week!
Seems to me that you're out of the *"omg am I going to literally die"* part of quitting. In my mind rehab is for two things: to ensure medical safety or to get a few days under your belt in a place where it won't be easy to just pick it up after a few hours. ..Sooner or later you will have to come back to your life. It may be a life you do not like that much. Being confronted with that fact may seem like a good reason to drink. But it isn't. Thankfully you've already made the decision to not drink. That's the easy part. The hard part is fixing all the things in your life that may have made you drink. From the lowliest street sweeper to the highest sultan everyone has areas they can improve in their life. ..But how does one change their life? It's simple. It's not easy but it is simple: You must plan. AA can help with this but it involves a lot of work at your end too. Going to meetings is one thing but if you don't put in the back end work all of those problems you drank away will still be there. So look at your problems. Then look at the solutions. Maybe you're out of shape? Join a gym today. Maybe your finances are a mess? Make a budget. Maybe your place is a mess? Scrub the fuck out of it. ..The most important thing is that you're willing to put in the work. Neither AA nor rehab can make that decision for you. ..
Are you willing to do whatever it takes to get sober?  Are you willing to get a sponsor and do the steps?  Are you willing to go to two meetings a day if that is what it takes?.Rehab is 28 days of intensive change your life or else..If you are going to skip it be sure to make sure you are focused and intent on your recovery.  Your regular life has to come second this is way too important to fuck up
I detoxed at home too. On day 3 I went to a doctor asking him to kindly prescribe me three or four valium to get me through the next few days and he told me to go to rehab. The thought of the cost of that scared the hell out of me so I went home dried out for another week or so and started going to AA. It's worked so far and I think that's largely because I was pretty much done when I got in the door. I'm told that rehab would have been pricey indeed and the people in meetings who have been describe it as the place they went to learn the lessons they were refusing to learn otherwise. That may or may not be what you need at this point.
