-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1a39f5/47_days_and_im_really_struggling/

I've coped really well so far but yesterday and today all I can think of doing is having a pint and a cigarette. I know if I go to the pub I'll probably just sit on my own and get smashed. I've got the rest of today and tomorrow off and I think the only way I can avoid alcohol is to spend the whole time in bed trying to sleep. Really really down.
----------immediate responses--------

You've made it 47 days so I know you can do this.  Don't think about making it until tomorrow ... think about making it for the next 15 minutes without drinking.  Then the next 15 and so on.  
[deleted]
[deleted]
I know the feeling and have been there. Sometimes I *still* get there. Just know that the feeling will pass if you recognize it for what it is. Sometimes there is a trigger sometimes it just comes out of the blue but those feelings do pass.. .Acknowledge the feeling. Recognize it. Accept it. Let it go through you which it will. After it goes (for me sometimes it'd take about 30 minutes for it to completely pass) look at it really closely and see what caused it in the first place.. .Boredom? Stress? Missing out on the "old life" of drinking? Wanting to relax? Etc... no matter the reason you can then tackle it and find something to do *other* than drink the next time the feeling happens.. .It's at least how I was able to handle am able to handle staying sober. Sometimes it's the weirdest stuff that sets it off. Sometimes it's the most obvious triggers. But each time I bat the feeling away and then meditate on why I felt that way the weaker those feelings get and the less they affect me.. .I exercise I meditate and if I'm really bored I'll read or take on a puzzle.
AA really helped me put together a very satisfactory 24 hours. I just finished reading "the little red book" and if you haven't read it consider reading it and checking out an AA meeting...More power to you you've made it 47 days and all you need to do is stay sober one more day. That day is today. It's always today.
Sacrificing 47 days of sobriety for some fleeting relief seems like a sub-optimal exchange.  Stay strong in the moment you know you'll be better off for it.
The cool way to avoid alcohol is go for jogging. Then go to the bar and get diet coke :-). Come from the top and let people know that drinking is not good . 
So get around people just like you who have dealt with exactly what you're dealing with and didn't have to pick up that first drink.  They meet at all times of the week and are probably meeting nearby you tonight.  You can find them in the front of the phone book.  Just quitting drinking doesn't deal with the problem the drinking is merely a symptom.  Start dealing with the problem.
know that every day gets a little bit easier. your 48th day will be just a tiny bit easier than your 47th. in my opinion the second month is the hardest. get out of your head! take a walk clean your place go see a movie go to a meeting. 
Hey man don't get down I had that two days of that about 4 days ago. It will get better you just have to outlast it. ..I wanted a beer so bad it ruined that night and the next day. I told myself I'd feel better but it really took awhile. But now I'm feeling great. ..For me I think my body was so used to getting depressed it induced it me for a little bit. So hang on there message me anytime. ~Eric 
Spending all day in bed is much better alternative than spending money to poison yourself feeling like shit tomorrow and hating yourself to boot...And you won't spend all day in bed either.   After maybe an hour or two and you'll get bored.   You'll watch TV go for a walk call your sponsor or some other friend you have confided in whatever.   Shortly thereafter the dark clouds will pass and you will feel very proud that you triumphed and very grateful that you didn't let a passing bad mood wreck your recovery and your life.
