-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1aemjd/i_cant_believe_im_sober_on_st_paddies_and/

This subreddit is a tremendous help to me. I have been to AA before and a lot of what I took away from those meetings were reminders that: I consistently prove I can't drink like everyone else and many of my problems are either a result of or exacerbated by my drinking. These are very simple truths for me but the longer I go without being reminded of them the easier it is to convince myself that "surely I can drink like a normal person this time"...I receive these reminders from this subreddit as well. I have quit many many times but always struggle around the weekends but clicking on some posts here that show up on my main feed everyday has made this attempt go the smoothest of any I have made so far...So please continue to post your stories your updates your thoughts your feelings because all of that keeps me sober.
----------immediate responses--------

For myself accepting that I simply can never drink again ~~was~~ is like confronting the death of a loved one or the end of relationship.  The grief the sense of loss the regrets... if only I could say one last thing if I could spend one more evening.   It'll be different this time I promise. But then my mind clears and from the delusion emerges memories of the dark places it took me the embarrassment it's assistance in inflicting pain on others.  And I begin to contrast between how I feel now and then... and wonder to myself what am I really "romanticizing" about my relationship with alcohol?  Good riddance.
[deleted]
I am proud of you!..*I consistently prove I can't drink like everyone else*.It's amazing how much we will go through before we admit we simply aren't like them. I am lucky because I never had any legal trouble but the many ways I almost died (or killed someone else) haunt me. I am usually able to brush off the negative feelings because that didn't happen and if I continue to work on my sobriety it won't and for that I am grateful...To be honest I keep forgetting it's St. Patricks Day. Hard to care when you're not irish and you don't drink :) I'll be spending my sunday doing normal sunday things. And then I won't go to work hungover on Monday.  And that makes me happier than old ideas of partying ever did.
I just got off stage after playing irish drinking songs with my band for a st. Pats celebration. Sober. First time since I joined this band 10 years ago...It was awesome.
Didn't even realize what day it was. Planned a trip into work and a nice bike ride followed by some gardening at home.  
[deleted]
Hey all I just wanted to swing by and give you all my input.  .I absolutely love this subreddit and I love those of us who use it.  People say /r/trees is the friendliest place on reddit...I disagree...there is so much good in the hearts of us recovering alcoholics that has been waiting to come out!  I just wanted to touch base on what someone said about realizing that they could never drink again...it is really really daunting to think of it like that.  The way that helps me is to say just for today...I don't have to drink.  .Now I understand that's an AA quote but I honestly say it a lot.  Like last night I walked right past a bar to get a bite to eat.  The bright neon signs in the window were calling out to me trying to suck me in.  They were telling me that this time will be different.  "I just wasn't drinking right last time". I could walk right past and smile as I said to myself: JUST FOR TODAY I don't have to drink to feel good.  .Good luck and keep on posting! 
Question and I promise I'm not being flippant: but isn't St. Paddie's tomorrow? Comments in this thread would suggest that it's also today. Timezone? Hrm?
As an Irish-American I never really liked St. Patrick's Day. My great-Grandparents' culture being reduced to binge drinking fighting and green plastic hats always bugged me. Since sobering up it really disgusts me. I call it "Irish Stereotype Day". I'm just glad we don't celebrate Columbus Day or Black History Month with the same glorification of stereotypes...OK rant over. Enjoy your sober St. Patrick's!
Yea I didn't even realize it was a drinking holiday until someone mentioned it: what're you doing tomorrow?. .I said I dunno my lawn some bicycle care stuff like that why? Then it dawned on me. Heh I didn't even give it a moment's thought again really until I saw your post. . .During St. Patrck's day... well it never celebrated like a really big drinking day for me. Every day was a big drinking day :). .**Was**! 
This will be the 2nd time for me navigating Saint Patrick's Day followed by my birthday which as you can guess used to be quite the temptress as an invitation to drink. I am again going to visit my family for my birthday as a method of lashing myself to the mast. Actually I don't find I want to drink this weekend which is convenient since I am not going to! ..EDIT: clarity
