-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ai58k/16_day_question/

Why does it get harder rather than easier at this point? With the withdrawal (mostly) behind me at this point I would think that the desire to stay sober would solidify maybe gain permanence. I feel lost tonight and have been battling depression all weekend. I've pushed away most of my support structure. I'm terribly afraid of relapsing. Is this what happens to everyone? Or am I terribly unique?
----------immediate responses--------

First time I slipped it was around where you are I thought I was ok to have a few drinks because I was anxious and sad and stressed and lonely. Three days later I'm back doing detox feeling like such a failure. Keep strong remember the withdrawal? It'll be worse if there is a next time. 
When we stop drinking all the problems drinking caused go away. And all the problems that caused us to drink in the first place come rushing back. ..You're struggling because you're isolated. Seek out support and fellowship from other sober alcoholics. People who know exactly what you're going through because they've been through it themselves. People who want to share with you the tools and strategies they used themselves. People with practical advice and hope that if they can do it so can you... No you're not unique. Far from it. Listen to a few stories at meetings and you'll quickly realize how similar certain parts of our experiences are. Youll hear your own story soon enough if you go in with an open mind and ears. You'll hear people who *want* to help you through your struggle because doing so helps them stay sober and humble themselves and because someone helped them when they came around feeling exactly like you do now. But you have to seek them out. ..Asking for help is one of the hardest things we do but that's exactly why it's so powerful. Our alcoholism wants us isolated in our own heads because our own thinking will lead us back to a drink very quickly. The pain of drinking and withdrawal will fade faster than you can imagine if you don't start taking action immediately. ..Dont drink. Go to a meeting. Ask for help. 
If you're like most people you drank to drown your problems. Taking the alcohol away doesn't fix anything.  It just puts you in a place where you're better able to fix them.  You've still gotta do the fixin'...It can take months for your body &amp; brain to recover.  Alcohol abuse causes physical changes to the structure of your brain. Receptors &amp; transmitters and what have you. Months...It gets easier.  But not all on its own.  You've gotta work at it.
Here's what I've experienced when I was right about at your spot.  After about day 10-15 the initial "high" and wonder of being newly sober starts to wear off.  They call that the "pink cloud". What I think you're experiencing right now is the flood of emotions all coming back at once and Depression being the most prominent.  You are not alone though.  The most unique thing I see is the fact that you are recognizing it and voicing it to our community.  That is a mega positive!  You are awesome for providing an example of what is happening to you emotionally so others who aren't yet as far in their recovery as you can benefit..Now as for your depression this is a very common problem for us alcoholics as we have in the past masked our depression/anxieties with alcohol.  It is called self medication.  I did it too!  Since we used alcohol as a cure all for all these years we lack the coping mechanisms to deal with this stuff that others have.  .Now As for pushing your support away I'm about to blow your mind!  I'm guessing that when you're feeling depressed its the kind of funk that YOU DON'T WANT TO BE BROUGHT OUT OF.  Kind of like you're bathing in misery and you just want to isolate yourself from society. I get it.  Been there.  You're talking about it though!  How cool is that?  You are taking the right steps towards recovery and you may not even be aware of it!  See I am lucky I have a sponsor who I talk to about these things.  When I feel like you are right now I typically won't call him...he picks up on the fact that I'm depressed and makes me talk about it no matter how uncomfortable it is for me.  Throwing myself into the conversation usually makes me feel better..Recovery is not an easy process but you have already gotten through the roughest part.  It will be hard sometimes but remember the most worthwhile things in life are hard.  Take it easy on yourself.  You are an awesome person!  I know you are.  You have awesome self control to go 16 days!  Holy shit!  I had to go to rehab to get that kind of clean time early in my recovery..Keep it up and keep us posted you don't have to go it alone any more!.Your friend .Josh
Thanks for sharing. I've had a down day today and I don't feel so alone now. I have my AA meeting tomorrow (providing my boy is okay to go to school he's been sick today) and I'm looking forward to that. Thinking of you and sending positive vibes for you and me:)
