-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1al07o/think_ive_hit_rock_bottom/

Hey everyone...So I've been here a few times before with false hopes of kicking the booze. On every relapse I feel that I am taking one step closer to sobriety. Last weekend I picked up a drink on Saturday afternoon a casual glass of wine after the cinema this was after 10 days of sobriety and I was feeling very very good with myself. That one glass of wine lead to a night of boozing followed by St Patrick's Day which of course meant I carried on the drinking all day. ..I woke up on Monday morning at 4AM (I passed out at 7PM the night before) and I experienced terror anxiety depression self loathing and general fear like I've never experienced it before. Yesterday was tough real tough but I honestly never want to go through anything like that again. ..The reason I've been trying to quit booze has been the severity of anxiety during my hangovers I just can't take it anymore. Depression runs in my family and although I tend to keep it at bay when I'm not drinking as soon as I start sobering up after a 'session' my mind turns to the devil and plays havoc on me. I sit there in bed at 4:30AM thinking about my life what I'm doing whether I'm doing what I want to do (I'm 25 and I work from home trying to get my own business off the ground so not knowing where the next pay slip is coming from has been causing me a fair bit of stress). I hate the anxiety and I want to feel normal again. During my 10 days of sobriety (yeah I know it's not much but I'm telling you I felt like a million bucks) I was so much happier than I ever am when I drink. I had crystal vision and could appreciate the world for what it is. That stupid first glass of wine had to ruin everything...Back to day 1. I'll be finding a local AA meeting this week (towards the weekend - it's the weekends that get me as I'm a classic binge drinker) and will be reading/posting on here more frequently...Cheers for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Pat yourself on the back for taking it another step forward. We all slip. I was on two weeks and also felt like I was fine. Then one drink turned into many and I woke up around the same time feeling like I had a heart attack. It was a massive shock and gave me a good kick in the pants to take it seriously this time. Sign up for a badge and start blogging your progress. It really helps. 
Good luck with the meeting. Do not judge AA on your first meeting as every meeting is different get a list of all the other meetings in your area  - they should have one at your first meeting and go to as many as you can particularly in the first week or month. Get phone numbers from people there so you can ring them at 4:30am when the terrors come. They'll be there to help you with sound practical advice because they've been there and they've come through it. ..Good luck - but why put it off till the weekend? You may not last that long - you couldn't go ten days on your own last time and this time it's worse isn't it?
[deleted]
&gt;I woke up on Monday morning at 4AM (I passed out at 7PM the night before) and I experienced terror anxiety depression self loathing and general fear like I've never experienced it before..Wow. Thanks for posting this. Every now and again I get a fleeting thought: "*Hey you've got it under control; you can have a beer once patio season starts again!*" ..Then I think about how I'd have to reset my badge go back to zero and start all over again. That thought is depressing as fuck. ..I have to keep reminding myself that I never once in my life wanted *one beer* or even *two beer*. I never wanted a glass of wine with dinner or a late night scotch. No I don't want a drink. I want a *drunk*. ..Like most things [the West Wing can explain it better than me](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ma3d-YdLjCs). Just look at how quick he makes the decision to have a drink. It's a millisecond. Despite the knowledge insight and the earlier rebuffs and work put in it only takes one second. 
No reason to put off the meeting until the weekend. We go to meetings to build a defense against the first drink. More meetings = more chances to hear something that will help you stay sober... Procrastination will lead to excuses as the memory of the pain of drinking quickly fades - a phenomenon I'm sure you're familiar with. 
With regard to the hangovers - I know those feels.  ..I have issues with depression/anxiety always have.  Drinking is just a bandaid over a massive gash in my psyche.  It's temporary and always leaves me in much worse shape after.  So bad are my hangovers that I immediately start drinking just to stop the dwelling/self loathing and depressions... which of course just prolongs the feelings until the next day.  REPEAT.  I'm new at this but seeing how I relate to soooooo many posts here I know I'm an alcoholic.. it's just taking me a while to come around to it and admit it to myself.  It's not easy realizing that something has more power over you than your own self its humbling.  Thank god I've found this sub.  You guys are my inspiration and support for now until I find a meeting. 
I used to think there was something wrong with me because I got so anxious during my hangovers.  Other people could get drunk all they wanted I believed and never feel any guilt about it.  So what was wrong with me?..Now I can see just how fucked that line of thought was.  I was actually jealous of alcoholics without consciences.  Wow.  
" I'll be finding a local AA meeting this week "..Rock On! 
so its interesting how you describe your hangovers... I've only ever had a couple of what I would consider "classic" hangovers but I think after reading your experience I've probably had dozens if not hundreds of anxiety hangovers!  Like my body goes in to panic mode because I don't have any alcohol... weird!..Good luck and keep in touch!
Suggest you consult with a doctor about quitting if you have extreme anxiety and/or wake with a panic attack. The body goes through a shock when withdrawing from alcohol and medical attention is sometimes needed to make it safe. Medication can be given to take at home which lessens the danger and also makes you more comfortable and likely to be successful with the process. 
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing it gives me hope to know that I'm not the only one who struggles with this kind of stuff. I just decided to stop drinking today. Good luck! 
Thanks for all the positive comments. Currently in the doctor's waiting room about to talk to them about my anxiety issues. I think trying to sort that out should be a priority for me as it leads to my excessive drinking. ..Day 3 and feeling much better than yesterday and tomorrow I'll hopefully feel better than today. 
