-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1alfsz/reflections_on_6_weeks_of_sobriety/

First off thanks to r/stopdrinking. I honestly don't know if I could have done it without you guys. Having this little group in my back pocket knowing it's there and that there are people out there that are sharing my struggles is invaluable. ..6 weeks is the longest I've been sober in probably 15 years by a long shot. And I've done so many things in that time that I didn't think I could do sober; parties social gatherings playing gigs - I survived St. Paddy's day in Boston for pete's sake I can do anything! Becoming sober - and working to accept the fact that I will now always be sober - has been quite a journey and I feel so much more able now to deal with my life with peace and clarity and thoughtfulness. ..I'm working through problems with my girl instead of getting drunk and throwing my hands up I'm sleeping better and getting more regular exercise and my anxiety levels have dropped. Every morning I'm thankful that I don't have to deal with a hangover and with that creeping dread that rises up from your gut like bile as you try to piece the night before together. I greet the morning now - even like this one in New England where I scraped 10" of snow off my car while it rained ice pellets (WTF??) - with hope and a clear-eyed optimism. ..I see my habits for what they were a destructive cycle of anxiety-causing and anxiety-alleviating self-perpetuating stagnation not allowing me to move on from pain I've experienced or grow as a person. And it's allowed me to see *just how badly* I handle alcohol and how for me it's a dangerous and destructive drug. It's allowed me to understand just how wildly I was deluding myself when I drank 15 beers in a night and pretended it was normal; how I had myself convinced that waking up with a brutal hangover 4 times a week wasn't an indication of a problem. I was managing to hold my life together but I was just surviving -- certainly not thriving...So thanks and I wanted to share with you a list of mantras little messages I tell myself and reflect on I've begun to write and reference when things are confusing. And the first and most important one aptly is:..Alcohol is NOT your friend...Your inadequacies perceived or real do not make you ineligible for happiness...You don't start from zero every time you take a misstep...You don't have to be perfect...When considering criticism ask yourself: Is it true? Is it kind? Is it necessary?..Don't try to fix other people. ..Practice yoga as often as possible...Don't be afraid to ask for help...Worry and excitement are closer kin than you think -- practice traversing the gap.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!  Congrats on 6 weeks... that's fantastic..Acceptance was really difficult for me but once I was there it made life a whole lot easier and better.
Excellent!! Thanks for these thoughts to help keep my resolve clear today!.
Much more to come
Tremendous stuff.   You are in great shape mentally.  Thank you for sharing and please keep posting!   And congrats on 42!
6 weeks is great!  Congrats 
Congrats man!
[deleted]
As this is the first day of my sobriety I am so excited about not waking up with a terrible hangover tomorrow. Great post!
As someone who is restarting the journey of sobriety once again (waiting on my badge to get changed) thank you for your inspiring words.
