-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1arm31/question_for_the_secret_drinkers/

How did you tell your SO or other people close to you?   I'm struggling with telling my wife the true reason I'm not drinking.  I don't want to admit to the lies and decietfulness I have used.  We have a good marriage and things like addiction scare her because she doesn't understand it.
----------immediate responses--------

How about telling someone else instead?  - it's just as good. That's how AA works - you admit it to another ex-drunk (a sponsor) and you admit it to others (in meetings)...No-one need know you go to AA - they take anonymity and confidentiallity very seriously there (lives depend on it). AA is a 12 step program - Step 9 is where you admit your wrongs to people you have harmed there are eight steps that preceed this step so don't go rushing around telling your SO and other people until it's the right time too. ..Good Luck - you'll find your local AA helpline in the phone book/google and they'll tell you where your local meetings are. You'll be safe talking about your drinking there and with complete anonymity...
Outside of friends in recovery I haven't told anyone my big reason for quitting. As far as anyone in the outside world is concerned I quit because I wanted to live a healthier life which is true. Though it probably wouldn't bother me too much to find out what opinions people have about addiction and recovery I have no interest in finding out so I just keep it private. On the other hand problems with honesty are partly what got me into trouble in the first place so I do think there is a certain responsibility to eventually admit the truth to those we affected and more importantly make things right. I'm not there yet myself but the longer I stay sober the better I feel about showing people I really mean it when I do come clean. Either way staying sober is a good start.
Secrets keep us sick. The pain and angst you are probably feeling are most likely more harmful to your sobriety than the discomfort of disclosing your alcoholism. ..Have you said it outloud to anyone? I still remember the first time I said it outloud. I felt so much lighter.
You absolutely do NOT have to tell any particular person.   Specifically if it would make you feel lousy.  Recovery is not about making yourself feel lousy.   That would be a bad idea...What a lot of people recommend and I happen to agree is telling SOMEONE.   It is just a tremendous relief to say the words out loud.  Especially to a supportive person who knows exactly what you are talking about.  You can do this through AA other groups or a therapist.   Personally I think typing it into this sub-reddit counts.   Hell just say the words to a mirror.  It just helps...As for your SO feel free to tell them you quit for better health better energy better sex better work ethic a better relationship a bigger bank account all of the above.   Tell them alcohol just doesn't interest you any more.   I imagine this would be well-received.
A.A. step 9 cautions you to not use "solutions" that hurt other people. If the truth will hurt her then share it with someone else. Why does she need to know anyway? Surely she'll just be happy to have happy and sober you around.
No I didn't . I think it held me back that I didn't too. I'm struggling with a relapse at the moment but no one around me including my wife really knows its a relapse because no one knew I had a problem so no one knew I quit so no one knew it was a problem when I took another drink. .I think telling someone helps generate a sense of commitment that you can't create in private.
I understand very well this issue because I had similar toughts about my wife. As others have suggested step nine tells a lot about this and I suggest you look at the 12/12 book (12 steps and 12 traditions) where you will learn that while we strive for honnesty some areas of our lives need judgement. There are some issues that are simly not meant t po be shared with them for their own sake.
