-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1b08ro/made_it_to_50_days_now_just_the_rest_of_my_life/

I know I should be a lot happier than I am about making it this far but the truth is that it feels like it's taken a long time to get just this far and when I look at some of everyon else's badges it just drives home how much further there is to go...Soon the last effects of any physical addiction should have completely left my system but again mine was much more a psychological addiction and that is probably just as strong as ever...It is at least becoming more normal for me to just not drink and it feels less like I'm a freak if I go out and everyone around me is getting drunk while I'm still on lime and soda. And the effect on my wallet has been astounding!..So I'm still strugglin but I've made it this far. I think I can make another 50 days. And then another. And then another. And maybe at some point I can stop counting and the number on my badge is just a curiosity to me.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Congrats.  Getting a contact high from other people's drinking is one of the funner things for me.
Congrats! Don't get demotivated by other's badges the way is the goal!
There's an old zen saying: when you get to the top of the mountain keep climbing ;-)
I try to keep the number of days thing in perspective.  Maybe one of the things that alcoholics have in common is the race to the finish line.  I wanted so badly to get to that perfect amount of drunk...As the days rack up try to enjoy the moment.  It's probably one of the reasons that AA promotes the "don't drink for 24 hours" mantra.  Don't worry about the last 50 days or the next 50 500 or 5000 days.  Just worry about today.  Don't drink today.  And while not drinking play some tennis learn a programming language read a book learn dancing enjoy the journey!..If your goal is to make it to day 100 you might miss the awesomeness of day 51!..Great job on 50 days.  Keep it up!
.Comparing where you should and/ or could be with either other people or some internal mythic bar of achievement is something I ca n s l o w l y learn to let go of; but has been a leap to living my life from the inside out rather then the eternal trophy quest of alcoholic yore. *Everything*  was image. The goal (for me) is living  and living sober helps me to be alive. ..learning to stay conscious was/is bringing everything down to this moment minute by minute if needs be ..hang in there .
Take a moment and reflect on your awesome accomplishment there will be ups and downs learn to realize that the down moments will pass congrats keep up the good work!
