-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1b5vci/not_the_right_time_to_be_a_first_time_poster/

As in 23 days after my last drink and I'm drunk again after some family drama unbalanced me.  ..Previous to this record of 23 days (was vry proud of this 12 hours ago) the longest I ever went without getting drunk since age 22 (16 years ago) was 7 days.  I dodged many bullets and was always a functional drinker (adv degrees and work).  ..The questions are:.1. I have been to AA mtgs in the past.  They did not click for me.  I read Carr's book and it really turned me around (until now).  Carr discounts AA but reading Carr by yourself = 0 fellowship.  Any thoughts regarding this?.2.  Okay. re relapses.  I felt I was safe had a new (well really a formerly common) stressor started to plot and scheme about drinking and here I am again.  WTF when can you let down the guard?..23 days all is cool and this can happen beware my friends.
----------immediate responses--------

Give yourself some credit. It's damn hard to change and 23 days is something you can build on. It's taken me a lot of tries and many others here say so as well. As long as you can learn what you can do differently you move forward. ..Can't answer about AA. On your second question I've found it helpful to accumulate tools tricks knowledge and support. Identifying your triggers and planning in advance what you will do about them may help. Getting support--friends sponsor meeting whatever--may also be a powerful tool. I'm not sure about "letting down the guard"--I think of it more as getting used to being sober. (I have had a previous long sober period.) Then it becomes ingrained. That takes time and you'll discover what works in your life. ..Back on the horse--you're doing right by working this and asking questions. Hang in there--the first days are truly hard.
it sounds like you learned your lesson. .if i may i had one of the hardest days ever at my job yesterday. .i was sure the system was agsinst me and i started the merry go round up in my head..my stomach was on fire i was moody and stressed and all i could think about was a nice cold beer. ..that would've compounded the problem which is why i didn't drink. ..i agree about having sober peers with or without AA but you have to give it time because even with a slip up it's a constant work in progress...i won't be drinking tonight and i'll think of you PechorinLA.
&gt;I'm drunk again after some family drama unbalanced me..Did getting drunk fix the drama? Did it get better? Did it get worse maybe? There's an adage around here: There are no problems that drinking does not make worse. ..Also you *chose* to drink. Family drama was your convenient excuse. Nothing *caused* you to put alcohol in your mouth and drink it. You could have gone to the gym instead. You made a choice. If you're going to try again next time when you're confronted with drama don't choose to drink. 
[deleted]
Try AA again; if you don't like local meetings try on-line meetings.  Fellowship listening to other people will get you motivated...Also if you're in LA there are lots of different meetings.  Go to 90 in 90 days and I'm sure you'll find a friend/sponsor.
Right now is always the right time. 23 days is a great start and I'm sure you learned lots about yourself and staying sober through it. Have you really thought about why you think you picked up again? You can get to 23 days (and beyond!) again but you will probably have to do something different this time around. Now is a great time to start figuring that out!
&gt;Carr discounts AA..I just got the book this week and haven't completed it yet but from my understanding Carr doesn't necessarily discount AA...There really isn't much out there concerning a fellowship of addicts other than SMART and AA...I'm in-between sponsors at the moment but have a rather decent network of folks that I met at AA who are similar to me.  That didn't happen by going to 1-60 meetings...it took a lot of time and a lot of different meeting sites...I'm lucky that my area has TONS of meetings all over the place that allows me to really weed out the people I don't click with...Be kind to yourself - You've stumbled but you've got up and dusted yourself off and ready to fight some more.  Good Luck and best wishes!
My first attempt went 40 days and then family drama derailed me.  That was two years ago.   When I think back I just felt powerless.  I felt like I had a shitty family who would always dump on me and I was stuck with them til I died so life was horrible and always would be so fuck it might as well just live in another world and get hammered...And this might have made a tiny amount of sense if I was 16 and living in their house under the command of my parents and older siblings.  But I'm 40 with my own house wife and kids.  So it was beyond retarded...If I had anyone to talk to this would have been obvious.  Doing it alone it was not and I caved to my inner alcohol salesman.   Without fellowship my days were numbered.   I was an easy mark.   You have to have other alcoholics to talk to or you will cave for a stupid reason at some point...As for when you can safely drink again the answer is never.  Alcoholism is progressive.  Once you need to be drunk to be "happy" you will never be satisfied with a single beer after work like civilians are.   A single beer will just piss you off.   So it is time to be done with all that horrible crap and find true happiness sober.
We're "23 day" brothers.  That is how long I made it before I relapsed.  Whatever you do to get going again Carr AA Yoga hanging upside down like a bat whatever it is just pick yourself up and keep going.  You know you can make it 23 days you'll be back there in no time.  
Thanks for the supportive comments.  I'm going to power on and defeat this permanently.
AA did not jive with me either. That being said try different types of AA meetings SMART recovery and/or life ring (preferably and) meetings. Find a group you relate to that makes you happy. You might be able stay sober on your own but finding others you click with that are alcoholics helps make staying sober easier and more enjoyable. 
