-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bxnn4/what_i_learned_from_5_years_of_drunkenness_and_5/

I'm male 30 years old and about 5 months sober now. I'm not even sure about the exact date that I stopped drinking. Back when I had just stopped I used to count the days and it took me a few weeks before any day was just _a day_ and not _a sober day_. I had been drinking heavily for about 5 years up to a bottle of vodka a day in the end. I tried to stop countless times but could never stick with it for more than a couple of days....Thinking about what I've done differently the last time it wasn't that much but I think it made all the difference:...* I told most of my friends and family I was going to quit drinking. I didn't admit to being an alcoholic to everyone but I made a point of telling them I intended to stop. This helped a lot because it ruled out a lot of situations in which I could have picked up...* All of a sudden I had developed polyneuropathy (numbness and tingling sensation in my hands and feet). It scared the crap out of me and even though I continued to drink for a while it eventually made me realize what I was doing to my body. So this time I stopped with a passionate hatred for alcohol not just because of rational thoughts telling me I should stop...* I had intense cravings in the evenings for the first few weeks. Drinking had always been my reward for a hard day or any day for that matter and around 5 or 6 pm I always started to get nervous. I read somewhere that glutamine was supposed to help with the cravings and boy did it. I'm not sure if it was placebo effect or not but I recommend it to anyone quitting. It's easily available and doesn't have any side-effects and in my case 1 or 2 teaspoons in a glass of water eased the cravings pretty quickly....So with these 5 months of sobriety behind me and many more such months before me let me summarize what I've learned....The Good:...* I'm becoming myself again. I'm slowly learning to enjoy my life without the need for alcohol...* Just the thought that I finally managed to quit makes me happy every single day...* My polyneuropathy has all but disappeared...* Though my personal life is far from perfect right now I don't have any trouble not drinking. I have no intention of ever picking up again and after the first few weeks (which were really hard) it got ridiculously easy...* I can drink beer all day long without a guilty conscience. I'm talking about alcohol-free beer of course. (It doesn't make me relapse but apparently it has that effect on some so be careful.)..* I'm a regular at the gym now and I don't think I've ever felt fitter in my life. I get compliments too. Feels good man....The Bad:...* I can't drink anymore in social situations. I'm a very outgoing guy I used to party a lot and my life has changed dramatically after I quit. I'm still getting used to it. (I do enjoy the occasional bong hit but knowing I have a history of substance abuse I try to be careful.)..* Long-term alcoholism has a certain effect on your brain's reward center which means for a while after quitting I hardly felt pleasure in anything. It's kind of weird realizing that whatever I loved to do I only loved because I was drinking at the time. It's been getting better though and I hope it'll eventually subside...* In my experience people will not give you a pat on the shoulder for being able to quit. I was never in an AA meeting or the like so YMMV. In my case friends and family accepted it a few complained others laughed some encouraged me but since I don't know any other alcoholics I never felt like someone had an actual idea about what I was going through and how much it meant to me....The Ugly:...* Withdrawal symptoms. Fuck them. The first few sober days were the worst I've ever felt in my life. I wouldn't do it on my own again given the choice - _please be safe and see a doctor if you want to stop_. I saw a neurologist a few weeks later and she had a hard time believing I even managed to stop on my own given the amount I was used to drinking...* I've been suffering from anxiety disorder for years and it turns out I was actually self-medicating with alcohol. My anxiety has returned with a vengeance after I stopped drinking. I'm on proper meds now again and slowly getting better...* My polyneuropathy has all but disappeared - I listed this as Good because it certainly is but from what I understand the little that is left will remain which sucks. I try to see it as a reminder to the harm I've done to myself...* Drinking heavily for so long has definitely had a negative effect on my brain. I tend to misspell words when typing (something I never used to do) I'm not as eloquent as I used to be (I really was no kidding) and I can't for the life of me remember what I had for dinner yesterday. I think it's getting a bit better now compared to a few months ago but I doubt it will go back to how it was before....Anyway that's my experience. Thanks for taking the time to read it. If you find typos or anything that's what drinking has done to me also I'm not a native English speaker. ;)...TL;DR: I quit and so should you (unless of course you already have in which case kudos to you).
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome.  Thanks for the post.  I'm right behind you!..&gt; All of a sudden I had developed polyneuropathy..I had that to a certain extent in my left hand.  It's completely gone...Keep it up!
Very informative thanks for the write up! Great job!
Can you talk a bit more about the non-alcoholic beer (or anyone else who drinks it)?..I have toyed with the idea but it always seems like a bad one for some reason. What has been your experience with it? What made you decide to try it?
Thanks for sharing! Your story is but another reminder of why I don't want to drink anymore
I'm gonna pick up some glutamine tonight.
Awesome status report. I read an article a few weeks ago on this subreddit how alcohol doesn't necessarily cause long-term damages to the brain as much as we originally thought. I feel my sharpness and memory coming back but like you not quite at the levels during the pre-booze days. I hope another few years down the line will tell a better story...
Very eloquent and well written thanks. Congratulations on your sobriety.
I had numbness in my right foot and leg. It took several months to go away. Now at almost 9 months sober it is completely gone...I drank heavily for about 14 years before stopping...Congrats:)
You must feel so proud of yourself - brilliant.
Thanks for that very inspiring..The brain is plastic. It will take a while but it will rewire and fix itself. Use brain training exercises take B1 supplements and look up some research on brain plasticity. A year ago a colloquium I went to showed promising benefits from nicotine and low dose amphetamines on speeding up neurogenesis in rats. ..NOTE: I am NOT encouraging anyone to start ingesting nicotine or amphetamines. They are very addictive and harmful drugs. I am saying that there is research on improving memories and executive capacity in stroke and ABI victims. The research is encouraging to those worried about permanent brain damage. 
This should be required reading for everyone who says... what do?!?!..You are eloquent just don't have the booze making you feel as loquacious and grandiloquent as you thought you were. Personally I wrote and said and planned a ton of dumb shit when drinking. Now when that "let's build a space shuttle and open a bar in outer space!" talk stars I'm already out the door.
Excellent post. Thanks for writing this for us...Add me to the polyneuropathy crowd. Almost sixteen months after quitting I still have a little bit of it in my feet mostly the left. Like the OP I think of it as a reminder of what I did to myself and a good thing to point to the next time I'm wondering if I have the self-control to have just one or if I'm really an alcoholic.
I freaking love glutamine. I have been taking it since I quit. Another benefit is it helps with muscle repair after workouts and bolsters the immune system. I actually have been doing amino acid therapy in general based on a book by Julia Ross The Diet Cure. It has helped immensely. ..I feel ya on the brain stuff. I was always excellent with words and spelling when I was younger. I find myself often searching for words now and having to google correct spelling more often than I would care to admit. I'm hoping that goes away over time. I try not to worry about it too much because in general I am so much happier and I love myself so much more now that no matter what I am better today than I was 60 days ago...Thank you for posting. An NA cheers to you!
