-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cnodx/109_today_another_prime_number/

I almost relapsed today. Rough pressure from work and my side jobs. This when I would reward myself only commute home.  Off the train at one stop pick up wine or scotch stop at a bar drink a few get on the train at the next stop get home then drink it all. ..Tonight got off the train picked up groceries grabbed a bottle of wine with a screw top because they are faster to open and then put it down.  Put it back down I did.  ..Now it is my friend Tylenol PM...I sure wish it were easier.  
----------immediate responses--------

Oh the wine with the screw of cap. How many times have I partied with that wine? I still look at it in the grocery and convenient stores and every now and then I think "I could slurp it down in minutes in an alley and NO ONE would ever know." But I would know. And I know it wouldn't stop there. And I know no matter how shitty my day was it will only get worse if I were to drink. Congrats on putting down the bottle friend. Next time you feel your hand creeping towards that bottle grab your phone and call a sober friend and tell them exactly what is going on. 
Punishment! Reward! Punishment! There must be something out there that will make all of this suffering worthwhile....Except that reward... you know it's not real. It's just grabbing at something that was never there for you in the first place. Think about the hangovers think about the money think about the wasted years. No reward is worth this...Glad you are still solid Bucky. I love your posts and would be saddened to see you with a reset badge.. 
I'm glad that you powered through those urges today. It always brightens my day to see you get to your next prime number. It literally puts a smile on my face. Stay strong 111 is only days away.
there is a sentence that clanged in my brain from last night's meeting "I have freedom now". this resonated with me a great deal - I have choices now that wern't an option. I had no choices when I was active. Hang tight. Hug. 
Damn.  Good job Buckmonster.  That's a lot of willpower.  You had it in your hands and were able to resist.  I think that shows you that you can do it under extreme pressure...Hang in there man.  And keep it up!
Good job man!
