-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cqias/it_starts_today/

I went out last night intending on having two drinks and going home and instead stayed out until 5am made out with a strange guy in a strip club smoked a cigarette (I quit smoking two years ago) missed an important breakfast and have spent a day in bed feeling like complete shit when I really can't afford to waste time. And blew my budget...I figure quitting alcohol is probably the best move. I used to binge and party a lot and I've racked up quite a number in drunken one night stands. I've been arrested and kicked out of the casino for causing a fuss. I have certainly changed my life a lot since then and while I have proven to be capable of "having a couple" and going home I clearly have some sort of issue with alcohol. It's not as bad as a lot of people struggling with alcoholism but I just don't want to have this happen anymore...Any word of advice would be greatly appreciated. Many thanks!..EDIT: Thank you for your support and advice! I rang my local AA today... we had a conversation about lifelong abstinence and perhaps I'd like to just do a period of time. I am running a half marathon in four months so I think I'll have that be my goal for abstinence and go from there. It's great that this community is here supporting each other!
----------immediate responses--------

You took a great first step realizing that just "a couple" isn't really something you can do.  That's a big piece of moving forward.  Regardless of how deep anyone's struggle is with alcohol if we can't stop at a couple we shouldn't start at all.  This sub is a great place for support too: I recommend taking the assessment on the sidebar and reading through some of the Saturday Share posts.  Get yourself a badge and use it to motivate yourself.  Try out a meeting: AA or SMART.  Find a "sober buddy" to check in with.  Use all the resources available to you and you'll find a caring group of people with remarkably similar stories who are willing to help.  ..Most of all feel welcome here and know that you can do this.
Tatiana it sounds like you can't predict what's going to happen once you take a drink. You say that you are capable of having a couple drinks but sometimes like last night things get out of hand. You recognize that you have some sort of issue with alcohol.  ..Coming to that conclusion is great! If you feel there's an issue then there's almost certainly an issue.  ..You're not the first person that's had this problem and you asked for advice so here it is:  ..Go and talk to someone that has experienced this same problem and dealt with it. There's a bunch of here at /stopdrinking but I recommend you speak to someone face-to-face. It's more immediate interaction and more personal than this message forum. You can find them any day of the week at an AA meeting. You don't need to sit through the whole meeting all you need to do is ask "I would like to speak to someone here about my relationship with alcohol. Can anyone spare a few minutes?"..I hope you do it.
Congratulations on taking the hardest step in recovery admitting you have a problem...It sounds to me like you've recognized it early before it escalated to a more serious place which is fantastic.  My drinking problem never got better with time only worse.  Life only got better for me once I quit and started trying to get healthy...Welcome to your first day of sobriety :)
