-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1crrly/arent_i_supposed_to_feel_way_better/

So I stopped drinking mid-March and have now been a bit over a month without booze. This is the longest I've ever gone without drinking since I was probably 18 or so so over a decade. I wasn't a raging alcoholic or anything but would have 2-6 beers every night and then get wiped out one or two weekend days. (This may be underreporting a bit but not hugely.) It never really affected my worklife or anything but it did figure into my plans (eg. will I be able to drink where I'm going am I going to have enough booze to get me through x experience - that sort of thing). I also found myself saying "I won't drink tonight" and then suddenly I'd be at the bottle shop. I found alcohol had wormed its way into my life in the same way cigarettes had in the past. So for example I would feel that a movie wasn't a movie unless you had a few beers or a third of a bottle of whiskey with it. Pizza wasn't pizza without a beer etc. etc. ..I stopped drinking as an experiment because I was uncomfortable with the fact the most I'd gone without booze for a decade was probably five days once or twice and that was it. I also just wanted to see what it was like...The first month wasn't that hard because I had decided to do it for a month. Now the month is over I'm reassessing my relationship with alcohol. Do I want to be the guy who never drinks again? I like the taste of beer and whiskey I like the social aspect and I like the feeling it gives me. But I don't like feeling like a slave and I struggle to believe I'm the sort of person who can (for example) have a six pack of beer in the fridge sitting there for a month or two and only have one or two once in a blue moon when a mate comes over or something. That's just not my personality or it hasn't been in the past. I think in my life I've managed to control it to a point where it's not a major issue but on the other hand no matter how tiny a monkey on your back is it's still a monkey on your back right?..Anyway I've made no firm commitment beyond that month so every day now feels like "am I going to drink today?" and so far I've been deciding "no" just because what's the point in going a month without booze just to start hitting it again immediately. That doesn't show that you've controlled it at all or changed it just shows you've managed to grit your teeth and bear it for a month and then oh thank god I can drink again...I realise that in comparison to some of you guys this may seem quite trivial or a minor story. It's just I'm sort of at a crossroads now...I guess what's surprised me most is that I don't actually feel much better after this month. I was expecting to become a lot more clear headed and energetic but so far I have not experienced much more clarity or change apart from just not getting hangovers and so on. Maybe that is just a sign that I wasn't that badly impacted by alcohol in the beginning and the lack of clarity is associated with something else? I have experienced depression in the past so maybe it's always been more associated with that than the drinking...Anyway I guess I didn't expect to write all that out but it just happened. I would appreciate any thoughts. Especially on where I should go from here in terms of recommitting or just taking it one day at a time or how to best define any new relationship with alcohol. I'd also appreciate guidance on what I'm supposed to be feeling like after a month whether it's normal to not have any major lift in psychology energy or clarity and whether that's something I can expect in the future if I continue to be a non-drinker...I hope this post aligns with the spirit of this forum. Thanks..
----------immediate responses--------

I am so glad you posted.  I too stopped because I was tired of thinking about it tired of how important it was.  ..I'm not good at the concept of one day at a time.  I decided to keep recommitting for shorter periods.  First was 30 days then 90.  Now I'm okay with six months and I'm pretty sure I'm okay with a year.  Not thinking about after that.  I'll think about it when I get closer...I don't think I was physically addicted.  I didn't have any withdrawal other than being annoyed and scared of quitting. And I haven't had huge positive physical changes from quitting.  But...I am developing greater peace of mind.  I find that although I am at times more weepy and uncertain than I was before I also feel more free.  So far that's enough to keep me going...One great thing I learned from smartrecovery.org was to write a heirarchy of values--the five most important things in my life.  When I look at it I find alcohol does not improve any of them and in some case opposes them.  I miss alcohol sometimes.  But it won't give me what I want. What I want are the things on my heirarchy.  So I'm okay continuing to abstain. 
Hi !   Not trivial at all. I am 33 years old your story is very similar to mine. Add in dry heaves many mornings.    I was also becoming an isolated self center asshole at times when drinking.  I could take days off drinking when I wanted but always came back. ..I would recommend some reading to educate yourself more about the science and progressiveness of alcoholism.   Check out "Beyond the Influence". ..Your story describes exactly where I have been the past 5 years.  I felt it begin to get a bit more out of hand and heavy at times. the magic of alcohol started to fade and go away. The need to get more drunk to keep that monkey off my back increased. IMO moderation never became easier only harder   . It showed up as a necessity not as a want..I wish you luck and wish I had truly figured this out and educated myself 5 or 6 years ago. 
When I stopped in the past; once for three years &amp; once for seven years I replaced drinking &amp; making alcohol with a lot of physical exercise&amp; that made me feel physically better...Unfortunately the idea of drinking never really left my mind as an obsession that next time would be different. I'm married kids successful financially but when I drink it's normally a lot more--always a lot more than anyone else I've ever met...If you continue to drink and get drunk you will become dependent it is addictive. Alcoholic withdrawal is not pretty. ..Right now you don't sound so bad that's good. Being irritable restless and discontent without the comfort and ease that comes by taking a couple or more drinks is natural for someone with a dependence...When I stopped before it was much easier compared to this time when I was fully physically dependent. Good luck.
When I stopped drinking I was in your boat. I gave myself 30 days. After a short while I felt better. I can't really pinpoint the origin of the clarity and energy because I also reinvented my life in other ways as well. I started hitting the gym like a bastard I got up way earlier in the morning I began making long and short term goals. I was vigilant over my emotions my energy and my time. I reinvented myself at work got my finances under control began living like an adult and became about 50 times more productive on a whole. After that 30 days I was glowing so I just kept going. As I sit here right now I am (almost) in the best shape of my life I'm a star at work I just got my second raise in six months and I feel quite a peace even if I am sitting alone at home on my computer on a Saturday night. ..See I think that just stopping drinking is only one step in making life better. For me booze was an escape. It was how I avoided dealing with myself. There were cracks in the foundation and I needed to fix them. Now that I feel I have a solid foundation I can start building. I know that for me booze will not help me get there (quite the opposite). ..In short I think that feeling way better is about what you're putting in. Without change there is no change. 
Hi Nothanks..I appreciate your post but respectfully I would like to say that it seems you are rationalizing. The myth of "I was never that bad" is one of the most dangerous an alcoholic can hold. This comment explains it better than I can:..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/..Best luck on your journey.
My best friend stopped just like you for a couple of years.  He started drinking again a few years back.  Look just take some real time off.  Think to yourself "It will always be there later."  Figure out now what is missing in your life that you were trying to drown.  I mean why can't pizza be a pizza?  A movie a movie? 
I don't know if it helps at all but I found that for me the first month was kind of just picking up the pieces. Exercising more regularly cooking good meals cleaning out the fridge not waiting til the last minute to run errands pay bills do chores etc. My life wasn't a complete mess on the outside or anything but I wasn't taking care of myself and the details as I should. The first month was good but the second month was better. I say give it another 30 days and see what happens : ) I like marjin's idea of if forever seems undesirable committing for shorter periods at a time. I have definitely experienced a lift in mood and energy (of course the good food and exercise has a huge impact) but my brain still feels fuzzy at times. I've asked a few people on this subreddit and it seems like I've heard about 3 months to dust them brains off. Lets hope ha! 
Hey I feel like you. Like the problem had not got to the point where I'm having serious physical withdrawal but have had an expensive and often embarrassing ten year love affair with the stuff. The way I see it is that nobody who gets to the point where they literally can't function without it never plans to get to that stage. Maybe I'll be able to carry on drinking the way I do/did and never get to that stage maybe I'll be unlucky. ..One of the posters on here replied to one of my posts that it can only get worse never better if it carries on and I thi this is true. I tnk for me having some alcoholic family members and my partner having some friends and family members provides a useful reference point. Some are functioning some are dead some are alive but not doing great. ..None of them planned this they just never realised it wasa problem. I think it is important to realise it is a problem before it becomes too big to solve...
[deleted]
When I first stopped drinking I actually felt worse for awhile probably since I finally had to face all the shit I was drowning out with alcohol. I questioned if constant crying and my crushing anxiety/depression was really any better than drinking. I only felt better when I started learning coping mechanisms to replace the self-medication. If you've gotten to the point where sobriety is the best option for you I'd wager that your issue at the moment is depression not that alcohol wasn't really affecting you. For me drugs/alcohol have held me back tremendously in dealing with my mood disorder so I think you're making a great choice...I totally get the "slave" mentality. I'm going back to sobriety hopefully for good and I already feel a lightness just from not having to make that choice of "will I-won't I." I've also had the "that guy/girl that doesn't drink" fear but in reality my friends have been super supportive and non-judgmental. If you surround yourself with the right kinds of people your non-drinking might eventually be viewed as something as benign as "Oh right nothanks doesn't eat pizza."
