-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cs241/aa_and_tough_love/

Something's been troubling me more and more about AA lately.  It's the idea of tough love.  I don't understand it...Last night a friend of mine came to a meeting in rough shape.  He's been in recovery nearly as long as I have and he tried to score this week.  The second he starts telling other members this he started getting people saying "Well why didn't you call me?" "Why do you keep tempting fate?" "Next time just don't do it"...Afterwards he another member and I grabbed coffee with him.  He started sharing his struggles with God and faith.  Almost immediately the other member interrupts "Well how about you just decide to believe?" "How about just start praying?" "Make your higher power whatever you want".  The guy didn't even get a full chance to share what's bothering him...This shit pisses me off.  Addiction/alcoholism is an irrational bitch of a problem.  All this talk about tough love really irks me because personally I don't believe any alcoholic/addict needs any more voices pointing out how bad their behaviour is.  The tape in their head is loud enough if they're anything like me...What I need in recovery is love.  I have people in my life that when I have a tough time listen don't criticize and empathize.  ..Tough love to me seems like BS. It's a short-cut around empathy a way to avoid talking about what's actually going on with somebody...I believe recovery should be built around love empathy compassion and understanding.  Each of our journeys through recovery is different and having people there who aren't going to treat me like a cookie-cutter alcoholic with one size fits all solutions is what helps me along my way everyday...This is just my opinion on the matter but I felt the need to share tonight.  What do you guys think?..I hope everyone has a great sober 24 hours.
----------immediate responses--------

Dr. Bob would agree with you...Love and Service
When I get into the tough love way I know something is going on with me. And usually its based in fear. I get scared I react and tough love comes out...There are all sorts of people in AA all reacting and acting to other people's trials. I think it speaks more of what they are personally going through...and I think it comes from a place of fear...I totally relate to this. I was thrown off by being told that I'd "come to believe in God" to just "wait it will happen do what you can in the meantime." There was this belief this fear that I needed to follow one path in recovery in  order for me to stay sober. I don't buy it...It's pretty uncomfortable to hear someone going through hell and almost using. I imagine that's why people try to stop the conversation.
[deleted]
Generally people share what worked/works for them.  Some respond better to tough love some don't.  In my experience the ones who do have surrendered and are more interested in solutions rather then remaining mired in/focusing on their problems *respond better to the "tough love"*...edit - added italic stuff.  
Thanks for venting you are right.  I don't recall attending any Well Peoples Anonymous meetings recently.  ..People tend to blurt out their BS phrases when they are in a group - it's fear based even though it comes across as assholery - and it's NOT tough love...True AA twelve step work comes about one-on-one when all the grandstanding and sound bites fall away and a person shares from the heart what they feel they MUST say despite the fear that what they say will cause pain for both the listener and the speaker.  That is true tough love.
There are guys who would offer money to guys telling them to go get done. A lot of these people at AA meetings have two opinions on every issue. I'm glad you're a friend to this guy. You might be the only lending hand he has bud
That kind of attitude killed my willingess to go to AA for the longest time. I didn't feel wanted or listened to. It didn't help that I wasn't Ultra Super Believing in God Alcoholic; I'm Pagan and as I had encountered my Pagan-ness was anathema to AA philosophy...Turns out that I had to look deeper into AA and to my brethren to find those who follow the same Path I do who are also in recovery. It's difficult but it is possible...Blessed be.
You write well.  Thanks for posting.
&gt;"Well why didn't you call me?" "Why do you keep tempting fate?" "Next time just don't do it"."Well how about you just decide to believe?" "How about just start praying?" "Make your higher power whatever you want"..This isn't even tough love it's detrimental to your friend's recovery. These people should shut their mouths. ..I have seen people relapse more times than I can count. And the helpful advice to them is to keep it in the basics. Give them your phone number or tell them they can call you anytime also to tell them to keep coming back. ..From what I experienced is that when someone relapses dozens of times  sometimes the best thing to do is nothing at all and let them get honest with themselves. 
I'm having troubles with that too. Most people aren't really "tough love" on me but lots of times (but not all) when people talk to me about my problems they just repeat topic ending cliches. I don't think anyone owes it to me to help me with my problems but I get tired of people asking to help me and then just tell me to go tell my sponsor/ pray. Its as if my car broke down and someone comes up asking if I need help. Then I say "yeah that would be great." and then they say "ok well there is a mechanic over in the next town over." and then leaves. ..I get that HP's are very helpful but my HP isn't the same as everyone elses. They said my HP could be whatever I want it to be but mine doesn't grant wishes just because I pray about it. 
My many many years of heavy involvement with AA groups ranging from really bad groups with low sobriety to hardcore "AA nazis" ( yup other groups referred to this particular group as that )  is that AA sucks. people however can range from awesome to .. meh.
You wrote this really well. I've always worked the program and my religious beliefs and thank God for that second group. ..When life hit the fan and I was "disturbed" at what was going on (not acting out just... Hurting) I had a lot of people respond with "tough love" that felt nothing like love. A few of the older decade plus sober women in my life were empathetic and real with me about my pain but a lot of people were just... Jerks. It sucked to realize that. It was as if I had been T-boned in a car accident where the other driver ran a red light and the people in AA were saying "well it was your choice to drive." Yes it was. And I had a license and followed the rules and sometimes things still go wrong. Trying to put me at fault for it.. Is twisted. I know I have to focus on my recovery and that means admitting that I can do everything right on my side of the street and it can still go to hell and it doesn't have to end in hell anymore. ..I'm really thankful I had other people to support me during that time. Because a lot of people don't and they go back out.  I was talking to a sponsee tonight about some of the rougher emotional stuff in sobriety and she's had a big emotional breakthrough recently and it's not going to be a one time thing. This is a feeling she's (unfortunately) going to have to deal with in waves. And it doesn't mean she did anything wrong about how she handled her feelings it just means there's more to come. I'm so proud of her and she's awesomely brave so when people pull tough love on her I know they're not listening. And you're right items usually fear based...So often folks in AA like to one-and-done fourth step stuff and some of it is. But some of that stuff especially if it's family-of-origin/adoption related will have to be dealt with more than once. That's not bad recovery that's real recovery. ..On a side note when people start becoming emotional again they aren't finally being "authentic" and "honest." They've been honest and authentic the whole time they're just changing and growing into something new. Being different doesn't mean the last phase wasn't real too. ..I'm glad that there are people like you in the rooms and I'm glad you were able to be the welcoming hand of AA to your friend. Please stay in the rooms to share that gift some more. It saves lives.
I've had these experiences and many of the others written about here in the comments. One thing that irks me even more. The ones who say "why didn't you call me" will be just as harmful hypocritical and unhelpful when you call them as if you didn't. They don't care about the struggling member what they care about is their "service". They can justify this bad behavior by saying things like "he didn't do what he was told" etc. These hypocrites are exclusively christian and have it all figured out that if they do this the get to go to heaven and they could care less about us. ..I'm sorry but even the best AA group I have ever been to in 20years all over the country has been filled with these people. I'm going to be in SF sometime this summer I'm told it isn't like that there I'll be interested to see. I still occasionally attend AA if only to be reminded how far i have come in 2.5 years sober I just wish people like me didn't have to spend 18 years harmfully drunk to figure a way past these evil people. 
 When I was first in AA with no wish to stay sober I really liked the people who were patting my back and telling me...'there there princess everything will be all righ't....who would rub my back every time I drank.      I did not like the people who said things like...'what did you think was going to happen'.   And then after a few months of pain and hurting  things changed.  And I really wanted to stay sober and I stayed as far away from the people who wanted to 'love me sober' as possible.   Because I wanted to stay sober and I needed tough love.  I needed people around me who would call me on my shit.   Who wouldn't feed my self pity and my self centerdness and who would make me answer the question..'why didn't you call me'...honestly  with the answer...'I didn't call you because I wanted to drink more than I wanted to stay sober'.    I'm not as tough as I would like to be because I  like people to like me  And no one wants to be thought of as a bitch.   But sometimes you have to be.  In order to save a life.   And sometimes a simple hug and an ear will do.  It all depends on the situation. 
That sounds like concern not tough love.  **Tough love would be to pull out a twenty and say "are you really done?"**.I would never do that but I understand it because as you stay in AA you see a lot of people go out and not come back.  Dead.  Some people do respond to tough love.  I do not endorse this but have seen it work...Saying "I'm available" gives this person a chance to share what is really bothering him.  That they came to him showed caring leaving without saying anything would show indifference...Another thing to note is that many people myself included look for reasons to be pissed at AA - reasons they say it won't work for them thus creating a self fulling prophecy.  Been there. Done that.
You can't just decide to believe.  Your higher power can be anything (mine is the group)...GOD IS NOT NEEDED TO GET AND STAY SOBER WITH AA. ..It does take a little more effort to make the program consistent enough for you.  I found this work to be incredibly valuable...Find some other members who share an agnostic/atheistic experience.  We are out there.
"Honesty without compassion is shear brutality" --Rob.   This was told to me almost 15 years ago at my last halfway house by a fellow drunk. I had been in and out for almost 8 years at that point and always had friends and sponsors that were brutal in their honesty and their advice. After I met Rob and he told me that I found a sponsor that loved me sober. he was completely straightforward and honest but he was kind too. As a sponsor I have been kind and gentle at times and utterly ruthless when it was called for but only ruthless to make a point and get someones attention I always end with kindness and love because that is what helped me. Sorry that you are meeting so many pricks keep looking for the right group and you will find the softer side of the program.
It is built around love empathy compassion and understanding. People in the rooms care enough about you to cut the shit and tell you what has worked for them. But if you don't like one person's response ask another and another.... try different meetings...A sick brain can't fix a sick brain. 
