-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cugy3/in_rehab_for_alcoholism/

Hey all ..I decided to get more active in this community as a way to help myself keep occupied during my stay here in rehab...My last drink was February 6 (i think i have forgotten the exact date) when i was admitted to a detox at a private clinic. After 3 weeks there I had a stint of sitting on my hands organising for long term rehab. That was hard. I had the thirst then pretty bad. I almost busted once and I am now so glad i didn't...Right now im 7 weeks into a 6-10 month program. At the moment im running really rough. As you might gather from my user name im studying medicine (taking a year off for this) and the slow pace here (compared to full days of study) and lack of direct support from my caseworker is driving me up the wall. What is potentially the worst part is I feel like if I left I could manage not to drink. However I have met so many relapsers here (I would say around 60% or more of the clients here are on their second or third stints) I can see that I would be at a very high risk of relapsing...I try to shake it but the little rules and regulations here get to me and make me want to rebel and just walk...It's not so bad however which is the reason why I haven't walked as of yet...I need to learn patience in the biggest way as bordom was one of my major triggers. ..Doing things like working in the garden and attending meetings (the good ones where people aren't sharing horror or "war stories") are nice and I am learning about myself in a way that will help me stay sober and be a better person to myself (the biggest thing) and to others (also a nice thing)...When i go on day leave on the weekends I can walk past bars and bottleshops without the feeling of "there is a bottle of magic juice in here that will make things better" overwhelming me. However I do have to remember im usually in a good mood during these time and not a true test of my sobriety. ..I've lost my train of thought so I will leave it at this. I guess I wanted to vent a bit and announce my intentions to be an active member in this community. Truth be told however some of the post here sent me into a dark sad place. ..Anyway nice to meet you folks.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Struggles and successes here for sure and I admire the strength that people here share just by showing up and telling their stories. It's helped me greatly. I hope it helps you as well even the hard sad posts. 
Welcome friend.  Glad you're here!
Hello fellow Aussie.....welcome to the tribe .&gt;the worst part is I feel like if I left I could manage not to drink...&gt;I can see that I would be at a very high risk of relapsing...this phrasing beautifully articulates (for me ) the mental  gymnastics I required to [air quotes] function in my denial.....but I quite like the..&gt;make me want to rebel and just walk..I'm halfway through the year of sobriety focus and I want to do all the things: I want to apply for my masters! get the new job! get my drivers licence!and redecorate the apartment!..So very used to the relentless ticking of boxes to demonstrate my inherent value...just want to tell you I relate and its grand to have another southern soul on board...
[deleted]
damn they wouldnt let anyone have internet in the rehabs ive been to thatd be nice
As somebody that did a month in rehab and almost a year in a sober house I can understand how you are feeling . The way that I got through it was to look at each challenge as learning how to live life on life's terms. Whether in treatment or in the real world you are going to meet people that you clash with work in places you do not like have to follow rules that you disagree with etc. If you are unable to handle them in the controlled environment you are even less likely to be able to handle them out in the world. Try to look at these annoyances for what they are. Just annoyances. Don't let inconveniences or boredom get in the way of what could be a much better life once you start getting some of your coping skills and clarity back. I wish you the best.  
