-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cw4lm/cough_medicine_considered_a_relapse_no_cold/

I was having a really bad panic attack at about 8:00 PM over the weekend and needed to go to sleep or I would have been up all night. It was the worse one I have had in a while. To go to sleep I took a shot of Cough Medicine. I only used it that night and haven't touched it since. Is this a grey area? I'm in AA and have told my sponsor about the panic attacks but not taking the cough medicine to "get out of myself" ..I guess in all honesty the answer I want to hear is no. I am willing to start anew if need be.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're simply referring to resetting your badge then I think this one is entirely up to you.  I wouldn't consider a shot of cough medicine a relapse especially not in your situation....The real questions are is it going to cause you to drink today?  Are you going to drink today?  These are what would entail you starting anew.  It sounds like you are pushing forward and continuing to be sober which is great.
The definitive answer is "it depends."  Were you using the drug to get high? It doesn't sound like it.  Were you using the drug as medicine?  Sounds like it. A lot of people use sleep aids.  Though there may be better ways of dealing with your panic attacks. Have you had a problem with cough medicine in the past?  Do you feel that this could turn into a problem for you?   ..If I were in the same situation I'd be exceedingly honest with myself and first decide what *I* thought. I'd then solicit others' opinions which is what you're doing here. That's good because often times we're too close to the situation to see all of the potential pitfalls.  I'd then reassess my opinion and then bring it up with my sponsor. The whole point of having a sponsor is to have someone looking out for you to help you see issues that you may not spot yourself.  And then see what he thought.  Presumable your sponsor knows you pretty well and may have some insight.  Or he may not. If you two disagree on this it could be a sign that he doesn't know you as well as he should. ..Based on what you've said here I wouldn't consider it a relapse. But that's me.  I don't know your story.  Just be honest with yourself. 
To me it sounds like you need to go to the doctor and get something to help with the panic attacks. Using cough medicine is a slippery slope that can get out of hand real quick. 
as others suggested a slippery slope.  Talk to a doctor and/or a therapist.  I've managed to work through some REALLY bad anxiety through meditation training something I would have never considered 6 months ago.
[deleted]
my own opinion mind you but you already know the answer. if you felt no guilt you wouldnt be asking or thiking about it. also why not tell your sponsor about it. did you use it for medicinal purposes or to get out of yourself. i went through this exact same thing these are some of the questions my sponsor asked me. 
Relapse.vb [r  l ps] (intr).1. to lapse back into a former state or condition esp one involving bad habits.2. (Medicine) to become ill again after apparent recovery..Probably not a relapse given your description.  Probably not being any too smart either.  Tell sponsor get medical advice.  Word of warning though I can go to my family doc any time and complain of anxiety and walk out with a scrip for benzos.  Be careful how you use the medical profession.  Some understand us quite well some not as well.
If you have to keep things back it's the same as lying.  It's not the drink per se it's the behavior.  Ask your AA friends about the terms 'dry drunk' and 'emotional hangover.'
It's more the partial disclose to the sponsor but you can fix that :)
