-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cwme4/struggling_finally_hit_the_wall_feeling_depressed/

I was going very strong up until several weeks ago.  Slowly but surely boredom and depression started sinking in.  I don't know where it came from but I've been struggling for several reasons.  I've been considering going and getting a drink every day for the last week or so.  I have this "I need a day off from reality" urge but have no way to take a break because the reality that I am trying to escape is in my mind.  It's not a matter of getting a day off from work or a day away from a certain person.  It's needing a day away from my thoughts loneliness boredom etc. and my mind keeps considering alcohol as the only way to do that.  Struggling.  I'm not going to drink.  I could just use some advice.  Thanks.  
----------immediate responses--------

It's difficult but meditation is the way to get away from your mind temporarily.  Have you ever tried?
I feel you. I've started looking at a good night's sleep as my escape. Taking melatonin and valerian root... Knocks me out like a light and it's a great feeling. Valerian is so close to herbal Valium for me I think it's fantastic.
Hi McPheenom..I know how you feel about struggle but me and the whole community got your back while you are going through this difficult time. You will be in my thoughts. It's funny how panic and depression and anxiety are related. It seems for me that once the anxiety has been addressed the depression kind of fades away. I think meditation is good you should get back into it. But most of all you should see a highly trained psychologist who specialized in panic and anxiety. I can't emphasize highly trained enough. ..One of my favorite websites is by Dr Sean Seay  and he presents a clinically tested treatment for panic. It would be a good place to start. Panic and anxiety can be overcome...http://www.steveseay.com/panic-attacks-treatment-symptoms/...Stay strong man!!!
Exercise is the best escape and the most rewarding "reset" I've found. Without the friends I've made at my local Y the routine of just showing up the meditative and mood benefits of cardio the bodily rewards of strength and the weight loss/stamina and other gains I don't know what I'd do. It seems to fulfill a deep longing we have to get away to just "do" and stop thinking that all addicts have in common and it does it in a way that's good for you. I highly highly recommend it if you feel stuck right now.
If you want to not drink I suggest that you talk to another sober alcoholic about your issues because another alcoholic understands what you're going through.
I have started going to the gym again. I have found that thirty minutes to an hour on the elliptical just helps me zone out and calm down. I feel awesome burn calories and am really relaxed. And since I worked out I don't want to mess it up by drinking! Best of luck to you quitting is really tough but you can do it.
I hope you make it!  I didn't (see the 1 day badge) and it was not worth it.  I still have puke on my floor and my shoes and I lost money and my ID... NOT the fun time I was looking for!  I guess I don't have a lot of advice.  I would say though probably not being alone would be a good one as long as you aren't with people who are drinking.  I'm the "sneak off to drink" type so if people can keep me company through 'the danger zone' (6-10 PM for me) it helps a lot.  Still that doesn't eradicate the lingering need to escape so would be best to talk to a sober alcoholic about working through that part because honestly... I don't know!!!
Hey badge buddy I was just wondering how you were doing and I saw this. I kind of hit a funk last week too. But I realized that when I get depressed and stuff these old tapes play in my head to drink. ..I start eating like shit and not doing the stuff I want which makes it worse. That's when I realized part of my recovery is coping with depression and boredom and since I've never done it before without drinking I'm new to it. ..But what I did was actually get up and do something that I really didn't want to and it really helped. It didn't matter what it was I just got out of bed and did it. And now I'm feeling great. Hang in there buddy. 
