-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1d01zt/its_never_just_one/

ugh... my fucking skull... woke up this morning with a disgusting hangover. I told her i can't have just one i asked for a fucking coke. She comes back from the bar with 2 pints and i drank mine. I thought one would be OK... ended up drinking 7 beers a bottle of vodka and a bottle of cheap shots. Really fucking upset about this 12 days was the longest i've ever gone without a drink. I'm hoping i'll remember this feeling and never drink again.... anybody got any stories to share about relapse? i'd love to hear them.
----------immediate responses--------

Best thing about AA is that you get an instant sober network; no one can get sober on their own...My disease has a built-in forgetter.  I don't have to think twice about not putting my hand on a hot stove but I have to think about not drinking again.
[deleted]
Dude I would have been right there with you in that situation.  You still have that 12 days which is HUGE.  Remember those 12 days built up quite quickly.  No drink today and you'll feel so much better tomorrow....Does the person that bought you the drink 'get it' now?
[deleted]
Hmmm. Relapse. Yeah you go from not drinking to having a drink in your hand to waking up the next morning pissed at yourself. But on the bright side you're already a few hours into your first sober day so that's a good thing right?..You made a choice at the moment the pints came back to the table about what you were going to do. Best you can do now is think over the choice you made and why then do what you can to learn from that. .
12 days is awesome.  You will do it again.  It adds up faster the 2nd time.  Just pick yourself up and keep moving.  Now you have reminded yourself about what happens when you take the first drink.  ...
Aggghh.  I went out and tried drinking again  never thought I was "bad enough" to go back to AA.  Yea right.  I have found that it's the psychological tricks of alcoholism that scare me into sobriety.  I have the fear that if I ever get off track again I may not make it sober a third time. 
[deleted]
I am really proud of you for admitting you have a problem. That 12 days is amazing and I really hope you can do it again and for good. Maybe now you see you can;t hang out at pubs and continue this nondrinking lifestyle. You know now that you cannot just have one drink and the people you are friends with should respect that and not buy you beers. Maybe it is time to find something to do with friends that is non alcohol centric. Or maybe its time for new friends. 
