-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1d8bw9/saturday_share_427/

Hello everyone my name is sgreenha and I'm an alcoholic.  ..I had my first drink when I was 15 years old.  I happened to take 10 shots in 20 minutes of some mystery brown liquid in a water bottle.  I blacked out about 20 minutes after this only to wake up in the morning covered in puke and piss.  I now know that I had alcohol poisoning that night and the fact that I am alive today to talk about it is a gift.  However the thing that baffles me the most is that after battling through that hangover and mopping up all my puke I COULDN'T WAIT TO DO IT AGAIN! Thus here was the beginning of my drinking career...I drank most weekends of high school. By senior year I was planning my week around getting booze finding a place to drink a place to stay the night and who my drinking buddies would be that weekend.  I never really blacked out because I would always throw up or pass out before that happened.  It was a lot of fun and I had a lot of friends.  Then I went off to college. I blacked out for the first time of my life during my first week of college.  I ran away from my new group of friends and was missing for around 4 hours.  I returned to the dorm with a shirt full of vomit and scratches and bruises all over me.  But no legal troubles.  Yet...1 year later I got a DUI.  My life was over or so I thought. I quit drinking for two weeks.  Then I was cured.  I would only drink responsibly from now on.  That quickly turned into I will not black out anymore.  Eventually it became I will not get blacked out in public.  And near the end it was just I'm not going out in public anymore.   ..After college I moved in with my girlfriend of multiple years.  I thought if I moved in with her everything would be better.  She would be better for me because she was so smart and motivated and talented that it would just rub off on me.  This quickly led to me being ashamed that I could not live up to her standards.  In reality I was ashamed of myself that I could not live up to my standards.  I started drinking daily.  Then I transitioned into only vodka.  Then plastic bottled vodka.  Then hiding bottles.  Then lying about everything.  I realized that I had a severe problem with drinking but I was too scared to do anything about it.  My life each day consisted up waking up hungover waiting for the gf to head to work being elated when she finally did leave fishing my bottle out of its hiding place figuring out if I had enough to last the day and if not heading to one of my 3 liquor stores to refuel locking the door and closing all the blinds then going to town on that bottle for 5-7 hours while the gf was at work.  Then taking a shower on her way home maybe throwing up to get some of the booze out of my body and playing it cool the rest of the night.  That was my whole life.  Some nights we might go out on the weekend but I hated those because I couldnt handle drinking like a gentleman.  I couldnt wait to get home and drink like I wanted to...After a year of this and getting caught multiple times I packed up my shit and moved back home.  It was time for rehab...I did an outpatient 14 day program that was wonderful.  I had it beat once again! I could live my life like I should.  I was drunk 3 days later completely baffled on how this could have happened.  I returned to the outpatient program and continued to relapse.  I couldn't put more than a couple weeks together for months.  Then something strange happened...I was required to attend 2 AA meetings a week for my rehab so I did that when it was convenient.  I really didn't like them and the whole god shit was a real pain in the ass for me to sit through.  I judged every single one of them.  They didn't know me and they kept saying that I wasn't unique and to keep coming back.  Fuck all of them I couldn't learn anything from them.  How could they help me if they didn't know what I was going through?  Then one of them told my story.  I was an alcoholic.  At that moment I stopped fighting.  I surrendered.  I cried like a fucking baby...Then next thing I knew I had 30 days.  I was so happy when I got that chip.  I finally had accomplished a goal.  I had something tangible that symbolized my determination and hard work.  I was white knuckling it like a mad man.  I was still miserable but I was sober.  Then I got a sponsor on day 53.  This changed everything.  I started 90 in 90. I started working the steps.  I had someone HUMAN to be accountable to.  After 90 days I had attended 126 meetings.  I dove into AA with everything I had.  And it has worked.  I have found a new freedom and a new happiness that I have never thought was even possible.  Through working the steps and reading the book I have found that I AM an alcoholic for sure.  Now it is my choice if I want to be a recovering alcoholic or a practicing alcoholic.  Today I choose to be a recovering one.  I am coming up on 7 months of sobriety and each day I get to truly live.  That is the best part of sobriety.  The living...There is one piece of AA literature that I really love and it perfectly describes what has happened to me through my journey.  I'll finish with the 9th step promises.   If we are painstaking about this phase of our development we will be amazed before we are half way through. We are going to know a new freedom and a new happiness. We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it. We will comprehend the word serenity and we will know peace. No matter how far down the scale we have gone we will see how our experience can benefit others. That feeling of uselessness and self-pity will disappear. We will lose interest in selfish things and gain interest in our fellows. Self-seeking will slip away. Our whole attitude and outlook upon life will change. Fear of people and of economic insecurity will leave us. We will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us. We will suddenly realize that God is doing for us what we could not do for ourselves. Are these extravagant promises? We think not. They are being fulfilled among us sometimes quickly sometimes slowly. They will always materialize if we work for them. ..Today I can say that most of these promises have come true for me.  I am 25 years old and feel like an adult for the first time in my life..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks sgreenha  :)
Powerful story thank you for sharing and congratulations on your sobriety. You are an inspiration!
Keep it going sgreenha! Thank you for sharing your story : )
Thank you for sharing~
Thanks for sharing yeah the promises are powerful and they do happen but they really sounded hokey when I was new
Work work work.  Thank you for your share.  Sometimes AA gets us when we can't get AA.
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing sgreenha nice to meet you :)
I'm glad it's working for you but it's a shame AA has to revolve around God. The mere fact that your brain has been wired to abuse alcohol is proof enough that if there is a god he doesn't give two shits about you. The answer to alcoholism isn't to beome part of a brainwashing circlejerk. The answer is Naltrexone.
Great story I can relate to many parts. Ithink thats part of the buety in a support group like A.A is being able to find people that can relate to the samr struggle you are going through.
Whatever you do don't forget your last drunk or you are doomed to repeat it.....I remember mine like it was last week....and check out the 5th step promises and the 10th step promises I will read them at the opening of meetings just to remind everyone of the payoff of sobriety.... 
