-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dbhun/i_bought_a_case_now_im_drinking/

I bought a case of ginger ale and saddled up because I knew what was in store. for a few weeks now I had been tapering down with beer because detox in a hospital was not an option. With one or two heavy slips while tapering I got on track and yesterday was the final lap. My fiance has been clean from opiates for 6 months now and is still taking Phenobarbital(sp) (anti seizure medicine) It is also known for calming the sting of withdrawal symptoms. Not being my first rodeo I knew it could be MUCH worse but it's still no party. Today is my first day without a drop of alcohol and even though I get a bit down on myself for relapsing I adhere to this day TODAY that I made a milestone by not letting myself race to the liquor store. My body is craving REAL food that is actually good for me which has been a turn for the good because before I had no interest and ate whatever was available or unhealthy. I now have a desire to start taking care of my body instead of letting it waste away. Anyone that can lend support would be much appreciated because we all know how rough the first few days can ware on you. So here's a cheers of ginger ale to all you first day ladies and gents and a tost to all the rest of you guys for staying sober!
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! Yeah the first few are rough... I thought I'd relapse after 2 days as always and here I am 8 days after still sober feeling physically and mentally better each day and not hating myself for once. Keep strong and eat the best food in the world :)
You know I've become quite the connoisseur of Ginger Ales over the past couple weeks. :)  Reed's Original Jamaican-style is my favorite so far...goes fabulously out in the hammock on a warm day like we had today...I know the first few can be rough.  The first day to me was great because I was so energized about stopping.  The second and third I had some detox symptoms but that just kept me mentally fired up.  Only now 12 days in does it start to get difficult for me but in a very insidious way.  The purely physical withdrawal symptoms have subsided for the most part...now's the part where my brain starts fucking with me making me say stuff to myself like "well that wasn't so hard...so go have a few because you can always quit again" or "okay so now that the *problem* is gone maybe just moderate a bit..." or the classic "oh just a glass of wine to relax"...next thing I know I'm face down in a gutter if I listen to that voice...I just wanted to congratulate you give you some Ginger Ale advice and drop a light warning...in all the quit attempts I've made the most important thing I've learned is that the biggest enemy of your sobriety is in your head.
Ginger beer is bloody awesome. Eat as much as you want dude as long as you're not drinking. You can sort out your diet a couple months down the line. :)
The first week is rough that is for sure. To be honest I gave myself a free pass on pretty much everything else. Ate whatever I wanted ordered take out took naps watched a ton of tv and movies. I didn't worry about being lazy and I spent a little extra money on instant gratification. It isn't a mindset I kept up but it helped me get through that first week. ..I also came here *several* times a day. I commented on everything posted when I needed to get something out or ask for encouragement and devoured old posts. I've never checked out the WebChat but people have said really positive things about it...I'm thinking good thoughts for you. You can do this. Let us know how you are doing. Keep checking in!
[deleted]
Cheers!  Keep up the good work and stay positive.  It's gonna be hard but if you stay determined you'll do fine.  
Well done mate I'm back on the wagon too. Good call with the ginger beer. I really crave bubbles so i'm drinking a lot of soda water..I feel awful for relapsing too it wasn't the first time but maybe the last..Eating food is awesome. I still can't stomach very much because of the withdrawals but I remember eating healthy last time I quit and I miss it.
I'm gonna paraphrase Alan Carr here:  remember you're not giving up drinking. You're escaping from drinking...Good for you.  Lean on us hard.  It's why we're here.
I swear I crave my diet ginger ale just as much as I used to crave beer.   Sometimes I absolutely NEED to have carbonated tastiness going down my throat.  Sometimes I pound three in a row.  After ten years of binging this part of the habit is simply not going away...There is a great deal less vomiting involved I am happy to report.   :)
