-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ddsiu/im_not_really_sure_what_to_do/

I don't think I'm a raging alcoholic but I do think I would be a lot happier if I wasn't drinking a beer or two or three 3-5 nights out of the week. I don't get super drunk every night but it's probably safe to say I do once every week or two. I did last Friday and I've been completely ashamed of myself because I drove. I hate that feeling of being completely embarrassed or mortified of the things you did drunk the night before.. .My drinking habits have changed quite a bit. I turned 21 in November of 2011. I was in college away from home and I was drinking A LOT. Every night 6-8 beers or 1.5 bottles of wine. Just completely smashed every night. I was pretty depressed lots of anxiety. That habit continued for about a year. I graduated last October and moved back home. I went from insanely stressed about school and money to having lots of time on my hands and no bills. My stress levels have gone down a lot. Over the last couple of months I've mellowed out a lot on my drinking. The only time I binge like I was before is when I'm drinking socially. Other wise it's 1-3 beers or 2-3 glasses of wine...I made a lot of lifestyle changes I started exercising I stopped eating processed foods started juicing started a mostly vegetarian diet and I think most importantly I stopped drinking energy drinks. I was drinking at least one a day for about 4 years. I haven't had on in over a month! Very excited and proud about that. It blows my mind to think that sugar and caffeine was the main reason I was so depressed for so long. But I still feel a bit stuck unmotivated and frustrated. My gut told me for so long that the energy drinks were the main cause of my depression. Now it's telling me that drinking is what's causing the current discomfort...I've noticed a difference in my mood and motivation to get shit done when I go 2 or more days without drinking. I usually don't go more then 2 or 3 days of not drinking though. Although I'm very broke right now only have enough money for groceries so I'll probably be forced to go without until next Friday. I'm kind of looking forward to that...I think the part I'm reason struggling with this is the fact that I work full time at Total Wine and More. If you don't know what that is it's basically the super Walmart of liquor stores. I need the job. I'm comfortable with the job is probably a better statement...I'm sure if I pushed myself to update my resume and apply for jobs I could probably get the same amount of hours and pay at a grocery store or something...Anyway I'm just rambling. I read everyone's posts quite often and I don't really have any family or friends to talk to about this. No one seems to take it that seriously. I'm confused about my issue. I've never been to AA but I've been to Al Anon. Kinda freaked me out. I don't think AA is for me but I don't know of what other options are out there. I don't know if my drinking is so bad that I should be completely sober for the rest of my life or just mellow out and only drink on special occasions. That's what the all think right? I'll only drink on "special occasions". ..I've heard that it's impossible to get sober alone. You need a community a support group. Maybe you guys could be that for me? ..I just need someone to be real with me not push this topic away. ..By the way I did the Alcohol Assessment Test and it said I was in the 2nd tier.
----------immediate responses--------

If you keep to a specific habit over time you might find yourself a tier 4.  I started out just like you and eventually i crashed my car while blowing a .33 and breaking my arm.  That was enough for me to put the shit down for some people rock bottom is blacking out one night for others its going to jail for 6 months due to crimes where alcohol was involved. I cannot tell you if you have a problem or not.  You need to realize it at whatever point that is and change that yourself.  We can simply give you encouragement or provide a place for you to vent if you need to.  We are all on the same boat one way or the other but i will say life for me without alcohol is way better.  Good luck to you my friend.
[deleted]
Kockyspanks I tested in tier 2 as well- I scored a 12.  My drinking was much like yours.  I had this feeling that I would be happier if I didn't drink but I wasn't motivated enough to quit.  And although I rarely got drunk I really craved alcohol at the end of the day.  I would daydream about factual scenarios where I would have to quit drinking like being on medication or part of a medical study.  I wanted alcohol out of the equation of my life but wasn't ready to actually do anything about it.  It's not like it was causing any measurable negative effects...just a continued feeling of dissatisfaction and fret that slowly took too much of my mental energy...When I quit I wasn't sure if it's forever or for awhile.  I'm still not sure.  But I know I feel better about myself.  I know I'd rather cope with the discomfort of abstaining than the anxiety of worrying about my drinking.  As far as special occasions-- I don't know.  Nothing has been special enough yet for me to consider it...I got a whole lot out of the tools at smartrecovery.org  especially the cost benefit analysis and the heirarchy of values...You don't have to be an alcoholic to want a happier life without alcohol..
Once upon a time my drinking was like yours it did ebb and flow a bit but for me it was a progressive condition.  For many it may be possible to maintain your level but for another group not so.  And it can get worse a lot worse very quickly.  One DUI where people are hurt or killed and you get to see the inside of jail or prison - and learn the difference between the two...AA is not the only option. Neither does it require a liver scan to prove you are eligible.  
[deleted]
[deleted]
