-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1djnkv/had_the_talk_with_girlfriend_last_nightdidnt_drink/

I had "the" talk with my girlfriend yesterday. It was kind of productive. She doesn't want to be around while I'm dealing with being sober and recovering from alcohol induced depression. I can't blame her because she has her own issues to deal with. We agreed to take a break for a month with out seeing other people while we work on ourselves...I can't say I'm very optimistic about the relationship working out but it is probably the most healthy thing for both of us to do..But I'm posting here because I didn't go crying into a bottle of whiskey last night and call her up whining like I would have if I was drinking. Whatever happens I got this...There are still a lot of struggles on the way but for right now I'm sober and taking sobriety and life one day at a time. And hopefully growing up a little bit...Thank you stopdrinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I am in exactly the same place.  ..I had "the talk" about 3 weeks ago and I haven't had much in the way of contact with her since. It's been really rough but I've learned a few things...  ..For me my venture into sobriety is all about breaking patterns and I wouldn't be able to concentrate on breaking myself down and rebuilding while maintaining the patterns in the relationship. I needed to be completely free and clear of distractions in order for this process to succeed.  ..It's actually a gift for which I am very grateful and I simply must have faith that if the relationship is meant to recover it will.  ..In the meantime my focus is on MY recovery like you said one day at a time.
I'm glad to hear it went well. I was thinking of you after your post to WUW. ..Relationships are really hard but having gone in and out of not drinking for a while now... I've realized over time that when you're thinking clearly it is much more apparent when the right times are to let relationships go and when the times are right to bring them back into your life.
Yes the prime focus right now has to be your recovery.
