-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dl56c/i_am_sad_today/

Potential pity party but I need to talk...I'm sad. Lots of things in my life are amazing and my life is amazing but today I am sad...I'm having a hard time at work and am giving my two weeks tomorrow. I'm trying to plan a wedding study for my LSAT's and GRE's work full time train go to meetings. Not enough hours in the day. Something has to give...I'm so stressed and I'm having a hard time staying in the moment. I feel better typing it out but man I am sad today. I have no problem admitting this to family and friends but on this sub I rarely talk about my current struggles. So here it is I'm having a rough time at the moment.
----------immediate responses--------

If there aren't enough hours in the day you're expecting too much out of yourself. The most accomplished people in the world didn't get where they are by doing a bunch of things all at once. They do a few things at a time to the best of their ability. Then when they're done they move on to the next thing. Anyone who tries to take on too many things at once will end up doing most (if not all) of them poorly and they'll make themselves miserable in the process...Studying for tests will make anyone crazy because no matter how much you do you can always do more.  It helps to schedule a time to spend studying each day. Something like *2 hours per day for 4 weeks taking weekends off*.  Then just stick to the schedule. This way you can tell yourself "I did all that I could possibly do given my schedule."  That's all you can expect out of yourself. It's unreasonable of you to expect yourself to do more than is possible...Wedding planning hey all anyone needs for a wedding is a priest &amp; a witness.  The rest is just icing on the cake.  You've got plenty of time.  If you decide that you're not even going to think about your wedding for the next 6 months it'll still get sorted out...Figure out what needs to happen now and what can wait. Make a plan. Once you decide to not worry about something right now don't worry about it. If it's on the schedule it'll get done. Just focus on doing the task at hand to the best of your ability...You're a capable &amp; impressive woman VE.  You'll get through this. You just need to decide what to focus on first. Once you do as long as you do your best everything will turn out great. Like it always does.
It's awesome that you aren't keeping this bottled up! I think doing otherwise is a mistake that's all too easy for us to make.  As for stressful situations at a meeting last night the speaker touched on how his business is currently going through a nightmarish situation now where the landlord is kicking him out.  But he was also convinced that as hard as this moment is he has no guarantee that it's not going to be followed by something even harder in the future.  We just need to take a deep breath realize that nothing's stopped us yet and keep going on while becoming stronger and smarter so that when the real Big Bad happens we'll be able to meet it.  I found it inspiring anyway.  Best of luck :)
[deleted]
I think offtherocks nailed it when he said to make a plan and stick to it. Don't allow yourself to worry about what's next; what's now is the only thing needing your attention and what's next will undoubtedly get done as planned...Aside from that I just wanted to remind you how amazing you are especially to everyone in this sub. I've watched your Saturday Share and read many of your comments and you've been a huge inspiration to me before and during my journey through sobriety. Remember that no human gets through life alone and you've more than proven your strength and determination. You're gonna be great.
I am sorry you are sad. One day at a time. You are doing a lot but everything you are doing is to better yourself and that is awesome. ..Congratulations on the upcoming wedding.  Finding someone you want to spend the rest of your life with is a feat within itself. 
Do not let meetings be the thing that slips...Agree your plate is too full elope don't sweat the tests law or grad school will make you poor for many years. Enjoy life and recovery.  Find joy.
Sorry to hear VE.  I've found the best thing to do when I get the "holy fuck I'm drowning in a sea of things to get done" is to take a few deep breathes and try to focus on something good in my life that I'm not stressing about.  I've found it centers me and reminds me that while I'm currently feeling stretched thin it won't last forever and there are some awesome things ahead in my life once the temporary stress goes away...Sometimes the thing I have to do with sadness is accept that it's what I'm feeling.  I'll say to myself "Yeah I'm feeling sad it sucks."  I'll try to do something to cheer up but realize it may just need to run its course.  Feelings always pass good and bad - remembering that helps me weather the shit and enjoy the good as much as I can...Stay classy.
VE you are a source of motivation and inspiration to us all and sometimes we need to be reminded that there is a real human being behind the username.  ..Y'know what? It's okay to feel overwhelmed and stressed and to feel that something has to give. You've taught us that. It's perfectly fine and you know that soon you'll feel better. Take some time to recharge your batteries.  ..Then follow the sage advice of offtherocks and draw strength from the fact that there are hundreds even thousands of us rooting for you. 
Wonder if what you're feeling is sad or just overwhelmed with everything on your pate. I got a few 24s and accurately labeling emotions can still be a challenge for me. Learning to sit with emotions and really experience them rather than running away like I did for so long I'm discovering they are mostly transitory. Anyway sounds like you have so much that is positive in your life. Perhaps just count the blessings.
Maybe the universe is conspiring to get you to slow down and think about things? I know for myself I've gotten real busy because I *didn't* want to think too deeply about what I was doing.
I've been (am?) there! ..I know AA thumpers won't like this but I cut back on meetings - I don't get much from them anyway.  I do call my sponsor and hangout with him at least once a week.  I feel perfectly fine if not better than when I attended meetings 4-5 times a week.  I know a few family members with 7+ years of sobriety that quit AA years ago and never looked back...But if your unwilling to cut back on meetings - do you have any thoughts on what you could cut back on?  
I could share with you what my sponsor would say . . .
sorry to hear you are having a hard time. i actually just quit my job yesterday morning because it was taking a toll on my schoolwork and my mental health. and i swear since i quit i feel like a new person. i've had a chance to get to some meetings get everything in order for school and most importantly RELAX. i bet your body is tired! you need some time to do nothing and catch up on sleep. sure it sucks to leave a job but it's amazing how much more emotionally stable i feel today versus tuesday after making the decision to put my own personal health first and to just relax and catch my breath...(note: the place i was working didn't deserve my 2 weeks notice but i do suggest you give yours in order to get a good reference heh. just make sure you take some time out of your day to relax and always try to put yourself first.)
As someone at the bottom of the pit: GET WHAT YOU CAN GET DONE IN ONE DAY. Its been so hard for me and I am at rock bottom. I'm positive and have a lot of support so I am going to a clinic soon...I'm on my way up but I'll shake your hand on the way up the mountain with no peak.
If it will help I can grant you a temporary reprieve from bringing me poutine :-P
When we sober up we try to take on everything at once to make up for lost time - I know I certainly have been lately. But it's all by choice. Filling life up with stuff to the brim looks pretty different from wasting away the days drunk hungover and lazy but for me it's a similar class of problem: trying to scratch an existential itch...There's a balance in there somewhere one where we choose to do the best we can while remaining detached from the results. I hope you get past your funk soon and back on a more balanced path but don't worry - there are a lot of us going through the same stuff and as on this sub we all can get through it together.
For me isn't it amazing that when I drank I drank because I was bored nothing to do that kind of thing.  I hardly have a minute to myself now and I love it.  One thing that OTR mentions is the making of a plan.  I used to think that was a waste of time but you know for the ten minutes it takes it probably saves me an hour every day.  The old cliches come into action here. First things first Think think think and Easy does it.  You are a great support here and I am rooting for you.  Good luck whatever you do. 
bieng in the program pity parties are commonplace and accepted which is one of the perks of this program.  everyone understands where you are coming from and we have all been there before.  this is a giant balancing act and sometimes it gets out of whack but it will always setttle down.  all your hard work will pay off sooner than you think!
My therapist told me that willpower is a finite resource. If you stretch yourself too thin it's going to wear on you. With juggling all that its likely your not giving yourself much time for self care which is fundamental to recovery. I know it will be hard but maybe try to block some times during the week off as just for you to do whatever it is you enjoy: video games art jerking off writing reading whatever helps you unwind.
[deleted]
