-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ds435/last_night_was_the_first_time_i_really_struggled/

I got my 2nd DUI then quit I just realized that drinking wasn't worth the potential consequences.  Not to mention I black out about 50% of the time and make an ass of myself served with a side of terrible depression that follows...So I have been sober for a 66 days now it hasnt really been hard.  I feel great I am getting in great shape.  But yesterday I was so bored at a friends birthday party I wanted to drink badly.  I also got in a huge fight with my GF.  But I abstained so I get to keep my badge. ..Any way to combat the boredom of hanging with drunk people?
----------immediate responses--------

Don't hang out with drunk people.....Not being a smart arse as such but leave ~~when~~ before the going gets grotty...Congrats on the sober. Gold star. .
[deleted]
For the first 6 or so weeks of sobriety I seemed to always be hanging out with drunk folks. I was not drinking but I did not know what else to do. So there I was at parties bars and clubs. I am a night owl and the last thing I want is to be bored home alone. I  get some weird looks but if I am bored around drunk folks I do my routines of stretches and yoga. It calms my mind and dulls my feelings to what is going on around me. I feel much better about myself then re-engage in conversation with people. I prefer parties / bars with music to get my mind off things or give the opportunity to dance. If there is no way for me to fix my boredom I eject myself from the situation and simply go for a walk...
I do what others here seem to do. I'll hang out with them until their eyes start glazing over and they start turning up the music and insisting I really LISTEN to this song and then I leave. They never seem to notice. I get to go home chill out read have a snack go to sleep and wake up and do a whole bunch of shit before they even wake up. It really seems like a win-win all the way around to me. :)
Drunk people are boring except when they are doing things that get them arrested or loaded into ambulances...Your third DUI might be a felony and if you think the party was boring try state prison. Source: take AA into state prison...You might consider AA if only for the social aspects....
