-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1duqfy/alright_day_1_feeling_better_about_this_now_than/

Hello..Background:.A few days before my 21st birthday I found out my GF of 4 years was cheating on me. Needless to say I drank to cope with the pain I experienced and I haven't been able to stop since. I worked 5 years in a soul crushing factory struggling to pay my bills and missing work due to my drinking. Eventually I became functional. Got a decent job in IT bought a house 6 months ago etc. I do fine at work and nobody really knows I drink as much as I do (Often up to 4x 1.75L bottles of vodka/week) and I never drink before or on the job...I have tried to quit a few times in the past but as I suffer from depression and anxiety/panic disorder it makes it extremely difficult - I have NEVER gone more than 3 days (one time) without getting shit-faced in the last 7 years. I usually make it only 1 day. I hit 2 days 2 or 3 times and it was usually forced (vacation with the family)..Lately I have felt bad... really bad. My health is failing. I've lost my appetite or rather the ability to know if I am hungry at all. My panic attacks are more frequent and my social anxiety has worsened. Note: I do not take medication because it simply doesn't work when you're drinking like I am. 1st step stop drinking. 2nd step medical help..I also want to do so much more with my life - start learning again but alas I feel my mental faculties fading with every night of alcohol induced brain damage...Last week I started showing up late to work every day and being very unproductive; I wanted to skip so badly and just sleep longer that it was a miracle I was able to get to work at all...This last weekend I was at a friends birthday party - drinking of course. Heavily. When apparently around 3am I went to my car to grab a smoke and instead decided to drive the 10-miles home on the highway. Somebody was parked behind me in the driveway so I just drove through the neighbors grass and off the curb.  I woke up around 10:30am to a single text message "You alive? Jesus!"..I drank the remainder of my vodka and played recovery for the rest of the day; drowning in regret and self hate. I feel such overwhelming shame for my actions - like none I have ever felt before. I cannot even muster the strength to talk to my friends. I just want to hide and sober up and emerge anew. I crossed a very god dammed definitive line and put my life and the lives of others at serious risk of death with my actions...I am done. This is bullshit. I cannot continue on this path. I am stopping before I hit a more serious rock bottom...Bring on the insomnia. Bring on the DT's..I am too damned old now to ignore what I am doing to myself and potentially others.  Alcohol is a very serious drug and "well I show up for work every day" is no longer an excuse I can live with...So here I am. Turning to reddit to get this off my chest with a new account. If I can't do it alone I'm seeking help beyond my will power...Wish me luck..LD;DR - 7-year alcoholic finally crossed the line in the sand and needs to quit before it's too late.
----------immediate responses--------

It could be quite dangerous cutting drinking out without medical supervision. I tapered down my drinking over time to lessen the change on my body. Others get special prescriptions that aid in switching over to sobriety. Going from a night of heavy drinking right over to none at all sounds dangerous IMO...Seems like you have a lot to be thankful in your life be careful. Please continue posting here.
Good luck. It sounds like you should get to your doctor today to help you through some potentially serious medical issues. That's a start in reaching out for help. It's very tough to do alone so you're smart to seek help--here and elsewhere--meetings counselors sober friends any or all. Good luck again.
I hope so much that you follow your own lead here and can find the strength to quit. ..My aunt was killed by a drunk driver when he careened off of an overpass and landed on her car. He was fine she died a few hours after the accident. She was 22 at the time.
