-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1e03p3/being_sober_sucks_ass/

I got 23 miserable days sober. I've hated every second of it. I'm 24 years old and my drinking started as just fun get black out hammered every night with friends who drink just as much as I did. This went on for about 3 years and I never thought it was a problem. Got a dwi at the beginning of last summer and that's when my drinking got worse. Lost my license for three month but had a pretty good girlfriend at the time who drove me everywhere. August is when shit really hit the fan. My girlfriend started talking about leaving me because of all the crazy stuff I was doing in black outs (once when she was out with her friends I called her over 60 times and when she picked up I just yelled at her because I thought she was cheating on me which she wasnt). So because of the thought of losing her stressed me out so much I started drinking during the day alone. She left me after I blacked out and physically wouldn't let her leave my house. Spent the next 2 months drinking about a handle a day. Tried to stop cold turkey but ended up in the hospital for a week going through really bad withdrawal. When I got out I started going to Aa and made it two months then relapsed. Since then I'm only able to get about 2 weeks together then I always go back to drinking for a few days. This 23 days I got now is the longest I've had in a while. My problem is I really still miss drinking. Even after all the bad shit that has happen all I want to do is be drunk all day. But I keep telling myself that a drink won't help anything it will just make stuff worse. Alcohol was my best friend and I miss it so much. Does this ever go away? Because I literally think about taking a drink every Fucking 3 minutes or so. Nothing distracts me. I only ever drink alone now. Drinking to forget or just have a brief vacation from  all those negative thoughts in my head. White knuckling it is not working. What do I do to make it through this month and beyond that. I can't handle another relapse. 
----------immediate responses--------

None of my best friends ruined my life. 
Have you tried AA meetings?  One problem with getting sober on your own is that anything you say to yourself sounds reasonable.  Yet when you say the same thing out loud to another person you can hear how nutty it sounds...Also there are people in AA now who have less than 20 days and to them you are a superhero. 
the first 30 days are the hardest man.  are you in a program rehab or aa?  it helps when you are surrounded by people in your situation then you start to learn to do things you use to do drunk but sober.  the first month sucks you have to "relearn" how to live and cope with emotions and feelings with out alcohol.  if you are scared or nervous about attending a meeting there are ways to find someone to go with you or just ask someone on here for help.  if you need anything dont be afraid to ask
AA is a big part of recovery but it doesn't have to be your entire treatment program. In a lot of ways AA isn't treatment it's maintenance. Dude it sounds like you need rehab or more intensive help than you're currently getting. You need 28/30 structured days to clean up and get a little time physically get through the detox and the weeks of weird sleeping. ("30 days and a thousand sleepless nights") I would seriously seek stronger help. If you can't afford treatment most (I think all) states have some state funded alcohol treatment.  ...In Maryland:..The Alcohol and Drug Abuse Administration maintains a resource directory with the name address phone number and services offered for all DHMH certified programs operating in Maryland. These programs are listed by county on this website (Resource Directory) or for more specific information you can call the Community Services Division at 410-402-8600..or check out [their website](http://adaa.dhmh.maryland.gov/SitePages/Home.aspx) (okay their website sucks but maybe you can manage it better than me.) ..If you have a job and private insurance call your HR folks. Once you're seeking treatment I don't think you can be fired (you might be anyway though I can't promise that.)..If you're still on your parents insurance go through them. 
Is there anything else that fucks with your life in such a major way that you want to keep a relationship with?  If a friend came over and punched you in the face once a day was mean to your girlfriend got you in trouble with the law made you sick enough to go to the hospital would you want to still be friends with him?  I doubt it.  You'd more than likely call the cops...I thought I really would have a hard time giving up "my friend" alcohol but I took a really deep look inside and realized that alcohol really added almost nothing positive to my life while adding many many negatives.  I read the Allan Carr book cited in the side bar and it helped me realize that drinking was such a negative force in my life and that I really truly didn't like it.  I highly recommend giving it a read...I also went to see a therapist who specialized in addictions (being a recover{eding} addict herself) that helped me a great deal.  She's the one that gently helped me see that I am an alcoholic and needed to stop.  She's the one that helped me move forward in a healthy way.  And SMART Recovery (meetings and literature) helped me work through many issues related to my recovery...You don't have to white knuckle it on your own but realizing that this "friend" of yours is not really a friend is a huge step in the right direction...Good luck.
Just try to recall why you are not drinking
[deleted]
You might want a sponsor if you decide to go to another AA meeting. Sounds like you need to make a new friend so meet some new people if you go to an AA meeting shake peoples hands introduce yourself and tell someone face to face what you are going through...Good luck.
