-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ejo0h/sobering_up_after_relapse/

I had 16 months sober and relapsed in february.  Today marks day one Of trying again.  I'm depressed and completely resentful about getting sober.  It hasnt even been 24 hours and I want to drink so badly. I dont think i'll make it.  It all feels wrong. I wish I had never started again...Ive already forgotten how good it felt to be sober.  I've already forgotten how to be social without it.  ..It feels like someone has taken a friend from me...I feel isolated and trapped inside my body...I've felt this before every time I've tried and i dont think I'm going to last.  I just wish i could be normal.  
----------immediate responses--------

You are normal you just have a drink problem.  Don't drink today and repeat.  It won't take you long to remember what it feels like to be sober again.  Good Luck.  
If your not normal then we're both not normal.  Which means . . . ***maybe we are actually alien sex gods placed here to bring our otherworldly awesome gifts to all mankind!***.  But sadly I think we're just normal.  Normal people who have a drinking problem as rogermelly1 has already stated.  Lets just not drink today.  Lets not worry about remembering anything before.  I'm with you on the depression part and that is hard to deal with but however we deal with it lets not drink today.  Starting again was worth it.  Totally worth it....And I say after a good few months of sobriety we can turn our attention on being those sex gods regardless if we are extraterrestrial or not.  
You're doing hella-good to get back on the horse. Took me 4 years of (cough) moderation before I made it for any length of time. You know this is the hardest part and how it gets better. Keep in touch. 
If you're resentful about getting sober why do it? If you don't WANT to get sober don't bother...if you WANT to do it...then change the attitude...you're setting yourself up for failure...Sorry to be "that guy"..
I feel your pain. Although I didn't make it to 16 months I made it to 5 then my mind defeated me and I drank again thinking I could balance it. Ya. Right. Day 1 of being sober I'm here with you! It sucks a whole lot but just know there are other people that are sitting in bed feeling so badly like they want to drink but let usssss just reddit instead :) be strong you can do it...you really can. 
