-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1enb20/i_hate_aa_and_need_an_alternative/

I have been in and out of AA for over a year with little success (and in fact 90% of meetings trigger me). I am an atheist and have tried to find a higher power for over a year now but to no avail. In fact it makes no sense that I should give credit to a higher power for keeping me sober but if I relapse it's my fault. For good or bad either I am responsible for my choice or a higher power is-there is no picking and choosing (I have heard it all so please do not reply with suggestions of what my higher power could be). I do not judge others' beliefs or what works for them but am irritated when that is not reciprocated...I also hate that the AA book is so outdated and has not been updated to include more recent information and studies regarding addiction (yes in the newer editions the stories are more modern but the science is lacking)...The people I have met are either trying to push their personal beliefs judgmental (as an atheist this is very annoying) trying to sleep with you hiding that they are using or gossiping behind your back (seen it even from sponsers)...TL;DR: Too many issues with AA and seeking an alternative.
----------immediate responses--------

LifeRing and SMART come to mind as does Allan Carr's book listed in the side bar somewhere.  Also try soberrecovery.org for a great online board for all things recovery; drugs booze 12-steps secular 12-steps non-12-steps therapy the list goes on...I'm sorry to hear your experiences with AA haven't been positive. I am also an atheist but have found a way to make AA work....You can get sober with or without god.  Keep up the fight....edit: added Allan Carr's book
If you go to the subreddit [/r/alcoholism](http://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/) you will find a number of links for alternative programs.  .  .If you want a real eye-opening book about AA and its origins check out the online book [In The Beginning](http://www.morerevealed.com/mr/brief-aa-history.html)  .  .Being an atheist myself I am completely at odds with many of the "higher power" concepts. Regardless of how they dress it up it is still a theistic program that states explicitly "that probably no human power could have relieved our alcoholism; c) that God could and would if he were sought".  .  .This is read at **every** meeting I have ever been at.  As for AA success - the notion is that it works if you work it.  It is a tautology.  Anyone who relapses is taught that it is their fault that they did not work the steps properly failed to get a sponsor did not attend enough meetings on and on.  There is never the thought that perhaps the program itself isn't appropriate for most people.  .  .Can it help people get sober for a while? Sure. But research has shown that many other methods are just as effective in the short term.  Can it help people stay sober for a long period extending into years - well that is much less clear.  I am not sure that its success rate is any better than any other program of recovery or even on one's own.  AA just has better PR and has inculcated itself into popular culture as the place to go for recovery.  .  .So don't despair.  There are many people who are struggling with addiction who have found other avenues that are better suited for them and allows them to be in control of their own recovery rather than having to invalidate their  own thoughts as being the product of an alcoholic mind.  .  .Personally I like LifeRing SMART and get a great deal of validation and support from subreddits like this one.  .  .Hang in there and try other avenues...
[deleted]
I had multiple issues with AA and all the many other programs (and still have some issues) but in the end I agreed I needed help I couldn't do it alone and AA is so damn convenient since it's everywhere and I tend to be lazy in this regard. I'm not really in to group therapy but I've found it's generally good for me to do certain things I don't want to do but need to do. ..Also for me it came down to what the winners did. I didn't care what they thought. I just wanted to know what they DID. My criteria was how good and how long was their sobriety and were they also successful in life. I couldn't find anything better (oh and I did try) so I took the good and ignored the bad and got on with it...I won't ever sell you or anyone on a higher power--that's a personal choice. I just wanted to know if the universe was on my side or not. For me it turned out that I alone get to answer that question and I finally decided that the universe was going to be on my side...and then it was. I know that sounds magical but I can't explain it better than that...I too had problems with the big book but I tried to see it like a history book and I can learn from history (although I didn't like the idea that I couldn't seem to learn from my own history--it happened but it took some time). I'm an engineer so I had a huge problem with the science--there really isn't any worth a damn. I went through more than 10 rehabs and while they helped me clean up they certainly couldn't keep me that way. I remember complaining about the poor ROI...And people...I sure wasn't looking for any new friends but somehow I concluded I needed people warts and all. Some groups are better than others (no matter what program I tried) but they're still people and if I randomly picked 20 people for a group I'd immediately hate 4 of them find 6 of them to be morons 3 to be liars etc. If I could vaporize each one with an unacceptable flaw they'd all be gone by the end of the meeting. What choice did I really have? I think you get my point. ..I just got to the point where I almost died from my contempt and just didn't care anymore about my terms and conditions. That was a very bitter pill. Eventually when I got my life back the pill didn't seem so bitter anymore...TL;DR: I ended up doing what looked easiest. I sure hope you find something you can live with. You can do it.
[deleted]
You say that 90% of the meeting trigger you; what works in the 10% that don't?..Nothing in AA says you have to go to formal meetings; all it says is anytime two or more people get together and talk about their problem they can call it an AA meeting...I assume you've made at least a few friends in AA maybe you could try calling/meeting with them on a daily basis and talk about the things that will keep you sober...In other words find the things in AA that have worked for you one day at a time and stop worrying about the rest.
[deleted]
I'm a happy AA member (1 yr sober) but it's _definitely_ not the only way to get sober.  I'd check out SMART for sure. They have online meetings in addition to f2f.  ..Sorry AA hasn't worked out for you. FWIW I've heard plenty of atheists in there. But for sure there's a lot of God (probably less in NYC where I live than almost anywhere else but still plenty of it).
AA changed my life and works wonders for me but I can only speak for me alone. Maybe try to get one on one with an addiction specialist to talk about your options? I only know about SMART recovery which I've heard good things about. I understand why some people get defensive about AA but at the same time I don't think it's right. If someone wants to see what else is out there AA will always be the if they change their mind in the future anyways. Best of luck to you. 
