-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1f0d8c/saturday_share_by_pjmurphy_grab_a_coffee_its_a/

Well it's only 22:25 EST on Friday but since Reddit spans the world it's already Saturday in most of it. Here's my go at a Saturday Share. I'm copy-and-pasting so I hope the formatting works....  ..My name is PJMurphy and I am an alcoholic.  ..I was born in 1961 which means that I'll be turning 52 this year. I grew up in the 1960's and 1970's which was a pretty interesting time. I remember dial telephones and actually having to get up and walk over to the TV in order to change the channel. I grew up in a middle-class family and had everything I needed and most of what I wanted.  ..Dad started working as a salesman for a beer company when I was 5 or 6 years old. It was like living in a beer commercial. Before I had a single dark hair below my eyebrows I was a walking billboard for beer. I had T-shirts jackets sport bags bottle openers keychains ball caps sport bags you name it. All with a beer label on them. And I could get this stuff for my friends and for my friend's dads.  ..This made me a little bit of a big shot. Also I can remember accompanying my Dad on his rounds to the bars where he would meet with the owners. They would pat me on the shoulder and tell me what a great guy my Dad was then they'd give me a cheeseburger and all the pop I could drink.  ..I loved these smoky places even then with their strange aromas and stranger people doing things I had only seen on TV. They were playing pool and chatting and laughing and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Seeing a kid in the bar was an unusual experience and they would look over and smile at me. I wanted to be one of them once I grew up. I got my wish.  ..Of course I never saw the dark side of alcohol back then...that was knowledge that took decades to acquire. But now I know that a little bit of the money that bought me a new bike for my 11th birthday came from a dark place.  ..Once I got to be a teenager I begged Dad to reach out to his network of contacts and get me a job. I wasn't of legal age to work with alcohol but at age 15 I got a job as a busboy in a hotel restaurant in downtown Toronto. This is where my eyes were opened to an amazing variety of experiences. I would hang out in the pinball arcades and pool shops and I would sneak into strip clubs for my first glimpses of nekkid women. Back then the rules surrounding alcohol and minors weren't as rigidly enforced and a generous tip and a kind word would usually get me a beer or two.  ..There was always a few cases of beer at the house. Even though I couldn't buy it I could drink it and give Dad the money to replace it. I would bring a few to a friend's place enough for one or two each but I was careful not to get hammered or allow my friends to for fear of losing the Magic Unending Supply of Beer.  ..This was also the time of my life when I discovered that alcohol wasn't the only intoxicating molecule on the planet...lol. Anyway things went along rather well for a couple of years when disaster struck. We moved to Thunder Bay.  ..Thunder Bay is a terrible place for a socially awkward loner. At that time there were just under 100000 people there and it was a far cry from the gritty and vibrant streets of Toronto. It did however come with what I thought was a blessing. I came of legal age to work in a bar. And I did.  ..The bar was a big one licenced for 454 and we would often push that capacity past its limits. Thunder Bay was also the only decent sized city between Winnipeg and Toronto and since we offered live music we would get good-quality bands stopping in on their tours either east or west bound. I got to see first-hand exactly what people were like when they drank to excess long before I ever started doing so myself. I saw fights I saw wives begging their drunken husbands to come home I saw infidelity I saw people making complete fools of themselves. Throughout my entire drinking experience I never felt comfortable getting shitfaced in a bar.  ..This is when my drinking really started to pick up steam. I would have a drink going behind the bar and kept a mellow glow going throughout my shift and so did my co-workers. After work we would lock the doors and close the night with a few pitchers of draft and then maybe head over to one of our colleagues apartments for a few more drinks and smoke some dope.  ..This continued for a couple of years and by the end of it I was a weekend drunk. But I got tired of it and moved to Winnipeg with a nice girl I planned to marry and I got a good job. Then in 1983 everthing blew the hell up.  ..I lost the job and the fiancee left me...for another woman. I climbed into a bottle of booze and a bag of dope for a few months. I even moved back to Thunder Bay as I had no job or place to stay..Well what's the worst thing that could happen to a broke budding alcoholic who's living in his parent's basement and has no direction?  ..I know! Here's a great idea! Let's make him into a roadie for a rock band!  ..Rather than be in the same bar every weekend looking at the same faces doing the same things let's head on out on The Road and spend 6 nights a week in a bar different town different bar each week. Let's put him with the center of attention have people buy him drinks smoke him up and give him and the band a choice of parties to go to after the bar closes.  ..Remember too that this was 1983 when AIDS was still called GRID and only bisexual Haitian intravenous drug users had to worry about it.  ..Sex and drugs and rock 'n' roll baby. And I lived it for the better part of a decade. It was the Perfect Storm for an alcoholic and when I left the music business I was a complete alcoholic and a fiend for any molecule that could throw me a buzz.  ..Afterward I got myself a job in a bus factory where everyone would get hammered after work. Even on break a colleague and I would run off and snag a six-pack. We'd down them in the parking lot and leave a swallow or two in the can so it would have enough weight when we threw the empty onto the roof.  ..This was the beginning of my downfall although I didn't know it at the time. I would still make it into work still pay my bills keep well-groomed and functional. But I was a raging alkie drinking myself into a coma most nights.  ..I operated that way for the next 20 years. Although I paid my bills I had no savings. My disposable income went into intoxication and I was fortunate to come out of my dance with cocaine intact. Booze continued to be my only solace.  ..As I mentioned earlier I don't like being drunk in crowds of strangers so I mostly drank alone. I would drink because I was lonely and I was lonely because I was too drunk to go out and socialize. I had no life but booze and my few friends were boozers as well. I wasted so much time and resources....  ..Four years ago I met a wonderful woman I'll call Dee. She stood by and loved me despite what alcohol was doing to me until October 2012 when we got into a really bad fight that turned very ugly. It's one of my greatest shames. She threw me out.  ..Did I stop drinking? Hell no. If anything I picked up the pace. By this time I was downing 375ml of whiskey and 1-2 liters of beer a night every night except weekends where I would jack the whiskey up into the 600ml range.  ..Through Oct and Nov I was desperate to reconcile with Dee but in Dec 2012 she told me she was going to Jamaica with another man. She left on Dec 8.  ..On Dec 7 I drank myself stupid. I remember (vaguely) looking at a website where you can buy heroin and wondering just how much it would take to kill myself with it and how long it would take to get it delivered. I remember considering that the ceiling at work was 20 feet high and if I hung myself there rather than in the basement I would snap my neck rather than choke. Then I stumbled off and passed out.  ..I have this habit of letting my computer go into sleep mode and then when I wake up all I have to do is give the mouse a rub and the computer comes back to life.  ..When I woke up on the morning of Dec 8 the monitor displayed a list of AA meetings in my area for that day.  ../stopdrinking when crosseyed shitfaced Drunk Me leaves a message for Sober Me that it's time to get help I guess it's finally time to listen. At noon on December 8 I walked into my 1st AA meeting and bawling like a baby I finally said "I am PJMurphy and I am an alcoholic."  ..I went into AA thinking that I could learn how to drink like normal people do. I heard tales of how people had run their lives completely into the ground tales of lost jobs wrecked cars blackout fights jail terms and the like. I learned about The Steps but didn't treat them seriously. This whole "God" thing was getting under my skin. I started to think that I wasn't "one of those guys" and that I had it together a bit more than they did. I know ego right?  ..I lasted 60 days and then I relapsed. It was a shitfacing then a few days off then a beer then a day off then 2 beers then a six-pack....you guys know how this story goes. Within 3 or 4 weeks I was right back to my pace.  ..On Friday April 5 2013 I had drunk myself into another coma. In the middle of the night I got up to relieve a full bladder and on the way back to bed I saw that I had poured myself a drink before I passed out but had barely touched it.  ..Despite the fact that I was barely concious and was headed back to bed where I would fall to sleep within seconds I actually diverted to the living room and pounded back the drink. I was literally sleep-drinking. There was no valid reason or purpose to drinking it no benefit nothing other than my alcoholic mind was acting by reflex and couldn't pass up a full glass even under these circumstances.  ..That's more than enough. My dry date is Monday April 8.  ..I jumped into AA with both feet. I have the best sponsor in the game I am working The Steps and I went to 43 meetings in my 1st 30 days. I'm feeling so much better about myself. I have lost weight made friends and I am actually volunteering at a Food Bank which surprises the hell out of everyone who knew me as a selfish drunken bastard.  ..The difference between this and my first try is this: First time around I went Dry this time I went Sober.  ..I have discovered a dormant spirituality that I thought was long gone. I still consider myself an atheist as I do not believe in any particular god but I also recognise that every culture and civilization through history has sought some sort of spiritual connection with the Universe. They can't all be wrong. So I opened my mind to the possibility that there is a conciousness to the Universe and I just call him "Boss".   ..At the beginning of my day I just say "Okay Boss looks like I woke up breathing again. Let's see what we have in store for the day. Do me a favor keep me sober today and try to keep me from fucking things up okay?"  ..At the end of the day I say "Okay Boss let's go over what happened today and try to point out the places where I could have done a better job. By the way thanks for keeping me sober today."  ..That's pretty much the jist of my prayer regimen but I have to tell you it is ESSENTIAL to my recovery. No ifs ands or buts. I can't tell you if it's fantasy or self delusion but what I can tell you is that it's working. And this is coming from a strident if not militant atheist.  ..Working The Steps is also essential. "One" was easy but that "Four" was a cast-iron bitch. It was like ripping the lid off a septic tank and taking a deep whiff. But it was well worth it.  ..Right now I am working toward my "Eight" and "Nine" I'll be there soon. I am happier healthier thinking clearly with more energy. I've lost weight and I have actually had to take a knife and poke an extra hole in my belt. THAT'S a hell of a good feeling. I'm seeing a fantastic and beautiful woman and we're getting along great although she's a "normal" drinker. I still have no idea how she can make a single beer last for a movie and a half.  ..Working toward sobriety is the very best thing I have ever done in my life and I just wish I had done it long ago.  ..Well this really turned out to be a bigger wall of text than I thought it was going to be. You veterans might see a little of yourself in my tale. I am happy that you read it and please keep coming back to /stopdrinking to share your advice and inspiration.  ..You fellow newbies and lurkers I hope you find something in my tale that encourages you to set down the glass for good. My advice to anyone considering quitting is as follows:  ..1) Go to a meeting. Shake the first hand that's offered and say "I've never been to an AA meeting before and I'm a little nervous. Can you help me?"  ..2) If you don't feel comfortable in that meeting go and find another one. Meetings are as different as the people attending them and it often takes several attempts before you find a group that harmonizes with you.  ..3) Get a Sponsor. A Sponsor is a guide nothing more and be sure to pick one you trust and respect. It's also helpful to pick one you can't stand. Your Sponsor isn't there to tickle your chin and hug you he's there to kick your ass when you need it kicked and to help you get well.  ..4) Don't sweat the "God" stuff. Just keep an open mind. If you honestly think there is no Higher Power then you are in disagreement with billions of people now living and throughout history. Are you absolutely 100% certain that there is NO possibility that they might be right and you might be wrong? Just an open mind is all you need.  ..5) Work at getting sober. WORK at it. This is not a quick fix. There is no easy way. We all tried to change our reality without putting in the work and we did it with booze. Took no effort at all and we did manage to change our reality but if you want to change it for the BETTER that's gonna take some work.  ..6) Have faith in yourself and in the program. It is a proven fact that AA has helped millions of people become sober and you can be the next one. These sober people were once just like you and if they can do it so can you.  ..7) If AA isn't for you then find something else but for fuck's sake find SOMETHING. Your chances of getting sober increase dramatically when you participate in a community of people that are also working toward sobriety. That's what /stopdrinking is all about but you really need to find something IRL.  ..TL;DR: Quitting is worth it. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Good share thanks.  And from a fellow newbie keep coming back!
Thanks PJ.  I have no community IRL in support of my sobriety.  AA was difficult for me in the past.  So far I'm doing ok alone but I'm considering giving AA another go this summer.  Can you tell me a bit about how you see being dry vs. being sober in your case?  I'd appreciate it.
Excellent post PJ. I really relate with the uncomfortable feelings. It's certainly not my most favorite feeling but it keeps me sober one more day. 
[deleted]
What an awesome post! Thanks so much for sharing all that. I'm so happy you've found all the happiness you deserve and sobriety to boot!
Hey PJMurphy. Thanks for your words. Even if I am now teary. 
Congratulations.  Thanks for your share. For myself the steps ate also critical to my recovery.  Putting the drink down is one thing moving to a place where it is not an option requires work.
i love these saturday shares. thanks for taking the time to write this out! it's more helpful than you could imagine
Great share PJ and congrats. As another guy who decided to sober up at 50-something I know it ain't easy! The rewards are worth the effort. I'll say hello to T. Bay for you when I'm there with my wife and daughter visiting her family in July.
Amazing post. Thank you for taking the time. You write very well.
*Thank you*
Awesome share ! Thanks !!!
Thank you so much for writing this. It's so helpful to read what other people have to say...I start and end my day with anticipation and review too and it is the most helpful thing ever. I believe in going with the flow of the moment but drinking etc. put me into some bad spots when I took flowing to mean "disregarding reason and responsibility."..Thinking through the day ahead and looking it over at night really helps me feel (and stay) more grounded. And more sane.
the sleepdrinking is defiantly something i can relate to its complete insanity!
