-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1f32dt/just_messaged_for_a_badge_brand_new_feel_likely/

I've just subscribed to this subreddit. That I'm not drinking today is the commitment I've made. I'm making this post kind of quickly to say hi and may post something more in-depth about myself and drinking later if things go well...I feel like I have low expectations for myself and my commitment right now and that I'm likely to relapse. How big a shame is it to have to dial your badge back to day 1? I've had a fear of committing to sobriety partly because of this like I'll be tarred and feathered if I do. Just knowing that there are other people who have relapsed had to start over and are still part of the community would be a huge reassurance to me right now...EDIT: Thank you so much everyone for all of your support. This has been a great help and I know I can stay sober today. I do still have worries and fears about the future but I really understand the advice you guys are giving I really appreciate that there are other people brave enough to share their own struggles because I know now that I'm not alone in these feelings. Thank you all again.
----------immediate responses--------

Nearly everyone who attempts sobriety has at least one relapse...I had many relapses before achieving a little bit of success...The success has been worth all the effort and all the failures...-Good luck Paul
Whoa!  .You are getting all tangled up in fear and projection...You are here. You have decided there is a problem.  .That is big.  Be happy for that..Tomorrow will take care if itself - tomorrow.
Yeah don't overload yourself on fear and pressure. You'll just get overwhelmed. Decide to go for it today then do something to take your mind off of it. The days go so much more easily when you pay *less* attention. It's counterintuitive but it works.
Welcome and hello WhatIsPants. Feeling shame is for most of us part of the recovery process but you won't be shamed here. People do relapse learn from the experience and hopefully get another chance. You will find wisdom and encouragement here. ..Just take it one day at a time and don't drink today. 
Sobriety is a learning processes.  For some maybe most this learning includes relapse.  If a relapse happens to you it is best to learn from it's lessons rather than focus on the inevitable disappointment and self-incrimination.  With that said I do not think relapses are a necessary part of sobriety and I do not think they should be accepted as such.  You can learn their same lessons without going through a relapse yourself.  Learn from the mistakes of others...The first time I tried to stop drinking I went a month before a relapse. It then took me another seven years to regain sobriety.  I've since understood why I relapsed.  It was largely due to believing the "I'm cured I can drink normally" lie followed by an ever faster slide down that spiral of increased drinking.  If at the time I had been more aware of myself and what it means to be an alcoholic I would not have needed that costly lesson. 
Welcome.  I just "came out" to everyone here with my commitment and plan for sobriety.  Leading up to that moment I quit and relapsed many times.  If you do just make sure to learn something from it and try again.
[deleted]
You've started by giving yourself permission to fail and that is a huge mistake. 
I'm committing today too
If you can't go without a drink today why not try to drink half of what you would normally drink. It's a start!
I just wanted to say welcome. I have the same fear of failure. You are NOT alone. Just don't drink today. PM me if you want to vent/share about fear of failure. I am realizing that this fear has pretty much dictated the course of much of my life so far. I am trying to change that. Starting with this effort to stop alcohol from running my life. Best wishes to you. 
I just had to request a new date after 17 days. Yes it sucks but you know what else sucks? Waking up to realize you've wet the bed because you drank too much wine look at FB and see all of the humiliating stuff you said and endure a vicious hangover...The only thing you can do is start over.
Some people relapse some people don't. Nobody cares which one you are as long as you keep coming back. ..The only question that matters is can you not drink today? If the answer is yes you're doing awesome!
Don't focus on failure don't think of forever...Just don't drink today.  Leave tomorrow for tomorrow.
Commit to being sober right now just for the present moment...Right here right now...Thats how I started.
[deleted]
here's something my old sponsor said to me about this in a nutshell:..many people do relapse. however there's nothing that says you HAVE to become a statistic and do it. don't think of relapse as an option. if it happens it happens and don't fall down some hole of self-defeat - just get back on the wagon. but if you haven't relapsed yet ignore statistics and just focus on YOU not drinking TODAY.
I "went out" in 2009 and it took me over 2 years to hop back on the wagon. Had I just resumed sobriety after that slip I would have saved myself 2 years of hell. In my head I figured "Well I'm out so I might as well stay drunk for awhile!" which was the dumbest idea ever. Don't feel bad for relapsing. It happens and all you have to do is pick up where you left off (and you'll save yourself a million hangovers). Good luck!
