-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1f5l8n/i_need_to_do_me/

Hi everyone. sober 2 days now still struggling because of the hurt I've caused to my family. talked to the nice people at lifering and am doing an AA meeting a day. I need to apologize to them by fixing me. At least that's what I think makes the most sense for me and my situation. I can't change what has happened but I can show that I don't want things to get bad eve again. I want to be happy and happy can be contagious. Your support is quite welcomed too. Help me   keep on my program. Be a support system for me I would greatly appreciate it.
----------immediate responses--------

All the best to you. Just worry about getting through today and constantly replay the reasons you are quitting because your brain will try hard to make you forget those. Write them down and pull them out for review whenever you feel them fading in the face of the desire to have a drink.
[deleted]
I think you have the right idea.  The best thing I can ever do for the people around me is to work on my own sobriety and sanity. ..I also agree with making a list of all bad things and pain that have happened because of drinking.  I made a list going back to my teenage years.  Remembering that pain has helped to keep me sober and is one of the most valuable things I own.
I love this idea of the list. I think i will do one. I have been having "I can handle it now" thoughts. I swear to god i don't know if i will live through another DT session.
The absolute best thing you can do for your family is to stay sober and take care of yourself. If you do that the other things will come like being there for them and being a good son or daughter sister or brother. When I was new I got a sponsor and a service position and tried to hang out with people after meetings even though it was really uncomfortable. I've had a weekend beyond my wildest dreams with my friends in AA: arrested development party saw the iceman saw Star Trek hung out in the park all day today. Surrounded by beautiful women in Brooklyn for the most part too! Just stay sober and the other stuff comes.
i'd say focus only on your recovery for a while. that's what's most important today. get some clean in you before worrying about how you'll fix things. it'll come with time and it will be worth it. ..only my 2 cents. 
When I first heard the serenity prayer I thought was referring to the present situation that I had to deal with then I realized that it was most helpful to me in thinking about the things I had already done.  Start fresh.
AA to me is all about being there for another drunk.  I would be thrilled to be there for you.  I'm having a really hard time not drinking recently.  Perhaps we can help each other get through this...You are at the beginning of an awesome journey.  Stick with AA get a sponsor and do a meeting a day and you'll be well on your way...It gets so much better.  Hang in there!
