-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fbbtf/my_short_story_and_two_honest_questions/

I'm only 26 and I had never been an excessive drinker but on this past Sunday I woke up and realized that I had not been sober a single day out of the past 28 days. It all started off innocently enough- my anxiety had skyrocketed one night and I calmed myself down with two shots. It worked and I slept like a rock so the next night became a repeat. Since it was working so well why not keep repeating? Soon two shots weren't enough and then three weren't enough and then half the bottle wasn't enough. ..I just now passed 61 hours without a drink and what I find absolutely hilarious is that I'm less anxious now than I ever was throughout the whole 4-week binge. I'll still have a few blips of severe anxiety throughout the day and my mind will immediately race back to "just a single shot just to calm the nerves." But I've managed to resist so far and I plan on doing so until my brain realizes that booze is just not the right coping mechanism for my anxiety...Which leads me to my questions. I've done enough skulking on this subreddit over the past couple of days to hear a lot about "learning to control your drinking instead of eliminating it" and "relapses being a possible but not necessary part of your journey." My questions for you lovely people out there are regardless of your personal opinion on these subjects have you actually ever known someone who has successfully come back from an actual "drinking problem" and learned to control their drinking to a healthy-level (that is not zero) PERMANENTLY? Secondly have you ever known anyone that reached their desired level of alcohol consumption (whether it be healthily-controlled or completely abstaining) and maintained this level long-term (subjective word usage I know. Sorry!) without a single "relapse"?..Sorry hope that I was able to phrase those questions delicately and politely as I can; I'm sincerely not trying to sound accusatory or negative or anything like that... I know how damn hard this journey is even after only being on it for 61 hours. :) The scientific part of my brain has just been curious about how common either of those situations occur...Oh and yes going to my first meeting tomorrow evening. :D
----------immediate responses--------

I can tell you I have never relapsed.  I walked into AA on day 0 - 12 Feb 2012 after having an airline bottle Southern Comfort that morning. I have not had a drink since...My Sponsor is 9 years sober in August and he has never relapsed he chased some pussy into an AA meeting drunk and hasn't had a drink since...A good friend alcoholic and meth-head just took 11 years earlier in May she has never relapsed...I know a few others. .
[deleted]
To specifically answer your questions: I have known probably a hundred people with serious drinking problems through my years on this roller coaster. The majority of them I'm still in touch with are 100% sober. The other ones are dead active alcoholics homeless or institutionalized. I do not know *a single person* who has gone from worrying about drinking too much (to the extent of posting about it on an internet forum) to successfully moderating their drinking. ..It's good that you're asking questions but be sure to really be open to the answers.
1 no..2 yes some are able to quit and stay quit without relapse.  Not sure of numbers. But it is not all that rare.  ..Edit I had relapses in the beginning but perhaps that was part of my process of reaching my level?  ..If so add me to that list.  Though just for today and the ( longish) string before.  If you use that definition  lots of people. My sat meeting has many with 102030 years one day at a time.
I learned I can moderate but the thing is that moderation... there is a "fuck-it" switch that gets thrown somewhere. It has to do not with the intake but my mental being.. .I become an angry drunk or a happy drunk or a sad drunk. Even with a little buzz going on. So I decided to quit altogether. What problems I have drinking always made them worse even with moderation.. .The only way I was able to solve my problems was by staying sober. Drinking even small amounts (A beer before dinner or a beer during lunch or a six-pack over a 6 hour time-span over the weekend) would *usually* be ok. . .The thing is when it was bad it went bad. Oh I could socially drink fine! I never had a problem of saying the wrong things never insulted anyone never drank to excess. It was funny because I wouldn't get drunk but everyone around me would so it was a constant reminder "ok don't drink TOO much or I'll be making an ass out of myself". .Social drinking was never ever a problem for me. What was a problem was self-medicating. The only way for me to stop however was to completely stop. It was a hard thing to do still is a difficult thing to do because I always enjoyed and never had a problem with social drinking when others would drink.. .My problem was drinking by myself. So I had to really quit. And it's tough because I do like drinking with others. Always have. It's just by myself that it leads to problems.. .I also have a family. There is nothing worse than feeling a little guilt about snapping at the wife kiddos because I thought I deserved a drink for stress a day's task that went well a bad day a good day... . .So to answer just for me moderation did work ok in social environments. But it always led me to drink alone which would 90% of the time just fuck things up. So I became dry.. .I still to this day don't think I'm sober in mind and body. Even though I don't drink I still crave it during social gatherings. But during the first hour which is stressful as all hell I watch others get stoned drunk. It reminds me of why I quit in the first place because in the social aspect... I was like that by myself. Getting too drunk. Getting shit not done. Making mistakes. Hitting bottom so many times. Except now I could observe others doing the same thing in a social environment... so it reminded me of how I was alone.. .I could take a glass of wine at a family dinner. I'd be fine. I'd watch others get drunk however now that I'm sober and see that it's not really for me.. .I really do prefer to drink by myself. That's why I had to quit.
I'm two years without a relapse. Relapse doesn't have to be part of the process it just is many people's journey. ..&gt;have you actually ever known someone who has successfully come back from an actual "drinking problem" and learned to control their drinking to a healthy-level (that is not zero) PERMANENTLY?..No I haven't. But that's not to say they are not out there. Maybe they are. But I have no idea how I would meet these people so I have a little bit of a bias. I hang around people who abstain or around regular drinkers. 
Unfortunately I don't know anyone who went from having a drinking problem to being able to moderate successfully. It's always the same story: a couple nights of moderating fine then a moment of "screw it" mentality and the binge begins anew...I tried to moderate for years and it was never fun. Planning numbers of drinks types of drinks that were allowed setting time restrictions day restrictions... let's face it people without a problem don't have to make so many rules for themselves. Eventually I admitted that I'm not the kind of person who can moderate and decided to quit for good. It was actually a huge relief just accepting what my body told me for years. ..As for your second question... well it's been almost a year for me and lots of people in this sub that have much more time than that. It's not unusual for people to change. You just have to change your mindset I guess. Be the person you want to be and let go of things that are leading you away from the life you really want to have..
