-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fmr2t/lurked_for_24_hours_and_decided_it_was_time_to/

I decided to quit yesterday after a several day long bender.  I am 30 years old and have had a tendency to binge drink at social functions dating back as early as high school.  It was infrequent enough that it seemed harmless but alcoholic tendencies run in my family and I wasn't careful about my drinking.  Once I got out on my own it was still a weekend only activity.  But in my mid twenties towards the middle of my now 9 year long career I began drinking on weekdays.  Eventually some nights I was having about 8 drinks and pounding caffeine to "cure" (ignore) my hangover the next morning...I work in a high stress environment and there was a heavy drinking culture there among most employees.  This enabled my increasingly lousy behavior: Drinking alone having a beer or two at the end of the day even when working late and continuing the staple weekend outing with friends or coworkers...Eventually I left that job and relocated to be closer to the woman I have loved for many years.  This was right around the first time i experienced withdrawl symptoms.  As I was still harboring a few good habits of diet and exercise that forced me the other direction from the booze.  I was aware each time i over did it.  I would even take week or month long breaks.  I now understand this as relapsing...Shortly after locating we got into a terrible fight and stopped talking for just over a year.  I was also very unhappy with my new job.  I drowned my problems away and cut back a few times here and there but I have experienced awful dependency and withdrawal symptoms this past year and a half.  6 months ago I was sober enough to reach out to the love of my life.  I was very up front and honest about how dark my year apart from her had been and that I felt traumatized and would need her understanding...While having the best intentions I am here writing this six months later because I underestimated how powerful the chemical addiction in my brain has become after five years or regular drinking the past year and a half drinking nearly every day...Well I've had it.  It has certainly caught up with my health my mood and threatens my renewed chance at a happy healthy relationship with someone I have cared deeply about for years...I have hardly slept in 36 hours and much of my time has been reading your stories advice and suggested resources.  I want to join the conversation and hopefully reap the rewards of a symbiotic relationship with this subreddit in encouraging myself and you to stay focused love yourself and build a new life while you still have the time and intelligence to deal with your problem.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
You should know this is the very rough part of getting sober.  It will get easier from here - they say you never have to drink again if you don't want to well you also don't have to go through these initial stages of getting sober again.  ..Make sure you give yourself credit for reaching out and starting on this process.  You can do it.   
Its been a decade of drinking for me. Time on. Time off. Last few years it got very regular. I did not realize alcohol was becoming an elephant in the room for a long time. By the time I realized it it became my friend. I was OK with that existence. Then finally decided to sober up only to relapse and even further embrace a drinking lifestyle. Sickens me. Oh well such is life. Live and learn. ..&gt;*I want what I have and have what I need. Serenity is nothing more than not wishing for a different past.*
Thanks for sharing! And welcome! Keep coming back and good luck to you as you embark on this journey.
