-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fqd5w/advice_about_a_speaker_meeting_please/

So I went to this AA speaker meeting for the first time last week.  A group of young girls came in I'm thinking from a group home or something.  The secretary a man about 50 kept visibly flirting with these young girls while the speaker was speaking.  That offended me and I used it for an excuse to stop for a pint on the way home.  WRONG!  I almost didn't go back but I did last night and the same thing happened again.  .This seems to be a very loose meeting with the speaker cross talking with those sharing..Is this normal for AA meetings?  Should I report the secretary to someone?.BTW I am struggling and feel I get a lot from this subreddit.  I appreciate all of your shares..Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Groups usually moderate themselves pretty well. If you don't like something in particular I think you can bring it up at the group conscience meeting(?). ..Also don't let a couple bad apples ruin the whole batch. Keep going back.
Find another meeting
not normal - odd actually.  From your post down the thread it seems you have tons of meetings to choose from.  Such an awesome thing to have at ones disposal.  Good luck on finding a meeting that's right for you.
There's always a creeper or two in every town.  I went to this one great open discussion meeting and was 13th stepped.  I went home and cried it was before I even reached 2 months of sobriety.  I avoided that meeting for a long time. Then when I went I went with my sponsor.  (her friends are regulars there.) I've seen the guy since then and it doesn't bother me now.  It can be helpful to remember that some people may have stopped drinking but they haven't yet stopped their insanity.  Definitely try other meetings... and if and when you feel up to it check back.  Meetings cycle and change.  Best of luck.
find another meeting--see if there are other folks who have noticed the creepy behavior and combine your anti-creep powers for good.
