-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fqhe3/a_recent_realization/

So it's been 288 days and recently I've been feeling somewhat depressed. It wasn't until some time last week that I realized I don't know how to be a sober person.  Now that doesn't mean I feel like I'm at risk of a relapse.  I'm solid on that front.  What I mean is that I started drinking when I was 15 and finally quit when I was 36... All of my formative years and beyond were fogged over with booze.  I don't know how to think or act like sober people act.  All those years were spent with a general sense of apathy towards pretty much anything other than where my next drink was going to come from.  I got by well enough in my two chosen careers - musician and chef - well enough on raw talent but a lack of any sort of application or discipline kept me from ever being really successful.  I had a few relationships scores of random partners and eventually got married.  That went down the drain as well and we called it quits in 2006.  Cut forward to 2012 and I finally quit drinking.  AWESOME!!!  It feels very powerful to finally be free of addiction.  But now after the fog has lifted I've started to see how stunted my personal development has been over the last 20 or so years.  I find myself having to force discipline or focus.  It's hard to have serious informed discussions with people as I feel like any information or knowledge I have on most subjects is superficial or incomplete.  I also find it hard to relate to people and stay comfortable in social situations for too long.  And I tend to ramble in Reddit posts ;)..Just needed to get that off my chest...TL;DR 288 days sober and finding it hard to adjust to life as a sober person
----------immediate responses--------

I felt the same way.  For me that is where AA helped me the most.  It helped me to be a bit more social.  I had to talk to strangers listen to bullshit from strangers learn to live again with strangers.  It can still be pretty difficult to deal with some but today I can live in a world of strangers and I have got a good rapport with the people I care about.  It really just thought me how to live on a daily basis without losing the plot over stupid things.  I think that is the kind of thing you are on about.  Mixing with people in recovery gives you social skills that you can adapt for yourself into daily life.  Use AA/ Smart/ Lifering / whatever else there is.  It really does work.  I wish you well.  Good luck.
I hear you on the application and discipline angle. I am turning 31 in a couple months. I like my job just fine but it isn't a career and quite frankly I am meeting more and more people my age that are just...doing much more adult things than I am. I've met an astonishing (for me) amount of people my age that own buildings and houses while I am like how did you manage that? I rarely have more than $600 in my bank account if even that. People are also starting to turn into mommies and daddies at an alarming rate and that is awesome but I am just figuring out how to take care of myself. ..It is kind of like when you are a kid and your parents and teachers tell you if you have a problem to find an adult? And now I am looking around going *crap that is me! I'm the adult*. All in all I've got to say I don't feel undeveloped. However sometimes I do feel a little behind.
I'm in the same boat I have no idea how to be a sober adult... getting fucked up is all I've ever known since around the same age as you. Now I find myself a 40 year old man that has no idea how to just 'be'. Let me know if you figure it out ;-)..BTW - congrats on 288 days thats pretty amazing!
I really believe that when we start to use alcohol as an escape we stop developing. When we run and hide from challenges and fears there's no chance for growth. And not to be too Debbie Downer about it but yeah - when the fog starts to lift and we see how much we've missed it sucks. I'm in my 30s and just made my first budget a month ago. I was too scared to face the facts and it was easier to drink those worries away for years. But? I made a damn budget. That's the point of sobriety to me. However stunted we might be we can pick it up and start growing again - hope.
