-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fww6l/working_at_a_gas_station_and_this_just_happened/

Working third shift tonight and a guy who had obviously already been drinking came into my store (via DD) asking if we were still selling beer with a certain urgency in his voice. I recognized the tone because I've asked that question myself. "Is it too late...?"..The next thing I recognized was the relief in his voice when I told him that yes he could in fact still buy beer...I am grateful for the reminder that this was me 400 days ago and this could easily be me again if I choose to pick up again...To everyone here who's struggling this weekend you really don't want to be that guy...do you?
----------immediate responses--------

I used to be that guy. Glad I'm not anymore.
A couple months before I quit I thought the 14 beers in my fridge would be enough. It was gone 30 mins before the stores stopped selling and I wanted more. I told myself I didn't need any more but that didn't last long. 15 minutes later I was putting on my shoes &amp; heading out the door.  I jogged to the liquor store near my house (I never drove after drinking) and thought I was perfectly sober until I tried talking to the guy at the counter. I don't remember what I tried to say probably some bullshit story about how I was having a "party" and was running low. One of the usual lies.  But all that came out of my mouth was slurred jibberish.  I'm sure he didn't understand a word of what I was trying to say but he pretended that he did. Heck he probably got that sort of thing all the time...I spent the rest of the night feeling really ashamed of myself.  Drinking of course to make it all go away.  But all I could think was ... wow.  Here I was believing that I was completely sober thinking that no one would be able to tell that I had had been drinking. That brief exchange gave me a little peek into the reality of my situation and I didn't like what I saw. ..I didn't want to be that guy anymore.  I told myself that I'd make a change the next day. In fact I spent the next 2 months telling myself that I'd stop the next day. But the next day never came. It was always one day away...Today I'm not that guy anymore.  And you don't have to be that guy anymore either.  Don't spend the rest of your life waiting for a tomorrow that will never arrive. Do it now.  Do it today.
[deleted]
Yeah having enough took some calculating.  Having a cushion was good but I knew I would get that much more drunk and I was trying to control THAT aspect of it sorta.
No I don't want to be that guy. Thanks.
I don't!  ..I want to be the guy who sets goals and achieves them.  ..I want to be the guy who doesn't have to drink to feel more comfortable in a social environment.  ..I want to be the guy who is at greater peace with what he can and cannot control.  ..I could go on and on but alcohol has held me back from doing those things for a long time and I'm tired of it. 
Ugh takes me back to waiting for the liquor store to open at noon on Sunday. That feeling of ashamed and wishing I could be doing something normal instead of self destructive. Then the doors would open I'd buy my 750 of vodka and the downfall continued...until one day I told some close people in my life that I needed help. 
I kind of do right now...but certainly better off that I'm not!
Did this happen in Westchester ny?
