-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1g76j9/my_addiction_ruins_friendships/

my addiction is making me into a liar and a terrible person. I am treating someone who went out of their way to help me and care for me like crap by constantly breaking their trust. ..I don't want to be that person anymore but I think i may have nailed the last nail in that coffin. I've even hurt/ruined trust with people from AA meetings that i've just met...I gotta get it together. I don't know how and I lack the ability to do this on my own. I am happy that I am at least in a place where I know that I cannot do this myself and that I need something greater than I to stop this before it destroys everything. ..But i just want to undo the hurt i've cost this past week while i relapsed. 
----------immediate responses--------

My experience is that AA is quite forgiving.  Try it again.
People in AA will forgive you. It's a beautiful thing. Start working on forgiving yourself. Addiction is powerful.
Hi IVGreen...First off you need to take it easy on yourself. *All* alcoholics are liars. Lying cheating and manipulating people are simply some of the practical necessities for being a drunk. Don't take it badly; people gotta do what they gotta do...AA people know this and because of it they will always be glad to see you come back. You need to get yourself out of the mindset that you're a bad person trying to be good. In reality you're an ill person trying to get well. Big difference...In order to succeed in AA you're going to have to learn to love and give to those around you. Before you can do that though you're going to have to stop beating yourself. No one can progress until they're ready to stop doing that. It doesn't help and in fact it's getting in the way of your healing. You might think that self-blame will result in some sort of cleansing by crucible effect but it doesn't. You need to drop it because it's only going to slow you down until you do.
The best way to get people back on your side is to stay sober.  It may take a little time but it does work.  Well it did for me!  They never trusted me until I started taking things seriously.  Getting involved in a group meeting people making tea etc.  Basically I had to become responsible for my own behavior.  I wish you well.  Stick around and it might work Good Luck.
Hi Ivy..You are arm-wrestling with alcohol; it is winning and causing you great anguish. Sharing your post takes courage and indicates a desire for change. The fact that you realize it is too difficult to do alone indicates humility. You have the qualities necessary for recovery...What about going to treatment?
