-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1g8n6t/still_dont_know_how_to_deal_with_rape_not_even/

Hey all I've been sober for five weeks now (my badge is wrong) and I'm still going strong. The problem is I'm struggling in an excruciating way with the catalyst for my sobriety. ..About two months ago I went to the bar with some friends and when they dropped me off at home after the bar closed I grabbed a six pack from the fridge and continued drinking by myself. I wandered out of my apartment at some point and met a couple of people outside a man and a woman. To my knowledge neither of them were drunk and the woman in particular seemed happy to look out for me. My memory of all this is fairly clear...What's not clear is what happened next. The woman disappeared and I ended up in my apartment with the man. I blacked out after this and can't remember a thing. All I know is that when my memory came back we were on the floor and my tights were pulled down and the man was inside me. I remember feeling incredibly disoriented before figuring out what was happening. First i realized i was having sex then thought it was my boyfriend then realized it was this stranger. After the realization I pushed him off made him leave the apartment and called my boyfriend instantly...My boyfriend was furious on the phone and in my drunken state his anger with me took me by surprise. In midst of the confusion and trauma I guess I was expecting him to come over and comfort me. Instead he stopped talking to me for a week the most painful week of my life and then we broke up...We are reconnecting now and the disconnect of the incident continues to loom between us. My ex still blames me. Part of me still blames me. I didn't know this guy wasn't attracted to him and wouldn't have consented had I been in the right mind. I can honestly say that no small part of me wanted it. My friends who supported me in the aftermath and have been helping me since refuse to let me entertain the idea that it's my fault. They want me to address the drinking problem (they've even been dragging me to open AA meetings) but say that's the only thing I'm responsible for. They are also pressuring me quite strongly not to reconnect with my ex who I still love...I'm struggling because I don't know what to call this. If I call it rape I feel like I'm undermining other women's experiences of much more violent assault. If I call it rape I'll be forced to come to terms with my ex's abandonment and coldness during an extremely traumatic time. If I call it rape I'm going to have to acknowledge that my ex isn't being a good person and that information just isn't consistent with what I know about him. It just doesn't add up...If I don't call it rape however I'm letting women down everywhere by implying that the act of getting drunk means a woman deserves to be taken advantage of. If I don't call it rape I'm absolving men of the responsibility they have to not take advantage of visibly painfully slurringly stumblingly drunk women. If I don't call it rape I'm letting down my friends who want me to be strong and get angry and let myself off the hook...What do I call it? And is there any way to get through this while keeping my image of all the good people I love including my boyfriend in tact?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know what you should call it.  I do know I've behaved while in blackout in ways that others around me while maybe being aware of my inebriation would not have thought I was incapacitated.  ..
I am truly sorry for what has happened to you.  First place to start is call a Rape Crisis Center and talk to someone to help you.  
Wow.  That's a tough situation.  I'm seeing a therapist because I'm having trouble communicating with my wife.  That's like a grain of sand compared to the issues you're dealing with right now.  I think you might find it helpful to find a therapist that you can discuss this with...I think your friends have the right idea.  Seems like alcohol is causing problems in your life.  You might consider giving it up...Regardless of what you call it it's an awful traumatic experience you've been through.  It's the kind that could mess you up for a long time...Good luck.
I'm sorry for your situation. To be honest I'm not sure what you call it. Because you refer to your memory loss but not actual unconsciousness. You don't seem to really remember what happened but for a moment of clarity where you wanted to stop having sex and he obliged. I can't tell if he also had anything to drink and neither can you (although it appears he was no as drunk as you)...I hate to say this but I can understand how your boyfriend feels. In his eyes you put yourself in a vulnerable situation and may or may not have agreed to have sex with a stranger due to your inebriated state.  Or you could have been raped. Nobody knows...Getting drunk doesn't mean you deserve to be taken advantage of but it also doesn't absolve you of your actions. There are A LOT of variables here obviously there is a difference between stoned cold sober taking advantage of COMPLETE belligerence but there is also a lot of gray area in between that. And in my opinion it needs to be pretty extreme to be called "rape" in the criminal sense. Getting drunk and having sex is not rape.. and because you can't remember if you consented or not I don't really know what to make of it...Just my two cents. sorry if I sound like a jerk
&gt;If I call it rape I'll be forced to come to terms with my ex's abandonment and coldness during an extremely traumatic time. If I call it rape I'm going to have to acknowledge that my ex isn't being a good person and that information just isn't consistent with what I know about him. It just doesn't add up..If I don't call it rape however I'm letting women down everywhere by implying that the act of getting drunk means a woman deserves to be taken advantage of. If I don't call it rape I'm absolving men of the responsibility they have to not take advantage of visibly painfully slurringly stumblingly drunk women. If I don't call it rape I'm letting down my friends who want me to be strong and get angry and let myself off the hook.&gt;..Okay so I have been in this exact same situation. Like almost exactly. It was years ago and I was in the czech republic smashed off absinthe. I was on a bar crawl with other hostel patrons met a local who fed me lots of shots promised to walk me home and when I came to sex in a public park was happening - and that IS NOT something I would have welcomed in any other state. I felt like it was rape I called it that and then I lied and told my friends and family that he had hit me in the back of the head because I felt like whatever happened was kinda my fault because I got into the situation I was afraid to tell the real story because I felt like a stupid slut who got into a dumb situation (and it would prove everyone's fears that I shouldn't be travelling alone were correct) blah blah. I needed to lie because I was so ashamed of myself....Listen....I know you know this but it is not your fault. It was not my fault either. That does not mean I never feel overwhelmingly guilty or sad about it when I think about it. It still messes me up and I am often not sure what to call it. If it makes you feel better to call it one or the other and you feel it was unwanted (and you do NOT NEED TO JUSTIFY THIS TO ANYONE!!! saying "I can honestly say that no small part of me wanted it." just shows that our society and culture wants you to feel responsible for your own assault - this was not something you did. He did this to you - do not apologize) call it rape. There is no black and white it is all gray....And as for the boyfriend. It is always said on any online forum that someone who treats you like that should be kicked to the curb - easier said then done though and I know it. I am willing to bet as you learn to love yourself more and more on your journey of sobriety you will realize that this is not someone who loves you and who cares for you - or their immediate response would have been to comfort you not chastise you and make you feel like this was your fault....Again. This is not your fault....Pm me if you want to talk. You'll get through this. &lt;3..*sorry for wall of text y'all*.
It wasn't rape. You got drunk and hooked up with a guy. You took him back to your apartment. When you wanted it to stop he got up and left. ..Your boyfriend is angry because you cheated on him and now you want to hide behind rape. ..You're diminishing the experience of women who actually have been raped. Like knife to the throat ambushed in a parking lot rape. Not drunken hookup I regret "rape". You're also throwing around a very heavy accusation that could come back to ruin this guy's life. ..Take responsibility for your actions. You got drunk and made some shitty decisions. ..A good friend of mine almost had his life destroyed by this type of bullshit. ..
First to Mr. Poopmachine...you certainly have an appropriate moniker.  Seems to me that you have just strewn it all over a perfectly good space to provide bona fide feedback to a very well articulated personal exposure of honest vulnerability pain and uncertainty...I was once raped.  No need to go into the particulars it was almost the same scenario as MeginAustin's.  Except in this case I am a male raped by another male.  I woke up stretched over the side of my hotel room bed with my pants around my ankles and bleeding from my rectum...Believe me sir...I had a beautiful wife and two young children and I didn't make any decision...it was made for me.  I suffered through that horrific experience in silence...to ashamed to tell anyone especially my wife.  That incident happened over 20 years ago and I haven't breathed a word of it until just this moment...So to you Sir...until you have more control over your own testosterone-addled brain please refrain from condemning a person who has the courage to openly ask for help in a forum like this and bare her personal anguish and pain.  I'll tell you I can't even fathom why you would write as you did...To MeganAustin...you have done what I could not bring myself to do and. thereby have given me the courage to also share something so raw and sensitive that I have carried it all these years.  One of the wonderful things I have learned in recovery is that fault and blame for things we have done or had done to us is irrelevant.  My single and only focus today is to continue to make my way forward with a clear mind and faith that I will be dependable to myself in what is certainly the most important challenge of my life.  Any one of us can do that and no one can stop us.  ..Thank you so much for sharing with such honesty authenticity and personal integrity.  I am sure you have helped many people with this and I am one of them. .  
It seems to me the only thing you can do anything about is your drinking...The incident happened.  It was bad what it was exactly I can not say.  I have seen people in blackouts appear " functional". And yes you were taken advantage of.  I am not sure dissecting it does much good.  If the incident is your bottom - some good will come of it...Therapy is called for but first and foremost stopping drinking. Now.....
First of all I'm very sorry this happened to you and I hope you stay strong and don't blame yourself. You seem to be going about this the right way and I urge you to seek help...I'm not going to say if it was rape or not because it's really not my place to say. However it might be helpful to imagine if it had been your boyfriend who had gotten blackout drunk and had sex with a woman that he did not know and did not want to have sex with. Would you consider it rape in that scenario? .
Never having experienced anything like this I don't feel entirely qualified to give you advice and support here. However seeing some of the comments that have popped up here I feel that I need to speak up. ..#1. I don't know who "poopmachine" is and I've never seen him post here before - it seems he has some serious personal problems and followed the word "rape" here. I'm sorry that you've had to deal with his BS on top of an already awful situation...#2. I have a very hard time imagining that someone in a blackout was capable of projecting something that could be reasonably interpreted as "consent." Regardless what you experienced definitely happened without your active consent and I'm very sorry that this happened. I agree with MommyToFive - you should contact a rape crisis center of some sort to find people who are qualified to help...#3. It seems you understand that sobriety is the best path for you. Keep this up - no bad situation was ever made better by alcohol. While I understand if you don't want to continue posting here after some of the comments you've received I hope that you can find some place to connect with other sober people - and I believe that the majority of this community would be glad to have you. Much love and respect to you.
I don't have any words except I am so sorry this happened to you and I hope you are able to heal.
There are many things it could be called but the most direct is "consequence". Your friends are right you are responsible for your drinking and for getting better and that's the most important thing right now. .
