-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1g8z2g/i_have_done_a_complete_180/

After 180 days sober and approaching 6 months of sobriety my life has completely changed.  To anyone that is struggling with early sobriety or thinking of becoming sober it is possible.  I'm 23 years old and was already drinking a fifth or more of hard liquor on a daily basis . My life was spiraling out of control.  I had no job no self-worth and absolutely nothing to show for myself.  I was a shell of a person. I absolutely hated myself and the only way I could numb that feeling was by drinking.  After many relapses while trying to quit drinking on my own I finally admitted I needed help.  I checked into a detox center for four days.  After detox I went through and intensive outpatient  therapy group.  I loved the support from it.  I completed the therapy but still continue to go to an aftercare group that is provided for those that have graduated.  ..Good things come when you are sober.  The last 180 days have not been perfect.  Since I have been unemployed for the majority of that time searching for a job would be quite discouraging at times but I never picked up a drink.  Through hard work I was fortunate enough to find full time employment.  I am in my second week of work and feel so good.  If I had been drinking I would not have been able to get the job I have now.  ..My point is sobriety is possible.  While it feels good to say I have 180 days of sobriety I struggle just as much as those with 1 day of sobriety.  The only thing that I have done to get where I am at is by taking it one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

'one day at a time' i hated that expression 2 months ago now its my number 1 tool!
Congrats on the turnaround! Sounds like you're doin' pretty good!..I hear you on one day at a time. That's the only way I could ever get *started* and I suspect I'll probably have the same mentality for a long while to come. I mean it *works* eh?..Sobriety makes so many things possible; it's kind of surprisingly-amazing whenever I think about it. :)
Well said and very encouraging. Good job Mr. Mike!..Yesterday is history tomorrow is a mystery. All we have is today. 
Well done!!! It takes real courage to stay sober when the chips are done but the payoff is much greater.  Glad to hear it life gets so much better.  Best of luck at your new job!!!
that's great! congrats on the employment. I've got an interview this afternoon. amazing what a bit of sobriety can do!
Congratulations...If you are still struggling you might consider supplementing your after care with smart recovery or AA.  I for one needed all the help I could get.
Great post!..I remember the feeling that sobriety was completely impossible.   I remember waking up hungover and promising myself I would not drink that day only to have 4pm roll around and I would conclude "Not drinking is completely out of the question."..It was all crap.  But I could never have figured that out by myself.   Now it's the most obvious thing in the world.   Thank you SD.
YOU are AWESOME!  Good work!
