-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1gl0yc/my_two_month_report_thanks_to_the_alcohol_lied_to/

Two months ago I submitted this: [It starts today.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cqias/it_starts_today/)..I downloaded Craig Beck's *The Alcohol Lied To Me* almost immediately and it seriously just changed the whole way alcohol occurs for me. I read Allen's Carr book afterward and I didn't find it as effective but maybe because I'd just read TALTM. ..I don't know how to describe my experience without it sounding a bit unbelievable but over the years I would take a month a year off drinking and the whole time it would be an absolute struggle like I was missing out while everyone was having fun and as soon as my month was up I'd be straight back into the partying...Halfway through reading the book I was out at lunch with some friends and they were sharing a bottle of wine. Normally I would have a couple of glasses but the whole scenario suddenly looked very different to me - I started to see the wine as the 'attractively packaged poison' that Craig describes in the book. I saw how socially acceptable it was to share this poison around the table and how much agreement there was amongst everyone that this behaviour was normal - that it's normal to put this liquid in our bodies and alter our state of mind when we are out at lunch. And then I saw it everywhere. I went clubbing with some friends and saw how ridiculous drunk people look how stupid and unattractive they are. I saw how much money people dropped on it. It just seemed surreal. I haven't craved a drink since then. ..I know that there are so many ways that a person can look at alcohol but seeing things this way has made my sobriety not only easy but I feel so happy to not be in the trap anymore. I feel powerful around alcohol and I only wish that this way of thinking was more prevalent in our society. So many of my friends complain about not having any money all the while spending a good chunk of their budgets on alcohol. I don't spend any money when I go out now. My wallet thanks me for my choice :)..I don't know if this is very uplifting for anyone but I just wanted to recommend this book and share my success. Best wishes to everybody keep going!
----------immediate responses--------

This really sounds like something I should read.  Thank you so much for posting this!
I also thought that book was good...Congrats!
Thanks for the recommendation been looking for something to read
That's awesome tatianametanov.  59 days is awesome too...FYI: Your endorsement of "Alcohol Lied To Me" just caused me to buy it myself.  I'm going to put Cryptonomicon back on the shelf and start reading that tonight.  Thanks for the recommendation...Have a great 24 and you'll be celebrating 2 months tomorrow!  Keep it up!
That's awesome.  ..I was successful with Allen Carr on both the drinking and smoking fronts and because of his books I now know that modifying how you perceive the poison is the most important aspect of recovery...one that most people have trouble addressing...I love seeing books that continue to address this angle...so I might just pick this up and give it a read......and congrats on 2 months!
Well done! 2 months is really something to be proud of. I really like your outlook on alcohol; when I was two or three months sober I needed to be constantly and consciously reminding myself that alcohol is just socially acceptable poison but now that's just habit. As quickly as we can get hooked on drinking or develop any other bad habit our brains can relearn how to act in social (or generally drinky) situations. As time has gone on I think less about the trades I need to make and instead find myself being proud of the ones I already made to get to this point where I don't even want to drink...I guess I needed to think about 2 months to appreciate 7 months haha! Congratulations again and thank you for posting :)
Here's an image from the pdf:..http://imgur.com/36xrxXb..Evidently you need to spend some cash to get the most benefit..I'm not saying that this is necessarily bad I just wanted to point out that there are some scams making money from other's pain.  So be careful.
Always looking for good books to read.  I will likely have 1/2 of this read by 5PM today if it's on kindle.
This book sounds excellent I may have to pick it up.  Thank you for sharing and most importantly CONGRATS!! 
Nice work.  I have the audio version.  Did you just read it or try the hypnosis techniques?   The audio book has them at the end.
I'm really trying to get into that same headspace -- it would make abstinence so much easier. ..With smoking it's easier to convince myself that it's really ALL bad (and now I have no desire to smoke). With drinking I'm inundated with messages about how wine is good for you or good drinks are important for a party or wedding etc. Wine is a way of life in Sonoma (where I live). ..I'm trying to remember that even if alcohol is okay for some people it is poison for ME. I've never responded well to it and I don't think that's going to change. It's a constant struggle though.
