-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1gyakr/2000_miles_seemed_to_do_the_trickhope_it_lasts/

Wall of text!..My story probably isn't unique. I've been a "problem drinker" for almost 5 years - it began as a maladaptive strategy to deal with the unexpected death of someone close to me and then I never really stopped. I knew all along it was a problem. At first I didn't care but once I started to care I found it wasn't very easy to stop. I really have no idea how I've made it so far in life in spite of myself. I went through periods where I'd drink daily and wake up with a hangover 4 or 5 days of the week. I was drinking secretly and struggling with terrible anxiety. I'd have brief periods of remission that might last a couple weeks during which I'd "only" drink (read: get wasted) on the weekends but I always fell back to drinking at least a bottle of wine 4-6 days of the week - sometimes much more...I have a great boyfriend who I don't think really knows how bad I was sometimes although he has mentioned that I'm not a "pleasant" drunk (this statement was made after a particularly embarrassing incident that I won't get into). After that I made it a point not to get drunk around him but since he is so busy (he is working on a graduate degree) I have plenty of opportunity to drink without him. Somehow I still managed to hold down a part-time research job while also working on a graduate degree - I'm going to graduate in 6 months from a top school and I landed a great internship on the other side of the country which is where I'm currently at...At first I made a promise to myself that I'd take it easy out here and not drink very much - I'd be too poor to keep up my habits anyway. That lasted about 4 days. I spent too much money on booze (hey I had to try all the new craft beers - that was my excuse) and my anxiety was awful. But something clicked in me last week that made me realize what a big waste it all was. Here I was with the opportunity of a lifetime to experience a different part of the country and really excel at this internship and I was throwing it away for...craft beer? To get too drunk to remember going to sleep and feeling terrible and worthless in the morning? Not to mention the fact that the long-distance aspect of my relationship was made about 100x worse by my alcohol-induced anxiety. I decided 9 days ago that I really needed to make a concerted effort to quit...In 9 days I've made incredible progress at my internship gone to 4 yoga classes improved my diet and started watching Star Trek TOS from the beginning (note: I love Star Trek but I don't think I've ever seen an episode sober. It's so much better when you can remember the details...). I average about 10 miles a day walking and exploring. This morning I woke up at 7:30 to walk 3 miles to go to a yoga class VOLUNTARILY. I can't remember the last time I woke up at 7:30 on a weekend feeling so refreshed and energized. In a phone conversation yesterday my bf expressed appreciation that I've been so much more understanding about his stress levels and this whole long distance thing (it's amazing how much easier it is to have empathy and understanding when you aren't constantly suffering from alcohol anxiety!)...The crazy thing is...It's only been 9 days but I don't even miss it. I hope this lasts. I feel like a huge weight has been lifted and now I'm really experiencing life for the first time in forever...TL;DR I replaced alcohol with tea and yoga and my life is 10000000x better.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! Great story. Very happy for you. Thanks for sharing.
Craft beer yoga exploring...you wouldn't happen to be in Boulder CO would ya?  I'm starting a grad program there in August and am in a pretty similar situation overall.  Regardless great job and good luck!
Well done you're clarity in seeing the benefits already is awesome that's great keep it up :)
Nice coping strategy. Be passionate about your new lifestyle and it will reward you.
