-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1h3bkk/loosing_faith_in_alcoholics_anonymous_relapsed_at/

I have been going to AA almost daily and really trying to stay active in the program and credit the program for helping me get to 28 days sober. I have been dedicating a lot of my time to make meetings and stay active in AA while ignoring my other problems I need to fix. ..Yesterday I was trying to work on my problems and had a lot of emotions come to the surface and I was feeling really depressed lonely and hopeless again. I decided to call some people from AA to talk about the problems I was having and the only answer they gave me was "go to a meeting!"...That was the first time I felt like I was in a cult or something like that. I came to realize that instead of drinking to escape from my problems and feel better I am using AA to feel better and not have to deal with my issues. ..Moving forward I am going to continue in AA but I think I will only go about 2-3 days a week. I honestly think it helps and I enjoy meetings but it is not going to solve the problems I am having in my life. It will help me to deal with some issues but its just one tool for me to maintain my sobriety. I will take what helps me but leave the rest. ..Has anyone ever experienced something like this?...
----------immediate responses--------

Where are you in the steps? The meetings are irrelevent without the steps.
[deleted]
Maybe AA is just not suitable for your needs. I was in and out of that fellowships for years before I realized that it just wasn't right for me. I needed to do something different. ..If you feel that the meetings are helping you it makes sense that you should continue going. I would suggest that you try some other resources as well though. I don't believe this should be about people fitting in with any one program - it's about people finding the path that is going to work for them. It is understandable that those who are doing well in recovery want to promote the tools that worked for them but remember that it is your arse on the line here. 
AA is supposed to be a bridge back to life.  One reason to go to a meeting when you are depressed is to listen to other people's problems so you can see that yours are not insurmountable.  Old AA adage = if we all put our problems on the floor we'd fight to get our own problems back.
Another AA adage: If an alcoholic thief gets sober then what you have is a sober thief...Sometimes the answer "go to a meeting" is a brush off from someone who is too busy or doesn't want to hear it. Others just regurgitate what they were told when they were new. Mostly it is just a good solution. It used to be that I could always use a drink. Now I can always use a meeting...Do you have a sponsor? A sponsor is the one person who is not supposed to brush you off. And yes steps--so important. Meetings are a lot of good things but one of those things is that some of them are like seminars for the steps (especially step studies). 
[deleted]
I wonder how often "go to a meeting" are code words for "I'm not interested in dealing with you right now".  I certainly will admit that there are times where I feel like this.  I'll read some post here or some person chatting on #stopdrinking and I'll just sigh and not really give a damn and wish they'd just shut up and get sober already.  While other times I'll be really into engaging and try to help even if they may be currently drunk or naturally belligerent and illogical...Anyways for whatever my opinion is worth I don't think reducing AA meeting attendance is a bad thing and may even help you.  But it's probably a good idea to monitor yourself a bit more closely.  If you start getting that old feeling for drinking then do something to counter it.
You're supposed to go to a meeting when you're feeling upset to talk it out. Depending on the meeting sometimes people will come up to you afterwards and give advice. Also sometimes the topic will be relational to your situation so it helps. 
Yeah but it passes.  To parrot Dagwood  AA has been described as a bridge back to life.    .And the steps are an incredible set of tools for resolving and dealing with other issues including why you drank in the first place.  .You are not the first person to slip but hopefully it will be your last.
Yes.  I was going to a meeting a day.  I really needed it in the beginning.  Once I started feeling better which was around the 1-2 month mark I thought "Okay I am getting a hang of this sobriety thing.  Now I need to work on me.  I am going to cut back on these meetings.  Some of these people are really fucking annoying and I think I have heard just about everything I need to."  So I tried that for a few days and my life became extremely unmanagable and depressing and I was discontent.  So anyways long story short I go to at least 6 meetings a week now.  But thats me.  I have a messed up head.  ..I asked somebody once "How many of these meeting things do I need to go to every week?  I go everyday and think that might be too much."  He replied "Keep cutting back one meeting a week until you drink.  Then you'll know for sure."
AA gave me accountability in the beginning something I really needed.  I would not have had a start at sobriety without it.  Having said that AA is IN NO way the only thing that is allowing me to remain sober for any length of time.  If I relied on AA alone I'd be DOOMED.  Therapy exercise books self-reflection meditation and a bunch more not related to AA at all.  AA at the moment is a reminder for me - I'm starting to like new comer meetings a lot.  I have not completed the 12 steps but plan to over the course of my sober life because I think there are some good points to cover but again if I thought of AA as my only outlet for sobriety I'd feel at odds with my recovery...I know AA is all or nothing for some folks and I respect that please don't misunderstand.
A few questions to get you thinking a bit.....Why didn't you take the suggestions and actually go to the meeting and as the topic specifically share how you were feeling while in a general way describing the problems?  Why didn't you follow the instructions of AA members who've been where you're at and have taken the action to sober up/stay sober?  Was it because it wasn't what you wanted at the time?  Do you always need to have everything on your terms your timeline the way you want?  Where is the "surrender" in you suggested by the first 3 steps? ..I agree that the rooms themselves aren't going to solve your problem.  That's what the entire AA program is for.  The book states that it's own purpose is to help you find a power greater then yourself which can solve your problem (selfish self-centeredness).  The combination of the steps + service + unity of purpose = a trifecta of awesomeness for alcoholics...You're going to have to have a bit of patience though.  Things aren't always going to happen in your time frames.  Looking at all of your problems together will seem overwhelming.  You pick one manageable thing first and start working on it in appropriate fashion because that's all you can do.  One thing at a time.  One step at a time. One action at a time. One breath at a time.  Don't crap all over the journey on the way to the destination.
Look into SMART also the Allen Carr book (which is hyper critical of AA) may also be of use to you. Also see the other AA related thread on here called "AA is a crock of shit" as there are some recommendations for that guy.
[deleted]
