-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1h3yrd/56_year_old_alcoholic_struggling_for_answers/

Hello everyone It's been a rough journey since April 19th. I guess I have to reset my badge to the number 3 at this time. I've been trying to seek professional help for over the past two weeks. I thought Detox places would take care of you ranging from 3-5 days up to say six Months. What an education I've been getting. 99 % of the Detox places I called basically do what they referred to as a "Spin and dry"  3-5 days and out the door you go. I'm convinced I need to go away to a sober / halfway house for at least a Month probably 3-6 Months. . I'm on Disability and have Medicare parts A and B . Alot of places don't except Medicare alone. Also I've found where I live which is in Mass. New England area USA We have the fewest long term places IE Sober houses in the U.S. I'm very frustrated now. Any advise out there? Please submit. Thank you all for your time. God bless you all Chris
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Chris. Welcome. Sorry that you're having so much trouble but I think that what you're facing right now is fairly typical as sad as that is...I don't know anything about your particular area but have you tried contacting the local district office of AA? Other alcoholics are going to be be your best resource for information on sober living facilities rehabs etc. and AA is the surest way to meet a number of them. It might be that there are people who have already been through your circumstance and who can help guide you through the system...As you go through this journey just know that there are people who are willing and glad to help if you're willing to ask for and accept their help. For me and for a lot of people like me help was given so readily and so freely that I am forever obliged to help the next drunk out in any way that I can. I know that's a sentiment a lot of us have.
There are often "informal" sober houses where a group of AA members live together.  You also might try Graymore in ny state.
[deleted]
I don't have any advice to offer but just want to say - keep trying and hang in there. Hugs.
Hi Chris..Try contacting the Salvation Army.  In my state 55 qualifies as a senior citizen. We have a center for aging and disabilities which helps people in situations like this. Research if there is anything similar in your area. ..Good luck!
[deleted]
Go to AA meetings - a lot of them get to as many as you can in the first 6 months. I had no problem stopping but staying stopped I couldn't do until I learned how to in AA. ..Good luck - odds are good you'll find out where your local dry houses are through talking to people who go to AA. There's a couple in my city run by charities and they all like it if you attend AA -it makes their outcomes/stats better.
"Spin and dry"...wow.  In my opinion any detox that isn't at least a week long isn't worth doing and may be counter-productive.  I'm almost 10 years older than you and two years ago somehow got myself into detox for a week prior to going to rehab.  .Even that was not enough time...I spent the first week in rehab in pretty heavy duty withdrawal. At 3-5 days I was still flopping around like a fish couldn't eat and could barely get two thoughts together to talk.  ..Plus it is dangerous...heroin withdrawal is not life threatening but alcohol withdrawal is.  Not a good idea to "man up" and go cold turkey if you have been at it for a long time and pretty heavy...In my opinion these half measures don't help and can hurt.  Even without the health risk each time I failed I lost a little bit more of the sense that I could make it. We have enough challenges without setting ourselves up like that. ..
Call your local AA and make meetings.  Network with the people you meet and get real answers.  Good luck.
Did a quick google and found [this for your area.](http://interventionamerica.org/Inpatient_Rehab/Searchdirectory.cfm?State=MA) Probably look for a facility that has medical detox.  Or detox then go inpatient...As for living arrangments when I was in rehab there were quite a few people who were going to live in an Oxford House when they left rehab.  A somewhat loosley structured situation where you live with others in recovery pay rent and promise to stay sober.  I was pretty amazed at how many there were.  These aren't a facility just largish homes. I'm sorry I don't have more info about that...If you feel like you need inpatient try not to worry about the cost.  I can pretty much guarantee that the cost if you don't get sober is more than you can afford.  You might have to travel a ways but that's ok.  Where I was at there were people that lived 10 hours away.  They will also have tons of resources for you and can help with your transition bavk to the "real world"...Stay strong!
