-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1h6y5k/just_a_checkin_at_255_days/

28/m here checking in and posting an update mostly just incase it could be a resource for anyone. ...255 days without alcohol and things are going pretty great. I am still around alcohol often because most of my friends drink and that is not difficult or tempting for me I don't miss "being able" to drink or feel jealous that I can't... originally I felt all of those things but the more distance I get the more I realize how not sexy it is to "need" to drink to be able to interact with people openly. And to get shitty and tell the same stories over and over- definitely not sexy. To be the most clear-headed and articulate person at the table who wakes up feeling awesome and not regretting the dumb shit they said the previous night- that's sexy! ..Since I've quit a few people that I know have opened up to me about their own struggles with drinking including one who originally gave me shit for quitting (go figure). I've watched them go through the same cycle I went through of struggling quitting for a week or two picking up repeating and its hard to believe I was that bad or worse not too long ago. It seems so obvious looking at someone else but of course nobody wants to believe they have a problem. I know I didn't. Anyway I've been open and supportive but ultimately like all of us they will have to figure it out for themselves. ...Good news is positive changes have really been amping up in the past few months. Mental clarity is good physical fitness is good and I've been making actual progress working on my terrible habit of putting things off until the last minute/procrastinating/let things build up because I don't want to deal with them whatever you want to call it. Now when I am dreading something I want to get it out of the way immediately rather than put it off or "escape" from it (maybe since there is nowhere left to hide) which has been a major shift that I'm still working on but its pretty kickass and i've been more productive that i have been in years my creative elements have new life in them i'm putting in way more time on stuff and in turn quality has gone up which is also coming across in getting paid more which is also coming across in doing more cool shit since i'm not wasting all my money on booze. so yeah! ...There are certainly still times when I get depressed or stressed out and my mind defaults to wanting a drink but that feeling has lost most of its power at this point and its become more-or-less second nature to shut down that impulse immediately which is great. what used to be a really intense craving is now a fleeting thought and my typical response to that invasive "i want a drink" thought is "ew nooooo i don't." . .Anyway for anyone just starting out you can do it and it is 110% worth it to see it through it just takes awhile to get used to.  
----------immediate responses--------

I've missed yoooouuuuuu! Glad to hear you're doing well birds!
This is a great read thanks for the inspiration. And thanks for the binary-day update! Congrats!
Yay birds!  Thanks for posting.  And congrats on working on your 2^8'th day!
