-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1h9au6/5_months/

I have been clean and sober for 5 months today...I tried seriously tried quitting drinking for the past 20 months.  I found this subreddit a long time ago.  I have used many different names and accounts had many badges and could not stop drinking.  The shame made me change accounts and I would try again and again only to repeatedly fail...I am a 37 year old married have kids and live in the western burbs of Chicago.  I started drugs and alcohol when I was 15.  Loved it.  Father is an alcoholic and I did not want that to become that so I mainly used drugs.  Followed the Grateful Dead.  Had no direction in life.  Just wanted to party...Fast Forward.  Had my first kid when I was 24.  Quit drugs except for pot shortly there after.  I did not want to get arrested again.  Didn't want to be a dad in jail.  Marijuana use cut way back.  Cue alcohol.  Alcohol is legal and as long as I didn't drive I couldn't get into trouble. So I started drinking every night...Fast forward. I had second child when I was 29. Still drinking every night.  Didn't think it was a problem.  Still no idea of having an actual career or anything.  Just work drink and act like I am a great dad...Fast forward. A couple years ago I realized I had a problem and could not stop.  Found subreddit. Got badge. And it wasn't enough to get me to stop...Fast forward. 5 months ago.  I could not stop drinking.  Every night.  Depression.  Anxiety.  I thought I was a loser.  I thought I was a weak.  I thought I was a mental defect.  Contemplated suicide...And I decided to go to an AA meeting...The first meeting I went to I could not get out of the car.  Too much fear and anxiety.  I went home.  Later that night (about 6 o'clock) a lady came up to me and asked me to do a shot of vodka with her. Honestly this lady came up to me and pulled a bottle out of her purse.  I was shaky and sweaty.  I just ran.  Literally.  Ran to my car and found the nearest AA meeting.  I ran inside.  I was a lump of sweat.  Sat down at a table.  Every time I moved my arms there was a pool of sweat on the table.  The gentleman chairing the meeting were talking about the mental obsession and physical allergy.  A light bulb went off in my head.  A miracle.  These guys knew what I had they've been there themselves and they say there is a solution.  I went home and did not drink...I kept going to meetings.  I kept not drinking.  ..Then I started to feel shitty.  I knew that I had to do something that I did not want to but for me the alternative was drinking and that is misery.  So I did it.  I got a sponsor.  I started working the steps honestly and thoroughly.  And the mental obsession disappeared...I still go to meetings everyday.  I chair meetings.  I talk with any newcomer I can. And I still don't drink.  Hell it never even crosses my mind.  ..Sometimes AA pisses me off.  Sometimes AA confuses me (atheist). But I just keep going.  And I keep not drinking...5 months now.  Life isn't perfect.  But it is beautiful.  Some days I am happy joyous and free all day long.  Some days I struggle with trivial issues (like the crazy assholes in this world). ..But everyday has been sober...And that is a fucking miracle...That's my story.  That's how I got better. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your inspiring and motivational story. You are "walking the walk" indeed!
This is great well-written and very inspirational. Thank you for sharing and congratulations on 5 months!
Keep it up dude!  5 months is fantastic!
Keep it up!
Something you touched on here is what I struggle with the most...the ups and downs of every day life.  I used to level all of that out with a drink or 6 but now I am challenged to meet those ups and downs with a clear mind.  It isn't always easy but it is satisfying to overcome these obstacles without the help from the bottle.
Cool to see the kids will have a dad good for you.
Bravo
Nice post! I see many people here struggling trying to do this all on their own. It took me a long time to realize I needed to be honest with the people around me and find some support. I really like how you admit AA pisses you off and confuses you sometimes but that you keep going.  I think it's important for people to hear this it may be far from perfect but if what you get out of it keeps you from drinking and allows you to help others that is what counts!
Great job and thanks for sharing.  We're right on track with each other chronologically but I am behind on the steps.  I have the 4th step inventory template printed out sitting in my car... but I've been blocking on completing it.  And of course I have been struggling with the obsession in the past week or so... go figure.  You're motivating me to get off my ass and do it.  Thanks.
Good for you.  I like the way you got to the meetings.  If you know the woman with the vodka you should thank her.  Well done it does get better.  Well done sir!
Thank you for sharing.
congratulations !
Thank you so much for sharing!!! I hope your story continues to get better and better for you and your family. 
Bravo. I loved reading that. Thank you for your time in typing this. I needed that :)
Congrats. Very inspiring.
I love this subreddit for posts like this. Thanks for giving me hope man. I really appreciate it.
[deleted]
Thank you! Very well written and inspiring.
