-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hakqm/three_days_sober_and_two_meetings_down_but/

AA tonight went *okay*. Last night there were a lot of friendly people who introduced themselves but unfortunately tonight wasn't like that and the people I met weren't there either. Its just so small and seemed way too exclusive everyone kept going on about how they are a close family. Cool for them but I left just feeling pretty irritable. ...I feel like I'm almost struggling with drinking tonight but not quite because its still VERY fresh in my mind why I'm sober. I feel good about that. ...I'm going to check out a different meeting tomorrow and hopefully it will be better. I feel good about that too. ...I just wanted to get this stuff off my chest and figured you guys would be okay with that. Happy sober Friday night y'all :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Based on my limited past experience AA meetings are very hit and miss as far as having a good experience when you are just starting out and trying new meetings.  What counts is that you are making the effort.
The long-timers sometimes get so excited to see their war buddies that they unintentionally forget about the quiet new person. I almost started to think I was invisible. ..One way to connect well after the meeting is to mention during the meeting that you're looking for a sponsor. People should approach you afterward. Also listen during the sharing for those you identify with and even admire. Ask one to be your sponsor by saying "I'm looking for someone to work the steps with."..Work the first 9 steps with a sponsor and you will feel like you're in the "inner circle" almost no matter what meeting you go to.
Meeting are like bars. Some you like some you don't. 
from my experience as well they can be very hit or miss. I also like to follow the NA crowd as alchohol is a drug and a commonly abused addiction. although NA is not alchohol centric i have found a good community based there as well.
I went to AA/NA every day for most of my first 30 because I really needed to not feel alone. I went to a different meeting pretty much every time. I've found one or two meetings that I like in general but it's always going to be dependent on who is there that day what they have to share etc...Find positives and write down the things that help you!..You can do it.
