-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hal8y/scratch_one_sponsee/

I just fired my first sponsee.  We'd been working together for about 3 months.  He relapsed today and proclaimed that he never really thought he was an alcoholic to begin with.  Being of the mind that I can't decide for anybody whether or not they're an alcoholic I told him there was nothing further for me to work with him on.  It sucks because I was getting kind of invested in the guy but what am I supposed to do?  I told him that if he ever comes back hopefully I'll still be here and I'll be happy to work with him.  When dealing with people like him I often think about the following passage from the third story of the Big Book:..>The next thing they wanted to know was if I thought I could quite of my own accord without any help if I could just walk out of the hospital and never take another drink.  If I could that was wonderful that was just fine and they would very much appreciate a person who had that kind of power **but they were looking for a man who knew he had a problem and knew he couldn't handle it himself and needed outside help**.
----------immediate responses--------

Well hopefully he does come back.
I had a guy who tore through 1-5 then sort of just stalled and never got back to it. He said he did 6-7 but I can't be sure if he did or didn't because he sort of just dropped off. He stopped calling stopped making meetings got flaky about talking to me or trying to get together at all. It was pretty much exactly what people say happens when people go back out. I was completely unsurprised to hear that he'd gotten drunk again...Here's a better BB quote for you:..&gt;PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE shows that nothing will so much insure immunity from drinking as intensive work with other alcoholics...If you're still sober then sponsoring this guy worked.
Sounds more like he fired you.
I pretty much quit AA but didn't drop off the radar to be drunk. I just couldn't take the AA **group** dogma anymore.. .I still read the book. Always. It's on my kindle my android my ipad. But I had to get the hell out of dodge.. .Especially after one of those that sit at the "captian's table" mentioned that maybe I should leave my wife because she's an enabler and a trigger.. .This was after one year in. Straight and sober. AA did help me keep sober but by all that's holy it turned to shit after that one year.. .Seriously AA worked but it got sour at the end for me. Everyone in my home group was all fucked up in the head. There were a few good ones but I was always being judged. 
It happens WIAVSM. There is nothing you can do as I am sure you know to stop a drinker from drinking.. You offered your time your support and your presence in his life but to take that first drink again was his choice...Personally I give you kudos for being someone willing to sponsor another.  Their slip in no way makes YOU a failure.  
