-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hp25m/howd_everyone_do_last_night/

Me personally there was quite a bit of temptation. Especially since I was at a BBQ with old friends a lot of old friends who I felt didn't need to know my entire backstory. I mean I told a few people what I was struggling with and they were helpful but didn't feel I had to announce it to everyone. ..I realize that if I don't think I can handle these situations I should have an exit strategy but I felt generally good. I politely declined the drink offers and used the whole "It's Fourth of July and I'm not drinking anything because cops all have hard-ons for divers tonight." ..Overall it went really great! And I kept my red cup filled with water and sprite. No one even really batted an eye. ..I hope everyone else did really well too although I know it was tough. ..Also I realize that this is more of an American Redditor problem because it WAS an American "holiday." But nonetheless I hope everyone everywhere had a good and successful night. ..And to the redditors with Birthday ON the Fourth of July happy birthday I hope it went great. 
----------immediate responses--------

Beer was offered by my father-in-law. I was very temped and may have had one.. .The thing is I have Thrush (basically a yeast infection in the mouth my wife was on the tail end of it and well use your imagination) so I have to eliminate all sugars and yeasty substances.. .I guess my medical condition saved me. It was a sign.
I got to two meetings yesterday.  One at 7:30 am and one at 7:30pm. It was about 100 degrees outside 100% humidity. not very good for doing anything.  Got home and did some dishes and laundry. Woo hoo! Bring on the 5th! 
Went well.  There was a BBQ with pleny of beer but also a decent sized group of teetotalers too.  It was BYOB so all I got were a couple of "What's that you're drinking?" questions (bottle of fancy lime soda).  I did however overeat and curiously found myself with some familiar feelings of regret and anxiety.  I was surprised.
&gt;I realize that if I don't think I can handle these situations I should have an exit strategy..Absolutely right. My rule for myself is that if I feel uncomfortable because of drink then I take off. It provides a nice check-and-balance: "Do I feel uncomfortable enough to leave? No not yet. Remember you can leave whenever you want." Part of this is avoiding being the designated driver or babysitting heavy drinkers in other ways. It may seem great to your friends to have an automatic designated driver but its like a big drunk albatross around your neck...I also found it very helpful when I first quit to just be honest about not drinking. I'd just say "I'm not drinking right now". It's a subtle difference from a story about why you're not drinking today but it starts getting people used to the idea. And starts getting you used to the idea too. ..As you discovered most people don't know or care what's in your glass. Did you also notice that most people even though they are drinking don't get very drunk? That was a big eye opener for me that I couldn't see until I quit drinking. 
[deleted]
Had a relaxing day at home with the family.  Pool time with the kids burgers cold drinks (non-alcoholic) and very little temptation.  There was and still is easily accessible booze in the house for others to enjoy but the temptation just isn't there.  I'm convincing myself that the pool burger TV etc. simply isn't actually any better with booze than without.  Now boredom that is one I will have to watch more closely.  That's when the little monster in my head seems to find his voice...
Congrats!  .For me: no big deal. The friends I was with know I'm not drinking but they do and everyone had a good time.  We did fireworks then I talked with a new friend until 2 in the morning. Good stuff. Good times.
I did well. Proud of myself. ..Went to the movies with my parents and sister. My father is a very negative person and sometimes racist. He always makes me uncomfortable when he gets on one of these kicks. His negativity makes me want to drink sometimes I guess because it depresses me that he thinks that way and I can't change it. ..My sister asked me about adopting kids (not sure how that came up) but I "lost" my girlfriend and her young daughter (who I treated as my own) due to my drinking. It really triggered a MAJOR sadness and I had to make up an excuse to go to the bathroom. ..All of this occurred on the 4th with a couple friends texting me asking if I wanted to go drink and watch the fireworks or play music. ..A combination of looking back at where I was reading my book (not AA book I'm not in AA now actually Public Enemies) ignoring the buzz feeling that was appealing to me and focusing instead on the pain darkness sadness and loneliness associated with my drinking going home taking some sleeping medication (non-narcotic) and STAR WARS (!!!!!) right before bed time got me through the day. ..This morning I was singing in the shower and couldn't keep a smile off my face. FELT SOOOOOO DAMN GOOD!!!
I worked but before that I made a post to r/politics that ended up making it to the front page of all of reddit! And I drank nary a drop. 2x the success..
Yesterday was a rough day. Right upon waking up I could tell that my emotions were running high and fast; most of them were emotions that didn't even really make sense in context. Because of this I ended up skipping out on all plans that had any possibility of making me uncomfortable or making me want to drink (because I was already having enough cravings just wanting to quiet my emotional outburst). ..Ended up having a nice nap playing video games and being introspective regarding my emotions. Was the first day that I've had to really take the day hour-by-hour and commit myself to "just not drinking this hour." Rinse and repeat until it was finally bedtime; then I slept like a rock and I feel so much better today.
Slept in went to work for 8 hours wanted to go to the gym but I was too tired so I went home and read in bed til sleepytime.  As far as I can recall I didn't even think about drinking yesterday.
Unexpectedly tough but no drinking. Threw a BBQ for family and a few friends wasn't really ready for it so had a lot of prep work to do fast. That's when I would usually start fueling with beers because BBQ=beer right? Other life shit going on as well. ..Instead of picking up one of the beers I'd supplied for the normal drinkers I instead crammed chocolate in my mouth. I think I ate three or four 4-ounce high-end dark chocolate bars. Then later cake and ice cream because it was also a birthday party. ..Glad I had it handy my life ring of choco. 
Got through it surprisingly. I knew it I just had to make it to the night and be ok I was. Rinse wash repeat today
I slept for the first time in 4 days. Feels good.
[deleted]
