-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hp7z5/new_here_made_it_through_the_4th_of_july_day_7/

I've opted out of a few parties over the past week (the ones where I knew drinking would be the main activity) but I've managed to spend time with friends and have an okay time sober. It's still early but I'm hopeful I can keep this going. I've always been more of a binge drinker than a heavy daily drinker so my real challenge is going to be weekends and holidays. I have told all my friends and family what I'm doing and verbalizing it has helped make it more "real" I guess. ..I have been feeling pretty positive about this change so far but every now and then I start having negative thoughts creep in about what a loser I am that I am broken etc. I'm 33 and divorced already and this feels like another level of crap. Oh well. ..This sub has been helpful to lurk on especially when I feel really alone in this struggle. I'm going to find a meeting to go to I'm just kind of anxious/don't know what to expect. Thanks for reading. I just wanted to share and say hello. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! Welcome :)  Congrats on 7 days. That's a big accomplishment...You and I are similar. I'm not an excessive every day drinker. Just on occasion I end up drinking waaaaaay too much I just can't stop myself. ..You could look at your experiences at your age as being something bad or you could look at them to see that they've given you wisdom.  
It takes a big person to make the change you've made.  I know that sometimes you'll feel bad about yourself.  I'd imagine most people here have regrets and embarrassments.  But you can't do anything about them now but become a better person and not repeat the mistakes of the past...At 33 you have 6 more years to become a better version of you than I do.  But while 38 sucked for me 39 has been the best year of my life.  My marriage is infinitely better (though not quite perfect) my health is infinitely better and I'm really truly happy almost all the time...Keep it up.  Great job making it through the 4th.  Now work on July 5th.
[deleted]
Going to a first meeting is definitely anxiety-producing. I was ashamed to be a woman and alcoholic. I imagined a room filled with men but there were women there too. ..Here's a link about what to expect at meetings. Hope it helps. ..* http://www.aa.org.au/new-to-aa/about-aa-meetings.php
Thanks for the support all. I appreciate it. And I'm sorry if I sounded as if I was having a personal pity party...I was. Someone posted in another thread recently about having to sit through your emotions (or something to that effect) instead of drinking them away and that really hit home! Particularly since ANY emotion was an occasion for drinking for me. Thanks again for your comments. :) 
