-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hpkso/i_threw_it_all_away_not_a_drop_left/

I have been lurking around this sub for maybe two weeks? The sense of community here is amazing and I've decided I'd like to join in. You all have convinced me to stop drinking. I'd like to say hello. ..This will be the second time I'm attempting to quit. I managed to stay sober for a ~6 months last year and into this year. Then a bunch of life events occurred inside of two weeks. I lost two of my closest friends my mother was diagnosed with brain cancer and I lost my job two days after her surgery there's a girl... there's my own daily struggle with bipolar depression and social anxiety. That's a pretty self indulgent sob story but I'm not looking for pity. One day my back gave out. I've been drinking for four months now...The stories in this sub have motivated me. I know just how amazing a sober lifestyle is. I want my energy and my body back. I want to be a good son. I want to find a job. I want to gain new experiences. I want to go back to school. I'm going to restart my writing. I want to open my own business. I'm going to marry that girl. I want a daughter. I'm going to *build something.* ..I've always felt that I would do well in life. Looking back I'm amazed with what I've done and how hard I've fought. I've had so many experiences... I finally see how many positive things I have in life. It's time to exploit that knowledge and leave this hellhole. I know my friends would want that...Today I let it all down the sink. There's not a drop of alcohol in my apartment. The next few days are going to be rough but y'know what?..Come at me life    (-_-)   ..Edit: spelling...
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. Job. Welcome back to sobriety. You'll find a lot of us have similar stories and experiences (or you know that already.) You can do this. Reach for those goals one day at a time...As a fellow bipolar person let me encourage you to consider seeing a doctor now that you've quit again. Not only can quitting be tough but steady drinking can fuck w your meds and your disorder. It's a good time for a medical consult.
&gt; Come at me life    (-_-)   ..Awesome!..Good luck dude.  Post early post often!
Welcome. stick around read post. 
