-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hrj6t/why_i_am_sober/

I think about where I was emotionally mentally and spiritually in my drinking life and I am terrified by it all of it the highs the comedowns the dull drunkenness the psychotic epiphanies the hangovers and the sense of lethargy and tedium that permeated every aspect of my life all the while. I feel exhausted and shallow when I think of my using self and my insincerity my false enthusiasm toward other boring alcoholics my feigned interest in the world and other people's lives and thoughts my sluggish drunk brain my broken record conversation and all the self pity I could muster to an instant. It was my previous opinion that life was something you had to endure if you were unlucky enough at most it was something you silently and rotely slumped through when a bare minimum required it. I am terrified by the relentless despair I sat spellbound under for most of my life. In the last month before treatment my ex roommate tells me he held his breathe at every daily homecoming in anticipation of my suicide.  all the warning signs were there  he says. Under the influence I have betrayed my body my future and my soul. I do not any more relate to the girl who approached the world and everything in it with alternating apathy and desperation. I want life for the first time in twenty-three years I believe myself when I say I want to really live I want to feel all the variation of experience life has to offer just as it is.  I want to find out where my hard work and natural inclination take me in life without drugs and alcohol keeping me dumb drunk immobile and afraid. I believe myself when I say I deserve it. ..i wrote this about four months ago when i presented my first step in an outpatient recovery program (after being committed to an in patient hospital). I need to remind myself of it now. I've been writing incessantly in my recovery and right now one of my projects is a memoir that is anchored by my time in the mental hospital. Writing about my childhood teenage years young adulthood (my present) and experience with substances/substance abuse all through out has brought me to the verge of relapse this past week and I need to remember why I am sober. I'm also experimenting with different combinations of medications (under doctor supervision) to keep my bipolar disorder in check and the one I'm currently on makes me manic (which is probably why i'm posting this to reddit in the first place). God. I'm just trying to get through the day. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like its working keep it up my friend. 
you are a well spoken young woman with quite a soul.  your life is still ahead of you.  keep walking.  
Beautifully written. Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
Really nicely written! I hope you're feeling better keep up the good work.
This is excellent. I could really relate to a lot of what you wrote. As someone else who also suffers from addiction issues and mental health issues simultaneously you are an inspiration. This really touched me. Keep it up!
you have come a long way and have even brighter days ahead of you. keep it up and please do keep writing :)
Great post! I believe in you. You can do it! 
Thank you everyone!!!!!
