-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hwxw7/recovering_alcoholic_here_181998_not_a_drop_in/

I'm from a family of alcoholics and drug addicts.  Some are making it day by day.  Others are either struggling or dead.  I look at alcoholism as an allergy. Just like any other allergy there is a reaction. In the case of a nut allergy the persons throat swells shut in a few minutes and they suffocate.  With alcoholism the reaction is in the brain it destroys your judgement self control... it's your brain.  Only instead of dying a quick and painless death alcoholics get to destroy not only themselves but everyone around them.  Nasty stuff.  I know that this isn't new information just letting you know how I feel about the disease...My father is my inspiration he was 42 years sober when he passed.  He was active in AA and sponsored many alcoholics.  I learned many things from him.  I think his best piece of advice was "Rule number one: Don't drink". Do whatever you have to don't drink.  If you can stick by that rule you can work through the rest...I've had some very tough times white knuckles calling tree and all that. And still not a day goes by that I don't think about drinking. "I know I can handle just one." I tell myself..  Having that happen fighting those ruminations helps me to stay sober. I know that a normal drinker doesn't think like that (IE I'm not a normal drinker).  They don't plan their day around drinking. They don't sit around telling themselves they can drink just one they'll be able to control it.  This is my cornerstone reminder that I'm an alcoholic and alcohol will kill me.  Same as if I'm allergic to peanuts would I go buy a big can of planters and party?  Something reminds them not to eat the peanuts something reminds me not to drink the corn whiskey...Also I'm Bi-polar and an atheist.  So I have some experience with those two stumbling blocks some of us run into...AMA.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
When and why did you find out about your problem?  Did you have difficulty labeling yourself as an alcoholic?
Are you a member of AA?  I'm mostly curious about you being an Atheist.  I just got sober last year and will have 9 months on Saturday.  I struggle with the concept of a Higher Power for many reasons.  I once had a profound faith but now I seem to find more comfort and freedom in the idea that there isn't some benevolent being out there guiding everyone and everything.  I've had psychotic episodes always revolving around thinking that I'm "connected" to God and that He is guiding me when in retrospect I was actually batshit crazy.  How have you stayed sober without an HP?  You say you still think about drinking daily but isn't the craving supposed to be removed contingent on the maintenance of your spiritual condition?
Congrats on your time. I feel the same way as you about alcoholism. Both my parents were addicts my mom had 23ish years sober before she relapsed. i had only known her sober going to NA meetings was a huge part pf her life and mine when i was growing up. She began misusing her prescription meds so not sure when exact relapse was but she did relapse for a few years when I was still boozing it up. Seeing her go thru all of that plus my alcohol struggles (DUI blackoutsjail time) made me become sober. I do not go to AS but I am in therapy. I believe I have a scientific way of thinking about alcohol I like your allergy comparison it makes total sense to me! I feel relief when I find people who do not go to meetings and are sober. I have heard you will relapse without meetings and although I don't believe it is true my mom wasn't going to meeting when she did relapse so it does scare me a tiny bit. I'm rambling now but thanks for the post. Makes me excited for my future! 
Whoops I just realized you didn't say whether or not you went to meetings. Either way thanks for the post got me thinking :)
Thank you for your post!
Welcome. I think you will find this a very Interesting place the front lines so to speak.
Well done - 5660 days is huge!
[deleted]
15 1/2 years is inspirational.  Thanks for posting.
You've reminded me of Ron my mother's SO who took me to my first 12-step meeting back in 1993.  My only memory of it was him picking up his 17 year coin.  He taught me that attitude is a choice.  I sobered up in 95.  He passed away in 98 from terminal (obviously) brain cancer.  His positive attitude allowed him to live for 2 years and 11 months after being diagnosed with merely 6 months to live.  ..I too was bi-polar back in the 90's yet keep an open mind to the HP thing as I've felt and experienced the beneficial effects of faith.  Even if that faith at times is merely putting stock into doing the next right thing and being OK with the results whatever they are...Dr. Silkworth was onto something with the whole "allergy" bit.  I like the term physiological affliction today.   ..And I certainly agree with your Pops with the drink we have no chance.  Without it we have an opportunity to recover...Good job to you on your 15 years and counting!  I'm sure your father would be proud.
How has your professional life and your romantic life improved since you quit drinking? I was very disappointed in where I was at in those two areas of my life and that contributed to me quitting drinking (ironically they also contributed TO my drinking now that I think about it).
Thank you so very much for your comment. My father is my inspiration to quit drinking. 20+ years sober. I know that if he can do it then so can I. So long as I don't trade of this addiction for one that is worse I consider it a win. .&gt; And still not a day goes by that I don't think about drinking. "I know I can handle just one." I tell myself.. Having that happen fighting those ruminations helps me to stay sober. I know that a normal drinker doesn't think like that (IE I'm not a normal drinker). They don't plan their day around drinking. They don't sit around telling themselves they can drink just one they'll be able to control it. This is my cornerstone reminder that I'm an alcoholic and alcohol will kill me. ..Thank you so much for this comment. I hope I can remember this because this goes through my mind every day. I think "maybe after one year sober I can have just one." I am an alcoholic and in order to beat this disease I will have to fight it every day. You are an inspiration thank you.
