-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hxf3x/relapsed_over_the_weekend_learning_about_my/

So last week I was set out to quit the booze for 30 days at least. Now after seeing how easy I gave in to temptation at the weekend I feel that I want to quit for rest of my life. I do not gain one single positive thing from drinking alcohol. ..The temptation was when I was out having dinner with my friend and he ordered a beer then asking me you having one too? I then automatically answered 'YEAH - of course I am the sun's shining'. Well that beer turned into a whole evening of drinking wine and spirits in the sun and needless to say I woke up feeling awful the next day. I couldn't get anything done I was in bed until 1PM and I'm only just feeling human again today...I don't ever want a hangover again and the obvious way to achieve that? Don't ever drink again. ..Writing to be accountable will be posting here for the long-run. Hope you're all well (and sober).
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! 
I needed to get strong before I put myself in drinking situations.  I was very weak around booze!  
For me the other way around. Weekend was fine sober because we did useful stuff with wife and had fun and at home there is both low stress and a sense of achievement...Another frustrating Monday at work feeling like a helpless piece of shit in the evening took me straight to the grocery store for beer and vodka.
[deleted]
Early on I tried to avoid situations where not drinking would be difficult.  And/or I tried to bring someone supportive with me...Do you think you could confide in your friend and have them know that you're trying to stop drinking?  Maybe that person would have abstained too.  Or at the very least supported you in your abstinence.
Just think you could have stuck with a water ordered an iced tea (my preference) or gone with a soda. Why? Because the sun was shining!..A lot of sobriety is training yourself much like how others (including myself) deal with anger. Prior to getting involved in a triggering situation ask yourself "Why would I want a beer?". Don't do anything until you answer that question to the fullest. From here ask yourself why that beer couldn't be something non-alcoholic...Another means of neutralising your triggers would be to associate them with negative instances. In my case I think about how I am when I am drunk and how I have affected those I love through my drinking. I think you should try thinking about how awful you felt after that bender and how you (hopefully) never want to feel that way again...We can do this! We're all here alongside you don't forget that.
To what lengths are you willing to go to to not drink again?..Are you willing to say no to offers that will place you around booze?..Can you walk away from conversations when the topics turn to your vices?..Will you start reading writing talking with others enacting suggestions and changing your actions so that your thinking and ultimately your life changes?..I hope so cause life gets really freaking good if you do! 
It helps to stay out of arm's reach of alcohol. Protect yourself if sobriety is a goal. 
