-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i0wk4/i_have_a_question_about_if_i_relapsed_or_not/

I have been sober for 6 days so far but with dinner last night I had *one* glass of wine. I had to fight the urge to drink more (no more than usual when I haven't drank) but I succeeded. ..Is this actually relapsing?..I always drank to get *drunk* like shots of hard liquor etc. and wine doesn't do anything in my mind. But I feel I need to ask after lurking in this subreddit and trying to get sober.
----------immediate responses--------

If your target is to be completely sober then that would count as relapsing...If you consider an occasional glass of wine to be okay then that wouldn't count as relapsing.
I personally would not consider this a relapse you did show self control but at a terrible mental cost I would say. Why even have the one drink to begin with? Honestly ask yourself "did it really taste good?" What were your motives behind having 1 glass of wine? Would not a non-alky drink taste better? Remember all alcohol is poison no matter how you paint it. It's a fruit or vegetable that has rotted beyond a desirable human taste preference into fermentation.
Wine *does* do something. It's still alcohol. It's still drinking. Personally I'd consider it a relapse. But as jones_supa said if your goal is merely to cut back and not quit then it's up to you if you want to count it.
The first drink is the most dangerous one so I would consider it a relapse but do not beat yourself up too badly about it. 
When it comes down to it you know your goal whether it is 100% abstinence or you are still trying to cut back. I personally have to take the black and white perspective b/c if I play the shades of gray game one will be 1.5 next time and 2 the time after that and so on an so on. You are wading in dangerous territory rationalizing a drink of Alcohol. Ask yourself this did your glass of wine help you meet your goal with alcohol? If not you took a step back and the is the definition of a relapse but it doesn't matter what anyone says if you don't believe it.
Do what works for you. Every person is unique yet groups like AA and the the deluded general population (who think they "know" what they're talking about because they heard it somewhere) label people with drinking addictions as "alcoholics" (which as a cultural term has become pretty damaging - in the broadest sense) and that there is only one "cure" to their addiction. My uncle fought an alcohol addiction since he was 14 yrs old and died two years ago from it at the age of 48. He was in and out of rehab his whole life (any program name it and he did it) and never conquered the addiction - mainly because they blindly spun him in the same circles. Everyone put labels on him and gave him strict rules to obey in order to achieve sobriety but circumstance was frequently disregarded. Most programs told him he had a "disease" and that it wasn't his fault. All the disease label did was deceive him into feeling victimized and dependent on other people his whole life. It's not a disease - at least there is no empirical proof yet. Just because you may have been born with addictive psychological tendencies does not mean you're a diseased lost cause. All the disease label and the resulting victimization did for my uncle was give him a justification for "relapsing"...My point is that you should remove all the formatted bullshit that the world around you is force-feeding you. This may sound radical but its an approach to consider. When my uncle was denied a single glass of wine at a family dinner it only made him bitter. The fact that his parents were telling him he couldn't do something as a grown man belittled him deflated his autonomy and provoked him to go buy a bottle once the sun set and he had time alone. The flawed uniformed methods of rehabilitation do nothing but perpetuate the massive money-making industry of alcohol consumption addiction and rehabilitation. If AA solved everyone's problems they'd be out of business... so be skeptical thats all...Face the truth that you have an addiction not because people or the media keep telling you so but because you know it is interfering with your life and your health. Seek help if you need the support and encouragement from others but dont let anyone dictate how you live. If you can have a glass of wine without arousing your addictive tendencies then do it. You are very unique. Embrace the power of perseverance and self discipline as well as the fact that only YOU know whats best for you... and that you don't "suffer from a disease".
Yes.  This is /r/stop drinking not /r/onlydrinkalittlebit
[deleted]
Others have addressed your direct question but I think a more important thing for you to consider is what you do tonight and tomorrow.  Does yesterday's glass of wine turn into today's six pack and tomorrow's bottle?  If it doesn't do you struggle in an unhappy uncomfortable state as you regain another 6 days?  And the most important question: does it become more and more difficult for you to gain 6 days and is that due to [kindling](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_\(substance_withdrawal\))?
I'd definitely consider this a relapse. And I'd probably be at a meeting right now and making an appointment to get back into outpatient treatment. One drink is a big fucking deal for me. I have so much on the line.
In a way it's really none of our business but you asked our opinion! :) My opinion is that it's up to you to decide whether to count that as a relapse. ..Let me offer this:  When I was first trying to get sober over 12 years ago I couldn't get my head around never drinking again. It seemed too much to ask. I would consistently slip then drink but all the while I would tell myself I could control it. Sometimes I could. Once when I decided to see a therapist he actually challenged me to prove that I could drink responsibly. "Go home have one beer a night for a month and come back and tell me how it went."..I did it. White knuckled but I did it. Annnnnnddddd... right after that I picked up my drinking where I left off - 6 - 12 beers per night. I had "proven" to myself that I could control my drinking when in fact I was actually proving to myself that I couldn't...You need to decide what that one glass of wine means. If it means that you can actually control your drinking (without being miserable I would add) then maybe it's ok? If you're like me and all you are doing is trying to prove to yourself that you can have just one drink even though that's really not true then maybe you need to decide to do something about it and consider not having even one glass.
