-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i39f0/almost_40_and_need_to_quit/

First time to post anything found this subreddit today and I am hoping that I have found a place to help me through what will surely be a struggle. I have had 2 surgeries because of the effects of daily alcohol use and still drinking...I don't have a plan. The hubs and I were gonna cut back this week but a crappy week started Monday...maybe next week always seems to be the answer. Trying to quit smoking too need to lose weight need a better job and need to exercise. Is it even possible to accomplish all of these things at the same time?
----------immediate responses--------

I started  immediately on a 90 day detox. By day 30 I decided to cut out caffeine fast food and tobacco.  By day 90 I bought my own weight bench and have been running / exercising since.   Oh and by day 45 I had a raise at work and by 60ish a job offer for the company I now work at.  I turned around my grades and am killing life now.  I advise you to do the same it would take too long to list all the benefits and great things im experiencing. Surreal.
I turned 40 a few months back and decided to finally do something about my drinking. I went through years and years of "I'll quit next week" it's never a good time to quit and if you're like me you can always find an excuse. It made me think about that guy from the Airplane movies ["it looks like I picked the wrong week to quit..."](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyhaTQseKTQ) ..When I first quit I naively assumed that everything that was wrong in my life was going to correct itself after I stopped drinking and I had all of these unrealistic goals I wanted to achieve. What I really needed was time to rest heal and recover. Set yourself up for success. You're talking about a pretty major life overhaul try breaking it up into manageable baby-steps. I'm still very new to sobriety but that has been my experience so far...Good luck to you!.
[deleted]
I quit at 39.    .It was time the race was over I was wheezing done.    .Sounds like you are too.     .I could not do it alone I needed AA and agnostic I had my doubts.    .In spite of my best thinking it worked - after a bunch of thrashing around.   .Results may vary...
The only time to quit is right now...What's your bottom? Two surgeries already. What's next?
Hey Thanks for sharing...it's not easy to say "I have a problem and I need help". I would say that you need to find what works for you. I've noticed that everybody uses a lot of the same tools but in different ways and you'll need to do the same. It's not easy but if it was easy we wouldn't be talking about it here. We all need help. I turned 40 this year and celebrated by ending 4 months of sobriety. In those 4 months I quit drinking smoking started eating better lost 30 lbs exercised a lot ran a couple 5Ks put many miles on my road bike was a better husband was a better Dad got off my meds for diabetes cholesterol and blood pressure. I felt amazing and I thought I had everything under control so why couldn't I control my drinking. The rest is history. Find what works for you...if you slip up so be it but keep trying...that's all you can do. PM me if you want to chat offline. There's some good starter info on the right...check it out. ..Best of luck to you!
Welcome! This is the right place!  I second the comments already made. .. Interesting username by the way...I quit at 42; sober 30 years later. (You guessed it I'm  old.)   *-)..
Talk to your doctor first see about detox/rehab options.  Then I suggest you call your local AA; it's full of people just like you who want to meet you and help.
I was 42 when I got sick and tired of being sick and tired.  I stopped after I sent my boss a nasty email while drunk.  She did an intervention while I was at work.  I saw that as an opportunity and I jumped at it and never looked back.
I quit booze cigarettes meat and caffeine once. It was awesome for about a week. ..I quit alcohol and pot 1023 days ago with the help of AA.  ..I quit cigarettes 45 days ago with /r/stopsmoking and the tools I learned/am learning in AA...You will have to pry my coffee cup from my cold dead hands but for now it is not hurting me at all so I'm hanging onto it. ..I would chose the addiction that is hurting you the most and start there. I know when I failed a quit attempt it was just one more reason to see myself as a failure and it made everything worse. For me alcohol was the one that caused the health relationship employment and other issues so I started there. With the help of AA I am living sober one day at a time. It can be done. There are millions of people just like you who are making it work and will be happy to help. ..I hope to see you around here or maybe in a meeting...
Welcome! Yes this is a very good place for you. The support I've gotten from folks here has been integral to me. ..You listed a number of things you want to address many of which I share with you. What's worked for me was to do one thing at a time. The moment I get the motivation to take action I have a tendency to overwhelm myself with the litany of things I have to do. ..I focused on the alcohol first and Before a short moment of weakness involving an icy margarita on a hot day I had made it 34 days and in that time I lost 12 pounds JUST from not drinking.  Smoking is next then I'll exercise. You can do it too. Best of luck!
Come over to r/stopsmoking too if you need help on the quitting smoking part!
