-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i3bsc/danger_zone/

A little over two weeks.  Historically this is around the time I start outsmarting myself and abstaining hasn't even been that challenging until today.  Somehow it makes perfect sense at this moment to allow a  break .  I'm alone for the rest of the day   won't be seeing anyone unless I choose to which I probably won't - and I'm grinding away on the idea of running out to the liquor store for a fifth of vodka and a 12 pack.  What better way to kill some time?  I have a million things to do   work to do things to study things to practice things to enjoy   and I'm stuck on this idea.  In the last hour I've thought about drinking the day away dismissed it as a horrible idea made alternate plans for how to spend this time and moved on at least a dozen times.  Then I think about it again and repeat.  I know this is alcoholism fucking with me.  I know this is how it works.  I know that any break I allow will not be an isolated incident and will ultimately serve to reveal that the last 2 weeks of not drinking were in fact the real break and now I'm back   back to compulsive incoherent poisonous unreality.  ..I don't want that.  But no sooner does this occur to me than it is flushed and replaced with the notion that it would be so cool to get shit-housed and enjoy whatever freak show my brain offers up before I pass out until the day is over.  Then tomorrow.  Then forever.  ..Getting over the shakes sweats irritability insomnia etc. is one thing but this is the part where I have real  oh shit  moments.  This is the part where I genuinely fear this addiction because I know it's symbiotic and it relies on me.  Me is the problem.  Me can't trust himself and that's why I can't get much past 2 weeks without feeding myself back to the machine.  I don't like talking to anyone about it because I can't stand to hear myself anymore.  It all just sounds like me making pre-excuses for what I know is coming.  I don't even feel like I can leave the house right now because at some point  me  will be kicking and screaming as  nega-me  casually saunters in to the liquor store saying  Dude this is so not a big deal  because nega-me gives nary a shit and even me knows that once it's on it's on.  Me knows if he just lets nega-me have this one this challenge will be replaced with a different set of issues but worrying about not drinking won't be one of them and it'll be months before me even has to make an appearance again.  ..Whenever I stop drinking for more than a consecutive day or so I go to AA as often as I can make it but I hate it.  I'm just so tired of this issue and everything to do with it.  I'm completely out of patience for who I am when I'm drinking but even less tolerant of the lame-ass philosophical whiner I am when I'm not drinking but still struggling with destructive urges (see above).  I hate going to AA for the same reason.  In a room full of 20 people there is always 2 or 3 who have not had a drink in 25 years and yet they're still at the meetings every day going on and on about their alcoholism.  These people dominate the conversation the same way alcohol has dominated their lives even though they haven't been drinking for half their lifetime.  They've heard it all before and they don't even listen anymore.  They just wait for their opportunity to talk more about their challenges triumphs and their collection of chips.  No everyone at AA is not like this and I understand it helps tons of people and I'm not trying to take anything away from that.  But these same kinds of people are at every meeting in every place I've ever gone talking way too much listening way too little and it really ruins the whole thing for me.  Perhaps I'm just a dick and I'm sure they're otherwise lovely people but I don't want to be that guy   not the guy who has obviously already been drinking pretty much any time you run into him not the guy whose life is dominated by alcohol even though he hasn't been drinking and not the guy who has to pound out and post a page of semi-coherent ranting just to deal with self-sabotaging thoughts about proactively making everything in his life exponentially worse by drinking more.  I just want to be over it.  Done.  Moved on.  No longer susceptible.  That's probably too much to ask in such a short time.  ..Bleh.  All such bullshit.  Thanks SD.  You're awesome when I need to talk but don't want to speak..
----------immediate responses--------

Consider supplementing your recovery efforts with SMART recovery - http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/learnaboutsmart.htm - The approach is different from AA and they have some good tools for coping with urges...
Shit. I had to double-check to see if I had unconsciously somehow written that. I can relate to everything that you wrote from the fuck-it alter ego who wants to mess up my life to the aching desire to not have to deal with it anymore.  It gets exhausting sometimes I know.  ..Not sure if i have anything poignant to say other than i can relate. Hang in there. I know I will today. 
&gt; the guy who has to pound out and post a page of semi-coherent ranting just to deal with self-sabotaging thoughts about proactively making everything in his life exponentially worse by drinking more...Even if you don't like that guy I'm glad you shared.
[deleted]
[deleted]
AA does work. I hate it. . .Yep you read that right. AA works. And I fucking hate it. . .But what AA is it's *something to do* when you want to drink. Instead of scheduling your drinking around your life just go to a meeting. It helped me through the roughest spots.. .Oh I read you loud and clear. The elders always fuck shit up talk about things and they never even grew up with technology. They are out of place. But they do have a few words of wisdom.. .Give it a try. For me I got pissed at them after a year. But... that was a year of sobriety. Of not touching a drop. Of not drinking. I owe them that at least that. Put up with the shit. Put up with the dogma. Take what you can. . .But at least give it a try. It sucks. It really does suck. But you know what sucks more? A broken marriage. Prison. Fines. Losing your health. You can do it.. .USE AA FOR WHATEVER YOU WANT. Yep that's right take from it. Beat it. Argue it. Treat it like the bitch that it is. But you get something from it.... .And that's sobriety. No matter how just keep sober.
