-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i3pwj/one_month_and_some_thoughts/

30 days.  I've made it here before.  I've made it to two months before.  So I'm not totally jumping up and down and amazed at myself.  ..However something I didn't expect this time around was the incredible joy that has managed to surface within me over the past four weeks.  I have straight up just become a more joyful person.  My social anxiety has all but disappeared my desire to remain sober has increased every day my body is getting very noticeably slimmer my brain is functioning at a higher level.  I continue to do the happy dance that if it stays this way I'll never have a hangover again (which was at times a daily occurrence).  ..I didn't expect to feel this good.  I thought this month would be boring and a huge struggle especially given that I have several festivals that are saturated with booze that I'm not planning on missing this summer.  Could this just be the pink cloud?  Maybe but it's more like a hot flamingo pink or fuchsia cloud.  It's fireworks.  And it's amazing...This subreddit has been HUGE in helping me through the day to day as I struggled with insane amounts of pain financial stress insomnia and detox.  So thank you guys for being awesome and strong and honest.  ..How the heck are you guys doing anyways?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days that's amazing!! My first 30 were the opposite I felt much worse then I thought I would so I envy you keep going!!
Congratulations!  It's great that you're seeing improvement.  I noticed the same things you are when I got sober and you know what?  It keeps getting better if to let it!  However be cautious of your feelings and be aware of a thing called the "sobriety honeymoon."  It happens to some people and if they're not prepared to handle the next let-down it can cause all the joy to come to a crashing end.  Thankfully my counselor told me about it beforehand and I got through the honeymoon period unscathed.  Keep up the good work!
I'm doing fine.  Thanks for asking!  Well done on the 30 day's.  It kept getting better for me.  Enjoy the journey!
i'm doing about the same. great to meet you great to find this place. :) 
Congrats on 30 days!! I'm doing fantastic at the moment. My record was 50 days and I just recently beat it :) It's awesome that you're feeling so good! I'm right there with you! There are still bad days...but I've noticed less and less my urge to have a drink. I've found that keeping a journal helps too. Is that something you do or have considered doing? It helps me to keep me focused whether I'm having a good day or a bad day!
Congratulations on 30 days stay the course my friend.
Congrats!! Awesome that you're feeling great!! I think on coming off the pink cloud that has been the past two months but planning to do a forth step so hopefully getting some of this shit out will help and I can jump back on. :)
I am so glad to see you made it 30 days way to go!!!
congratulations! great to hear that it's going so well for you. keep it up!
Congrats!!
Several questions: .1. Sleep; getting to sleep: any issues?.2. Smoking: cigarettes weed etc.? Have you substituted one vice for another?.3. Friends socialization significant other? Issues?.4. What do you drink?.edit: good for you!
Congratulations! That's a huge hurdle! Keep going steady!
