-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i5hl4/a_year_and_3_months_sober_first_aa_meeting/

I have been sober now for a year 3 months and 1 week. I had not been to a single AA meeting during this time - perhaps I'm stubborn. However I met someone last weekend who was also in recovery and he seemed a little unsure of me (or my commitment {just a feeling}) because I didn't do meetings. It made me think. It made me go to one...Theres a church in my neighborhood that has Thursday meetings so I went there. I had a hard time understanding all the different flavors of AA meeting online but this was an open discussion. Everyone already seemed to know each other so I felt a little 'new' while open to meeting people and chatting I couldn't seem to get much acknowledgment or eye contact and so felt like I was just visiting - it's all good. I enjoyed listening to all the stories and struggles that the speakers had overcome. It wasn't a bad way to spend an hour...I had one issue though I'm not a religious person. Among other things I was a little taken aback by the holding hands and reciting of the lords prayer. Are all meetings like this? I'm going to try to find a few more this coming week and see if another one fits better. I'd ideally like to find one that is less religious (please tell me that's possible).
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your sober time! The lord's prayer was off-putting to me at first too.  Do try other meetings.  Some groups close with the serenity prayer instead.  As with everything else in life you get out of it what you put into it.  xoxo
There is no set way it seems to be working for you. Keep it up my friend :)
The hand holding thing is common. I much prefer serenity prayer.  Some find it a good time to go to the bathroom.. But do try other meetings they are quite different in tone and temperament.
Yes the Lord's prayer is pretty standard for AA meetings in the U.S. Occasionally groups will use the serenity prayer to close. A couple of groups I attend have other alternatives (the responsibility pledge a simple hand-holding and the word "stay" said in unison). I'm not totally happy about it but it's not really about me it's about the group and the plurality seems to hold for the Lord's prayer so I do what they do...If you're the sort who wants to be silly during that particular prayer here are some alternate lines I hear:..Instead of "deliver us from evil" a lot of people say "deliver us from ego"...A lot of people say "shazaam!" instead of "amen."..I know one guy who instead of saying "forever and ever" loudly says "now!"
[deleted]
It's different where you are. I live in a fairly liberal big city and I've been to one meeting where they recite the lord's prayer but they make sure to add "or a prayer of your choosing" the standard where I am is the serenity prayer but in my home group for example we say the 7th step prayer. It's all based on the meetings group conscience. 
I've tried five different meetings this time around and most of them close with the hand-holding and serenity prayer.  I haven't encountered the Lord's Prayer yet...And you can "opt out" of the prayer/hand-holding.  I don't mind the hand-holding but I do skip saying the intial "God" and just start with "Grant me" instead. :)
I've seen non-religious people remain silent during the Lord's Prayer but hold hands as a sign of unity in sobriety.
