-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1iae7z/my_friend_relapsed/

Hello all!.It's a nice day to be sober right?..I am currently doing really well at 104 days. My cravings are manageable I've lost weight and I feel great. Yay!  .However I had a really bad experience on Friday.  ..I went to rehab about 1.5 years ago and I met a couple really good friends there. We've been in contact ever since and they have been a real help to me and I hope me to them. It's hard living in a hard-drinking college city and all my old friends being really heavy (social) drinkers. So pretty often 2 or all 3 of us will go out and see a show or have dinner or do karaoke or something. Always sober always fun.  ..However Friday I had a girl's night with my friend. We haven't seen each other in a few weeks so we had a lot to catch up on. A couple hours in she says she is really craving a drink. I know the feeling it's hot as hell outside and this place we were at had fancy cocktails I had never tried before. I commiserate and suggest we go to a new venue change of scenery ya know. She asks if I will "be mad" if she has a beer. Just one beer. I ask "why would you even want just one beer? What about tomorrow? What about the sobriety you've built up?" I point out that she drove there. I also point out that I *would* be unhappy if she drank because when I go out with her or our other friend I consider it sober-girls-time. I like it. It's a lot easier than when I socialize with my drinking friends.  ..Anyway we do switch venues I see my brother I'm having a fun time. Then she looks me dead in the eyes and says "I'm getting a beer". What was I supposed to do? Drag her out? She chugs it and then gets another. She tells me she wants to go dancing. I don't want to go I'm having fun talking with my brother. She decides to leave without me. I didn't stop her.   ..So now I feel guilty sad disrespected a little angry.. I would *never* drink out with her. Even if my own sobriety didn't have importance to me at that moment hers would. I feel guilty that I should have done something different. Maybe I was too forceful or not forceful enough? I don't know. And I feel hurt that she never called me yesterday to apologize or anything. And guilty that I never called to check on her.  .My other sober buddy says I need to say something. My boyfriend thinks she's selfish and a jerk and I shouldn't even talk to her anymore. What should I say? What should I do? How can I support her without endangering my own sobriety?  ..Thanks for listening. I enjoy lurking here. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Just be there when she needs you to be. You did your due diligence and let her make her own decision and there's not much more that could be done other than smacking the drink out of her hand when she picked up which is the wrong move... If she wants sobriety she'll seek it. I'm glad you're sober today. Congrats.
First of all way to go and it is encouraging to hear from someone going out and having a good time without drinking. I am brand new to that concept I'm 27 now and don't think I've been out and stayed sober even one night since I was 19. Second of all you did exactly what you could and there isn't any point in trying to change a person's mind once they're set on something. You voiced your opinion which can be scary to do and that's all a good friend can control. I would maybe send her a text just to see if she is doing alright like "hey hope you got home okay and had a good rest of the night." Besides that I would leave it alone and definitely would not go out with her again unless you are prepared for the chance that she'll leave you to go drink again.
[deleted]
