-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1icgm0/day_10_no_drinking_and_no_smoking/

27/M ..Cold turkey both the same day. I have to say it hasn't been too bad. I find myself consuming a lot more caffeine but thats a battle for another day. (2-3 energy drinks + 1 lrg coffe /day)..I have dreams of smoking and drinking. I wake up and feel like I have an ashtray mouth and a hangover but moments later I snap out and realize I'm feeling great. ..Every day I'm feeling better and everyday I want to relapse. I hold onto the fact feeling better outweighs the quick fix. ..I'm not sure how I earn badges here but I'd like to get one as this will help me in my crusade back to health!.
----------immediate responses--------

I decided to quit smoking at the same time too but this is only my second day. I'm at wits end when it comes to the smoking end of it. I had one cigarette left and I brought it to work just in case I get way too irritable to deal with customers. I've quit before for fairly prolonged periods so I know about what i'm in for...Good luck if you're on day 10 then you've basically quit smoking. Just remember how bad it was when you first quit and that you'll have to do it all over again if you start up again.
To get a badge click on the badge link on the right side of the page. I think you need to be on a computer not a mobile device. 
I quit smoking about a week before I quit drinking. It actually wasn't *too* bad because I found that the hardest time to abstain from smoking was when I was drinking. When I quit drinking the not smoking got a hell of a lot easier. Fuck vaping dude. I did that shit for a year and it kept on bringing me back to smoking in the end. Quitting vaping cold turkey will be almost as hard as quitting smoking cold turkey. You're on the right track good luck. 
One thing someone said to me in the beginning that help me out was remember these times when it's not to bad/good/easy and use them for the times when it gets tough. I felt like every day was getting a little bit better then it sneaks up on you but you can make it through the hard times too. Be strong and determined. Way to go on 10 days that is something to be very proud of!
Yikes.  I've been able to stop drinking but I've ended up smoking more cigarettes than I had been.  Smoking is my next thing to quit (I've had a 100pack of Nicorette sitting on my kitchen counter unopened for months now).
