-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ifci8/time_to_reset_the_badge_fuck/

I am sorry everyone I had a relapse last night and my 12 days are now down the drain. I didn't get drunk but I had a couple of drinks trying to calm my nerves.... unrelated stuff...I wish you all more willpower than I. I'm sorry.
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to apologize to anyone but yourself.  I'm glad that you didn't get out of control but if you're serious about your sobriety it may be important to try to use this as a learning experience and figure out what led you to drink and maybe how you could handle the situation differently in the future.
i relapsed after over a month of sobriety recently.  i'm working on fixing my real problems versus fixing drinking if that makes sense.  drinking for me is a way of self-medicating and numbing a very crippling fear that someone is going to physically hurt me.  i realize that i don't drink when i feel safe (which is only when my mom is near) so I need to be able to re-create that safety without her...i was beating myself up over drinking but someone told me something great yesterday.  "well so be it.  you decided to drink and that is what you're going to do today.  you already started and you need to not judge yourself so much.  just accept it and play and enjoy it."  ..fighting drinking was making my problems worse and today because i let myself give in and allowed myself to just go through the experience i actually do feel better and as though i can move and work on the crap that really bothers me...i've never felt this way before.  just accept it and be ok with it because i do not judge you for it.  i think you're doing amazing and you are just on your journey and you will work out a nice healthy lifestyle where you will accept yourself as unconditionally as we do here...there is a guy on this forum that provides me an outlet to unleash and freak out when i need to and if you need something like that i would be more than happy to be that person for you.  you are loved and cared about in this world and you did nothing wrong.  you didn't do anything illegal.  today is going to be an amazing day and you're going to make huge strides in life.  
No need to apologize.  Twelve days are not "down the drain". You did it and that stands. ..Being miserable in early sobriety makes us vulnerable. The fellowship of AA protected me from myself and alcohol. Meeting people who understood and who could show me how they did it was a comfort and offered hope. ..If you think it's about willpower alone you will continue to struggle. There are other ways to find sobriety available in AA SMART recovery and links in the sidebar of /r/alcoholism. 
Don't beat yourself up over it - I relapsed 3 times in the first couple of months I was trying to get sober.  Old habits are hard to break but they can be broken.  ..Start fresh; today is a new day.  Commit to yourself that you will not drink today.
[deleted]
I'm just so sick of being a slave to the bottle. I can't even go through a show on TV without asking myself why I don't have a drink in my hand...It's disgusting and I hate myself for it. It's time for a change most definitely. 
