-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ifkac/new_here/

My name's Gem i've been struggling with an eating disorder and alcoholism for quite a few years. Been through detox and then treatment but i still slipped into it and go through heavy cycles of relapse and usually end up in general or mental health hospitals. It's getting terrifying again it's not been this bad suicidally and impulsively since being in treatment last year. I desperately want and need to stop. I've never used reddit before so it's taking a lot of getting used to but some of the posts here have been so inspirational. 3 days sober so far praying i can make it onwards and upwards.
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly if you're suicidal Reddit can only help so much and some of the advice may not be for you. I love this sub but remember that we are not doctors just other alcoholics trying to help each other out...Maybe we can move that part of the sidebar up closer to the top?..edit: that being said I really feel for you. Do you know what your triggers are? Are they also related to your eating disorder? 
[deleted]
I'm glad the sub has helped but with suicidal thoughts it sounds like you'll need more than reddit's help as /u/bonnaventure said. I would find a doctor/someone to talk to. We're here for as much as we can be of service though. Welcome.
I'll pray for you. I know that sounds lame but I'll be thinking about you and hope you come back tomorrow to talk to us. ..I am recovering from alcoholism and an eating disorder and I understand how much of a mind fuck you are going through right now...Drinking will not help anything. We both know it doesn't help our eating disorders either. ..Do you have access to a mental health professional right now? Can you get one? Are you considering AA?
That's tough to get inside of your head with such little information. . .Do the thoughts happen? Then yes seek help. But we're all here anyway so if you ever want to chat in IRC there's a link for it to the right.. .Drinking hurts the normal thinking patterns.. .The one thing I can say: you'll be OK.. .Yes you will.
3 days is great. I tried many times before and only lasted one day. Now I'm past 3 weeks and feeling great. You can do it. Just keep adding those sober days and life gets better and better. I hope you can focus on the good and keep the dark thoughts at bay without booze. Getting professional help is a positive thing. This subreddit is great for motivation.
