-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1j1j3f/the_urge_to_drink_is_strong/

I've been sober for almost 2 weeks now and I've been doing pretty good. .I mean it hasn't been easy in fact its been quite the opposite but I've taken all of it in stride (I like to think). I've been drinking so much coffee I think I'm part espresso bean re-watching old shows doing my nails pretty much just trying to keep my mind busy... However today has been a real bitch. I got paid today and I'm already thinking about how easy it would be to just go to the liquor store and buy a bottle. I'm trying to keep it cool and think about the pro's and con's. How bad things would be if I did that. I know that it would just be a waste. I've been doing so good and I don't want all that hard work to go down the drain. ..I just wanted to post this here hopefully someone else is going through this so I don't feel so alone?? I don't know. The struggle eh... it's a bitch am I right?
----------immediate responses--------

This is the third time I stopped drinking in my life. ..The first time I stopped was because I thought that I was a danger when I was drunk basically I was bad but I drank three  and a half years later...The second time was because I thought that alcohol was bad it made me do things that were stupid and risky and impaired my judgement...This time I had what I guess you could call an epiphany. I realized that I had a real problem. It wasn't that I was bad it wasn't that the alcohol was bad it was something deeper something that had been hidden from me. ..I realized I was sick and needed help if I was not going to get drunk. I reached out and got help. ..I've learned that maybe one out of ten people suffer from an abnormal reaction to alcohol. It became very obvious to me that I was one of the abnormal folks. I found myself in a dilemma. I was either going to accept my situation or I'd end up drinking again. If I accepted my situation then I could get help and possibly help others who also have the same affliction. If I didn't accept it and do something about it I would eventually give in and drink again...When I drink I always get drunk I mean that's the point right? Normal people don't actually think like that. Being drunk is basically overdosing on alcohol. ..If you have a problem and you find that this subreddit helps I know I do then keep coming back. I also needed other people (who are like me) that I could get with and get their support and do what they do to guard against that next drink...I know now that I will never have **one** ever again. Hopefully I will stay sober from now on but I also know that if I do pick up a drink I'll get drunk and when I get drunk I'm not myself. I can't trust that I'll come out of it unscathed. ..I'm not completely 100% happy with that but that is the truth for me. Without being drunk every day I'm experiencing a new freedom where I don't have to drink to live. I don't wake up guilty and feeling like "Well shit I did it again." I know now what will happen and I've accepted it. ..Now the living can start.
Can you take the cost of the bottle and spend it on something else you want instead?..Bribery sure but if it works who cares!
[deleted]
I just submitted an extremely similar post so similar in fact I had to read yours twice. Ha. ..It's frustrating as fuck when you badly want a drink but I find venting on here and reading all the inspirational posts really does help. ..Stick in there. You know it's worth it that's why you're here. 
Urges are a sign of recovery and not a sign of disaster...Try to focus on something else instead of giving urges the brain-bandwidth you're giving them..
