-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1j5gav/2_weeks_sober_so_far_just_some_small_issues_i/

new comer here!..it's been a really.. absolutely rough 2 weeks. i've struggled with my issues of drinking for the past 7 years (i'm 22 started when i was 15 16 i spiraled downhill). i finally had enough july 13th when i woke up in my bed without my girlfriend beside me completely and utterly hung over from the night before from chugging beers uncontrollably along with drinking an entire bottle of uv blue straight down the hatch chugging a bottle of wine and taking half an ambien i blacked out big time. it wasn't an attempt to kill myself by any means i just don't know when to stop...i stumbled down the stairs still absolutely drunk out of my mind and asked my mother what the hell happened and where my girlfriend went well it turns out after chugging the bottle of wine i walked up my stairs to my bedroom tripped and fell in the hallway and got up and walked into my room and fell again somehow had gotten angry with myself over this and started smashing my head against the hardwood floor over and over. my girlfriend tried to intervene with me doing this by putting her hand between my head and the floor and i just went into a complete fit of rage and got up and cornered her in the wall and was threatening to punch her she ran off and i tried to chase her down the stairs and was trying to hit her the entire time yelling and screaming. from this my father got up and knocked me out cold with one punch and put me in my bed...i woke up that morning and i felt i hit rock bottom enough was enough. my personal appearance was deteriorating i was skin and bones because i never ate and just worried about drinking and taking pills. things are starting to look up.. sorry for the rambling..the only thing i am having issues with is these cravings. it's been 2 weeks today and i still am having these horrible cravings like it was the first day i stopped. they feel like there's a pressure in my chest my brain won't stop thinking about it over and over it just begins to give me a headache. nothing really takes my mind off of it except sleep or eating an absolute butt load of food which can't be too good either...so what do you guys think i should do to stay positive and when do you guys actually stop getting these physical cravings for alcohol?
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. ..Rough couple of years it sounds like :/..Eat as much as you want...Sleep as much as you want. ..Speak to SOMEONE by someone I mean a professional type of alcohol/abuse medical type. ....
That's a hell of a story...I think you're making a good decision to quit...I think it's important to realize that the cravings are temporary.  And that if sleeping or eating a butt-load of food helps I say to go for it.  In the grand scheme of things eating too much has got to be way better for you than drinking to the point of needing a punch in the face...Many times people are craving the sugar from alcohol.  And many people find eating something sweet like chocolate helps them...Good luck!
[deleted]
Welcome! Quite a vivid description of events. ..Trust that the cravings will diminish. I don't know what you're doing on a daily basis toward your sobriety but I went to a lot of AA meetings which gave me support fellowship and a system to stay sober. ..Eat sleep stay sober be merry!
At two weeks I think it is not uncommon to still get cravings.  What you are feeling is not unusual.  Even now I still get mental cravings once in a while.  ..In the past and now drinking thoughts usually arrive when I am in a few fairly easy to define states of mind.  The whole "HALT" things comes up so often but that's because it tends to be very applicable.  If you haven't heard of it it's a reminder that when we are Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired our brain often turns towards the idea of drinking.  I think Bored belongs in this list also.  Next time you are craving ask yourself if one or more of these things describes you at the moment and then address it in some way other than drinking of course.  For me particularly in the beginning hunger was the big one.  I'd be really wanting a drink and instead would have some food (usually tasty cookies) and my craving for alcohol would just evaporate...Pay attention to yourself address what might be triggering alcoholic thoughts and fix those triggers.  
We've been there man you're not the first to be at this point.  It's insanely hard but you can do it.  As far as the cravings go this will be a breakthrough week for you.  Sleep and eat as much as you want don't worry about that crap.  Drink tons of water juice and in the evening mint tea or some other kind of hot tea.  Read at night before you go to bed nothing heavy a science fiction.mystery book something light that keeps you engrossed and helps you go to sleep.  Good luck man we're rooting for you.
