-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1j6b5f/in_a_funk_help/

I've got almost ten months. I could not be happier with my large support group (I like to refer to them as my second family or my AA family). I love them immensely and if it weren't for them I would not be where I am today. They love me unconditionally and they were there for me when I would've rather just drowned myself in vodka and been left alone to my self-pity anger etc...I guess it's throwing me off that I'm far away from home. I've moved to a different state and I've been here almost six months. I go to meetings here but they're different not as "formal"  (by formal I guess I mean they don't really stick to a format). No one ever wants to go out and grab a bite to eat or coffee or anything afterwards. Sometimes a few of us will smoke a couple cigarettes but then everyone just leaves..I shouldn't bitch because I don't really know the reason I haven't been going to meetings lately but I haven't. I have a sponsor here as well as back home. The one I have here is very niceand helpful and I probably don't talk to her as much as I should. I call my other sponsor (back home) nearly every day but she's usually busy with work or meetings or something else...I just haven't been doing much in the way of AA lately. I don't sponsor anyone I went to one meeting this week (it is hard to find meetings here since it's a small town and I work a lot) and I haven't been reading any big book or any AA books. I've been praying. Thanking my Higher Power for what I have saying how grateful I am to be sober and have a loving family (blood family and AA family)..It's been difficult too though because an AA man I knew (not too terribly well but he sponsored many men and was a wonderful person) killed himself. And from what I heard everyone knew he was looking down but  no one expected that. Because he was such a good positive pleasant guy. And I guess I feel strong empathy for those I know who are really deeply upset about it. Because I am close to some of the people he sponsored. And I know they're hurting. I don't mean this to sound selfish but I have this OVERWHELMING desire to be there for them to help (the guy who passed away's family) in any way I can because I know what it is like to experience a loved one's sudden death and it's painful to say the least...And on top of it another one of my friends relapsed last night.  And he was a drunk of  the intense variety (blackout drinking every night suicidal etc). I suggested to him I knew other men he could talk to or if he really wanted he could call me (though I know it's not recommended to have opposite sex confide~ and such)...I really just want to go home and I'm feeling really childish when I say that because circumstances right now won't allow it.
----------immediate responses--------

It will get better are you reaching out at your meetings or are you waiting for an invite. See if your sponsor knows a couple of people you can hang out with. I have found that fellowship has really helped me time and time again. ..I know new places feel different and akward but just keep going and it will get better! 
 So go and give comfort help it is the right thing to do - and it will help you.  Call now.
One thing I do every night  is read AA literature. It reminds me what has gone on in my life and makes me think about my gratitude for being sober every day. It has become a routine and disciplines me.   Read 5 pages of the BB a night and you will read it in a month.  I know you say you have stopped but I find it important to touch base every day or I will loose my gratitude.  Sorry to hear about your friends. Good Luck.
I'd totally take all of that as a sign that I need to get back to basics.  Faith without works is dead so willingness and getting back into action is appropriate.  I bet you know what works and action you should be taking...I've also learned that spoken desires and some enthusiasm can go a long way in regards to effecting change in AA group and fellowship...Don't be afraid to start up a new meeting at a time that works for you in the mold of the meeting in your former locale.  Also don't shy away from a moderate drive to hit a meeting in an adjacent community...Lots of solutions!  Which one/ones are you going to do first?
