-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1j94wr/52_days_in_just_feel_like_sharing_my_story/

I'm feeling good and feeling in the mood to write something. ..I recently turned 30 and since I was 19 I was a moderate drinker. The past two years it turned into being an alcoholic. I'd drink every night and on weekends I'd drink day and night. Eventually it caught up to me...The past year or so I was really struggling at work (I had/have a decent paying office job but alcohol seriously messed up my sleeping which meant I couldn't focus) and I had a meeting with my bosses in early February of this year. I was a hair away from being terminated when I 'lied' and said the poor performance was because I had a drinking problem. I truly didn't think I did sad as that sounds but where I live alcoholism is considered a disability and an employer cannot fire you because of it. That set in motion a chain of events I'm finally nearing the end of. ..My employer put me on a leave of absence to seek treatment. I quit drinking cold turkey and after numerous delays and meetings with doctors and psychologists the recommended plan was a 3 week inpatient program. At this point I was six weeks sober felt fantastic and balked. I told my employer I'd rather take a severance package and they started putting that together. ..One evening in late April I decided I wanted a beer so I grabbed a few cans and watched the ball game. I'd like to say I gently stepped off the wagon but in reality the wagon caught fire and plummeted off a cliff and when I landed a comically large anvil fell on top of me. The next 2-3 weeks were utter hell. I was buying upwards of a fifth of vodka a day and was functioning on a level where the only thing I could do each day was leave the house to buy booze and minimal amounts of food. My family was getting increasingly worried and I was getting increasingly desperate. I knew I needed to quit and I was trying to taper off but god damn it was hard. I was making baby steps though. ..At the beginning of June I was still struggling mightily when I got some of the worst news I've ever got - one of my best friends had died of a suspected drug overdose. From what I knew none of my friends did anything more than drink some beers and maybe smoke pot so this was devastating. It also really put things into perspective for me - he had messed with a drug that took his life and I was messing with one that could take mine. ..Despite his death making me want to do nothing more than get hammered and black out I drank minimally and four days after he died I took my last drink. I went through about three days of pretty bad withdrawal (mostly anxiety lack of appetite and insomnia) and things then went uphill very fast. I've been more active than I have been in ages and mentally and physically I feel 10 years younger. The severance with my work was never finalized and in fact they really want me back. They're still insisting on the inpatient program so I'll be doing that shortly and then returning to work. I'm beyond excited. My family is over the moon with the strides I've made. ..It's just astounding to me how quickly alcohol can flip a life upside down. I'll admit that I barely remember the entire month of May. I look at the previous posts I made on this account when I need a reminder of how about 3 months ago I was desperate and at rock bottom. Now I feel unstoppable. ..So anyway that's my story. ..TL;DR: I used to drink now I don't
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. Thanks for sharing your story. Keep living healthy.
Thanks for sharing...It hurts when I look back at some of the posts I made when I was at my bottom. But it helps otherwise I might get cocky and think that just one beer will be ok.
Good job man! We're rooting for you.
