-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1j9b2p/tenth_meeting/

Okay so . . . Alcoholics Anonymous...After ten meetings I have come to form some opinions on the organization...Although this diatribe may be completely unsolicited (although if you don't appreciate the critique you can just nope on out of this thread right now) to start things off here is my most offensive observation:..It's sorta kinda a cult...Targeting vulnerable people (i.e. people struggling with alcohol dependency)? Check...Extreme and exclusive promises (e.g. "AA is the only thing that kept me from dying of my disease")? Check..."Love bombing" new recruits through extreme amounts of targeted attention and affection (e.g. "Is this anyone's first meeting?" and "You should really get a sponsor . . . here is my number call me")? Check...Solicitation and exploitation of personal information (e.g. "What is *your* number?" and "Please share with us")? Check...Encouragement of a rigidly prescribed way of living (i.e. adherence to *the Twelve Steps* and *the Big Book*)? Check...Discouragement of some alternative methods of recovery (though not all) and disparagement of past ways of living? Check...Repetitive ritualized acts including prayer recitation quotation of texts and chanting of slogans and sayings? Check...Heavy reliance on others (i.e. sponsors) to show you "the way" to live your life? Check...Increasing expectation of organizational commitment and involvement on the part of its members? Check...Throw in a prodigious sample and confirmation bias in their presentation and you've got a pretty compelling argument that AA fits into the "cult" category...**That being said** *if* AA *is* a cult I think that it is a benign if not outright beneficent one. ..I also think that the people in AA operate in good faith out of a genuine sense of concern for fellow strugglers. Additionally membership does not preclude participation in the outside world. Indeed there seems to be a desire to integrate people back into society (although certain types of relationships and activities are discouraged)...After relatively little observation of the organization this is my critical take on it...Admittedly I have been sober now for less than two weeks. I also have done little reading of both *the Big Book* and *the Twelve Traditions*. I do not have a sponsor. In terms of the Steps I am only on one (and a half - I believe in a Higher Power God I just happen to think he is an asshole)...So the argument could be made that I have not participated sufficiently to have an understanding of the organization. Fair enough...But my above criticisms aside *I actually really like AA.* For me the experience of going to meetings learning about and trying to work the steps and being able to talk to people like me really outweighs any of the intellectual reservations that I may have had before my first meeting. ..Also it (kinda) works. I went from drinking every day (for the past several months) to drinking every other day and now I am looking at eleven consecutive days of sobriety. AA helped me get over the period of time where I was sweating getting terrible headaches contending with "the shakies" and having withdrawal-related panic attacks. (Although I would recommend anyone who is experiencing those particular symptoms to actually seek medical attention)...It is also important for me to think about what drew me to AA in the first case. Basically *it's because alcohol was ruining my life and eventually I would end up in prison or a coffin as the result of my drinking.* ..Going at it alone didn't work (after attempting to quit literally four times by myself). Although I'm sure SMART recovery or an individualized treatment program would have offered some support AA was - by far - the most accessible...So yeah. That's my take on AA thus far. ..For those of you out there still on the fence I give it my /u/RespiteAndNepenthe Seal of Approval. Give it a shot. (Although - and I don't care *what* people say otherwise - you atheist types are gonna fucking hate the God stuff cause there is a lot of it)...I plan to keep coming back and to keep all *you* sobernauts posted.
----------immediate responses--------

Enjoyed the post. Served straight up! Couldn't have been better articulated by a seasoned expert witness. Honesty is a big part of recovery and you had that down from Day 1...Re: Step 2 this is where you get to fire that asshole and replace him with a better higher power. In Step 1 we admitted we were powerless or *without power* (over alcohol). Step 2 talks about coming to believe in a power greater than ourselves. From that standpoint of *zero power* even empty space has "some" power [(astrophysics)](http://scienceblogs.com/startswithabang/2012/07/26/empty-space-has-more-energy-than-everything-in-the-universe-combined/). That leaves the field of potential higher powers wide open. Hey what did you expect--I'm a sobernaut!..
You. I like you. ..
Congrats on 11 days.  Huge if you think of it...My puppy is my higher power.   I make offerings to him three times a day.  He presents me with shit at least six times a day.  But he is very cute...AA does grow on you and once you connect with some of the people I suspect you will find its real strength.  There are assholes to avoid certainly but there are many who are funny irreverent caring intelligent.  We have all been through a profound transformation and are better people for it.  ..I won't argue about "cult"  (i too find some things off putting) except to say that unlike cults it gives you something.  I would be miserably dead were it not for AA.  Instead I am often obnoxiously happy.  
I loved reading this.  I think it's important for people to understand that AA is not supposed to magically appeal to all of your sensibilities.  The fact is if you are an alcoholic then AA exists solely because of and for people exactly like you.  Anybody can get over initial distaste if they can put their ego aside like you demonstrated.  Bravo.
Totally like a cult. Chants and everything. Keep coming back! 
Great post and spot on observations. The one thing about AA though is you don't go back they could give a shit... No one is going to try to keep you going back... That's all on you...I'm spotty at best with AA... But I agree it's a fantastic opportunity to get your feet on the ground and essentially hear the same thing you'd hear if you were paying for in-patient treatment (which ironically points you to AA when you're done with it)..
[deleted]
I'm glad you put together 11 days. All I can say is the effect of working through the steps majorly affected my life.
I've been thinking about trying AA for a long time but like you say the god stuff is going to be really problematic for me. I went to a catholic school my whole life and felt very alienated by other people's beliefs. I just couldn't muster up a belief try as I might from say 10-years-old onward. I feel that this sense of alienation will really operate against me if the group is there to offer support and a sense of acceptance. I chatted with a friend who is an active member of AA and it really felt like we'd end up butting heads over that aspect of the recovery program...Edit: a downvote in a place dedicated to recovery and for my first ever public statement that I need help with booze. Wow doesn't say much for the promise of this reddit or folks from AA to actually help me with my drinking problem.  
Great post R&amp;N! Thanks for this.
I've been sober for six months and haven't even touched the steps just gone to meetings or found anyone that seemed like a good fit as a sponsor.  Going to a meeting in the first place was a form of surrender for sure but everything else (the inventory the higher power etc) is part of a nebulous 'maybe one day' plan on attack.  And hell the idea of actually doing a full inventory makes me nervous. ..But for now I have my sobriety and a place to go where that's honored.  That much much more than I had six months ago  The rest can wait.  I don't feel any pressure from my groups to go 'faster'.
