-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jagly/six_months_no_honeymoon/

Six months as a non-drinker!  Wooooo!.....Pretty woo. ..I know my life is without a doubt better due to not drinking.  But it's been hard.  I essentially gave up drinking to better my relationship with my boyfriend.  We broke up three weeks ago (for reasons that I blame entirely on my alcoholic mind and choices I made when our relationship started) and there was a hard minute where I thought being a drinker again was the only solution.  ..But there was definitely an upside to the breakup because I was able to find the internal strength to keep going that didn't involve other people or their approval of me...I really wish I could tell him today that I just hit the six month mark but we've agreed to keep our distance from each other for a couple of months and so I think communication like that would just be self-serving...I went to an electronic music festival this weekend and on Sunday afternoon there was a Bill W. meetup. We all spoke openly about being part of a substance-fueled scene and finding the beauty beyond all of that.  It was inspiring to be surrounded by other people in my scene/demo that struggle with the same demons as I do.  In an hour I'm going to a noontime meeting.  I haven't been to a meeting in three+ months but I'm glad that I'm finding that support again...So yeah... just checking in.  Thanks /r/stopdrinking for being there :)
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome katanapdx.  Way to stay strong through tough times.  I think it's a great sign of progress!..Keep it up!
That sense of internal strength which comes as a "surprise" is validating isn't it? I'm sorry for the breakup but other doors are opening and you'll learn a lot about yourself. ..The meeting at the music festival sounds like a spiritual experience. Thanks for sharing. Your post made me smile; it brought back memories.
Very nice! Sorry about your breakup but so proud you kept it going. Sometimes people stop drinking and forget there's still a life to live good and bad. Well done on rising above! 
High-five to six months here! And also to going through relationship trauma without turning back to one of the contributing causes. I got you. Feels pretty great to be awesome while sometimes miserable no?
Indeed some hefty high fives are due. Nice depth in the self awareness category katanapdx....Way to post inspiration. .
Sorry about he boyfriend but well done on dealing with it maturely.  You should be really proud of yourself!  I'm proud of you and I don't even know you.  Well done!
You've got a great perspective! Thanks for the inspiration!
Doing it alone doing it for someone else is in my opinion the hardest way possible to stay sober.     .You are to be commended for sticking it out for understanding it can be better and for trying to make it better..
It's really hard to go through a breakup in early sobriety but i'm really happy that you've found a new inner strength and a desire to be sober for yourself. I wanted to sober up for my husband for a long time. He quit drinking to support me and for himself but i just couldn't get it together for him. One day i finally reached a desperate point and i began to want to be sober for me. Because he couldn't hold me accountable. I had to be accountable to other alcoholics (i use AA) and eventually to myself. He's wonderful and he still supports me but he's come to understand that my sobriety comes above everything even our marriage if need be. Thankfully it hasn't come to that...I think you'll find that doing this without a SO may actually be easier than trying to maintain a relationship while you're in your first year. It sounds like you are on a great path! I wish you well.
congrats to you! as someone getting on and off the wagon frequentlylet me remind you drinking sucks.  I think I might become the first alcoholic in history who quits because he stops liking alcohol 
Sobriety makes the personal speed bumps of life easier to handle.  I lost both parents within seven months of each other.  I was able to lift my head high and accept the life challenge and never even thought of drinking.  The personal worthiness level soars with sobriety.  I lost a career due to drinking (I'm a nurse) and got it back with sobriety.
[deleted]
I'm going through something similar here too! Stopped drinking to better relationship with ex-boyfriend kind of sort of got back together and now on the fritz again. The first few days after were super hard but thinking about how much worse it would be if I were drinking has helped a lot. It's true I didn't know what to do with myself-- after every other breakup in my life I'd be obliterated. Only a few days later I already feel much much better. Back when I was drinking it took me months to get over stuff because I was just numbing the pain temporarily every night. We have to feel things shitty things and feel them completely in order to bounce back. 
Congrats on the milestone! 
I lost my girlfriend because of the decisions I made while I was an alcoholic before our relationship even started. I also got sober for her. I spent over 120 days sober and I relapsed when we broke up. It was a pretty bitter thing to have to deal with the fact that even though I was sober the things that I did in the past as an alcoholic still came back to haunt me.  ..I'm doing it for myself now and its amazing that you had the strength to keep going for yourself in the midst of all that. You are inspiring a lot of people including myself...Keep at it!.. 
congrats on the six months! i know breakups can be bad and i know they affect us and our decisions about our lifestyles. recently when in doubt a wiseman told me something i would never forget: does that person has the kind of influence on you to make you go down again? i think not. i think you are strong and remember dating sober you is better than dating drunk you :)
Congratulations!..I also love that you hit up a Bill W group at an electronica festival.  I had never thought of that...I think I would be jubilant to be at a place like that with that group of people!
