-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jehvw/odd_situation_dont_know_how_to_handle_it_or_if_i/

I relapsed 8 months ago (previously a little over 4 months sober) and became a fixture at a bar near my house. The bartenders were all beautiful girls and I was well liked by the regulars. It made it fun for me. Why not ruin your life in style?..This was not my first time around the block and I know that the girls are paid to flirt. Over the course of my time there it sort of devolved into an almost scripted set of interactions. No matter what they did how tight their clothes were or how many whipped cream fights they got into I'd tip the same amount and drink the same amount - rain or shine. ..I knew faking was part of their job and they knew I knew - because of that I think they started to respect me. ..Except one girl was different - she and I are a year apart in age. Since I'd come in when it was empty we had the chance to get to know each other. We started to see each other outside the bar. I've been to a lot of bars but I had never been in that situation before (Of course every drunk's dream is to date the hot bartender!). ..She started to open up about how she wanted to get healthy and to get out of the life as she is very much an alcoholic. She has tried to stop but her job makes it understandably very hard. She's not done with school yet and it's expensive to live where I live and bartending is the best money out there (and cuts down the cost of the habit)...A couple months ago I caught a lucky break. My friend and I got banned after two guys picked a fight with us in the bar which later escalated into a pretty bad street fight. Luckily my friend and I walked away with no warrants no serious injuries etc. I saw the warning signs that my life was reaching yet again a crisis level because of booze. I still drank but it was different...After I got banned I didn't contact her (I was ashamed) and she didn't contact me. I thought to myself: "no big deal - they are paid to be nice since my money is no longer good there it's logical they don't care - I guess she was just stringing me along after all..." So I forgot about her for a while then finally put the booze down and sobered up soon after that. ..Today though on my 21st day sober I got a text from her saying that she misses me and wanted me to come see her next time she works. She didn't care if she got fired for serving me. I have to say - I was a little touched. ..Part of me wants to go back and tell her about my situation. How I got sober got a new job and managed to pull myself out of the tailspin. ..Part of me wants to say I want her to come with me. We both talked about leaving the life behind. ..Another part of me says to run - delete her number un-friend her on Facebook so I don't have to see her destroy herself over the next couple of years.  ..Fuck me. What a curve ball. This is the first real challenge I've had to face.
----------immediate responses--------

I would say if she really cared about you at all and not just your money then you should ask her to meet up for coffee or something and see what she says. ..I'm a waitress at a bar and I'm also almost 3 years sober. ..I think if she has told you she is struggling too then maybe if you tell her you're sober it will make her think about her life as well. ..However the ultimate priority is yourself. You have to do what is best interest for YOU before anyone else in order to stay 100% sober. That was a tough thing for me to fully realize but once I did my life got much easier to manage. I pretty much based my decisions on what would keep me sober in the beginning.  (Ie: friends invite me.Out even though they know I don't drink anymore but just can't seem to grasp the concept sure I could go but I choose to avoid those type of places to keep sobriety #1 in my life)..Good luck and keep up the great work it's an amazing thing to be proud of! 
Tell her you've quit drinking and that you no longer step foot into bars. If she insists on meeting ask her to meet you at a coffee shop.  If she wants to make a change too that's great.  But I would be vary wary of getting involved in a relationship at this point. That's something that's much easier said than done I know. Especially given your age &amp; the fact that early sobriety can be a cold &amp; lonely place...I think your best move is to take the "run" approach you suggested.  You don't need any complications at this point.  ..And to be completely honest I doubt I would have heeded that advice had it been given to me.  Knowing what I know now though I think that ignoring that advice would have been incredibly foolish of me. Here's hoping you're smarter than I would have been.  :)
And no part of you wants to jump back to the way it was? You're clearly serious about your sobriety...The problem with the girl who is still in it is like the two of you trying to scale Mt Everest while tied together with a rope. If she's just lagging and not pulling her weight you'll have to work a lot harder. If she falls chances are you could too...I get the temptation but I'm glad you're being objective.
