-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jireq/coming_close_to_my_two_month_mark_suddenly/

As I approach my two month mark of quitting drinking I've been finding myself way too close to ruining everything and cannonballing into the liquor store so I can pound a bottle of wine...Since I quit drinking I've experienced a host of health problems.  Currently I'm dealing with a week long cold and to top things off my digestive system is acting like it wants to die...I should add that I quit taking benzos on July 8th (I had been on klonopin for 3 months) and may be going through the added withdrawal of this shit from my system...I'm just nervous because when I get stressed out I want to drink.  I want to POUND booze into my body.  Which obviously will do nothing to help my GI tract.  Or ultimately my stress levels which would get catastrophic if I let myself relapse.  ..I just don't know what to do.  I'm going to see my doctor next week to talk to her about my digestion and my immune system which seems to have collapsed since I quit.  Has anyone else experienced anything like that?
----------immediate responses--------

You say stress makes you want to drink and that drinking will increase your stress levels catastrophically. Sounds like you don't want to be on that merry-go-round...What caused you to quit? Can you bring back those reasons and work through them?..What other supports do you have? Can you get more support--friends meetings therapy? At 2 months I've thought in the past: what next? The bloom is off the rose yet I hadn't really solidified a new pattern of sobriety. It's tough; perhaps reaching out as much as possible might help you feel better about this good path you're on. ..Hang in there!
What you're going through is normal (and awful sorry.) I'm glad you're already going to the doctor that's important may I recommend staying around people as much as you can? I don't know if you work a program but if you show up at an AA meeting and say you need to hang out with people until you're tired you'll find some help. There's no requirement you work the steps their purpose is to help you stay sober. ..Just don't drink. One day one hour one fifteen minute segment at a time. 
Thanks for the post. It's a good sign that you're reaching out. When our primary coping tool is taken away it makes us feel weak and raw in the face of conflict and stress. I'm sorry you are struggling. ..I can make a promise. If you drink it will make your physical and mental health much worse. Thank goodness you are under the care of a doctor. ..When I felt stressed an AA meeting put me in touch with people who understood and offered support. ..Think about how long you abused alcohol. Your body is in shock and trying to adjust. You may be feeling the pain and discomfort that alcohol hid from you and are discovering the health problems caused by alcohol. You know the expression "Feeling no pain". ..Hang on! Don't drink today. 
[deleted]
Went to someone's 26th anniversary of not drinking and they said for the few weeks leading up they were having cravings that they hadn't had in a while. They say it happens often when you get to the milestones. ..Just don't drink today and then do the same tomorrow. 
