-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jt0ug/1_month_sober_relapsing_giving_up_or_just_having/

Well I made it. My first month sober. It has been easy it has been hard I have told people "I don't even want to drink now even if I could" I have also asked for "just one beer". With the help of my girlfriend kicking down that little voice (Actually a guy on a motorbike pulling a small trailer shouting "Becks" "K lsch") whilst sitting by the lake watching the sunset I resisted. ..Trouble is I feel I am now at a stage believing that I have been sober for a month now and I am thinking clearer than a long time. My "clear thinking" has led to me believe that I ended up letting alcohol run my life as in heavily influencing where I went and who was going to be there. Although now its similar but the opposite as I try to avoid going to a party and whatnot as for me It will be boring. So in a way its still a problem...I don't want this problem any more. I have read a few posts on relapsing and I know everybody is different. For me I believe my main problem was the self pitying liquor destroying phase. I have always drank to excess without a thought for the consequences. Basically I just want to enjoy a few beers in the park on occasion. I feel I could manage this now and with a set strict set rules 1) No alone drinking...I am not too sure if this is going to go down well as I am basically asking questions around stopping drinking. Believe me I know what I am trying to do. Drinking just seems to be such as a social part of my life and help on moderating it seems like something I should be working on - not quitting forever which sounds like a monstrous commitment at 25...Some advice required.
----------immediate responses--------

What's the point of drinking just three beers while sitting in the park?  All three beers are going to do is make you want more beer. That ridiculous romantic image you have in your head is complete bullshit.  You'd be happier sitting in the park having 0 beers.  
For me drinking was about the effect.  Sometimes I could successfully surf a mild buzz but most often I paddled over to the bigger waves the ones that came in to the cliff face.  Wheeee!..For me it was not a phase.  It was trying to medicate and fill a hole inside myself.  ..Results may vary but even today (after a lot of today's) it is just for today I don't worry about forever.
a few things:.first of all congratulations on staying sober for a month!..something i think you ought to ask yourself: do you REALLY just want to enjoy "a few beers"? how many is a few? i know that many problem drinkers/alcoholics including myself say things like that all the time - what i really meant was that i wanted to get Drunk but maybe only once a week. Or maybe twice. Or maybe three times or oh hell the weekend is basically Wednesday-Sunday - it's a slippery slope for someone who uses alcohol as a coping mechanism. ..i believe /u/offtherocks has a collection of people's failed attempts at moderation which might be worth a read. you can also just search "moderation" in the search bar at the right...i'm also 25 and i get the social aspect - but personally i've come to the conclusion that i'd rather have a period of social awkwardity now than look back on my life at 35 and seeing an extra decade i wasted being wasted (no offense intended for those who quit later in life)...all the best to you in whatever you choose to do - but i'll leave you with this: people who are capable of moderating generally don't have to think about it or make rules around it. they just do already.
I too drank for effect. But what I realized was as I drank more. With more frequency the effect went away. While before I could drink a nice 22 and feel great by the end I would drink a four pack of 12% beer and then a whole bottle of wine on top of that just to "cement" In that buzz since it was only 4 pm.  Needless to say I never learned that you can't just get to a level and keep it there. I tried for years but in the end I had to come to grips with the fact that I was seeking a ten minute feeling that was running faster away from me than I could keep up with.  Drinking more took me too far and I had to end that with a conversation on the porcelain telephone and drinking too little left me craving more. I think reminding yourself of that impossible and fruitless chase will help with your desire to relapse. Now that I've been sober more than a week I think that sobriety is to alcoholics what alcohol is to normal people. It's that fleeting feeling of mental energy feeling the enormous amount of energy you can have after so many years without it and waking up and living day to day with no guilt that we crave. But the plus side: the "buzz" lasts more than a few minutes. And you can never have too much! ..Stay sober friends
I'm twice your age. Moderated often. Never ever worked. Never. I got tired of doing the math. And learned that I can have a fine fine time without the beer.  This happened when I stopped thinking of what I was *doing* (drinking or not drinking) and started thinking about what I *am* and want to be--simply a sober person. Changed everything for me. 
I always think of those old western movies where a scout goes out ahead of the wagon train and then comes back with arrows sticking out of his back. He falls off his horse just as he arrives and says how bad it is out there. I see people come back from trying to manage drinking the same way. I will let others go do that research!
You know what tastes good sitting on the beach?  It won't make you sweaty and tired.  Lemon-aid!
Well done on your first month and thanks for this post! I've been thinking along similar lines - that the solo drinking was the problem "I'm doing well enough now amn't I?" and coming up with ways to just drink socially - but the fact that I already am doing so after barely a week is slightly terrifying (as it should be)...For me a few beers in the park (or elsewhere) with friends were most always a prelude to basically drinking everything in the house alone after my (now ex-)girlfriend had went to bed and getting hyper-emotional falling back into my depressive past and wallowing in that. ..I think that prospect (which I somehow looked forward to maybe as a retreat from stress? Still figuring that one out!) led me to drink more than most people (so as to 'maximize' the effect) and also not enjoying the social get-together for the social aspects but for the drinking. Heck I even't didn't enjoy the drinks fully I guess!..I'd like to think that working backwards from that causal chain (dealing with my past depressions and their causes no longer feeling the need to retreat not forcibly making myself sad) could let me enjoy a beer now and then. But that's not something I'm going to do in just a month!..As for advice I've found out that drinking isn't actually a particularly big part of my social life or of having fun; I just thought it was and sometimes I even made it such. You could try meeting your friends in a 'dry' setting or just be clear that you won't drink alcohol but that they're welcome to it. Do you feel peer pressure to drink?..Thank you again for making me think about my thought processes this has been helpful for me and I hope you get something out of it too!
[deleted]
