-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jth8g/quitting_drinking_and_becoming_a_social_outcast/

The biggest challenge for me when I quit was coming to terms with basically having to find a whole new group of friends and of course the attitudes that came along with it. There may have been two people who would be respectful and still spend time with me without the need for a drink. For the most part though no one would invite me over and no one who come over because they knew I didn't have or want alcohol in the house. When I did go out with people they would continue to get plastered beyond belief and either not care about me or go so far as to get pissed at me for being the sober guy. It's true what they say misery loves company. I struggled with resentment for a long time toward these people. I know quitting was my journey and mine alone but I couldn't understand if these people were my friends why they couldn't be friends and help me though my journey rather than abandoning me. That's when you learn who are your real friends and who are your drinking buddies...Looking for new friends is still difficult because most people it turns out associate drinking with having a good time and letting loose. Though I have been somewhat successful in finding sober social circles I have basically had to resign myself to just spending time with people who drink or spending time alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Or hit up an AA or SMART recovery meeting where there are sober friends waiting for you. 
If you drank like I drank then you were an outcast when you drank because of the way you drank... if you catch my drift.
Most of my friends are already well into their thirties so happily enough for me they're also a bit more responsible with respect to alcohol and don't shun me for not drinking (heh some of them might even take me as an example ;)...I haven't invited friends over yet (I'm in the middle of packing for a move so it's a bit uninviting at my old place) but when I do I'll just ask them to bring *and take away again* their own alcohol. That ought to work I guess.
While my friends have been quite a bit cooler about my sobriety than the friends you described I find I don't really get invited anywhere ever besides the major social gatherings. I'm lucky enough to have a girlfriend I love spending time with but if I didn't I would probably be trying to make friends through AA or attempting to hang out with my friends in the daytime or early evening to avoid being around drunk people all the time. What works for me is hobbies. I work out and hike and for awhile I had one of my old friends come over a lot as a lifting/hiking buddy. He works and goes to school as do I so we haven't met up for awhile but what I'm getting at is that if you find healthy hobbies people you know who are inclined to better themselves will come on board.
Changing your playground and playmates is a good idea. You might find those people you thought were your friends really weren't that great of friends. I know I sure learned who was a real friend when I changed my life to get sober.
It is definitely a life adjustment but it's for the better. Clearly those people are not your real friends if they resent you and put you down because of your decision. I realize it's hard for them to see someone they used to party with being sober in an environment that is likely not full of a bunch of sober people. Maybe try doing something with those friends in a different environment without alcohol. It's not healthy to put yourself into those situations especially if you are uncomfortable. Best of luck to you!
I spend my time with people who don't drink. AA is full of them. I have hundreds of friends and meet new ones everyday. Over the last 3 years I have met thousands of fun people who do not drink...You don't need to be alone look up a local meeting...Good luck 
People make a lot about hitting up meetings to make friends. I've been going to meetings for 98 days and I've only met ONE person I was interested in being friends with. Granted I'm a little picky on who I'll hang out with but still. My experience was kind of split down the middle; half of my friends stopped calling me and stopped inviting me out and the other half stuck with me. I don't even fully understand the first half because I've made a concerted effort to not change my life THAT much which means I still hang out with people who are drinking and I'll even go to the occasional bar and be fine with my club soda. So I guess it wasn't enough to have me there and have me even coming out to the bars they needed me to RAGE with them like I used to. I think people generally feel uncomfortable with change. My social life is not what it used to be when I was drinking but my sponsor tells me that will change and I believe him. I also need to take some of the responsibility and put myself out there more but for now I'm keeping it simple and trying not to rush myself. Good luck!
[deleted]
[deleted]
