-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jun8z/day_3/

I stumbled upon this page yesterday and I figured it wouldn't hurt to share my story...I'm 32 and have been drinking since I was 15. Over the past 5 years my drinking has escalated to an unhealthy level. I would drink 8-12 pints (up to 18 occassionally) of beer per day. While I was working I would struggle to make it to drink time and now that I'm unemployed I sometimes started drinking first thing in the morning. ..I had my last drink on Saturday night and decided that now was the time to take some control over my life. The first two days were tough. Night sweats weakness and vomiting. I think the worst has passed but I know that I never want to go through that ever again. ..I know where the real problem lies my history of social anxiety and depression combined with the loss of my brother at age 25. I've been using booze as a crutch for years and I'm tired. ..Here is my worry. I have little support from my family my father is a heavy drinker and my mother just projects her anger and frustration when I talk to her. I have few friends where I currently live and I'm worried that the boredom will get the better of me. ..I've been to 12 step meetings before but have serious ideological differences with that program. I know it has worked for millions of people and that is great. However I'm an atheist and also strongly believe that in order for me to succeed 'I' must be in control and show will power and resolve. ..Hope I'm not rambling too much...if anyone has some advice or encouragement I could really use it. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing and best of luck. Please keep an eye on your symptoms and be prepared to call a doctor if you feel like you are hallucinating or if your other symptoms do not improve. ..As far as meetings go one way to think of them is an excuse to get out spend an hour at a sober place and use that time to build a new sober network. The power of the meetings is not in the program or the ideology but in the fellowship. Find people who are wanting to live a sober life and plan to do things with them... you will need to get out and engage with society and you want to do it safely and with sober people. ..Best of luck.
Hmm. I'm an atheist and took what helped from AA and it was plenty. You're missing out on a wonderful fellowship. ..Take a look at this recent post: "AA Not Religious; Not a Cult"..* http://www.reddit.com/tb/1juebm.
I'm on day 3 myself.  Again.  I'm also an atheist but you've reminded me of the thing I disagree with AA about even more than the "higher power" stuff:..The idea that you are powerless.  I can't accept that.  At the end of the day other people (or a higher power or god or whatever) can't quit drinking FOR me.  I have to quit.  There's nothing at all wrong with having help.  But like having a personal trainer to get you in shape it is still your responsibility to get yourself to the gym...So here's some encouragement:  You can do it.
When I decided to get sober for real I was willing to go hang out with those weirdos at AA. They took me in even though I could not stand AA prior to that point in my life. I guess it all depends on what lengths you are willing to go to so you can be sober. I vote its worth a try worked for me. 
I too do not subscribe to being powerless and found AA to be very negative.  I find SMART Recovery (online meetings &amp; live ones in some areas) to be very empowering.  Quite a different model from 12 step &amp; very refreshing.  There's also LifeRing and SOS but I have no looked into those.  "Breaking Addiction: A 7-Step Handbook for Ending Any Addiction" by Lance M. Dodes is a good resource for self help..Don't give up there are other options.  .
