-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k6los/relapsed_both_happy_and_sas_about_it/

Hi all.  I went a bachelor party last night and rationalized my way into drinking.  I have some mixed feelings about it and could really use your guys support.   On one hand I'm extremely disappointed in myself of course.  The other hand is a bit more convoluted;..1 - I didn't get drunk.2 - The beer and few group shots I did tasted horrible.3 - I really didn't like the buzz I got from the alcohol it was different then I remembered in that it wasn't enjoyable.4 -It did feel nice to be with the group.5 -I have zero desire to have a drink right now or in the future..To summarize I truly feel this has solidified the progression of myself in it that I don't drink anymore 99.9% of occasions and it feels good.  ..Question  how much of neurological brain repair do yoy think I could have reversed?  Thanks guys I'm really beating myself up on this one and feel down.
----------immediate responses--------

In the past I've gone through the same flawed thought process you're going through now.  I quit for 6 or 7 months once and I started drinking again because of a special occasion. Didn't get drunk had an OK time didn't want to drink the next day.  Awesome I'm better now right?  Nope.  "Special" occasions started coming more frequently.  I started making decisions based on whether or not I'd "get" to drink at a particular social event.  For many months I was drinking only a couple of times per month.  But the longer it went on the more I thought about drinking when I wasn't.  Even though I wasn't drinking thoughts of drinking consumed my life.  In time I ended up drinking weekly then a few times per week and eventually I was right back to drinking every day...My point: it didn't happen overnight.  It took me months to get back to drinking every day.  ..Don't make the mistake of thinking that your not wanting a drink today is "progress."  It's not.  Calling anything progress implies that there's a goal. If your goal is to never drink again this wasn't progress. If your goal is to one day become a normal drinker all I can say is that I don't know of a single alcoholic who's been able to reach that goal. .."I didn't like it" .."It wasn't as great as I remembered" .."I have no desire to drink right now"..So what?  Your inability to control your past drinking led you to sign up for an addiction recovery forum and request a badge to mark the number of days you've been sober. Did you see that happening the first time around? Of course not.  So what rational reason can you possibly have for believing that it won't happen again?  Meaningless rationalizations are what let you here in the first place...There is nothing convoluted about your situation.  You decided to quit alcohol.  You went to a bachelor party where you chose to drink alcohol despite having previously decided to quit alcohol. And now you're feeling shitty for failing so you're trying to rationalize your way into believing that it wasn't a big deal. Because you know it's a big deal. It is a big deal.  That's the situation.  It's not convoluted at all...There's nothing wrong with trying to find a silver lining in all of this but your silver lining seems to include drinking on special occasions.  If you are an alcoholic that isn't possible for you.  If you're an alcoholic this is exactly how that long &amp; steady descent back to your old ways begins.  Alcoholics don't just fall off the wagon one day &amp; say "Fuck it I'm gonna drink until I want to die."  They all think they have it under control.
I thought offtherocks was being a little hard on you (not that anyone should go easy on you either) until I saw that you posted from the party and got 11 responses all of them advising you to leave. Wtf man? Sounds like you were in a bad spot realized you were in a bad spot and decided to stay anyway. You didn't accidentally drink you were looking to get drunk and seized the opportunity. This is a great opportunity to learn that you are an alcoholic you cannot drink alcohol you cannot moderate and will knowingly put yourself in a position to drink if the opportunity arises...I relapsed on a family vacation a few weeks ago. I chose to drink and I did fine. The next day I only had a couple the day after I only had one next day zero the day after that I drank myself into oblivion. I am an alcoholic no way around it...But that being said I wish you all the best reset the badge stay sober and try to avoid activities like beer pong beer chugging contests whisky tastings bachelor parties etc. If you attend you know why you're attending and you've already failed before even putting a drink to your lips.
You guys are right of course. Ugh.  Thank you for taking the time and setting me straight I appreciate it.  I'll just have to get through this self loathing and reset and refresh.  Wow this sucks I'm so disappointed in myself right now its really effecting my mood.  ..Fuck bachelor parties and drinking.  Any tips on getting over these feelings?...Thanks again you two.
I'm really glad you posted this guy I resolved myself to drink on an upcoming vacation in December after reading this I know that would be a terrible idea. (Sober 2.5 months) 
