-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k6yha/watched_breaking_bad_with_some_friends_tonight/

One of them bought beer for everyone I declined. She left two bottles behind in my fridge. I had absolutely no problem pouring them out in my sink and tossing the bottles. No stress no anxiety no second thoughts. ..This is my first post here but thank all of you for being a kind caring honest and supportive community of people who share the same struggles and with whom I can share the same victories. ..Thank you all.  
----------immediate responses--------

when Walt brought the money back to Jesse's house he said something close to "you can't change the past you can only make the future better." i have lived by that for about 2 years now. stay strong. 
That is pretty impressive. I feel like time heals wounds but it also takes pleasure away. This is your first post here so you must have been really happy about your decision and wanting to share. But looking at your badge and the 45 it shows I want to remind you of how hard that would have been when it said day 1. ..Yet here you are dumping bottles and removing even the possibility of having a stash in your house. Not only that but you didn't mourn the liquid terrorist as you poured it down the drain. Good for you be proud of how awesome that is.
Ha I'm staying in a house where there's an open full bottle of Jagermeister in the freezer and as I was serving myself some ice cream to settle down and watch Breaking Bad last night I laughed to think about how I would have reached for the bottle first 46 days ago.  Didn't give it a second thought...Go us!
Two bottles wouldn't have been enough anyway. Might as well throw it out. 
I watched BB with my /r/stopdrinking chat room brothers and sisters last night.  It made a good day great!
I quoted Walt on my twitter last night something he said resonated with me:.."You need to stop focusing on the darkness behind you. The past is the past."..Now Walt is a murderer and a sociopath at this point and only trying to manipulate Jesse into doing what he wants but the words are still true.
I'm in the middle of week two and I'm 99% sure I wouldn't be able to dump them. Congrats OP you are awesome. 
