-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k8ouc/from_the_child_of_an_alcoholic/

I apologize in advance for errors. I am doing this from my phone. I will start off with a little background.....My dad was the oldest of four rowdy boys. Him and one of the brothers were drinkers. The other two were not. One of those brothers passed from cancer when i was young. My dad took it hard. He was in and out of jail for DUI and finally got clean. Five years in his other "good" brother passed. Dad lost his sobriety a short time later. ..Most of you might not care to read all this but for those that do i just want to give you a glimpse of what its like for the child of a drinker. ..Growing up there was fighting between my parents of course. Never physical really. Lots of yelling and crying and slamming of things. I know others have it worse. My point is that even this is traumatic. There was the usual game of "find dad on payday before the check is gone.". I went along on these rides around town to each bar to search him out. Waited quietly in the car while drunks went in and out. Had the five minute meeting with dad while he leaned smelling of beer in the car to tell me goodnight. I remember the escalating fights as my brother grew. They got physical more than once. I remember waiting for him to come home on my birthday with friends into the early morning. I found out later that day he had hit a post coming home drunk. Another DUI. I remember never trusting his sobriety to last. I remember the split ups they would have. I remember swallowing a handful of pills hoping my pain would make him stop. It didn't. ..I remember the anger when after five years sober he lost it. I remember my mother being lonely and tired and hurt. He cheated multiple times. Did he.love her? Yes. But the alcohol ruined who he really was. It was time for him to go. ..He moved out. Strained relationship. Still drinking. He remarried. I wasn't invited. When i got married last year i debated inviting him. I'm his little girl though. I wanted him to walk me down the aisle. He did but bailed before he even danced with me. I still tried but every phone call was strained and painful and eventually turned mean. I haven't talked to him in months now. ..I love my father. I hate the alcoholic. He is not a terrible man by any means but he is not bearable when drunk. My father is still alive but i have lost him to the disease. So many moments in my life are painful because of this man and to this day it affects me. ..I know this got really long. I just hope it can help someone along the way. I know sobriety can work and i have seen the struggle. Don't give up. There is so much more good than bad with it...Thank you...Edit: So far the feedback has been great. If any of you need to talk I'm happy to listen. I'm happy to share. Whatever I can do to help. Please feel free to message me. You guys are all making a WONDERFUL choice. 
----------immediate responses--------

As a parent I thank you for this. 
Thanks for taking the time to share.
who do alcoholics hurt the most? the people that love them. I'm sorry for the pain you've been through and I applaud the courage it took you to write this.  Everyone in this subreddit needs to read this.  
| I remember the anger when after five years sober he lost it...This is really helpful to me. To remember that this is something that has to be fought for every day. Thanks.
More than just the drinker alcoholism can take out entire families if it's allowed to. My wife had a dad a lot like yours and it's a made a huge impact on who she is today and even shapes our marriage. It's probably no surprise that the daughter of an alcoholic would latch on to and marry and active alcoholic herself. It really is a family disease...I think you might appreciate the opportunity to share your experience with others who've been in similar situations. You might consider looking for an al-Anon meeting or other group that includes child of alcoholics. I see al-Anon and child of alcoholics in open AA meetings from time to time too hearing the other side of their story. All very powerful stuff to behold and as someone who's paid her price for admission I think you might come to see a benefit for yourself.
[deleted]
Thank you for helping me not drink today.  May my daughter never know your pain. 
Thank you so much for sharing this.  It means a lot.
Thank you for sharing. 
