-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kqhtd/my_roommate_confronted_me/

So it happened.  My drinking affected my roommate.  I was trashed and sloppy Saturday night and she is concerned about my safety as well as the safety of her house and animals.  I totally get it.  This was a wake up call I had been waiting for (sub-consciously engineering???)  .So today is day 1 AGAIN.  What will I do differently this time?  .Put real effort into it.  Stop the denial.  Be accountable.  HOW?..1) do my SMART Recovery homework and attend more meetings.2) be completely honest with my roommate.3) engage in replacement activities when I feel the need to escape.4) come and post here and asK for support  .5) exercise.6) reach out to friends and family when I am struggling.7) find a therapist?..I know I can do this.  I've waited far too long.  I've made way too many excuses...I'm feeling a mixture of anxiety excitement relief fear dread nausea.....please share with me that it gets better....  thanks all
----------immediate responses--------

It definitely does get better. The withdrawals will pass in a few days and then you really have to look at yourself what you've done in the past and decide that this is the best thing for you and I promise you you'll start to feel better. Congrats on making this decision 
It gets much better.  I had all the same feelings.
2. Be completely honest with myself. ..
It gets better...Your roommate cares about you and has courage. She has been going through many of the feelings you have now. 
Well it does get better.  Remember something about alcoholism--it's primarily a thinking-"disease" that manifests as a drinking-"disease."   So go slow don't over think it.  Work on not picking up the first drink and being willing to listen. 
Things *can* get better when you are sober you will be able to make responsible decisions and choices and that make the "getting better" part a real possibility. But like choosing not to drink YOU have to make the choices that will make things better. (but yea they get better)...For me my recovery is driven by a daily commitment to not drink and to work my program all day toward that goal. It is a verbal commitment and not just a passing thought. I stop what I am doing pause deep breath and I make my commitment. Every morning...That little bit of ritual can be powerful later in the day when things get tough. I remind myself that I what to be true to myself and I start working my program... including distraction activities calling people or even going to a meeting. Whatever it takes today... I even convince myself that I can just not commit tomorrow if that is what it takes. 
What is this SMART thing I keep hearing? 
