-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kx4nz/struggling_with_admitting_a_possible_problem/

I stumbled into this sub a few days ago and after reading a few posts I've come to the realization that I may have a problem. I'm 20 years old and my mother sisters and most friends have referred to me as the "alcoholic of the group" since I was about 17. On June 28th I was arrested and charged with a DWI pending what is sure to be a conviction. It wasn't until this point that my father a man that I've always respected and looked up to looked at me with a sorrowful look in his eyes and asked me "Son do you think you have a drinking problem?" I didn't know what to say. I told myself I would stop drinking for the rest of the summer until I got back to University. I made it all of 3 days. After that night I told myself I was seriously in need of a mental revamp and I needed to take a break from the bottle for a while. I made it about 7 days that time. Addiction to drugs and alcohol runs in my family and I'm very afraid that I'm falling down a slippery slope or even reached the point of addiction already. I think I need help /r/stopdrinking.
----------immediate responses--------

A DWI does seem like a red flag.  Good luck.  I have found reading what the wise folks here say to be extremely useful.  It was hard to admit my problem to itself but once I did I felt liberated.
Admitting that you have a problem is the first step.  AA is a really helpful place.  Everyone is there for the same reason and has the same goal they just want to help themselves and each other remain sober.  There's no judgement no pointing fingers.  They won't force you to do anything you don't want to do.  ..The people are there to provide guidance and support that's it.  If you falter and slip back they'll help you get back on track when you're ready...Definitely get a lawyer show up to court clean cut and well dressed.  A DUI isn't the end of he world.  It certainly isn't good but you'll recover from it.  ..I got a DUI about 4 yrs ago decided I'd try to moderate my drinking after that.  The moderation thing didn't work out so well though.  Lost my job in April because of my drinking.  It was the lowest point in my life.  I quit drinking and had to actually take a look at myself where I was what I've become and what I've done with my life (which wasn't much). I decided I couldn't live like that any longer.  ..There's always hope man
[deleted]
I could have qualified as an alcoholic way earlier than before I admitted it. I was drinking heavily with tons of repercussions when I was in my early 20's (20-21)...Take a deep breath. Have you considered AA? 
