-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lbzqu/daily_checkin_august_29_thursday/

I didn't see a daily check in today so I thought I would start one. Three part question same as yesterday:  Triumph Struggle and General Chat...Triumph: living for NOW and feeling SO HAPPY for the fortune of my loved ones.  Great things have happened for others and it so wonderful to share it with them instead of planning a binge drinking episode over the occasion-du-jour...Struggle:  Still struggling a little with employment/work/earning but I may have found a crack in that wall... so maybe more of a triumph...General Chat:  Going to make 2 meetings today my relapsing friend sent me a text late last night saying she needed to make the noon meeting so I added that to my schedule in addition to my usual Thursday night favorite meeting.  More family in town dinner with the folks... I need as much sobriety as I can get :)..Have a great 24hrs people... this day was made for you.
----------immediate responses--------

Haven't posted in one of these yet so here goes......Triumph: 9 days is the longest I have been sober in 16 years.. that's a scary thought for me...Struggle: I'm generally a person who likes to have a plan for everything (usually revolved around alcohol in some way) so taking things 1 day at a time is a hard concept for my brain to grasp but I'm working on it...General Chat: Alcoholism runs in my family... my mother is about to hit 15 years sober thanks to AA.  The fact that she is extremely proud of me knows what I'm going through and can offer a tremendous amount of support really helps motivate me to stay sober myself.
Okay here's mine:..Triumph:  I got my two-month coin at my meeting yesterday to hugs and applause.  That was lovely...Struggle:  I had a weird alcoholic voice moment today where I was giving my husband some money and wondered if there would be enough change to buy some booze.  Brain what???  Cut it out...Chat:  I should call my sponsor in a bit.  And pop some hard candy.  And do something nice for myself.
good afternoon!.triumph: i "graduated" from my therapy group last week and life is getting better.struggle: trying to find joy in menial daily tasks.general: things are better overall and my family life has never been better. i feel so much resentment for the pain i caused my wife but i am happy that i am moving forward now and she's still by my side.
Woo! Happy Thursday!..Triumph: I'm pretty much nailing it at work despite having no idea what I'm doing so that's good...Struggle: I need to get a new sponsor. I've been avoiding this for too long (I moved almost a month ago.) I'm not sure what to do about it. I've been making some small decisions that make it that much easier to go back to drinking. I know better. I need to be talking about it. I should be writing and I'm not...General chat: texas is ridicuously hot. 
Triumph: Weathered out some feelings of depression disappointment and loneliness by WORKING OUT SO HARD. I'm sore everywhere but it's awesome. I'm seeing real gains in strength endurance and physical appearance. Suck it relapse!..Struggle: There is a lot of bullshit in academia. I knew that going in but now I have to actually deal with it and all the interpersonal politics that go along with it and it's hard to not get snippy or depressed...Chat: I have been trying to find the origin of this quote that went something like "If I'm thinking of drinking I might as well be thinking of marrying my sister or sinking my life savings into a goat farm in Hungary" -- much thanks and credit to whoever said that!
Triumph: coming up on one year something that I would have thought was impossible one year ago ;)..Struggle: This is kind of a humble brag but now that I'm sober I'm having trouble staying motivated at work. My brain is at 11 and I keep thinking I can DO MORE so it makes doing menial tasks really hard. I need to focus on patience and doing my due diligence...General chat: Fishing a lot recently it's a lot of fun and is a meditative sport that I really enjoy.
Triumph: just got back from a session with my drug &amp; alcohol abuse Counsoler and she says I'm doing a really good job in my recovery!..Struggle: Living with sick crazy manic ocd mom is hard...General chat: excited for the holiday weekend might go to a local festival with some of the AA friends or just get some stuff done at home.. Or both!
First day. ..In a world of hurt. Everything is crumbling. I've got to keep going...Triumph: I got hired full time yesterday which is good because my other job moved me to part time. I can make a career out of this and it's something I want to do. It's 100% sales. Good? Yes. Hard? Damn yes. I don't know how I'm going to do it but I have to succeed...Struggle: It's the first day. I think my girlfriend of over a year and the woman I want to have a family with is going to leave me. I told her about my drinking 3 weeks ago and stopped but drank last night and told her today. She's probably gone...General chat: my mom is an alcoholic. She's a CFO of a regional company and she drinks about a half a bottle a day has done so for years. She told her friend that if she retired she'd probably just drink all day. When I told her I had a drinking problem she said I'm on my on. Fun stuff.
First day here hey everybody!..Triumph: Doing well at school work and in recovery. Coming up on a year and that's crazy to me...Struggle: Trying to find a new place to live with my boyfriend. Hard because it's a college town and most places just filled up with all the students that don't live here full-time...General: Going to a wedding this weekend and I think it's going to be great fun. Also boyfriend has been dropping hints that he's going to pop the question soon and I'm just so excited :D..Everybody keep up the good work!..Ps: OP I love the "this day was made for you." Made my night!
Hi everyone.  Hope you all had a great day! ..Triumph:  I just spent the night alone at the cottage with my best friend and #1 drinking buddy.  Drank 4L of water but not a drop of booze. She continued as normal and everything was the same I just wasn't drunk.  Huge success! ..Struggle: I will again be away from my husband this weekend.  I'm having a hard time balancing individual life and married life.  I'm trying to be the best person I can and continue to move forward but I feel that me being away is putting a strain on my marriage. ..General chat- does anyone compensate not drinking with any other drug or method to escape?  I smoke marijuana and have been smoking more since I quit drinking.  Not sure if this is ok as it doesn't change my behaviour like alcohol or if I now need to cut down on that.  .
Triumph- made it to my first group session last nightwasn't as intimidating as I thought and towards the end of the hour everybody in the group realised that we all had the same thoughts of bailing out and had similar excuses in mind. On my way to a counselling sesh with my educational institute at the moment...Struggle- Homework! Got lots of things to do above and beyond schoolwork but my head's all over the place and finding the motivation just to sit down and do it is extremely difficult...General- Beginning to struggle a bit with the reasons why I don't want to drink but have banked a few mental images of what happens when I do to refer to. Both of my houses when I lived alone filled with empty bottles themselves filled with cigarette butts; not being attentive for important moments at gigs etc the walk of shame into work etc...Got a trip to the zoo lined up for tomorrow can't wait for that. Hope to get home from my obligations this afternoon and get cracking on this h/w get it to a stage that I won't be stressing about it come Sunday.
Triumph: I had some thoughts about drinking yesterday (the first I've had since day 7 of recovery) but I got my but to a meeting instead and then went straight to another one after that. Drinking every day was my routine before so now I try to fill that time up with other activities like being with family or exercising or going to a meeting. ..Struggle: Been having some work issues lately hopefully things will get better. I will try my best and let go and let God. ..General Chat: I'm working my first graveyard right now... doing ok so far. Excited to see my SO tomorrow when I pick him up from the airport! I'm also working graveyard tomorrow and I'm going to try and go to a midnight meeting for the first time during my lunchbreak. 
