-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lioed/a_rantwarning_about_tolerance_and_moderation/

I keep meeting people who when I tell them I don't drink because I have a problem start telling me their "rules" that structure their own problem drinking and it's driving me slightly crazy. They have maximums times of day "only x type of alcohol"s and so on. The implication always seems to be "and what happened to you? Why can't you just stick to rules?" ..So I tell them about tolerance and how you start out only needing x amount of drinks to feel satisfied but gradually you need more and more to achieve the same effect and your 3 nightly budweisers has become half a litre of gin. ..Maybe "normals" can manage this diminishing-returns effect but for all you lurkers and others out there trying to set rules and moderate while worrying you're bordering on a problem I'm here to warn you: the alcohol is going to lose its effect. Your tolerance to the "good" effects will increase but your resistance to its toxicity will not...That's all. In other news: I have hung out with a great variety of groups in uncomfortable situations with alcohol and felt no temptations had a great time made new friends etc. Sobriety is going great! I wish I hadn't have relapsed but I've got it all back I think. Much thanks to y'all!
----------immediate responses--------

I simply say that abstaining completely is much more enjoyable than drinking moderately...Any implication of the accusation "why can't you just stick to rules" seems to be predicated on some belief that one is supposed to drink or that by not drinking one is somehow not behaving in a proper manner.  I totally reject any such premise.  ..Or to be flippant you could say "I do stick to the rules my rules are that I don't drink."  And that rules!..It's good to hear you are temptation free!  Keep on truckin'!. 
When I hear the same "rules" or "guides" from folks about drinking honestly it just reminds me of the same damn head-games I play on myself. At this point all I can respond with is a nod and a "good for you" and hope it works for them but I know it doesn't work for me.
I just say I don't want to have to do the math. ..Good going on staying the course friend.
I spent a lot of time counting drinks modifying my habits watching the clock matching drinks with a person whose drinking seemed in control etc. all in an attempt to drink like normal. All that effort served only to prove that *my* normal was to abuse alcohol and that absent careful attention on my part that's what I was going to do. Like the saying goes if you have to control your drinking then your drinking is out of control.
I did this "I don't drink because....":-thing alot when I was newly sober.  Now I don't do it all unless a waitress at a restaurant insists on repeatedly shoving a wine glass in front of me.  I don't really find it necessary to explain and frankly NO ONE CARES unless you were scaring the hell out of them when you did drink--in which case they are relieved.  I suspect that I was doing the "I don't drink because..."-thing in a sly effort to draw attention to myself.  
One of the problems with drinkers especially actively drinking alcoholics is that they form a really solid pro-drinking support group.  Every guy that lives on a bar stool will try to convert you to their religion of rationalizations and excuses and their bullshit is usually close enough in nature to yours that it will be compelling.  Turn your back on them you can't help them and they can't help you.
How are you getting into these conversations? Don't bother with the problem bit just say you don't drink. Like others have said nobody cares...In my young and dumber days I challenged someone on why he didn't drink prodding. He didn't really argue with me he just said he was wild and crazy and wanted to put that behind him. There's not much to talk about if someone decided they wanted to change their life. This business of talking of tolerance alcoholism in terms of 'you start out. . .' might make people defensive too...So yea... short and sweet. And if anyone prods further just deflect it that is more a reflection on them.
