-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lm4xj/two_week_followupobservationsquestions/

Hi everyone!..I'm sorry for the long post but these last few days have been lovely...I've been sober for a little over two weeks now and I've noticed so much improvement these last few days! Most of my discoveries have been so awesome. I have no regrets. Observations (and some more questions for y'all) below:..* I now wake up early on the weekends and do so much more than I used to. Over the Labor Day weekend I: went on a day trip to a modern art museum did early morning laundry enjoyed Columbian pastries on the benches in front of my local post office purchased new bed sheets replaced the light bulbs on my reading lamp went to a party saw a movie and donated a bunch of DVDs and books to a local non-profit. I also started writing in a journal app on a daily basis. I am exhausted but I continue to be shocked by how much I do now that I am not brutally hungover on Saturdays and Sundays...* I struggled a little bit with cravings at a friend's bar birthday on Thursday but I was able to control myself and I didn't drink. I didn't have much fun though so I will probably be avoiding bars for the time being. I did however go to a friend's house party last night and had a lot of fun. I drank cranberry juice/club soda drinks and played DJ which gave me something to do. Talking with my friends was still fun even if they were drinking and I wasn't. I really wanted to dry some sort of salty herbal beer thing they were drinking and I felt sad that I couldn't try it but it was more because I love trying new kinds of food/drink as opposed to craving the alcohol. Life will go on!..* I still find that I'm extremely tired all the time though I'm hoping these new bed things will help with that. Does this go away as time goes on?..* The main thing I have been struggling with lately is self-identification. I have been reading a lot of threads on here about what behaviors "qualify" you as an alcoholic. Obviously there is much debate here! Considering that I was definitely not a "just one or two" drink kind of person and that I regularly ended up drinking much more than I intended to (but not to the point of illness/blacking out/legal problems) despite not drinking daily I am inclined to label myself as an alcoholic. Also because I was largely drinking to deal with anxiety and depression (obviously this did not help!). I'm somewhat perplexed and confused. I know that ID'ing as one thing or another isn't really all that important but for peace of mind I think it would help me. Has anyone else dealt with this? ..I'm hoping to be more active on this subreddit soon! I have been doing so much that I find myself being drawn away from the computer a lot these last few weeks. As much as I enjoy the internet/Reddit it's nice to be out and about...This subreddit has been an eye opening adventure for me so far. I am so glad that it exists :).......
----------immediate responses--------

You do not need to have consequences to have a problem with alcohol...For me being an alcoholic means that once I start I cannot stop and I cannot stop starting. It also means that I relied on alcohol to deal with life things that most people deal with in healthier ways. Drinking to combat anxiety and depression is not positive coping behaviour.
Good job on the two weeks!  I also am still confused about the "alcoholic" thong but I do know:1. I want to Not Drink and 2. I cannot trust my own thoughts about alcohol.  So that's enough for me.  Yay for getting things done on the weekend btw!
I might not be an alcoholic but I treat myself like one and that works very well for me. Drinking was a mechanism for me to deal with stress both real and imagined. Now that I've stopped drinking and started dealing with said stress I can deal with stress better (i.e. actually do something about what's bothering me) and I feel much less like I 'need' to drink. That new behaviour is starting to feel natural even!..As for sleeping: give it time! Listen to your body it will 'tell' you when it's time to go to bed and when it has rested enough. Early on I couldn't sleep for more than 5 hours 5 and a half max but it's slowly creeping back to seven hours a night (and I don't need that much sleep anymore now that there's no alcohol to get rid of). Take a nap if you feel you need it...It seems to me that things are going pretty well for you; keep it up!
Regarding the lack of problems associated with your drinking... A friend reminded me that if you're trying to moderate and can't and if you're reading (let alone posting) on a forum such as this you should consider yourself lucky and rephrase your assertion... You do not have blackout/legal/personal problems caused by alcohol *YET*. Consider yourself prudent and lucky. Alcoholism is progressive. You don't just wake up one day in a gutter somewhere.
