-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1loe5m/almost_40_days_and_still_unable_to_control_any/

Hi stopdrinking. ..Here's the story I quit drinking almost 40 days ago (the longest I've been able to in years). It's going ok I had cravings the first week but not anymore. I'm not afraid of relapsing but I'm having very dark thoughts. I'm extremely emotional and extremely anxious about the littlest things it's obviously a serious problem I have and not only a consequence of withdrawal...What can I do? I can't seem to get a grip on things and be healthy like most of you. Some days I can hardly eat anything...I'm seeing a therapist and a doctor once a month but I feel hopeless like a total wreck. I think I'd need to amputate something in my brain but I can't simply do that...Tl;dr. It's not getting any better. Has anyone gone through this who can give advice?..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to the anxiety. The anxiety is terrible. Is there an event in your life that might be causing the anxiety rather than it being a consequence of drinking?
This is a completely normal thing it's called [post acute withdrawal syndrome](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-acute-withdrawal_syndrome) and it does get better.  I can say for about the first month maybe a month and a half I had a lot of different emotions.  And it is very difficult learning how to deal with these things without alcohol as a crutch.  I'm sure everyone is different and you may have issues slightly longer than myself and maybe shorter than others  But it is worth it!  If you've made it 40 days so far that is fantastic just don't give in you can do it!..*Edit: I don't mean to diagnose you or any others.  I simply mean to provide some information that may help.  I have a feeling it just came out wrong.
Don't worry too much cottontige. The first three months were really hard for me. ..I couldnt eat much was full of anxiety and completely unable to relax. .I wasn't emotional at all because I couldn't tell what I was feeling but I sure was scared and angry all the time. My head was racing and often I felt panic when I was around other people to the point where I felt I were to puke any moment...I still have days that can feel like this but most of the time I feel **a lot** better. Things first started to pick up after about three months. ....I did go to a lot of meetings (AA/NA) got a sponsor and called other people who stopped drinking and spent time with them. .I don't think I would feel better now had I not done this and tried to change my behavior. .It's worth it but it takes patience.. I can't tell you whether it's going to get better on its own probably not. Action is key.... Good luck in finding a way to get along with yourself I know it's not easy.
Hey I'm sorry you're going through this. Anxiety is an issue for me too.  Here is what has helped me: TONS of exercise.  Meditation and mindfulness (I started with Jack Kornfield's stuff...it's kinda Buddhist though if you're ok with that).  Cognitive behavioral therapy as described in the book Feeling Good by (??? Burns I think).  Journaling.  Just writing down my feelings and getting it onto paper.  More exercise including yoga.  Good luck!
I feel like a broken record but I advise trying out some hard heavy exercise if you're physically able. Like sprints distance running/biking/swimming high-weight low-volume weightlifting high intensity interval training. Stuff like this keeps my mood in the right place my sleep deep and my cravings at a minimum. It will probably be unpleasant at first but think of it as medicine. The same with eating nutritious food: I went through a period before I found the right antidepressant where it was hard for me to eat but I found that thinking of food as medicine helped at least a little. Gradually my depression got better and I could do this stuff more easily. It gets better...
I find a lot of my emotional responses are triggered by thoughts formed from the learned helplessness of past trauma. Progress was made for me when I started to understand what thinking was driving the emotion and then what had informed that thinking to begin with. ..Once I accepted by traumatic experiences and their impact on my thinking and emotions I was able to begin the process of rebuilding. With insight into my thinking and how to change it I have slowly changed my emotions and my need to self-medicate was greatly reduced. ..
YOU'RE SOBER!!!..Congrats.  ..Yes I went through the same thing.  It's very uncomfortable.  It gets better.  Find someone to talk to - vent...Write a gratitude list - things that you are grateful to either have in your life or glad that they are out of your life.  It helps put some perspective on things.
Personally I would seek the help of antidepressants.  It's highly like that you are clinically depressed and/or have a generalized anxiety disorder.  Please seek medical attention and consult your physician.  You should be able to get help with this situation.
edit....whoops meant to reply to your query below.  Stupid phone and myack to tech savvy!!   ..I am no authority on the matter and I am also kind of a loner when it comes to this sort of stuff.  The buddhism and mindfulness I've done on my own.  There are tons of online dharma talks you can find.  I like the strand of western Buddhism connected to Jack Kornfield Sharon Salzberg and others like them.  Spiritual but not....culty or paranormal or whatnot.  For cognitive behavioral therapy I have been to a counselor but I found it really depended on the fit between me and the counselor.  I had one I loved then when I loved I had one I didn't like so much.  Hence the book Feeling Good by Burns.  Plus literally a ton of exercise.  Hope that helps point you in the right direction. If you have trouble locating resources reply here or message me and I'll send along some links (next time I'm in my computer instead of my phone).
