-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lu28d/first_evening_of_outpatient_group_therapy/

Hi everyone today was my first day of outpatient group therapy. I'm waiting for a private alcohol counselor also. I cried all the way there and threw up once I got home...and went for a walk then threw up again. I feel so disgusted with myself the lying and emotional abuse I've put my family friends and bf through. He's a non-alcoholic and has been furious with me for using our money for a relapse into booze last week has broken up with me many times in the past few months so he was drinking beer before i left and is still drinking right now. I feel depressed. Had to drop out of law school jobless but searching hearing him call me an asshole drunk (rightly so) just a few hours ago. I feel lost and hopeless. But I'm still sober somehow today. Tell me it gets better someone.
----------immediate responses--------

It gets so much better pinky-swear--you have to just keep doing what you're doing. Be proud of yourself for getting help it's the only way to get where you want to go. Think of it this way you just got in the car and now there's going to be some driving. BUT YOU'RE IN THE CAR!..I'm so sorry you're having a bad time--have a hug. (( ))
Based on what you're writing it's definitely going to get better and not because it couldn't get any worse (it can always get worse). In my experience your powerful reaction is actually a positive sign. ..For me it was only when I was about to undertake my umpteenth rehab that I reacted this way. I slowly progressed from "meh" (first rehab) to "OMG--I don't want to die!" (last rehab). ..I got behind with life too but once I had my sobriety and my bearing I marched and Marched and MARCHED forward one day at a time. I more than made up for lost time. So will you if you give this everything you've got. ..You can do this!
You're actually doing great. Think about it: you're feeling your emotions you are asking for help and getting help you're engaging fully in recovery...I can really relate to everything you're saying. I put my family and ex boyfriend through hell. I had so much guilt and shame to deal with when I get sober I cried a lot. Outpatient group therapy was an amazing experience...Do you have a safe place to go if your boyfriend continues this behaviour?
