-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lvqln/losing_it/

so i am newish here...only five days in from my last relapse on sunday. my bf has put up with me dropping out of law school and being unemployed since may because i was too messed up emotionally to bother to find a job and wanted to drink all day all the time. i tried quitting over and over and i didn't. sunday he went to work and i went to a neighbors house who were drinking. i got drunk. went and used our money to get myself more beer to drink alone at home got drunker. he came home and blew up. slept on the couch since then and hasnt said a word to me. texts me today and says hes fucking fed up with this 'farce of a relationship' and im either incapable or unwilling to change. i went to my first outpatient alcohol treatment counseling session yesterday and have an appt. next week with a private addiction counselor also. and an interview on tuesday for a job...my fuckup on sunday kind of kicked me into treatment and now i feel like that im now getting help hes just close to kicking me to the curb. he said he doesnt believe me anymore and is going out tonight so 'he can have fun for at least half a day'. i know i made my own bed and i have to lie in it but im about to fucking lose it. im crying and i feel like ive lost everything in life and it will never get any better. i feel like i messed up my entire life and i cant fix any of it. hopeless. i feel so fucking stupid. i graduated first in my college class and got into law school but im too fucking stupid to put the bottle down and keep my job school and boyfriend. worthless.
----------immediate responses--------

Life's rough sometimes but there is a way through this. You know what you've gotta do and that's half the battle. Things will get better.
Alcoholism has you tied in knots. Put one foot in front of the other. I don't know if you're still drinking. Perhaps you will need medical help with detox if you've been drinking heavily every day. In that case see a doctor. ..AA was my safety net. Go to a meeting. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. You need to stop drinking before anything good can happen in your life. Focus on yourself. The relationship will be there if it's meant to be. ..If you can't do it then maybe inpatient treatment is the best option. Be honest with your counselor. ..Take it one day at a time. I'm sending healing energy your way.
[Try going to a meeting and talking about it](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_resources_and_groups).  I would check one out as soon as possible.  i don't know where you are but you should be able to find one near where you live.  It doesn't matter which you type you go to.  Good Luck.
It sucks to feel worthless.  I'm sorry...And it sounds like cleaning up your act and getting sober is the right thing to do.  Sadly it may be too little too late.  But the right thing to do is to push forward and start fixing yourself.  One side affect *MAY* be that it's enough to keep you in this relationship.  *MAY*.  But it's important to focus on yourself and dealing with stopping drinking...Good luck.
All he and you want is change so take another step toward the change you're already making. It's going to take a while for mind &amp; body to normalize. The mind will play all kinds of tricks and make seemingly convincing arguments to cave in. Don't listen to any of that. ..I found that me and alcohol were like magnets. We naturally want to stick together. So on good advice I jammed all kinds of things in between me and the alcohol to keep us apart. Things like treatment counseling meetings recovery work fellowship and service. The more things I put in between me and the booze the less magnetic attraction I felt. 
