-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lxch6/day_10_things_are_looking_up/

Today is my 10th day sober. Ten days ago I started drinking at 3PM and didn't stop until around 3AM. I used to always tell myself that I could drink in moderation but the truth is that I can't ever just have one or two drinks. I always have to get drunk and spend the night drinking. I didn't have to drink everyday but as soon as I started there was no ending it. I told myself that I've stopped before and I can stop again. The truth is that I've never stopped or any significant amount of time and when I did I was just looking forward to when I could start drinking again. ..Ten days ago in my drunken wisdom I decided that no one was rooting for me especially my girlfriend and I lashed out at her and ended up ending our relationship...I don't know why but the next day she texted me and asked if I wanted to talk sober. I called into work and rushed to go meet her and we talked about how my drinking has affected our relationship (spoiler alert: it's been ruining it). ..I decided to stop. And then I found r/stopdrinking...I started seeing a counselor and I'm very optimistic about staying sober. My girlfriend decided to stay and support me...I think back to when I started drinking when I was 18 and the affect that booze has had on my life. All of a sudden I'm 26 but I don't really know who I am. I've identified with being someone who drinks. I'm lucky to have a job and people who care about me. And I'm looking forward to rediscovering things I love doing. ..I've read a book in the last 10 days. I started learning web development. I started enjoying conversations. I'm looking forward to the next 10 days sober...I've been lurking for the past 10 days and I wanted to express how much reading everyone's stories and struggles has helped with my struggle/journey to stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I've read a book in the last 10 days. I started learning web development. I started enjoying conversations. I'm looking forward to the next 10 days sober...This is pretty fast. Just take your time and remember your #1 priority is to *NOT DRINK.* :) Focus on that before beginning anything else... Just saying. It's real easy to get overwhelmed with all kinds of new things hobbies and schedules at once. I hope you apply for a badge - and stick around!
Sounds like you made a good choice and that your girlfriend really cares about you. That kind of support and patience is really helpful at least it was for me. Don't squander it. ..Good luck. Congrats on 10 days. 
Nice job.  Having a supportive partner is so wonderful.  Keep it up.
Just a gentle reminder your GF sounds very special and important and she deserves all the credit in the world for supporting you... BUT... and a big but... you must quit FOR YOU... it has to be you quitting for you to prevent you from forming resentments... it is insidious the way it can sneak up but when staying sober gets hard I mean really hard you do not want to have her as a target for forcing you to quit. You have to do it for yourself (but not necessarily by yourself). ..Good luck and give that GF some extra hugs for her support!
The only thing I can offer at this point being very new myself to the sober life is that help is available lots of it so use it. All you need to do is show up. Don't be scared. I took my first step into a meeting after trying to do it alone for three weeks knowing that at this moment this was the hardest thing I had done. An hour later I was so overwhelmed with the number of complete strangers going through the same thing who are willing to take time out of their lives to help those just starting. I'm talking about people with 10 20 even 30+ years of sobriety. Good luck and keep it up. 
This is exactly my story from last night. Thankyou for inspiring me as I complete day one.
Felt like I was reading something I wrote there for a minute.. same age and same day. It's amazing how quickly things can turn around form those 12-hour drinking cycles to being sober just over a week. 
