-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m0mxi/struggling_with_facing_my_future_tonight_would/

Hi stopdrinking. I am having pretty bad cravings tonight and I am acknowledging 3 weeks of sobriety today. I got very upset tonight when thinking about my future and being a sober person. Right now things have generally started improving in my life. I feel like things are getting better and the Universe is sending a lot of good beautiful things to me that I would not get if I was still drinking....So..... why am I so overwhelmed by this life choice? Why if alcohol was truly something so bad in my life (and it was!) am I struggling so much with my decision to quit? I'm thinking what kind of man would want to be with a boring sober girl? I know it sounds incredibly insensitive and I'm sure there are plenty of amazing men on here for example but try to understand where I'm coming from-- I have never dated anyone who is not a drinker and my whole life people who don't drink are "weird". I find myself on the other side of the spectrum where I'm not drinking and I feel weird and abnormal compared to "everybody else"......I was thinking about getting married one day and not having a glass of champagne at my wedding. A big deal in the grand scheme of things? No. The wedding is about the person you're going to marry. But I am sitting here obsessing and being depressed that I will not be able to have a glass of champagne and it's more about what that symbolizes to me-- it is a normal life thing a champagne toast that I cannot (and should not) do. .....I feel crazy. I look at my drunk log of all of my drunken disasters and things I'm embarrassed of and know I shouldn't drink. I am just having this huge compulsion tonight to do so and hating that I will never have another beer for the rest of my life....Why is this so hard? Why am I hurting so bad when life is only sending me confirmation that sobriety is a better lifestyle for me?.....(and I just want to say I am grateful for this subreddit and for your stories. Thank you all. I am so grateful for you and grateful to not feel alone.)
----------immediate responses--------

As Winston Churchill once said "If you are going through Hell keep going." you need to do the same. Maybe the reason you have not found a cool non-drinker or someone who respects you for not drinking is because you have only recently started a sober lifestyle. I may be new to this too but I have to believe in you if I am to make it. Life is not easy all the time but you know what path is right and which is wrong. Take a chance and don't be afraid to be scared. just take every day one at a time and realize that thing will get better as all days do after the storm passes.
You probably know this but the old champagne toast at my wedding canard is just another way that your devious alcoholic brain is fucking with you whining that's it's not fair. It'll say the same thing about your birthday and Christmas and also a random Tuesday that seems like a nice day for a margarita. I let this kind of thinking stop me from stopping drinking for YEARS--because if I've decided to have a toast at my wedding well I can quit after that. No matter that I have no intention or prospect of getting married after that imaginary date far off in the maybe but not guaranteed future I'll quit...you see? It's a scam. Don't fall for it! ..I've thought all these things and more and let them dictate and decimate years of my life. Don't be me! Be smarter! (Oh and my bf doesn't drink and he's pretty cool anyway.)..(:
I haven't been involved since going to rehab a year ago its frightening to think I'm going to find a girl in my demographic who doesn't drink but if you're out there then she is too! And on days like these that's all the motivation I need. The wedding will come in time but that's a problem for another day think of all the positive things sobriety is doing in your life! Continue to be rational stay hard and keep jamming...(Your post really hit home with me and I edited this a few times I hope it makes sense).
That's the feeling of alcohol withdrawal an empty insecure feeling. I had a similar feeling when giving up smoking. It gets better I promise. I was getting those urges I still do in fact but they are far easier to manage. It improved after about 4 weeks. I got married last year to a non drinker she hasn't drunk anything for years she didn't really drink at all before that really. She didn't have a glass of champagne I think she just had water or orange juice all night! Actually I was still a drinker when I got married but I barely got a chance to even drink! So you really won't be missing out on anything. Right now you're having scarey thoughts of NEVER EVER having a beer ever again and you're struggling to comes to terms with it.... that is the alcohol talking just as it was with nicotine and me I had the same thought process. It's alcohol causing it so the longer you go without the easier it becomes! Stay strong and keep posting your updates!
I dunno I have this crazy fantasy that one day I'll meet a 'boring' sober girl and we'll do boring sober things together and at some point we'll realise that our boring relationship is built on true knowledge of each other. I've only had one relationship that didn't come about through drinking together; I broke up wih her because I started taking drugs and drinking heavily... She deserved better. ..The only girl I've met in the last year who I've been interested in is a non-drinker by choice. At the time I was in full-scale drunkard mode so I knew it wasn't worth pursuing but yeah- I hold out hope that as I become more adept at this whole living thing I'll meet someone who I identify with... And it'll all be genuine...Rambling post it was much more cohesive in my mind but hopefully you get the gist and hopefully you managed to deal with those damned cravings.
This might be the kind of situation in which to remind oneself of the "one day at a time" cliche.  Cliches are often trite but true.  Also would Drinking You necessarily put out the kind of energy that would attract the kind of person you would want in a long term relationship....?  When my brain starts yammering about "Awwww poor me I can never drink again?!?!" I try to remember that it's probably just the addiction talking.  Tricksy tricksy brain.
&gt;Why if alcohol was truly something so bad in my life (and it was!) am I struggling so much with my decision to quit? ..Alcohol has a powerful insane hold on some people. That's why we struggle we quit.
Anxiety only comes when we think about the future or the past. Unfortunately we can change neither just the present. When I feel anxious I try to focus in on the moment the present. Be that "_This coffee is hot_" or "_the wind feels nice_"...I used to think that everyone cared about whether I drank or not. They don't care. Turns out I'm the only one thinking alcohol is a big deal.....because I'm an alcoholic. I got married sober I went to New Years Eve parties I went to birthday parties I went on a honeymoon I went to Christmas. Not once did anyone ask what was in my cup....they didn't fucking care. AND It still was fucking amazing. ..Let my assure you.  Marrying My husband the love of my life my soul mate the person who challenges me completes me and enhances me. That was the greatest moment of my life. I cried in joy I laughed. I have pictures everywhere in the house. THAT IS NORMAL. But then I reflect on my love life BEFORE I got sober. I was physically and verbally abusive. I cheated regularly I stayed out and no one knew where I was I was threatened with guns and knives. I blacked out and didn't even remember some important moments in my life...Boy oh boy do I regret no having champagne at my wedding? Do I regret not having a "normal life"? Fuck no. It wasn't normal when I drank what makes me think drinking is the key to normalcy? How fucked up and unnormal is that? Normal is being proud of my behavior. Remembering my wedding. Making my family proud. Even being organized enough to plan a wedding. Not fucking the best man. Not blacking out. Not hitting my husband. ..Don't be sad for me. THis is an awesome and totally NORMAL life. It was drinking and using drugs that was totally not normal..
My wife passed the bar exam last Friday.  We attended a celebratory dinner complete with champagne toasts.  I raised a glass of water.  ..I told nobody that I wasn't drinking and nobody questioned what I was doing or why I was doing it.  ..Frankly its none of their business but in the end I realized that its only a big deal if you make it a big deal.  Raise your water enjoy the event live your life and understand that the person wanting you to drink at your wedding is the person with the problem.   .. 
The right guy is not going to care whether or not you drink.  I play in a band that plays many weddings every year.  I've played at plenty where the bride and groom toasted with sparkling grape juice or whatever.  It's perfectly ok.  Others have said it better here.  It's your brain tricking you into thinking alcohol is important.  
I see where you're coming from.  I had many thoughts like that before.  I spent a lot of time early in sobriety trying to change how I thought about alcohol.  Reading the Allen Carr book (in the sidebar) helped me a lot to think of alcohol as a poison.  It helped me realize that drinking does **nothing** positive for me...Since then though (I read the book about 8 months ago) I've started to see alcohol as just some other beverage.  One that I don't like.  One that I don't drink.  I can't remember the last time I've gotten Iced Tea.  Not sure... It just does nothing for me.  I'd rather just have water...I've gone out to lunch many many times with people where I'm the ONLY ONE at the table who didn't order Iced Tea.  And not one time did I feel like an outcast.  No one has ever mentioned it...I did have champagne at my wedding 16 years ago.  And looking back it would have made zero difference if I had apple juice instead.  It would not have changed how beautiful my wife looked.  It would not have changed how much of a douche our DJ was.  But it would have changed how I was too drunk and did pass out before ... you know ... sealing the deal.  That is one thing I'll never forget...So look.  As coffeebean75 says toast water or sparkling cider.  It's not the liquid in the glass that adds meaning to the toast.  It's the people and the love...And if you meet some guy that doesn't want to date you because you don't drink that person probably has a problem and wouldn't be good for your sobriety anyway...After getting over the shock (I was *THE* drinker of the group) none of my friends give a shit that I don't drink.  I'm still the same fun guy I've always been and now I don't start taking it too far like I used to...But I think it's worth being patient.  It keeps getting better for me.  And it keeps getting easier.
As someone who spent 6 years not drinking I found a big difference between simply not drinking and being a sober person. When I was not drinking my relationship with alcohol was that I didn't have it. It was missing. I eventually resumed drinking by choice and it took me another 4 years to start to get sober. ..I've concentrated my effort in the last two years on becoming a sober person. For me that's a state of being. It's a positive stance. Someone I like. Not someone who is missing out or being deprived. To get to sobriety I had to stop drinking but I also had to work on becoming sober and do the self-reflection and other work that this required of me. ..If this makes sense to you maybe it can provide some context of where you are now and what the long game might be for you. ..It is hard but it can lead to something really good positive and fulfilling. Hang in there!
