-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m3y3g/day_one_where_to_start/

I'm new here. I've read a few random posts but have not really followed anything here. My wife subscribes to this sub which is how I even learned of its existence. I guess I'm new to anything related to group help of alcohol control... so.. about me...A few years ago I developed a heavy drinking problem. I got things under "control" but I still struggle with wanting to drink. Fast forward to my life now. I crave alcohol daily. I've tried making agreements with my wife to only drink 3 beers twice a week or similar arrangements. Doesn't work. I'll end up having more. I don't get blackout drunk it doesn't affect my work or life but I guess that's not the point. I crave it and have difficulty controlling it once I start. ..I want to be like my wife. She doesn't crave alcohol. She can enjoy it on occasion and has a good respect for it. Every once in a while she can have a few hard drinks and "have fun" and that be the end of it. Can I ever be like her? Do I need to stop drinking entirely? I know I need help. First time I've ever admitted that. ..I guess here's to day one...
----------immediate responses--------

Gotta give it up completely.  "Cutting back" never works.  Look for a local AA meeting and go to it.  Just listen.
Firstly congrats on admitting you're having difficulty in controlling your drinking. You can now start the ball rolling. Look up the likes of AA SMART or read Allen Carr's book (link is on the right). You can do this you'll feel 10000x times better post tomorrow to let us know how you're doing give us updates
Sorry I don't think you'll ever be able to drink like your wife. It doesn't sound like she's an alcoholic. A support group helped me stay sober. Maybe it would help you too.
Alcohol at the end of my drinking "career" was no longer about drinking 3 beers or 33 beers.  It was not about the amount the place the people--it was about how it controlled my every waking moment.  I organized my life around drinking and that meant I was unreliable dishonest I pushed responsibility and friends away. When I wasn't drinking getting over drinking dealing with the consequences and lying about drinking I was thinking about when can I next drink the way I want to drink which truly--in the end--into a stupor.  In short my alcoholism was not about my physical consumption of alcohol it was about the mental obsession that manifested in insane and uncontrolled drinking.  My only way out was to admit my powerlessness over alcohol and begin to recover.  I got help and I continue to recover with AA meetings and by one day at a time not picking up the next drink.  
