-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m4cir/question_about_the_feeling/

Hey..I was just wondering if drinking alone generates a good feeling. I genuinely hate the feeling of drinking alone but I do enjoy going out for drinks socially. I do struggle with other things though... yesterday (and today to be honest) I've spent at least 3 hours (not cumulative) masturbating and I binge ate yesterday and today and then made myself puke several times...Writing this makes me feel sad... but I really am curious about the feeling because I really do not enjoy anything about drinking alone. I generally drink fast enough to skip the 'euphoric' phase and get to depressed mode...As an FYI yes I know regardless (if I'm addicted or not) it's a very serious issue and w.r.t. the other stuff I have made an appointment with a psychologist. But I am still curious if for most people it's always a good feeling or just feels like crap.
----------immediate responses--------

Is this a serious post?
[deleted]
In the end when I drank alcoholically I drank to feel normal not good not euphoric...normal.  And guess what in the end it didn't work and I couldn't predict with any precision where I would end up.  Pure misery followed by worse consequences. 
I can relate to your post and I'm an addict...When something feels good and affects my brain in that "addict" fashion I'll do it to excess even if it's injurious.  If I don't like how something makes me feel I won't continue to do it.  I too never bothered to slowly bring on a buzz.  I wanted that euphoria as soon as possible which sometimes led to too much right off the bat...Toward the end of my run of active drug addiction and alcoholism the drinking and drugging didn't make me feel good anymore and only sometimes made me feel less awful then I did without it...The psychologist is a good start.  If you're willing check on local NA meetings.  NA is really about addiction in general not just narcotics.  There's also 12-step programs relating to each of the vices you mentioned individually too...I'd encourage you to continue to take appropriate actions to learn about yourself so you can honestly and truthfully identify what's going on before during and after your actions while understanding how what you're feeling and your thought processes play a part.
