-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m9m74/im_new_and_this_is_why_im_here/

I am not sure if anyone will end up reading through this but I thought I'd put together a brief introduction since I am new to this community and would like to get the most out of it as it may be the only resource I use in my quest to stop drinking...I am a female in my late 20's and I've been drinking since I got out of high school. I was never really into alcohol during high school when all of my friends started partying. I got really good grades and smoked pot. However soon after graduation I acquired the taste for beer and drank heavily with my friends on weekends like most people my age. Back then heavily was 4 or 5 beers. I've always held a steady full-time job even while going to college to get my Bachelor's degree. ..I never thought of my drinking as a problem because I was able to hold a job and get an education. My drinking increased in the college atmosphere and on top of that I was bartending at a local bar. It was a small hole-in-the-wall bar so I often drank for free when I wasn't working and stayed late after closing with the other bartenders and some of our friends. I went to parties and got blackout drunk or at least puking drunk every weekend and sometimes during the week. ..Fast-forward almost 5 years out of college and I am drinking more than I ever have. I drink every single day. I struggle with accepting that I have a problem because I don't start drinking when I wake up and I don't drink at work so I feel like I really am not doing that bad. However as soon as I get home from work the smell of my kitchen/house just triggers my craving for a beer. It's like now I'm home I can finally relax and for me to do that I automatically crave beer. I'll drink and sit on the couch until I am ready to go to bed and pass out. If I'm already tired I'll only have about 4 beers before bed. But if I'm not I'll drink upwards of 8 or 9 if I can before passing out. Then I'll feel like shit at work the next day. On weekends I drink all day from about 11am/noon-ish until I pass out around 1 or 2am. I get wasted and run my mouth and slur my words and throw up and wake up feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt and embarrassment (and not to mention a hangover). As I've gotten older my hangovers are increasingly painful and all I want to do is lay on the couch. I waste my entire Sundays being hungover on the couch. I don't clean my house or cook dinners because I am too lazy. My boyfriend does all of that in addition to working a labor-intensive job. This makes me feel like an unworthy piece of shit...I've gained what is a considerable amount of weight for me   a little over 20 pounds   in the past few years of heavy heavy drinking. I always feel like shit and I never have the energy to do anything. Seriously. I have a desk job and I get home from it feeling EXHAUSTED. All I want is to drink and drink and drink after work. And eat unhealthy food. I don't really go out to bars anymore but I do like to go to friend's houses and drink on weekends. I've struggled with depression for over a decade and come close to suicide twice both while drunk. One time I tried to cut my wrists but my brother heard me crying and came in my room and stopped me. The other time I took a bunch of prescription pills with vodka but I was so wasted I threw them up all over my bed before I guess they had time to do anything.  I've ruined relationships with great guys and put myself in situations that I am ashamed of. I stopped trying the last half of college so I didn't get as much from my education that I'm now going to be paying off forever. I've made myself feel pretty worthless because I can't control myself when I drink and I make stupid decisions. ..I've come to the conclusion that I enjoy being sad a lot of the time it seems really just because if I'm already sad at least I don't have to worry about it getting much worse. When I'm happy I always have a terrible feeling that something bad is going to happen...The point is I'm sick and tired of feeling like death all of the time. I'm sick of being overweight and regretting acting like a fool when I'm shitfaced. I want to live a more meaningful healthy life that doesn't revolve around alcohol. Saturday night I drank about twelve beers and woke up feeling terrible and embarrassed about my actions the night before. Something clicked and for the first time in almost a decade I'm actively trying NOT to drink. I've never done this before so I'm not sure what to expect. It's only been three full days (four by the end of today) but I'm already feeling different. Not really in a good way. I feel like my blood is boiling and I can't cool down. I also am having very vivid nightmares and had my first lucid dream last night. I woke up today feeling hungover and I don't know why. I don't know if this is from lack of alcohol. I'm hoping all of this subsides and I will start feeling better soon. I'm also dizzy and have a headache which is a familiar feeling I get when I don't drink often enough so I'm sure that is caused by not drinking at the moment...I am apprehensive about coming out about my problem because I know there are people who can drink a lot more than me and hard liquor at that. I don't drink at work (though I do spend a lot of time throwing up in the bathroom and laying down on the wooden bench in the private shower room because my head is often pounding). I have a pretty good job now. I have a great relationship with my current boyfriend who drinks but not really during the week and he knows when to stop on the weekends. I don't know when to stop ever and I can't stop once I start. I think a lot of my friends coworkers and family wouldn't really take it seriously if I told them I think I have a drinking problem. I don't think my boyfriend takes it very seriously but he supports me when I say I'm going to stop. I want to get married and have kids and go on adventures and I don't think that can happen while I am drowning myself in Rolling Rock. ..I wish I could be a  social  drinker and only have a few but I know that I can't. Maybe someday but not today. I'm sorry if this is really long and all over the place I've never really put into words my struggles with alcohol. I'm not sure if I am getting across clearly what my life is like but I hope that this subreddit will help me feel less alone. This turned out a lot longer than I intended. I don't think AA is for me after checking out the website for the one in my state. I'd like to try this on my own for a bit and see if that works. One of my first goals is to lose a bit of weight. I am hoping this will happen with a combination of eliminating the thousands of empty calories from my diet each week by not drinking as well as feeling more energized to go to the gym since I won't be hungover every morning...Well I hope to remain active on this board and hopefully reach my initial goal of not drinking for the rest of 2013. I plan to read all of your posts and find inspiration in both the long term and short term successes. And I hope that anyone who is reading this who is also struggling will find within themselves whatever it takes to move forward to a happier healthier life..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in around 40 and your description sounds a lot like the way I started drinking. I've had cycles of heavly drinking followed by periods of abstaining and the commensurate weight gain/loss. It wasn't until I started keeping a spreadsheet of how much I drank every day my weight whether and what kind of exercise I did that I noticed that the cycles were getting continually worse. I suggest that you explore AA and other treatment options. At the very least you'll wind up learning a lot about addiction and more importanly yourself. This is a great first step - acknowledgement. Focus keep your eye on the ball and you can get a handle on this thing and control it not the other way around. Final tip: I suggest that if you're leaving drinking behind that you find something to replace it and I heartily recommend exercise. You don't have to be an olympic level athlete to reap the benefits of daily exercise - even just walking a few miles a day can make a tremendous difference. Best wishess!..
Welcome and keep it up...Feeling like shit the first week is normal it should start getting better soon. If you're feeling a bit weak or light headed remember to eat. All those empty calories you used to drink are still calories...You don't have to defend your decision to quit drinking if you feel you have a problem you're definitely doing the right thing by quitting. And quitting without AA is also fine it's not for everyone so whatever works for you is fine...Good luck.
I'm by no means an expert in sobriety but I wish you luck. Don't be afraid of AA either. It sounds a lot more intimidating than it actually is. ..On another note I totally understand the sentiment about friends and family not taking you seriously when you tell them you have a drinking problem. I think a lot of people in recovery have spent so much time around people aware of what alcoholism looks like that they forget that the average person's idea of alcohilism is pretty extreme. If they're your friends or family they'll also make excuses for you subconsciously...The point is if you simply explain that it is no longer a positive aspect of your life and so you choose to forego it it helps eliminate the awkward questions and conversations. At least it has for me... so far. 
I read your whole post and came here to say welcome :)  I'm a similar age and have the same drinking history as you.  I've had quite a few false starts cannot be a social drinker or regulate and am also trying this without AA.  I am absolutely not an expert like some folks here seem to be.  But I'll tell you this is the longest I've been without drinking and I feel wonderful.  It's about creating new and healthy habits.  All of the negatives you mentioned above about feeling guilty and hungover etc. are eliminated.  I have a new issue with debating whether I should drink or not but that internal debate is more manageable than throwing up at work spending too much money feeling guilty gaining weight destroying your body etc.  At any rate it gets better!
&gt;I am apprehensive about coming out about my problem because I know there are people who can drink a lot more than me and hard liquor at that...Don't be.  It doesn't matter how much you drink relative to how much others drink.  What matters is how your personal drinking habits negatively effect your life.  ..At my worst I was drinking 12+ beers 5-7 nights a week.  I would stay sober all day get off work drink until I passed out and then do it again the next day. .A friend of mine is also an alcoholic but his drinking habits are widely dissimilar to mine.  He doesn't drink every day and when he does it's at random times. Sometimes in the morning sometimes at night.  Always extremely drunk.  Stumbling slurring shitfaced drunk.  The thing is he doesn't drink that much at a time.  He gets to that point on 4-6 beers.  It's actually pretty disturbing how little it takes him to get there...My point is volume doesn't matter. Neither does time of day nor how many days a week...You know you have a problem and are taking steps to remedy that problem.  I think that's wonderful and I'm glad you are here.  Good luck to you and stay strong.
Hi.  Your drinking history sounds really similar to mine except I waited a few more years to decide to stop.  Which I don't recommend!  The first few days of sobriety were the hardest for me - lots of anxiety and cravings.  Since then I've been doing a ton of yoga and zumba and I've definitely lost a few pounds (in just a month).  Hang in there!  Keep posting! 
I think you're minimizing how much you drink honestly in the kind of backhanded way alcoholics do. Don't be confused about that you definitely drink alcoholicly and you drink a lot. That's not a slam in any way but you say several times that other people drink more you're struggling with the label etc. that's very common but it can also be detrimental because your brain very much wants you deny having this problem....so you can continue dancing merrily down this shitty road. It's a trick that alcoholism plays on everyone...Anyway welcome this is a great supportive community. Also you will amazed by how less sad less melancholy less depressed you will be when alcohol clears your system. The way you feel now is completely to be expected shoulder through it stick around it will get so much better..
Thanks for sharing. Have you heard of www.c25k.com? I have heard it mentioned here and hearing about your dreams of adventure this might be a good way to start. In addition to not drinking it is great to have other goals that keep you going. I've found this community very helpful and l I'm trying to do my part to be helpful myself.
Welcome! Your story sounds a lot like mine except I'm in my late 30s... Hangovers get worse and worse as you get older so if you think it's bad now you really don't want to wait to stop. Mine were going on two days of pain and nausea three days to feel functional and somewhat normal again. Anyway I decided to stop... I wasn't ready to make a public declaration: "my name is JustWanderedIn and I'm an alcoholic"... I'm still not. I told friends that I'm on this health kick and that included trying to eat better exercise more and stop drinking for a while. It was cover story yeah but it was also true and it went over well as it was not threatening and after a while they seemed to get used to it and I even signed up for a race (which is in a week and a half) and when Ive slipped I've even had a friend chastise me "Hey! Your race!" Funny. I actually reduced drinking last May and stopped drinking back in July  but since have had two slips since but the hangovers from my slips reminded me why I stopped. ..Anyway it does get easier... The first couple - 2 to 3 - of weeks i was in this fog and just grouchy and irritable. Experiment with sodas or smoothies fruit juices - stuff that gives you nutrients and is healthy and delicious but keeps a cool glass in your hand to sip at. After a few weeks especially if you've been exercising and sleeping well you're going to be amazed how different you feel... I have days where I'm doing a jillion errands and I remember feeling amazed at my stamina - whoa! energizer bunny ftw!..Anyway don't mean to ramble - I read your post and related... Again... Welcome!! :-).
FWIW I read your story and I can identify with the words.  It's a struggle for all of us.  Once you decide to stop the world becomes something you can take control of.  So many things to do now that you're not stuck on the couch watching reruns.  Get out there and ride a bike go kayaking hike in the mountains take a photo of a puppy and so on.  Life is right around the corner.  I know you we can do it.  Stay positive and think about how awesome you will feel in a week month a year.
Hey there thanks for sharing and welcome! ..Personally I skipped making a big declaration to anyone. What others say/do doesn't really matter--to me at least. I started by just not ordering booze and quite a few people did not even notice surprisingly. If they did and I didn't know them well would just say something like "yeah giving my liver a break" or "trying to lose a few pounds" while patting my beer belly. Not the whole story but still true. ..To my wife after a few days said that I was taking a little break she hadn't even noticed and both her and my brother have told me that I'm basically the same person whether I drink or not. Someone else said the same thing and was like why not drink then? I explained that this was my point exactly why work through a haze of hangovers and wooziness to maintain the appearance of who I want to be whereas I can just wake up that way naturally and without spending all that effort every day?..That's the bottom line: Not what label I am not how much I drank not whether I "reached bottom" yet but that booze was taking more than it was giving. It doesn't sound dramatic but it was a profound realization...Also by not hiding that I wasn't drinking but also not really spending energy worrying about how/when/if I'd explain it to people I was able to focus on what to me is more important--me and whether or not I'm going to drink today. It's almost selfish but healthy-selfish. Fuck other people fuck tomorrow fuck next year. A few times I told myself "nah maybe I'll reconsider that beer later tonight" then later that night "nah I'll reconsider tomorrow." ..The funny thing is that selfishness will actually benefit a lot of people I hope esp. my little girl. They say that "high-functioning alcoholic" is a phase not a permanent description. From familial history I tend to believe it...As I touched on in another post I almost tricked myself before I could admit that yeah I want to start a new chapter of my life that does not include alcohol. But as cliche as it sounds all that really matters is not picking up that first drink and I've found shorter timelines helped a lot especially at first. ..YMMV--we're all beginners of varying degrees here in my book.
What are your hobbies? I'm sure you've always wanted to paint knit learn how to play guitar learn a language etc. Whatever it is you had an inkling about learning but always thought you didn't have time... well now you have a bunch more time now that you're not going out and drinking!..Think of this as an exciting beginning in your life. It's like you just won the lottery gaining so much more time and energy to do the things you've always wanted to do instead of being restricted to Rolling Rock...good luck!
