-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mc7cz/damn_advertising/

I love watching sports but I have come to realize that watching sports is one of the greatest struggles I have with my recovery. There are two main reasons for this. First I often watch with my close friends and they like to drink during the games. Second it seems like every other commercial on TV during MLB and NFL games is a beer commercial. I have gotten a lot better at being around drinking during a meal or gathering but I still catch myself looking longingly at their cans/glasses. I think "it would be so nice to touch that can I bet it's nice and cool" and "I wonder if that beer/liquor tastes as good as I remember it does." I have come to understand that these thoughts are the pitch from my inner alcohol salesman and that I must let them go. Like I said I have gotten a lot better at fighting these thoughts outside of the sports spectator domain. However I recently discovered that my inner alcohol salesman is a lot harder to ignore when the alcohol salesman on TV is saying the same things that I am thinking! Has anyone else had this conundrum? How do you deal with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

If you have a DVR pause before commercials then fast forward through them. 
Granted it is at best annoying. Use some of the money you're saving by not drinking to buy a DVR if you don't have one. Then you can whiz through the commercials. Of course recording the program first is necessary.
Lately I've been using those ads as an opportunity to analyze the relationship between consumer culture and addiction.  Instead of thinking something like "that beer looks cold delicious and fun" I've been trying to think "interesting that the beer is marketed via that method....what does that say about our society?". I dunno it helps me step outside the narrative they're trying to sell me.  
Oh man. I've been a cordcutter for about 8 years so I don't see adverts on TV. Not a sports-fan either so no biggie right? Wrong. Because you can zip through adverts with a DVR they're relying more and more on product-placements within shows. For some reason Dean Norris (Breaking Bad Under the Dome) has been triggering me a lot lately when I watch the shows I *do* follow. So yeah I feel your pain - the "[alcohol salesman](http://www.orange-papers.org/orange-addmonst.html)" keeps pointing at Hank/Jim and saying "See? Wouldn't that Bourbon taste *so* good???"  Asshole...I'm equally curious about dealing with it. I mean sure - turning off the TV *is* an option but not an ideal solution. UtD is pretty crap so that's easy. But BrBa? I *got* to see what happens next.
