-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mfmes/keep_on_relapsing/

It's the cravings + rationalisations. I keep on getting taken down by them...I know techniques for fending them off but here I am again feeling hungover and disgusting...It's unbelievable how conscious I am of my actions and steady deterioration yet that awareness alone doesn't seem to stop it...For the first time in my life I'm feeling truly helpless with alcohol. Any advice would be much appreciated...I should really go to AA but I keep on getting overwhelmed with panic whenever I think about it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Realizing that knowledge does not equal power and that your rational mind doesn't prevent relapses is one of the most terrifying thoughts I've ever had. It's awful...What worked for me is posting here hanging out in webchat EVERY DAY and not placing myself in situations where I could possibly drink.
I haven't had a drink in 4 days.  Woke up this morning ticked off at everything.  Went to a 10 am meeting.  Talked to a couple people who know exactly what you and I know and feel.  It's not as much fun as drinking but that meeting is going to get me through today and I know for a fact it will be a better day today not drinking than drinking.  No matter what happens I get to wake up tomorrow and be on day 5 sober moving in the right direction for 5 straight days.  This place is a good tool but I bet if you go to a meeting now or in the next hour you won't drink today
AA made recovery possible for me.  Until then it was like I was in the bottom of a deep hole.  There was not much left of the sky...To me the people in AA were welcoming I was the one who was resistant.  ..You might call your local AA hotline - see if there is a beginners meeting and if someone could meet you there.  Just make the call see how that goes...
Bill Wilson the co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous writes in Bill's Story that self-insight alone found him pounding the bar in relapse.  Self-insight is certainly a valuable tool but better are the deliberate actions that keep me from drinking today.  I act my way into better thinking not the other way around.  So for today and only for today I am not going to pick up the first drink; and I will go to support meeting.  Later in the day I will form a plan to try to stay sober tomorrow; but not lose focus on the intention to go to bed sober today. If I make that goal; I will have won a daily victory over my alcoholism...The panic over going to an AA meeting is something I experienced when I first got sober in the 1980s.  When I thought about it I didn't want to be an alky I didn't want to "get religion"  I didn't want to hang our with winos--all my prejudices were manifestations of my ego.  Once I went I felt actual relief.
If you're actually dealing with severe anxiety it could be helpful to see a therapist regarding your panic.  Panic disorder and other related disorders are actually some of the easier ones to treat in a short amount of time.  Couldn't hurt to have multiple resources eh?
Stop *thinking* about going to AA and go to AA. Get up move forward and just go. Push past anxiety. Ignore it. Once there enjoy the strange comfort of being in a room where everyone understands...It's not that you're relapsing because that technically doesn't happen until stable recovery has been established. You are in an early stage of recovery. Many people experience problems like yours and as long as there is a relentless awareness and effort there is hope. 
Hi Luuu. Sorry you're still having a hard time of it. I know all too well how hard it is to hang in there when you know full well what will fix you...I went to AA ten days after a not at all thought out home detox with my wife. AA didn't teach me how to quit drinking but what I did learn while there was how to not need to start drinking again. I learned about setting my sobriety as my first priority and about how and why to combat poisonous states of mind...AA is nothing more than alcoholics talking to each other. If you can participate here you've got all the skills to participate there. If you're still nervous hang out in chat as has been suggested and keep reading here. Whether you go to AA go to SMART find some other path or do a mix of all of the above the most important thing is for you to stay active in your efforts. Complacency is a devil and you can only cruise downhill. I know getting this isn't easy but once you've done it you'll see how simple it is.
[deleted]
You aren't relapsing.  To relapse requires recovery first. 
[deleted]
