-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mtd5u/went_by_the_bar_after_work/

Saw a buddy's car outside my regular spot so I stopped.  A few high fives a hug from the bartender (who asked where I had been) and a glass of water and I walked out of the bar totally sober for the first time in a VERY long time. It felt risky at first but really good on the way out ... Never felt the urge...Conclusion: It isn't the first drink that's hard to say 'no' to ... It's the one after that. If I don't drink at all I can't drink too much. Can I?..Great weekend everyone ... And thanks for a great week...EDIT: To be clear I don't plan on making a habit of "hanging out at the bar" or "within arms reach of alcohol" ... It occurs to me that relapse is a crime of opportunity! I was there for about fifteen minutes and I think it was my way of communicating to a certain group of people that they shouldn't expect (or encourage) me to have a drink with them...At any rate I have thoroughly planned my first sober weekend around family/non-drinking activities. Next stop: Curious George cartoons with the boy!..Thanks again all.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Conclusion: It isn't the first drink that's hard to say 'no' to ... It's the one after that. If I don't drink at all I can't drink too much. Can I?..That's a good way to think about it.  However at 4 days sober going and hanging out at a bar is indeed a risky thing to do.  I've found that even though it was easy *this time* it may not be as easy next time and the urge might smack you right in the teeth...Take care.
I understand the pride you feel but it's risky this early to be within arm's reach of alcohol. .."One is to many a thousand not enough."
You are the best man! You can do this! You're already doing it!
 I feel ya. Something I heard first from my dad that I've really taken to heart lately: "I can say no I just can't say 'no more.'"
Don't take that first drink!  The rest is easy.  Sober living is far more rewarding than anything you are chasing in a bottle.  .
