-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mu6bu/normal_or_nuthouse/

Ok so here's what I'm going through and wonder if - I dunno "this too shall pass" or if this is a common experience or what.. It's me and I need help?..I actually stopped drinking back in July... The number on my flair is just the last time I slipped up. Actually the first try I made it to 28 days and then slipped up a few times (ending up binging and suffering from the mother of all hangovers got serious requested a badge and tried again using more resources including y'all)...On this latest four-day-old try I'm finding myself just so emotional. Spontaneous outbursts of tears heartaches grief... feelings of discontent and wanting something very different than what I have now. Feelings of... Of... Loss?? Abandonment??!! WTH?..I can trace it pretty easily... I started drinking heavily in my early 20s after I lost my immediate family to different cancers within a few years of each other. Grief is a good excuse for drinking right? For what it's worth I did go back to college get a few degrees meet my spouse get married good job active in my community etc. etc. become a "success".... and continued drinking - mostly binging - but it wasn't really a "problem" since from all outward appearances I seem to have my shit together and I've so "overcome" much early adversity (I glossed over it above but writing out everything that happened is a novel unto itself... And depressing as hell.) Even I tell myself I should just be over it by now - this was 15 years ago... Life is short so move on right? Life is good now... Live in the now right?..So what switched this quit that was different before? Before it was "I feel great! So happy! Rah rah rah" and I still feel physically better but ... I dunno I feel like I've crashed emotionally and I just want to run away from life. Far far away. And the urge is very powerful... I can't stop crying and I'm struggling to deal with this shit. I just don't want to deal with my life any more...Ironically as the last hangover is still a fresh experience in my head - I'll have fleeting thoughts of drinking yeah but it's.more like I fantasize of a [Jon Krakauer "Into the Wild"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Into_the_Wild_%28book%29) style of running away...I know running doesn't solve anything you don't have to tell me that. But GODDAMNIT! Stop crying!! [There's no crying in baseball!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M8szlSa-8o)..Ugh! WTH is wrong with me?..It's clear what's wrong with me - maybe I just need it put it into words...Happy Saturday y'all.
----------immediate responses--------

I think many of us can relate. I drank because emotions were my enemy. Good or bad they were running the show for me poorly. When I drank I had a reprieve from the emotions. The fantasy of running into the Alaska bush is very parallel to dumbing oneself out with booze. You don't have to deal with emtions and the really difficult shit that is inevitable in our lives. Some people call running away the "geographical cure". Without the "break" that alcohol gives us we are forced to deal with reality and the grief loss and poor self esteem that has been building up inside. When I first quit drinking this was unbearable. Fortunately I had a a group of drunks to lead me through this difficulty and I got through it. Now I can honestly say I can deal with all those emotions that perplexed me so much in the past. Bottom line is you will be more successful in your sobriety with support to deal with the difficult days ahead. My help was AA but I have heard that others have had success with counseling (try CBT) or SMART Recovery. 
Crying is normal. It happens to many people but maybe we don't talk about it. It happened to me. It's as though your emotional damns are bursting and all the heartache and grief you never fully felt is flooding over you. Let the tears come if possible. Wherever you are let them slide down your cheeks. And oh yes. If you can really let go there's the snotty nose to cope with. ..There's also a grieving process when we quit drinking. The love affair we had with alcohol has gone sour. Alcohol betrayed us. There is anger and ultimately sadness at loosing a relationship that filled so much of our life. ..So you're not crazy. Eventually you'll get caught up on your crying. It sounds like there could be lots of tears waiting to be shed yet. Your life history is catching up with you. Time to face the music. You will survive. If possible find a counselor. Talk therapy helps us get perspective on our lives and figure out what's going on with us. 
Yeah the good news is you get your feelings back the bad news......Self medication for everything from social anxiety to feelings and much more is a very common thread in our stories...In AA it is said that our emotional growth effectively stopped when we started drinking there is at least some truth to it...Welcome putting it into words is a big step so is asking for help.
I know that since I've stopped drinking a lot of emotions and frustrations have been coming to the surface that I used to drown out. To stop drinking is to decide to feel again. It feels better physically but it can be a wave to ride emotionally. I can definitely sympathize with that...I can only speak for myself but I'm trying to "run away" from life in short bursts so I don't do it entirely. Those runaways take the form of half-day hikes getting away from people taking in a natural world that wants nothing from me. If you can find those little retreats maybe take advantage of them. You need them when you stop drinking. Vacation doesn't come in a bottle anymore...Be well. We're here for you whenever you need to vent..
I read your post and I went through similar experiences early in quitting drinking/drugs. I was able to stop by going through a rehab including group therapy. Without the therapy honestly I don't think I would have made it. Maybe you can try that! I'm not saying it's a requirement and you'll fail without it but it definitely won't hurt and might help you label your feelings.
The first couple of weeks for me are an emotional rollercoaster that is mostly artificial. I recognize this and try my best to ride through the highs and lows and not take my own emotions too seriously during this time. Like if I caught myself feeling sad... ok feel sad watch a movie or something to let it pass but don't get started on a pity party. ..It's levels out quite a bit more recently. I imagine it will even more going forward. ..It isn't much help to say but hang in there.. what you're feeling is very common and from accounts I've read usually goes away with time. 
