-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nhazs/why_do_i_have_to_be_cursed_with_this_stupid/

It's a no win for me. Either I ruin my life drinking or live an unfulfilling sober life where I can't stop thinking about it and am on constant fear of relapse even after being sober for months. Why can't I just be a normal person with a normal life? Why did I have to be afflicted with this? Unfortunately I don't feel like stuff like "this makes you a stronger person" will make me feel better. It doesn't it just makes me life suck...Any thoughts would be appreciated...
----------immediate responses--------

Why not you?
Nearly everyone else has "something". The longer you live the more you will realize this. People have cancer diabetes heart disease obesity and poverty to name a few things. You are lucky to have a disease that will go into remission if you stop drinking. Simple. 
Your sober life doesn't have to be unfulfilled.  You can find a new freedom and a new happiness if you keep an open mind.  AA has helped me to find freedom and purpose and see myself in a new light.  Maybe give it a shot?  
I know the feels. Being in a support group like AA has really helped me a lot. The AA "promises" are awesome if you get a chance to check them out.
Your badge says 11 days. Good for you! However that is not very long. Changes can take a while. I know that as an alcoholic "I want what I want and I want it now." In recovery I learn to slow down and put some good honest work into my recovery. What makes me feel better in my sobriety is getting through the stuff that has been so hard for me being kind to myself and building deep and satisfying relationships. This takes some time and is an effort everyday but is ultimately how I conquer that black cloud of relapse that follows me around. I commit to the work and to a better life. Give it some time do some self-improvement work help others mend your relationships. If nothing gets better and it all goes to hell even after you put some solid effort into recovery you can make an informed decision about what to do.
&gt; or live an unfulfilling sober life where I can't stop thinking about it and am on constant fear of relapse even after being sober for months. ..Uh no. Go to AA and do what they tell you to do. The most fulfilling years of your life are ahead of you. Don't let intellectual pride keep you from them.
There is no 'why.'  That's your disease talking and it feeds off your self-pity.  There is no 'normal.'  That's your ego talking and it feeds off your self-centeredness.  ..Who are you to say that a life in recovery is unfulfilling?  Who are you to say that to be vigilant against relapse is to be in constant fear?..I came into the rooms of AA full of resentment false pride and self-loathing.  I was livid that nobody seemed to feel sorry for me and the raw deal I had been dealt in life...I couldn't decide which was worse an alcoholic death or staying abstinent while trying to contain that seething cauldron of impotent rage that was in my brain.  Neither choice seemed to be worth pursuing...I was offered a third choice - surrender...My life is no longer my own today.  I live in service to others.  I'm reasonably happy and while I still wonder idly from time to time what it would be like to have a drink I am no longer tortured by the thought...It's strange to me that such a change could take place.  Me grateful and serene?..You sound so much like I did when I first realized I was up against a foe whom I could not defeat.  I hated the very idea of being forced to accept the devastating weakness in me as real and permanent...The only thing you are faced with is a decision; are you willing to accept life on life's terms or do you cling to the demand that life deal you a winning hand every round?..Fight and die or surrender and win.
Things change. In another 11 days your perspective on this will be different. And it will keep changing as long as you do this deal. ..The sober alternative you present sounds pretty dreadful because it is. As you move forward a little keep that phrasing handy so that you'll have a guide to when you're *not* doing it right.
It's only no win if you decide it to be so. Would you believe it if I told you that I ask myself what I did to be so blessed with this affliction? I once strongly felt as you do but my view changed after many years of sobriety and the grand life that sobriety has granted me. Apparently it was not in the cards for me to be a reveler. And just what does a reveler have to show in the end?
The first couple weeks suck yeah.  I'm more fulfilled with my life right now than I've ever been before.  Fuck alcohol it's like the Maroon 5 of drugs.  Horrible and ubiquitous and if you find yourself enjoying too often there's something seriously wrong.
[deleted]
I am so grateful to be a recovering alcoholic today. This is the longest I've ever stayed sober even after rehabs detox centers hospitals jail lost love etc. The second longest dry period in 17 years was 24 days. I'm also special. I have qualities talents relationships insights and achievements that others don't. Right? Even if all that is true it has never done anything to keep me sober. Alcohol drugs whatever doesn't care who you are. You have what you have. Now what? My sponsor likes to say "Alcohol isn't my problem it's my solution. My problem is I can't stop thinking about my problems." How true. So I personally followed direction to confront those problems through a twelve step program. Before I knew it my obsession with alcohol was gone. My obsession of self was no longer running the show and I was of use to other people. Working with other alcoholics is an amazing thing. Maybe try that if you want to feel different.
Haha. 2 weeks in is hard. Give it some time it gets easier. 
[deleted]
It's one of the only diseases where you have the control of getting cured. There are millions (or even billions If you take the majority of Muslims into account) who are able not to drink alcohol why aren't we able? There must be some reasons and we are here to find and neutralize them.
A sober life is a wonderful interesting fulfilling adventure for me...If you look at what you have gained the ability to do almost anything I suspect you will find its not so bad.   Alcohol has been selling you a Ponzi scheme of happiness.  Give yourself a break.
&gt; Either I ruin my life drinking or live an unfulfilling sober life..Calling FallacyBot!  This is a false dichotomy...When you say you are "on constant fear of relapse even after being sober for months" how many months were you sober and did you drink at all during that time?..It's getting hard for me to remember but after maybe 3 months I stopped having cravings for the most part.  I don't say this to boast but to give one data point that it does get better.  Even then the cravings were more like "conceptual possibilities".  Things like "I really could use a drink" without the emotional tug.  I countered these with explicit thoughts "No I couldn't use one and in fact it would make my current situation worse.  And I wouldn't want just one but as much as I could take until I passed out.  And I know that this would lead to days/weeks/years of continued drinking and likely an early death."  ..This is a long awkward thought to counter such a succinct directed idea but I got used to making them and in the end logically they are persuasive...So stop telling yourself negative things particularly ones that either are not true or need not come true.
It's something you'll need to deal with from time to time yes. It certainly gets easier the longer you do it. And if you can learn to manage it you'll start to wonder what else you could do... The world is wide open. But like others said give it some time for now - your brain and body need time to heal and readjust to life without alcohol.
"Nobility is not being superior to others true nobility is being superior to oneself."  If you overcome this and live a good life in *spite* of it you have much to be proud of.  Focus on your strength you have besides your "affliction" and take comfort in the wisdom you have gained from the suffering it caused.
Why do I have to be cursed with being born poor white trash; not as handsome as Brad Pitt; not as wealthy as Warren Buffet; not as talented as Lang Lang; and not as smart as Stephen Hawking?
You're still in very early days WRT your sobriety and still in the grips of a lot of "stinking thinking" as pretty much all of us were (and some still are). I thought that I couldn't live without booze that the obsession with it and the compulsion to drink would never leave me and I just fucking *hated* all those people that could still drink. This too shall pass. Get with a program stick with it do 90 meetings in 90 days (and try different meetings and even different clubs/groups to get a variety) and you'll see that *lots* of the veterans who have big stacks of sober days live quite fulfilling lives. Then ask them how they got there. 
Why is a useless question.  Would it make you feel better if you knew that hypothetically your alcoholism was entirely genetic?  Or because your mother made an off-hand comment about your school performance?..Don't ask why ask what and how.  Ask what you can do to make your life better.  Ask what led you to this.  Ask how you can act in a way more consistent with your values and goals and how you can avoid the traps and pitfalls that will lead you back to misery.  Don't dwell on how it isn't fair.  Life isn't fair.  Life doesn't owe anyone anything.  The best we can do is carve out a pleasant slice for ourselves as best we can...
You're lucky. You've got the only disease that is 100% curable. You'll find a way to get over it eventually. The anger goes away as well.
Sometimes life sucks...You will find a lot of relief is you can help someone less fortunate than yourself. ..Go help someone else get your head out of your ass and stop feeling sorry for yourself...Did you get sober just so that you could complain about how terrible everything is?..If I'm coming across as insensitive I can only say that this is the stuff I did to take me out of the self pity that I went through...Good luck I hope you make it you know what drinking will end with give helping other people a shot get around some real low bottom types help some really poor folks give it a shot what do you have to lose?
There will be a time when it's easier I was sober for about 18 months and there were periods of time when alcohol didn't even sound appealing or fun. 
The ability to not only handle life but thrive without resorting to chemical crutches is a kind of gift that can only be appreciated in hindsight once you  start reaping the benefits. Stick around and wait for the good stuff you'll think much differently when it arrives.
I agree with all the comments that say "there is no normal" and such. Lots of good advice in here but I mostly want to thank you for asking this question. I had similar thoughts recently but knew I'd probably not have the courage to ask them here...I sometimes feel sorry for myself that I tried to drink away a shitty childhood and then developed a drinking problem. How is any of that even my fault? All I wanted to do is feel better than worthless. Is that so much to ask? And now I have to be on constant guard AND I have to lose my instant happy helper? ..I am working my questions out in therapy and while I don't know that I can help you with your struggle I'm adding my thoughts because your post helped me feel less alone. So maybe that's something to make life suck less. You helped someone. Thanks owl. *fistbump*
Do your arms and legs work? Got both eyes? Smart enough to see the debacle hate it and try to figure it out? Is there anyone that loves you? Do you love anyone?..I've also been pissed off that I'm *that guy* who had to quit drinking. Your options are drink and ruin your life and hurt everyone that loves you along the way. Or figure a way to make life fulfilling. Forest Gump it just start running one day until you are tired or have it figured out...Also it gets much easier and much better. I don't even want to drink because it is a fucking hassle and will kill me. So no thanks.
