-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nicbu/my_badge_is_correct/

Since I've started my struggle to stop drinking my badge is correct! I've never gone this long without drinking - In the past I've only made it 4 days before relapsing and giving in to my poison of choice...I don't think I'm used to sobriety by any means. It's only been 8 days ferchrissakes. If nothing else I'm getting used to meetings and the support they provide. I'm starting to get to know my higher power... he gave me cake this Saturday - NO JOKE...But the best part of sobriety so far is waking up without shame guilt and the hangovers...I'm finally getting excited about sobriety :)
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. This works when you are as honest as you sound right now; a little bit willing; and of course open-minded.
Yayyy! 8 days is awesome because the beginning is the hardest part. ..Stick with it it only gets better. I've never met anybody who regretted not drinking just sayin' :)
Congratulations on making it through your first week!
Congrats .
Congrats on a week! It always feels good to do something you never thought you'd be able to do. 
[deleted]
8 days is a solid beginning! I found that the first few days were the absolute worse. Since the number was so low I didn't feel too bad breaking it and resetting my badge (and I usually drank every few days anyway). Now that I'm almost at a month though? Definitely too long of a time to just throw away...Keep it up!!
Keep it up! you can do it! you are not the only one to struggle like this and other including myself have made it so you can too!
Woot!
[deleted]
Congratulations! Today is my fifth day without drinking (I've never made it that far either!) and I know what you mean about not being used to it. It's all kinds of weird. Sober life is a hell of a drug huh?
Congratulations! It does add a new window to your life. Keep it up.
Yes mornings are awesome... though now I crave coffee.
Well done!!!  That is a huge accomplishment.  
Bravo!  Keep going.  Sober living is the best!
It works if you work it.
[deleted]
Look don't downplay your sobriety. Every single day is a gift. So to say it's only been 8 days you just said it yourself you've never done 8 days in your drinking years right? Now you know what comes after 8 right? One day at a time you can do this with the help of a support group (this subreddit or AA whatever you choose). It's great to hear that you are staying connected by going to meetings (having cake) and enjoying the gifts that come with staying away from a drink. Thanks for sharing.
Fair play to you. The meetings were very important for me in the beginning (they still are). They got me used to meeting people and just saying hello!  They thought me how to deal with people while sober. If someone remembered my name I felt great. They got me connected with the world again.  Stick to the meetings for now and you won't go wrong.  Good Luck.
"waking up without shame guilt and the hangovers" I am grateful for this each and every day. Keep on keeping on it can take a bit to get used to sobriety but it will come. It's worth it. You're worth it.
Congratulations!! Keep it up! :)
I remember when I was 9 days :) As you can see today is my 50th day and it has become easier. While I don't have the direct desire to drink anymore - coming home to an empty house with nothing but the internet makes me remember why I drank in the first place. ..However while drinking I always wished things were different. To be invited to events go out laugh have fun etc but it's difficult to achieve that when your constantly in a rush to go home and drink. I know it's for the better but it's a journey to get there :) ..Keep up the good work and good luck!
