-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nn4z2/quit_drinking_and_anxiety_has_gotten/

So I've been sober for a little over a month (last drink was August 23rd). It hasn't been too bad. It seems like something finally finally clicked in my brain that drinking was ruining my life. It was basically hypnotizing me and I was living in a haze. The first few days were not so easy but now drinking does not appeal to me at all. I don't crave alcohol when I'm stressed because I know it will only make me feel worse and make my life worse...I was drinking to escape my life and all of my problems. It seems like my anxiety has begun to get worse the longer I stay sober. Granted there's a lot of overwhelming crap piled up in my life that I now can't hide from but my anxiety has been very very bad and I wonder if it's a side effect of quitting drinking? It's only gotten worse a few weeks after I quit. Can this happen? I wasn't drinking a ton every day but even one drink a day was bad for me because I was drinking to cope with anxiety and stress. I have not seen a doctor or gone to any AA meetings to quit and I did not have physical withdrawals. I'm not afraid of relapsing at this point but I'd like to get a handle on my anxiety. I would see a doctor but i don't currently have health insurance. Has anyone else dealt with some kind of delayed anxiety after quitting? 
----------immediate responses--------

I had lots of bouts of anxiety some in patterns and others seemingly completely random and out of nowhere. The main reason was that I had become physically and psychologically disconnected from my old usual coping mechanism--alcohol. ..Since phasing out drinking never worked for me I stopped cold-turkey (and got medical attention). What I needed was time and a new coping mechanism to replace the old one. I found that in AA. I went to AA to make sobriety more comfortable and to stay quit...However AA is no replacement for medical attention so figure out a way to see a doctor. What's worth more than your health? 
[deleted]
Just a thought but if you are no longer "escaping" your life and problems then I would expect your anxiety to increase until you learn to deal with life on life's terms. Face your life and address your problems. If needed a little therapy to see if there is some underlying cause or trauma you have to deal with... and just maybe a little medication for the anxiety...You are not alone. Good Luck.
[deleted]
There's a lot of adjustment you're likely to experience in the first couple of months as alcohol clears from your brain. It can be pretty stressful in itself particularly (as RandomExcess says) if you're starting to grapple with life problems rather than kicking them down the road by drinking. ..As your brain clears however you may find that you become more able to deal with these stresses. That was my experience. My problems were still there waiting for me but with a clearer head I could start working on them rather than soaking them in booze. ..It sounds like you got that realization which is great. Doesn't solve your problems though. I agree with others--I'd suggest trying some other activities that reduce stress particularly exercise. Going to a meeting may help as it has others (not my path). I have found it really helpful to lean on a few trusted friends--something I had never done in the past but learned to do. And just--time. You're still early into sobriety and things will continue to change pretty dramatically for a while at least that was my experience in the first few months...But ultimately if you're still suffering getting to a doctor might have to be a priority particularly if your anxiety endangers your sobriety. ..Good luck and good work on your month of not drinking.
Yes I have.  And while I would recommend medical attention I understand your quandary.   Look one month is not a very long time and I imagine based on my experience that shortly you will begin to feel relief.  But I got relief immediately by going to AA meetings even if just for the hour while I was present.  I can't encourage you enough to at least help yourself by getting support from others who have been through and are going through what you are going through.  Good luck.
Chemical anxiety can be helped exercise and [nutrition](http://www.bouldermedicalcenter.com/articles/Alcohol_Nutrition.htm)...Anxiety about your life is harder to tackle. After you've stopped being drunk every day for months or years you realize your life kind of sucks. You've just got to be a sober adult and tackle things one at a time. It's the end of the world although it can seem to be. People have filed for bankruptcy and been solvent in 5 years so imagine where you could be?..If your anxiety is truly bad you should to see a physician. If it needs to be treated going longer without a diagnoses is a good way to fall back into the medication you are trying to avoid.
One of the things that AA overs without financial cost is coping tools. Check it out.
Acute withdrawal and Post-Acute withdrawal are real. You got to do your best to rebuild your nutrition &amp; health. B vitamins and Magnesium are a good start. Learn about it.
