-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1no4pl/struggling_to_gain_traction/

Had one good sober week last week with the help of reading here eventually getting exercise eating and going to AA meetings most days...Last Saturday I slipped and drank a couple triggers piled up namely frustration with my parents and I drank. I called a couple AA people up after I had ran out to confess and they talked me through it and convinced me not to get more. One guy who lives just a half a mile or so picked me up in the morning and dragged me to a meeting. Despite the rain I went for a run and felt like I was back on track...Since that time lets just say... I havent been on track. I'm still going to meetings and they keep me honest but since that time I've slipped a little and had at least something to drink every night but one...I feel myself slipping back my initial optimism about sobriety is fading and now I find myself succumbing to my boredom loneliness anxiety and depression. After killing a pint of vodka after the meeting last night (what a fucking liar I am) I woke up with some extremely mild withdrawals...Today has been awful slept like crap too tired to do anything too awake to sleep sink full of dishes and a car full of crap I need to unload before tomorrow and to top it off I feel like I might be getting sick. Day 1 I am back. I may call the guy who will end up being my sponsor and confess it might help me get back on track. I was supposed to go to a meeting tonight but being under the weather I may stay home a nap might do me some good if I can manage to actually sleep...Thanks for listening to me rant.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I woke up with some extremely mild withdrawals...Do you know what kindling is?.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(substance_withdrawal)..That being said dude you're doing great. You know that you're not happy with the way things are going you've reaching out in times of pain and you're aware that you CAN CHANGE THINGS.  You're ahead of the game in so many ways. One hour at a time.
Have you thought about talking to your doctor about getting help with quitting? You are struggling yet continue to fight so I'm wondering if medical help with detox isn't in order. Modern medicine can prevent seizures reduce severity of symptoms thus making you more comfortable. This makes it easier to quit and stay quit. The prescribed medication for withdrawal is inexpensive. Give it some thought. Alcohol withdrawal is nothing to mess with. Don't take it lightly...&gt; boredom loneliness anxiety and depression..This is to be expected when struggling with alcoholism. The body gets confused without alcohol and throws you all kinds of confusion. With sobriety things will get better but you have to be patient and tough it out sometimes. No feeling is final.
No drink no trouble.  It is hard in the beginning but we all have to start somewhere.  Get back on the wagon and enjoy the journey.  Good Luck.
I wish I didn't hate AA so much.  If I could have support from someone who isn't a religious judgemental douche I might have a chance of quitting.  I really want to quit too.  Some days I go dry and sweat through and itch and pull my hair out.  And then I feel like...okay...got through the worst of it.  But then one stressful thing happens and I'm right back where I began.  I even tried a week of fake sobriety with tylonol pm to get me to sleep at night.  Blah....just letting you know that you're not alone.  People are flawed.  But we wake up again and try again.  Eventually we'll get it right.
