-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nq1p9/do_the_relapse_dreams_ever_stop/

I've almost got 90 days and I dream I relapse about 3-4 times a week. I feel ashamed and guilty while I'm in the dream and when I wake up I feel horrible until I realize it was just a dream...The scariest part is that I always control it in my dreams... I have 1 or 2 and then stop - I barely get a buzz. I'm a "normal" drinker in my dreams and I'm afraid that somehow that will try to leak over into real life and I'll relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

I think we like to overestimate the value of dreams. Nothing will "leak over" into your life unless you let it somehow become an excuse...In my experience the dreams reduce in frequency rapidly and I care less about them each time upon waking.
We touched on this quite a bit at a meeting last week and even people who have years sober said they still get dreams. Some people had positive reactions some negative...I had one two nights ago about getting my old job back and my boss was going to send me info about alcohol treatment. Ugh. That was worse then a drinking dream...I'm still getting started and just started dreaming again regularly and I hate it. All my dreams are either horror films lost loves or (now) addiction related. Cant I just build a go-kart with my ex-landlord or something?
It's been quite a while - at least 6 months - since I had a relapse dream.  They do diminish in frequency over time.  ..Like you I would wake up feeling terrible but the feeling of relief and well-being I 'd get when I realized it was all but a dream was awesome!
Given my psychology degree (not) and my 10s of years of experience treating dreams (not) addiction (not) and knowing you how I do (not) it feels to me that you haven't yet let go of the idea that you can drink...It took me a while (about a month and a half but you and I aren't exactly the same I assume) to accept that I can't shouldn't and won't drink again.  I worked on trying to get to the point that I didn't even want to.  In the beginning I did have several drinking dreams.  They always stressed me out and I was really worried about them.  Turns out they're pretty common though...If you haven't read it I recommend reading Allen Carr's book in the sidebar.  It helped me see alcohol for what it really was and helped me remove the desire to drink completely.  I went into reading the book thinking it was a crock of shit but it was short so I gave it a chance.  And there's a lot in the book that had me rolling my eyes.  But unexpectedly when I finished the book I thought "Well that worked."..Or they could be random-ass dreams that will get less frequent... what do I know?..Good luck!
So far they haven't stopped completely. I still have them now and then just like any other nightmare. They have decreased in frequency tremendously since my first year. My take is that as long as you wake up worried you're ok. If you wake up from one craving a drink then its time to worry.
What helped me with these disturbing dreams was talking about them with my counselor sponsor and at AA meetings. Doing so took the "power" out of them. It does seem unusual to be having so many this far into your sobriety. On the other hand if all you are doing is not drinking then it is understandable.
I haven't had a relapse dream for a while but got freaked out the other night because I had a dream that I was using heroin.  I've never done street drugs IRL.
I dream that I am drunk or that I am stashing alcohol or looking for my stash on a pretty regular basis. Last time I woke up feeling drunk and it didn't wear off all morning.
