-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nrdv0/suspicion_and_its_triggering_effect/

Hi lovely people..I had a situation recently and was wondering if anyone had similar experiences/advice:.I went through a period of days about a week ago when I was completely bone-tired. I've just started a new job and I was about two weeks sober after a recent slip. I was napping during the day (unusual for me) despite sleeping solidly through the night. My SO was getting suspicious...in the past if I'd been secretly drinking I would often use "I'm just sleepy" to try to cover my ass so she was worried that I'd relapsed and was on something. After I explained that I truly wasn't I felt hollow because in the past I'd certainly lied about that kind of thing. I felt like nothing I could do/say had any credibility because of my past behaviour. .She did believe me in the end but I couldn't shake that hollow/defeated feeling for days. It was a struggle to beat down that sense of "well she thinks I'm drinking anyways so I may as well..." I feel the same way around my family like they're always looking at me sideways gaging if it's sober klhg or drinking klhg..I know they have every reason to be wary and that it's out of genuine concern but I find that perversely somewhat triggering. How do you handle not letting that get to you? I'm amazed that I muddled through (turns out that the sleepiness may have also been a precurser to the cold I've been battling all week)...**tl;dr** If others suspect that you've been drinking how do you not let that affect your sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

If you've been a liar in the past people will expect that you're a liar now.  Why wouldn't they?  It is unreasonable of you to feel hollow or defeated over it.  Feeling hollow or defeated means that you have unrealistic expectations. The reality is that people have every right to suspect you of lying and you have no right to get upset over their suspicions.  This is the reality you've created for yourself though your past actions.  Step 1: Accept it..."Well she thinks I'm drinking anyways so I may as well..."  You know how you regain trust and build a new reality?  By not drinking and not lying over a long period of time. That's the only way. And even that way isn't enough in some circumstances. Not all wrongs can be righted. Not all past damage can be undone. That's life.  If you don't want to be be treated like or feel like a liar then don't act like one.  Step 2: Consistently be the person you want people to think you are...You're getting mad and sad that she thinks you were drinking but the first thing you thought when things didn't go your way was "I should drink."  Is she wrong to be suspicious? How can you expect others to have faith in you when you don't even have faith in yourself?..1) accept your current reality 2) live each day as best you can.  Have faith in yourself...And most importantly it takes time.  
It is going to take a long time for people to trust you. They are scared you are drinking again and will be that way for awhile. Consider how long you abused alcohol and the lies and denial over that time. ..The only way to build trust is to do everything you can so people who love you aren't scared. Be where you say you'll be. Do what you say you'll do. Consistently do this day after day. Be helpful. Don't be defensive. And don't drink. Eventually trust will build but you must lay the foundation. 
"What other people think of me is none of my business."
