-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nsu81/one_month_time_for_a_little_post/

Hello stopdrinking..**I finally did the first month without alcohol!** 5 weeks ago this seemed absolutely unachievable for me. I am 26 years old and cannot remember when I have been sober this long. Must have been like 9 or 10 years ago!.Really. I read all your posts and thought that I could NEVER do what you already did. I used to dream about a sober life with no lies to my friends and family or my boss why I cannot come to work again..I started to make plans for the day try to find new hobbys with all that new strength I have. I see my friends more often and visit my family without being drunk or hung-over. I also sleep much better and am actually happy to know I will wake up sober and regained..The only thing I still have problems with is finding my way to a meeting. I would really like to talk to people in person about that problem I have..Anyway you helped me a lot! I am soo happy I found my way to you and stopped drinking!.I wish everyone who is still struggling with him/herself the strength for the decision to finally get sober! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I take it that not being able to "find your way to a meeting" doesn't mean you are geographically challenged but rather you just haven't gotten the courage to go. AA saved my life so of course I recommend it. It is comforting to be in a room with people who understand and who give support and guidance if you want it. I hope you take the next big step and get over this reluctance to go to a meeting. ..There's also SMART Recovery but it isn't everywhere although I've heard of online meetings. They also have worksheets you can get online which I've heard are helpful. There's a link in the sidebar...I agree with you that this site is golden.  
Congrats and cheers friend! I wish I had done this when I was your age life would be a lot different for me right now. Just remember that you're better than your affliction but you need to respect it and keep it from keeping you down. &lt;3
Congratulations!..Old_School remembers the first month of sobriety after almost ten years of heavy daily drinking and I just want to warn OP that he may be (doing what AAs call) "Pink Clouding".  ..Pink Clouding is pretty much what it sounds like an artificial "high" created when you remove the depressant (alcohol) from the daily biological processes.  The feeling fades slowly and if the person has progressed with their sobriety is not a problem...It can be a stumbling block when the person (usually suddenly) realizes that everything isn't perfectly rosy and everyday situations can still cause frustration or anger...As I understand (and personal experience bears out) this is only a worry for first-time quitters...Good thoughts to everyone who is staying sober and safe.....
Great news! I agree that talking people in person is very helpful.
Congratulations!!!
pretty sure i'm at 60 days not sure if it gets easier or harder...  i don't even think about it anymore..
Congratulations on your new sober life !!! . I don't know if it gets harder or easier either. Except that I find it a bit awkward when friends ask me why I'm not drinking. I usually say something like "I'm better without it." Or "Not tonight."  Very minor annoyance though. At any rate sober life is better than drunk life. I get to be in control not the booze. 
