-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nsvb6/i_believe_i_have_alcohol_poisoning_and_im_a_bit/

I'm not sure if this is the best place to post this but I need any help I can get. I have already resolved to stop drinking except for the occasional drink or two and definitely no more hard liquor. I am already seeking help from SMARTrecovery as well as a therapist. I recently made a huge life altering decision and was emotional and in a bit of shock; as a result I relapsed in the last couple of days; a friend and I went through a bottle of rum a bottle of vodka two bottles of wine and a six pack of beer in the space of about 4 days. This morning I felt nauseous but did not throw up. I drank a lot of water. I was a bit shaky but assumed it was partly my emotional state of mind. I met with a friend for a cup of coffee and some uplifting; and it really helped. On my way home however I got the shakes and was not able to calm them. As I climbed off the bus I needed to grasp hold of the seats to get me through but managed to make it seem like the bus was just a little unstable. Well when I stepped off the bus I couldn't walk. I was shaking endlessly (is this the same as having a seizure?). I needed to lean on something but couldn't even take two steps to the nearest tree or fence and didn't want to attract attention by sitting on the floor. Didn't want to call 911 if I didn't have to so I called a neighbor and told him to come find me right away (I was a minute walk away from home). My voice was surprisingly stable but I did have to crouch and stay at an angle in order not to drop or keep shaking. I managed to pull off looking like I was just crouching and looking at my phone. My neighbor showed up a couple of minutes later. My feet had fallen asleep so I needed him to help me stand. He held me straight for a few seconds while to blood rushed back to my feet and held my hand. While having his hand to keep me steady the shaking reduced and I was able to walk fine but as soon as he let go of my hand I would manage about three steps and start shaking again. It was blowing my mind that I was able to walk. We made it back to my place and he stayed with me for a few minutes while the shaking reduced. I drank a ton of electrolyte water and took a vitamin B complex. The shaking has stopped and is only a slight occasional tremor. I still feel a bit light-headed. I've called my doctor's office and will be able to see her next Wednesday (today is Saturday). I'm still wondering if I need to call 911 for emergency help. I talked to a friend of mine who had the same sort of experience after he quit drinking a few months ago tells me that I don't need the emergency I just need to lay down and recuperate and definitely not drink again. And I do feel a lot better but I'm also a little scared. I'd like to know if anyone else has had a similar experience. I need some advice. ..TLDR: After binge drinking for the past four days I had horrible shakes this morning to the point of needing a friend to hold my hand for me to be able to walk. I feel much better now and have drank a lot of water but I'm wondering if I should still seek emergency medical support right away...UPDATE: I made it to the ER. It was def an anxiety attack and got worse and I started throwing up nonstop after I got to the hospital and started to freak out more. Will be here for a few more days. I'm glad I came and and am getting medical help. Thank you all so very very much for your posts! Sincerely appreciate the advice and support. 
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds like withdrawal to me and yes yes yes you need medical attention.   
If in doubt it is always a good idea to get a medical opinion. However if you are young and generally healthy you may have no more problem. It sounds like you really stressed out your body. Shaking is not the same thing as a seizure. With a seizure you would pass out and fall to the ground. What you describe sounds like withdrawal symptoms. If you're feeling better it is probably not an emergency but you have to decide based on how you're feeling...From what you describe I don't think the occasional drink is going to work very well for you. Your tolerance is extremely high which is a one of the signs of alcoholism. If there is history of alcohol abuse in your family you are at high risk for the disease. ..Normal drinkers do not drink like this. It's good you are hooked up with SMART Recovery and have a therapist. Thank you for your honest post.  
It's alcohol withdrawal. "After binge drinking for the past four days" probably isn't accurate.  More like "After drinking heavily for the past four years."  What you're experiencing is likely the result of years of drinking.  They will do a liver test at the hospital and will instantly be able to tell that you are a long time heavy drinker.  Scary right?  Yep I know.  ..The others commenters here gave you good advice.
Dude as someone that went to the ER just last night don't be afraid to go. It's not going to be all sunshine and roses. If you're unlucky they'll be a little bit rude. But you won't be dead and you'll feel somewhat better afterwards. Good luck. 
This is nothing to fool with.  I am going to echo what everyone else has already said: Seek medical attention now.
[deleted]
This sounds an awful lot like an anxiety attack to me...once it starts it cascades quickly until you can get things back under control...be very aware of your breathing...if you're hyperventilating you'll cause yourself all kinds of problems. If you're home...just drink some water have a meal and relax...this too will pass...If you had alcohol poisoning you'd likely not have woken up...if you've been up and about for the day you're probably okay there...This was not a seizure in my humble opinion...You can go to the ER if you want...it's your dime...but I think you'd do better to have a bite take a bath and chill out...Good luck!.. 
Sounds like withdraw.  I recommend going to alcohol detox ASAP.  Call a help line and tell them what you told us.  Don't be surprised if they tell you to drink a beer or two as alcohol withdraw can kill you in some scenarios.  GO TO DETOX. They will pick you up at your house.  You'd be surprised how much better you feel afterwards.  It's free to you.  Get some help my friend even if it means you need to take a few days off work for detox.  Your life is worth it.
Hope you are doing OK.
this isn't alcohol poisoning it's detox - and I had the same thing - panic attacks and hallucinations its scary shit. Alcohol poisoning happens in the immediate wake of drinking - think downing a bottle of everclear in half an hour. It's not something that would occur several days later hope that helps you feel better about it. ..edit: bit of a controversial tip but when I was in this position and was stuck waiting it out over a weekend the doctor told me if it gets too intense a small amount of alcohol will stop the withdrawal symptoms (why many people taper - cold turkey is dangerous in only a few chemicals - alcohol being one of them). If you have to use a SMALL amount of alcohol as a medication to stay safe know that it can be the difference between serious consequences (DT's) and one less day of absolute sobriety before getting the care you need. 
