-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nvrks/starting_to_feel_like_aa_meetings_are_wasting_my/

I've been around for almost 2 years.  Got 6 months sober and since I didn't change anything about my self I inevitably relapsed when the pain was great enough...The relapse taught me a lot though...Today I have 429 days.  I'm a whole new person.  I see an addiction specialist at school weekly I have plenty of friends (normal and sober) I'm very successful at school  I genuinely like my self and everything that needs to change is in process of changing...Over the last few months I've started to feel that going to AA meetings is a waste of time for me.  Although I'm an atheist and not a true believer in the 12-steps I still benefited a lot from going to meetings - especially in super early recovery (I'm still considered in early recovery).  I needed human contact...Today I have a full life outside of AA.  I now go to one or two meetings a week mainly just because I want to see some friends.  I don't have any desire to drink or use drugs.  I kind of want to stop going completely since I'm so busy.  That doesn't mean stop hanging out with other people in recovery though.  I often spend time with my sponsor and other friends in recovery...Has anyone else reduced or entirely cut out AA in their recovery?
----------immediate responses--------

I've never been to AA so I can't respond to that aspect but I'd like to say this you are at 429 days and if AA isn't doing it for you find something else that will. We as human beings are always evolving changing and maturing. You've mentally moved on I don't see why you would stick around. I don't think this is some sort of 'justification' to go back to drinking I think you have changed and need to a new outlet. If anything STAYING might cause a problem as you'll feel as though you're being stagnant and get bored. and as most of us know boredom is bad news. I hope this helps in some way...Stay Strong Stay Sober.
Coming up on two years myself but still going. I've heard plenty of guys talk about lulls and I've heard guys talk about drifting away from program all together. I think that there's a distinction between the two...The big book doesn't say anything about meeting attendance and only begins to touch on the AA fellowship at all. But what it does say is that you have to continue to expand and perfect your spiritual life. It says that that should continue for a lifetime. The framework that AA provides is a great place for newcomers to get connected. But the basis of AA is the book and the book is pretty much just a definition of the problem the steps and some stories about people who did the steps. If I went to two years of ghost-busting lessons but had no intentions of ghost-busting I might get tired of showing up at some point too...Not going to meetings everyday or calling your sponsor every week or attending potlucks is only cutting AA out of your recovery to the extent that it was your program to begin with. If having your network of friends and talking to your counselor is what keeps you sober right now then that's what you need to be devoting yourself to.
If you give up aa just make sure you keep some sort of group or mechanism in your life to remind you not infrequently how bad things get when drinking. I relapsed after 19 months not drinking and about 6 months after leaving aa when life turned in a shitty direction and I had left behind all the structure I had built up to remind me to stay sober. Alcoholism is a devious bastard and it bides its time.
Now that things in my life are getting back on track and I'm doing better than I have in a long time I like to go to meetings and try to help other people out. That's my favorite part about AA is seeing new guys come in fresh off the street and maybe giving them a little hope. I'm not anyone's secretary but I don't think two hours a week to keep grounded in sobriety is unreasonable.
The whole point of the meeting for you at this point is to get relief from life on life's terms or to at least practice getting the relief for when you need it. You can do this by being the first person to share in the meeting on what's going on with you and how it makes you feel. You may need the relief at some point in the future and be unable to get it without alcohol...Personally my two relapses have both been while things were going good not bad. Good luck to you.
Are you able to let other people help you?  Are you able to accept other people's decisions?  Are you able to follow someone else's direction without building a resentment?  I suck at all these things all the time to this day.  If these aren't your challenges then I would suspect you have a stronger spiritual life than you accept...I work the steps because it has drastically helped me with these things.  I have real results.  If it didn't help I probably wouldn't do them either.  I am at the point where I would like to have other stuff in my life but I know I am not ready yet.  AA is a reprieve from myself and is often the only time I am able to let go of all my shit.  I'm hopeful I can find myself without needing it so much someday I have a lot of things I want to do and AA eats into my free time like nothing else...Good luck I hope I can live the kind of life you have someday.
I understand how you might feel that AA has served its purpose for you that it's becoming repetitive and that you aren't getting as much out of it as you once did. The obsession to consume has been eradicated and you seem very active both socially and as an advocate for recovery organizations. People are encouraged to continue with AA because it provides an active life away from those people and places that provide temptations. That's not an issue for you. You feel that AA no longer has much to offer you.  ..And you're probably gonna be pissed at me when I say this but I think you've got your head stuck up somewhere it wasn't meant to be.  ..You're in DC? Good. Let me modify a quote from a fellow who used to live there: "Ask not what AA can do for you ask what you can do for AA."  ..You've done incredibly well in turning your life around you have a great life now. So show some struggling alkie just how you did it. You say you benefited from going to meetings in early recovery...how would that be possible if you didn't get a chance to see first-hand how others were succeeding? You needed human contact...now it's time to provide some.  ..I've only been in AA for a few months so I'm not the King of the Hill when it comes to knowing how this program works. But I've paid attention and I have seen a few people come back in after relapsing.  ..In almost every single case when I asked them what happened their response started with "Well first I stopped going to meetings...."   ..I get it. You're busy and you have friends in recovery that you think can pull you through. Good. But at this point it's not just about you. It's about your duty. Read Step 12. Then go to a meeting. Even if there's nothing said that you need to hear there's probably someone there that needs to hear what you have to say.
You might be right. You might not need meetings and they might be a waste of time....But as someone said in this thread have you listen to the relapse stories?...A lot of them begin with "...I stopped coming to meetings" ..Remember pre-AA you couldn't get sober. Then with AA you did. ...You say that you are an atheist and haven't done the 12 steps (although since you're going to meeting you know that you don't need to be a theist to do them!). Can I ask if you've done any 12th step related work at all? Have you reached out to any alcoholics?...Like I said and most people here have said. You might be fine without the meetings. I hope you are. But if you stop going to meetings you;re taking a risk (although wouldn't it be something if you stopped going replased went again and then did the 12 steps and stayed sober? I've heard that story before)
I've reduced but have not cut AA out of my recovery. I also at various points in early sobriety started to feel like meetings were becoming redundant. So I started going to different ones. I started sponsoring people. I became a panel member then got my own panel (love the panels!). I started my own AA meetings. I attend charity events for recovery homes. The list goes on--there's plenty to do in AA besides just attending meetings. I read that you don't really believe in the 12-steps. Have you tried them? I didn't like eggplant until I tried some properly prepared. Point I'm trying make is that I hungered for more in AA so I learned how to get more and give more...I got a lot out of AA from a "needing" standpoint. I get even more out of AA from a "giving" standpoint...There's a lot of people that could benefit from hearing about your success in recovery. Put a little back in the karma bucket that you withdrew from. The return on investment is quite handsome...EDIT: My real life is plenty busy and fulfilling too lucrative career family regular friends etc.. Recovery is an avocation not a vocation.
Your needs do change to an extent but most of us are not entirely rid of our inner addict - and some sort of program is necessarily IMHO to keep that slimy bastard in check...Does it have to be AA? No.  Probably not.  It certainly does not have to be  7 meetings a week.  Btw I see the 12 and 12 as a more refined program...I personally go to 3 meetings a week including one in prison.  The two outside are to see friends and sponsees as much as to hear something new but I very often do get a fresh perspective on things. I started the service meeting in prison about 5 years ago and it has lifted my recovery a level or two.  You might consider some form of service...Last week I was pissed at something - semi justifiably but it was a little thing and I was spending too much energy on it - it was in a meeting that I realized I did not have to go through tha t door.  ..TLDR meetings still help me service might be an idea whatever you do keep your inner addict in check.
I have significantly reduced my AA meetings since I first started recovery. I haven't done all the steps. I would like to do the steps at some point but not right now. ..I don't want to get too much into it because I know all my reasons for going are just excuses. If I really wanted to be there I'd go. So I'd be able to look over the rhetoric that I got sick of hearing and I'd look over other parts about the culture that I feel uncomfortable with. ..I was always told that "If you stop going to meetings you will relapse." Which fucking scared me because...I am an alcoholic! I went to meetings out of fear that if I stopped I'd relapse. I dunno I guess in the last few months I'm trying to live from faith: I'll go back to AA when I'm ready. I know I could live in faith and go to AA but that isn't what's happening right now...I wouldn't say I am a whole new person but I have changed quite a bit. AA really helped me focus on recovery I'm just not sure if I want it in my life anymore.
I've drastically reduced the time I spend on AA recently.  My life has become busier due to professional (promotion + certification study) and family circumstances (kids getting older and busier) and after spending the last 12 years heavily involved in general service it's just time for me to step back and let other people learn and grow in the service positions I'm vacating...I still attend my home group weekly keep in close contact with those members and am still attending the monthly district meetings and helping area out a little bit.  I too am not going to meetings to receive the resolve to continue to stay sober but instead to share with others how I've recovered via the program (recovery unity and service) and via the fellowship that happens outside the meetings (young people's crew after the meeting fellowship rocks!).  ..And it was all done under the suggestions and guidance from my sponsor and the other really close friends/guides I have both inside and outside the program.  I also made sure my sponsees understood what I was doing and why I was doing it too...It's not all about me anymore.  ..Is it all about you?..
Excellent post; captures pretty accurately where I was at just before I stopped going to AA meeting nearly 15 years into sobriety circa 2001.  Shortly after I stopped going I relapsed.  Let me just make one true observation--absolutely NOTHING wasted my time like relapse into alcoholic drinking and thinking.  
When I sobered up the first time I only went to meetings for a few months and gave it up because I wasn't getting anything out of it. I'd started dating someone (the first ongoing relationship since my divorce) I was getting a handle on work and my finances things were going much better. But then I got the idea that since I was able to stay sober without AA maybe I didn't really have that big of a problem with alcohol. I was sober for 2 1/2 years but my relapse (triggered by breaking up with my girlfriend) was probably inevitable. ..You're getting help at school right now but it sounds like you're going to be graduating from college before too long and going from a more structured environment to a less structured one. What's your plan for post-graduation? Are you going to look up an AA meeting when you end up somewhere else (assuming that you do move) or some other recovery program or will you put that somewhere way down on the list of things to do? Because if it's the latter it could be *real* easy to relapse. It's good that you're doing service work right now but one of the reasons why AA puts service work in the 12th step the last one is that we need to help ourselves before we can help others. One of the things that I'm going through right now is that I'm considering stepping down from the meeting that I'm chairing because it's got pretty low attendance but I have to admit that part of the real problem is that I'm not working on my steps and that I need to attend meetings beside the one that I chair more regularly--in fact I've been thinking for a while of making a meeting the night before the one that I chair so that I can be just a participant that night and feel better about the program when I'm in the big chair. ..Another thing too is that if you've been going to the same meeting or the same group for a while it might help to try another meeting or group because they can be very very different in the way that they do things. Even though it's all supposed to be the same program the specific traditions can vary. (Stephen King's new book *Doctor Sleep* which features the kid from *The Shining* all grown up and in recovery has some descriptions of New England meetings and although they're pretty close there are some interesting variations.) If you're not into the whole Higher Power thing you may want to check out [something like this](http://www.aa-atheists.com/).
[deleted]
