-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nw95q/2_months_sober/

For some reason I've hit a wall. Two months now I've been kicking ass and taking names it hasn't been all sunshine but when it comes to booze I've stayed strong. My family is back in my life drinking buddies are gone the friends that are left are supportive beautiful fucks for whom I have endless love. This is the farthest I've ever gotten and for all intents and purposes the most stable I've ever been...So why is it now. Why is it now I start dreaming about drinking having insatiable cravings it takes every bit of my damned willpower to fight walking through town arguing with myself about whether or not to hole up in some dive and drown... I've quit and relapsed enough times over the past few months to know my warning signs and every single one is ringing like a fucking fire alarm that's not gonna stop until all good sense evacuates the building...Two months man. I thought I had it this time. If i cant find a way through this ill never fucking forgive myself. Help if you can commiserate if you'd like just...anything. I'm fucking lost in the dark.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey don't beat yourself up I hit this "wall" every time I've quit too I've quit for a few months every year only to fall back into the destructive pattern of drinking everyday. It's amazing how much of a hold it can have on us. This time I seem to be coping better I would really like to provide some sound wisdom but I think this is different process for different people. This subreddit has helped immensely. Previously I felt alone but being on here has 1. Made me realise I am like most of the people here and 2. There is hope. Have a look at SMART recovery Google it it's helped me this far (plus /r/stopdrinking) also jump into the chat on the right hand side. As others have said on here take it a day at a time. Please hold on mate it's worth it all that work of 2 months sober is so fucking awesome it would be a shame to undo it. Keep posting keep us updated.
Before my last relapse I had two relapses both at 3 months sober. .Those last two times I was sober for a few months I went to about 3 meetings (AA/NA) a week. Also I didn't go anywhere where people were drinking. It was enough for the first months but it wasn't enough to keep me clean/sober. ..For me the real problem is staying sober and I had reached a point over a year ago where I was willing to do a lot more. I went to a meeting everyday for the first three months and got a sponsor after two weeks. I started calling people and accepted advice and help. ..It gets a lot better but I have to stay active. .Gratulations on two months and best wishes!
Don't do it man.  Go exercise or eat ice cream or beat off or do a long distance run.  I know that pent up energy but it's just trying to trick you.  Be stronger because you'll regret it if you cave. C'mon brother you can fucking do this just be stronger than it..  
Lay off the sugar and caffeine stay away from the energy drinks...Eat bacon. Eat as much bacon as you can possibly stand. No one ever went to rehab or jail for eating bacon...Bacon has a lot of tightly packed nutrients that you probably need to rebuild your endocrine and nervous system with...Eggs are good also but I like bacon...You want to binge? Use bacon. No one will look down on you after you eat too much bacon...Too much sugar really screws with me. Same thing with caffeine. The metabolism pathways for these chemicals are similar to alcohol. That may have something to do with it...Maybe not. I like bacon.
