-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nzqvv/how_do_you_respond_to_friends_lecturing_you_about/

I have a friend who I have known about 7 years that also has a drinking problem. In all the years I knew him he had 6 months sober once and now is going on 2 months sober...In the past when I would try to stop drinking he would always push me to drink with him knowing that I was struggling with stopping. ..Now he is sober almost 2 months and constantly lectures me about my drinking in a tone that makes me feel like he is talking down to me. He tells me all the negative things like im gona be a bum im gona loose my liver or fuck up my life etc. I feel like he is preaching to me with a holier then thou attitude...The last time I spoke to him I was about to start drinking after work and he went on his typical rant and I told him I dont want to talk about my drinking right now cuz its just gona make me more depressed then I already was. He then basically just said then have a good night enjoy your beer and hung up on me as if he was angry...I cant help but feel angry at this person because through all the time I have known him his actions have not showed me he is trying to help. He says things to me now that he is 2 months sober as if he thinks he's helping but I really feel like he is just on his high horse right now. How would you guys feel in this situation?
----------immediate responses--------

Just tell him you're not ready to stop yet.  Remind him that he didn't stop until he was ready and sick and tired of being sick and tired.  You're just not there yet.  Encourage him to stay sober that when/if you decide to do so he'll be there for you.
I'd guess he's insecure in what he's doing and is trying to help himself by running you down. Pretty shitty. He might get over it if he can find some other better ways to support himself. I hope you can let it run off your back and find your own path--and I hope you don't feel like you want to undercut his attempt to not drink even though he's not treating you with much compassion at the moment. 
Assume the best...   He's probably feeling pretty dang good and proud right about now and wants that for you too.  After I quit smoking I was so eager to "help" others see the light because I was so so happy I quit.  Turns out people don't want help unless/until they are asking for it.  I think a frank conversation about "readiness" is in order.  (That would get on my nerves too!!)
After reading this whole thread it makes me wonder if the term "friend" applies to this person.           .It feels better to hang around with people who respect us.
I read a similar story in one of the fitness subs about a guy who used to be overweight and all his friends used to encourage him to eat healthier and exercise. Once he started taking their advice it eventually became a big part of his life. He became a health and fitness buff reading about nutrition in his spare time and following a strict training regimen. Naturally since it was something that he enjoyed and made him feel great and he spent a lot of time doing he wanted to share what he had learned and experienced with his friends -- the same ones who had been encouraging him to get healthy for a long time. But obviously from his friends' perspectives it seemed like he was on a hyper-critical high horse lecturing them for not being as diehard as he was when not too long ago he was completely ignoring their gentle encouragement to improve his life a little bit...I can't say for sure what your friend thinking but I know that during a certain sobre period in my life when I had also quit smoking cigarettes and was eating vegan I *absolutely* looked down on my friends who were still drinking smoking cigarettes and eating unhealthily -- friends that I had known for 10 years including my now-ex-wife. I was one judgemental sunuvabitch. Even if I didn't talk about it all the time I still thought it while I hung out with them. It definitely affected my relationships; I did not enjoy hanging out with them as much anymore. But that didn't bother me -- to me if they weren't willing to ramp it up and take control of their lives (like I felt I was doing) then maybe they weren't worth spending time with...And then I relapsed. I started smoking cigarettes again. And I started drinking again. And I started eating pretty much nothing but pizza. In short I fell off my high horse and I fell *hard*. I went through some really difficult stuff after that (such as the death of my puppy getting evicted and depression). Guess who still had my back through all of it? Those same friends to whom I had been a jerk for so long...But actually now that I think of it even though it was my decision to start those unhealthy behaviours again (drinking smoking and junk food) and I take full responsibility for my choices none of my friends ever said anything; they just more or less welcomed me back into the proverbial fold of poor living. So actually looking back now my life would have been different if I had found a new group of people to hang out with. Maybe I would not have relapsed. Or maybe the relapse would have happened anyway but then I would not have had the support of my long-time friends. Or who knows. No use playing the "what if?" game. The past is the past. The present is the present. And right now I'm doing just fine thanks...tl;dr At points in my life I have been like your high-horse friend and I would have been angry at me too.
