-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o1gbp/not_sure_what_to_do_with_myself_at_a_conference/

im at a conference for the week the kind where people drink alot (all conferences i've been to are like that?) in the past i've either been the drunkest one at these things or competing hard for the title... feeling like the life of the party and looking to earn yet another title of 'legend' for some drunken antic that in reality is king jackass. i miss being outgoing which i struggle with without the booze but i'm glad i'm about ready to go to sleep peacefully and not have to worry about getting arrested waking up in a drunk tank spending a bunch of money i don't have and spending the better part of tomorrow recovering and putting together the pieces while i prepare to do it all again. what i remember as outgoing is probably more like obnoxious so i don't even know what i miss.....And yet this fucking disease the urge to do it is right there to throw it away...I Kept it away today by working my program and saying some prayers and that worked ok. just needed to this that off my chest that helps alot too. heres to another 24...-FUGS
----------immediate responses--------

Good job not drinking today. Now you're entitled to some well-deserved smug superiority when everyone else looks and feels like shit tomorrow. That's going to feel good. (:
Well done that's fuggin' awesome!.
can you find an AA/ smart recovery mtg?
&gt; the urge to do it is right there to throw it away.....I personify that "throw it all away" feeling as the morbid part of me that would love to see my life go crashing down in flames hurting everyone I know destroying all my prior efforts to build a foundation for a better future and watching me die a painful death that I brought about through my own weakness. Dark right? But it's a part of me and actually what I wish most is that we could just be friends...I want to give that sinister person inside me a big hug and apologize to him for all the bad things in life that happened to him that he couldn't control; and to forgive him for all the bad things in life that he was the cause of and that hurt me and other people. In the oscar-winning scene in my mind he starts crying we embrace he lets all his past go and from then on everything would be fine. More probable though is that he would just sucker punch me in the gonads and laugh. That little jerk...The point is you can't confront something you can't see. You've recognized that feeling today and you were able to keep it away. Good on you! Without a doubt as long as you really want to (and 258 days says you really really want to) you can and will be able to contain it for the rest of your week...My new mantra is simple but not easy: just. don't. drink.
