-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o2q9g/holy_shit_also_chocolate/

I wasn't going to write a new posting today just dropped a comment about my first full week sober in another thread. But now I have to even if it just serves as a reminder to myself...I was going to the supermarket after work. While I was playing Sudoku on the bus home the thought to buy a sixpack occured to me pretty much out of nowhere. It was nothing I planned it felt kind of like a reflex. My flu has been subsiding and I've been feeling reasonably good physically since right after my first coffee. That feeling usually means "drinking" for me I suppose even though I have never been aware of it as an actual trigger for me to go buy alcohol. I mean it's always been either a daily back and forth between binge and hangover... or when I had work the next day it meant "just don't drink as much as on the weekend" so I could still work the next day but feel like shit pretty much for the first half of the day...So today I felt better and immediately I got the "get a drink" reflex. But I didn't even actually consider doing it for more than the 2 or 3 seconds it surprised me. I went right to "nope". In retrospect this is HUGE for me. Because realistically about 90-95% of the time I've felt this reflex or this urge I have succumbed to it. Even most of the time when it was a bad idea. I don't know if this counts as a craving because it was so easy to push away and ignore and that has NEVER been easy for me before. Now that I write about and reflect on it I'm really going "holy shit" inside. This really is big. It feels a bit like I haven't just been "talking smack" about quitting to just give up at the first minor obstacle like I would've expected of myself in regards to drinking...In the supermarket and on the way home I felt this small hint of... I don't wanna call it "happiness" but it sure felt like a tiny little slice of it and it felt a little unfamiliar... like I hadn't felt something like it in a long time. That may sound really cheesy or trite but it's actually my honest attempt to describe it. I can't even place the feeling i.e. I'm not entirely sure if this small amount of resisting the booze caused it or the fact that I finally started an important project at work but for the first time in these last 8 days I think something may very slowly be changing about me. I can't really grasp it yet but I like it...This all sounds very wishy-washy and confusing to me right now. Anyway I bought 3 bars of chocolate because I saw it recommended here in several comments. I struggled with the decision for a few seconds because I am already uncomfortably overweight thanks to the excess calories from the booze and my mostly unhealthy eating habits but people here say that anything goes for the first few weeks. I can start counting calories and eating better once I've been sober for a while; right now it's about not drinking and if chocolate helps I'll give it a try...Seems like I can't not do "wall of texts" in this subreddit. Even when I just want to drop a few quick lines to share something small it ends up like this. Oh well :-)..Thanks for listening. I know exactly where I'd be without this place and I'm so glad I'm somewhere else...And now I'm gonna play some Skyrim.
----------immediate responses--------

Great way to handle your craving. Just talk back to it in a reasonable tone.
Way to go! That's you creating new reflexes. Awesome.
&gt;In the supermarket and on the way home I felt this small hint of... I don't wanna call it "happiness" but it sure felt like a tiny little slice of it and it felt a little unfamiliar... like I hadn't felt something like it in a long time..I call these "spark moments" ..:) Great job
This is not wishy washy. I know how you feel about the instinct to drink being so strong you do it without thinking. It just totally bypasses the rational mind. ..This is going to help me today so thank you and congrats. 
Good on resisting that reflex. One of the things to consider is that even though yes losing weight would be a good goal further out your body is currently adapting to the loss of regular intake of alcohol which is an energy source. A few candy bars won't kill you in the short term. ..Also videogames were a good substitute for drinking for me; of course I played them when I was drunk too but not as well. Your game should improve. Just try not to take an arrow to the knee!
I bought a 30 pack of halloween chocolate on Saturday.  Lasted me 3 days...Whelp!...Great job and a huge accomplishment.  
Good for you.  I like that you felt "a tiny slice" of "happiness."
Pride...You felt pride...And you should. That's a tough war you're fighting and you're winning.
