-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ocu5q/multiple_relapses_lead_to_multiple_suicide/

Hi stopdrinking..This is my first post here and I'm happy to have found this place. I feel caught between a rock and a hard place in regard to living sober. ..I relapsed last year after putting together two and a half years of sobriety with the help of AA. I moved from the midwest to the Bible Belt and felt (and still feel) very alienated and out-of-reality in the AA meetings where I live. No matter how many meetings I've been to here I usually leave feeling very flat or worse irritated. ..I've had men pound their fists on the table and shout "you have no faith" because I've shared about my difficulties with the third step/Higher Power concept. AA here seems to be centered on two topics: 1. how strong one's faith is and 2. how great one's life is now that s/he is sober. Dammit I want to hear about what happens when we drink and why we shouldn't. ..After my first relapse (a year ago) I went back to a few meetings but was mostly angry. My relapse led to nothing really except my own anger and confusion about my relationship to drinking (I had a six pack over a few hours went to bed and didn't drink again for another six months or so)...Enter the second major relapse. I say "major" because a few times here and there I had a drink (alone hiding) and left it at that. However that has in the past five months resulted in two nights where I drank a few bottles of wine and during a blackout took a bottle of Ativan (the first time) and a bottle of Xanax plus a bottle of Valium (second time two weeks ago). Both times I was hospitalized and then sent to a psych hospital for a few days...I'm lucky. I am a professional who hasn't lost my job (nor does anyone know besides my family and counselors and S.O.) and I didn't do any significant damage to myself. When I got home from the hospital two weeks ago I felt ready and willing and grateful for the opportunity to change. I took a long walk in the woods and asked the sky for something anything to keep my open-minded and kind and went to a meeting. I left that meeting pissy and offended. It's not just the meetings around here that have bothered me; now it's so much of the AA schematics themselves. The carrot-or-stick white chip/medallion aspect. The clapping. The pity and smug and binary thinking. Etc. I know that the people in the rooms have nothing but good intentions but my brain just can't turn off its critical thinking function when I'm in meetings or afterwards for hours until I'm worked up and neglecting other responsibilities like editing a pile of work or what have you. Which just makes me want to escape. .Anyone ever read David Foster Wallace's accounts of AA in Infinite Jest? Like that to a T...I work and live in an area where drinking is the go-to choice for socializing and  as a pretty extreme introvert (when I'm sober that is) I mostly avoid going out altogether choosing instead to work spend time with my live-in S.O. take walks read whatever. Which is fine. But I'm worried about continuing to live in a liminal agnostic place forever and about not having a community with whom I can share the urge and craving and fucked up cognitive distortions when they happen. Which at the meetings I'm going to are met with "keep coming back." ..Oh and I am in counseling and see a psychiatrist and eat healthily and all that good-for-you jazz...Sorry for the rant. & thanks to anyone who sat through that. ..TL;DR: try to kill myself when drinking but can stay sober for long stretches burned out on AA.....EDIT: for clarity
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe look for a AA alternative in your area? AA probably isn't the only game in your town. I completely agree with your take on AA I went to one meeting and walked out. It obviously works for many but nothing is 100% for everybody.Best of luck to you and use this forum for help when you need. Good people in here.
If you dislike AA and get nothing out of it then don't go to AA. What is the problem? 
The assumption at meetings when listening to people communicating in "fucked up cognitive distortions" is that a stretch of sobriety is all that's needed to straiten that s*** out. For many that's enough for those circular negative patterns to fall away not for all though. Ask your councilor for tools to aid you in your thinking patterns. I too live in the Bible Belt and attend meetings with very staunch "Believers". I'm an atheist and I stay sober. It's all about what works for me. My sobriety doesn't depend on what other people depend on. When I pray I know that I am the only one who listens and I learn a lot that way. My higher power is That Which Is Real. So much more power there than in my old way of denial and self justification.
Perhaps there are meetings a bit further out that you haven't visited that may be helpful? Maybe there is someone in the meetings that fits your ideals with respect to how you want to live what you are going through how you want to be treated and are trustworthy? If so you may wish to pull them aside and build up a 1 on 1 relationship. Often there are small groups of people that meet in their homes outside of AA meetings. I seem to get more out of a small group of like minded people than a large fragmented group. For me it's all about the connection I have with the individuals and feeling comfortable with them. I thrive in those types of environments where I can openly communicate share my feelings and receive positive reinforcement / tailored help from people that care. I hope you find a solution whether that be in AA or not it would be nice for you to live happily.
have you tried Health Realization?  It really worked for me.
Gay male 'atheist' here who got sober through AA in the Bible Belt...I had to accept the help given on the terms that it was given.  I too went to meetings where Jesus seemed to be the only topic and left angry frustrated and critical...What I came to realize is that the folks who I was going to meetings with came from a very different cultural background from me and were translating the Twelve Steps into a  language that they could understand.  I had to do the same and re-translate what I was hearing into something comprehensible to my own framework...I also had to realize that AA is not exactly a model of sanity and that most people who I was listening to had a warped sense of reality.  They were extremists of one sort or another.  So was I.  Again I had to translate what I was hearing into 'my' language.  What I had to start listening for was serenity courage and hope.  When I found these attributes I approached these people after the meeting and asked them to expand their statements.  When I heard twisted fearful defeatist ranting I avoided the people who voiced these thoughts no matter how hard they tried to corner me and convince me to take a ride on their crazy train...More importantly I had to unlisten to the trash talk I heard and not take it with me when I left the meeting.  I once had someone say "I hear what I need to stay sober at one meeting a week.  However I never know which meeting I'll hear it so I have to go to seven."  Take what you need and leave the rest...You are correct however in interpreting 'keep coming back' as the AA version of 'bless your heart.'  Ignore it...I hope you can find a way to ask 'the sky' for the missing elements in your recovery.  "Show me how to live" is a good prayer for me and it doesn't matter to me too much Who or What answers that prayer as long as I get a response.
[deleted]
I've been active in AA for years; and prior to a hellish 7 year lapse 15 years before that too. My relapse involved the  loss of a professional license and a short federal prison stint etc. now concluded.  I attend AA meetings at which drunks insane people relapsers winos wet brains suicidal sorts all congregate and try to make sense of the wreckage of their pasts and formulate a plan to stay sober for another day.  Usually foolish inane and ridiculous shit is spouted often by those with some sobriety who should know better but usually by the newly sober.  Sometimes miracles happen among these folks and the lunatics actually begin to make sense.  Some of the newly sober recover and obtain prestigious employment and careers and accomplish great and worthy things.   ..I don't like to talk about others but when I read your post I though of my friend M.  I met M 25 years ago.  She was a bust out barmaid who couldn't keep a job even at the bar where she regularly slept with the owner.  When M got sober she began to run with me and a bunch of other folks including my godfather a renowned photographic illustrator and former owner of an Irish pub.  She worked as a photographic assistant at little or no pay and worked to get herself reinstated at the college that had dismissed her for academic non-performance. I lost track of M. until a year ago when I was chairing a noon businessman's luncheon downtown and she popped up on my facebook feed.  I asked her if she would lead for me during the coming month and she agreed on a date and time.  On the designated day she delivered a very short 15 min. "lead" telling her story just as I started to summarize--bust out barmaid; to where she is now a distinguished professor of medicine doing cancer research at one of the world's leading medical schools.  My friend M had via that simple minded cliche` ridden binary program of recovery transformed herself into Dr. M.  ..Depression is a terrible disorder; as I recall it claimed the life of David Foster Wallace.  Don't let it claim you.  Good luck and thanks for your post.
Atheist here as well so I understand AA can be difficult. I like to put my own program together whether its a memoir of addiction or writing all my craziness down on paper or just going for a walk by myself outside to mull things over. One of my best friends always says "take what you want and leave the rest" I also do yoga and meditation to clear my head. Whatever gives me insight and motivation and peace in my head that keeps me from taking that drink is part of my own program. Best of luck to you you can do this!
Start your own meeting.  Search out other agnostics/atheists/disaffected ( there have to be some back sliders there).  ..You may want to start quietly rather than announce you are looking for a few godless men and women....but then again.
Are there any [LifeRing](http://lifering.org/) meetings in your area? I've really liked those so far.
I've had the same problems with AA.  I'm an Atheist and every time someone mentions God or prayer I cringe.  To get around this I've found my own meaning in steps and prayers.  For example when someone talks about turning their will over to God I tell myself that for me all it means is that I have to realize what's in my control and what isn't.  And for prayer I see it more as Meditation focusing my mind on something important...At the end of the day people at an AA meeting are there for the same reason as me.  They want to stay sober and so do I.  That collective focus really helps me to stay sober...There are also other sorts of meetings: SMART Lifering Rational Recovery.  And this sub has been very helpful for me.
