-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ol2xb/party_cycle_depression_and_how_to_get_out/

Recently hit a new low and had a realization that I need to become a new person that is sober and in control...Got a new job which I started this week so I basically spent all last week wasted and partying as a final transition from college to working life (rationalization).  So far I have spent this week feeling so depressed and pessimistic about myself.  I haven't felt these feelings since I was a teenager struggling with depression.  The type of feeling where you are constantly holding back tears for basically no reason.  This is so unlike me as I am usually really motivated with improving myself becoming the best form of myself possible focusing on my music family and friends.  The end of my party week resulted in multiple days blacked out a completely drained bank account (spent a few hundred dollars over a few days on drugs and alcohol and cover fees for clubs/after parties/after hours).  This isn't the first week I've had like this and its not the first time I've felt depressed after but this was the worst low I have ever felt.  All I really gained from this week is creating a terrible new set of habits and breaking all my old productive habits which has taken me months to create...in just a week I have interrupted my habit of making music every day meditating writing reading working out participating in "nofap" (lol).  I realized that the party cycle I had developed over these past few years is more harmful than beneficial.  The cycle of working on developing productive habits Monday - Thursday than basically binge drinking irresponsible partying taking drugs Thursday night - Sunday morning conflict each other and leaves me feeling conflicted about myself.  Damaging myself followed by trying to improve myself followed by undoing all progress left me feeling bad about myself.  I am involved in my local areas electronic music community and have no intention on not going out hanging out in different areas or getting new friends but the fact of the matter this is a me issue not a them issue.  Not everyone at these music events is doing what I am doing.  People can actually go out and have a few beers OR even go out sober just to talk to people and hear good music.  I did some writing and realized I have everything I need to be one of these type of people.  I can totally see myself being like this and not like how I was.  Today it became so obvious to me the difference between responsible "partying" and socializing and abuse with the cover up label of partying/socializing.  Crafting and forming the best possible version of yourself is not a part time job. ..I feel like I am starting to ramble.  But I wanted to make the point that the party cycle habit I had developed which I think other people might have too gets you absolutely nowhere.  Take a step forward then take a step back and so on.  And often times the step backs are bigger than the steps forward (for example spending a few hundred dollars a weeks pay on alcohol and drugs in 72 hours).  It will make you feel bad about yourself.  For those of you that feel depressed and have a similar cycle think about this.  Also it is so easy write the day off after a night of partying as a recovery day.  So one night of partying turns into 2 days of nothing.  Because you will feel so shitty tired and drained the day after you are perfectly okay with not working on meditation reading music health/fitness developing relationships and be totally okay with just smoking pot browsing reddit and facebook for hours which in turn makes you feel more depressed because you're not doing shit or going anywhere so to speak.  Humans are designed to improve themselves and concur their environment and not doing so will make you feel bad!  It's not easy but the easy way out will make you feel like shit.  I know it can be hard but I am realizing that the hard way is really the only way.  It's basically a decision of "do I want to help myself or hurt myself?"  Every decision basically comes down to up or down.  totally had realized this cycle I had going on in my life the past few years and what its effect was on me.  Hopefully some of you can relate to this.
----------immediate responses--------

We're the same person......fuckin weird man
Sounds like you are admitting you have a problem and want to make a change good for you!..Smart Recovery is a good place to start and end this cycle...http://www.smartrecovery.org/..Being sober I have been able to have the type of personal growth that you are talking about and my life is infinitely better and more stable you are in for a great adventure!..Don't be a stranger!
Having a productive day after a night out is a big deal.  This was huge for me.  Days that were my "recovery" days have now become days I get things done.  Or happily goof off but either way being present in the moment with a clear head.  It's a wonderful feeling.  Not to mention the money you save.  My sobriety was like giving myself a huge raise.
The bad news is that that kind of "new low" only gets worse when you continue to drink. That deep sense of depression gets worse and more frequent. ..However some people that abuse alcohol don't cross the line into alcohol dependence (which has more to do with drinking behaviors than physiology). You need to figure out where you stand. Do you feel as though you're an alcoholic or you're at risk of being a future alcoholic? ..I highly suggest you take a break from drinking to develop new habits and gain some sort of emotional stability...I only say these things because your first paragraph is me to a T. I've had periods of sobriety followed by drinking binges that end in me lying in bed for days at a time obsessing over suicide etc. I'm 22 years old and already crossed the line into dependence... it happens. ..Sorry if this came off as preachy or it wasn't necessarily the response you were looking for. But if you wanna talk feel free to PM me whenevas. ..Good luck!
Hey there. Your life sounds like my life. Mon Tues Weds Thursday until 6PM I'm a saint. I read I work I'm productive I go to the gym I make music I feel good. Come Thursday 6PM I'll go out for dinner with my GF or friends and end up getting trashed every time because who cares if you're hungover on Friday huh? But the thing is I'll feel shitty on Friday so to make myself feel better I might have a beer at lunch because HEY IT'S FRIDAY! So then I'll go out and get totally wasted and black out Friday night BECAUSE I CAN. Wake up Saturday having spent  100 not remembering the last few hours of the night. Did I argue with someone? Did I make a fool of my self? Regret. Why can't I just go out and have fun sober or even with a couple of drinks? Saturday rinse repeat. Sunday let's get some wine to push back this hangover. Monday morning hits and I'm a mess of depression anxiety and self loathing. ..This weekend I did all of that to a T but this Monday was different I decided that I never want to do it again and here I am on day 4 feeling good ready to take on this weekend. ..As you say what's the point in making all that progress in the week to just lose it over the weekend? 
