-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1omkw9/can_counting_days_backfire/

I've met a few sober folks who refuse to keep track of how long it's been since they've had a drink.  In my experience they tend to be people with several years sober and often people who are very active in recovery so it's not like they're in denial or anything like that...Sometimes I think people might be better off not counting days.  As we all know a lot of people reach a nice round number like 30 or 100 and suddenly start thinking they should reward themselves with a drink.  And then there are those people who rack up a lot of time relapse and are so overwhelmed by the feeling of needing to start over that they dread getting back on the wagon to start at day one...Any opinions on this?  I am not trying to offend anyone or talk anybody out of counting their days -- I'm just wondering if anyone else has considered it.
----------immediate responses--------

If it wasn't for the counter on this subreddit I would have no idea how many days I have been sober. I can only imagine how it would feel if I gave in to temptation and had to reset the counter. It would take a long time to get it that high again and that can be quite discomforting. My counter says something like 983 days but for me it's always day 1. It seems too challenging to stop drinking for 983 days so I'm only going to worry about today. I will not drink today.
Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game..--Donald Trump..I could say the same thing about obsessing on the # of days.
I'd guess everyone's different. I lurked and had stopped drinking before I posted or treated myself to a nifty badge. Fear of failure/commitment probably keeping an out for myself all the usual suspects. Then I monitored it closely after a while not so much...Probably goes hand in hand with how you feel about not drinking at any given time. If drinking (the whole idea of it not actually consuming alcohol) isn't at the front of my consciousness I can go days without noticing the number. In fact I didn't notice the eight month click over til a couple days after...That really didn't answer your question though did it? Probably totally an individual thing is the only reasonable answer. Also past a certain point say three months the idea of rewarding myself with a drink has never seriously occurred to me. I now understand exactly what the consequences are and I never want to go back there. 
I wouldn't know how many days I had if I didn't have this counter.  And I wouldn't ever remember the date if it didn't happen to be Super Bowl Sunday.  The counter did mean a lot to me early on.  It can be a powerful motivation/reward tool.  But after a while I just sorta stopped thinking about it.  Maybe you will too.  Give it some time &amp; see. 
Counting or not counting is a moot point. If it helps great. If it doesn't don't. The bottom line if you want to be sober want recovery you'll do it numbers or not...Consider that we celebrate anniversaries and birthdays. Why count those?
I think it depends on the person. I had a counselor who didn't count his days because it reminded him of the last time he used. But someone like me there were times that thinking of some of the milestones markers acted as a huge motivator.  
I look forward to milestones but do my best to live in the moment.  You hear "One Day At A Time" a lot for a reason.  I've noticed my best stretches have been when I'm so busy enjoying life I don't have time to think about how many days it's been....I'd also create an idea of where I think I should be at a certain point.  Inevitably I'd fall short then beat myself up.  I'd say take it easy.  Focus on what's in front of you.  This recovery process takes its own amount of time.
I think it helps me at least in these early days. It would be easy to try and have one drink to be social on a special occasion for whatever other excuse I could come up with. After all I'm not falling off the wagon it's just to keep up appearances blah blah blah...If I don't have that first drink I can't black out after that second bottle...I feel like if I even had a sip I would feel my badge would have to start over. That's a significant deterrent for me I'm shooting for a "high score" on the "/r/stopdrinking game". Though I'm hoping over time it will come to mean less as "the game" becomes so easy that I don't really care about "the score".
[deleted]
As I was getting close to a month I thought: "Why not see if I can do three?". Now with only 9 to go before I'm there I'm seriously thinking about not drinking for the rest of the year or even spending my thirty-eighth year sober (my birthday's next Monday :-)..So I treat the counter as a reminder of what I can do not as some self-imposed limitation - but it did start out that way.
I kept serious count at the beginning. These days I'm not against it as much as I don't do it. Because something hundreds is a lot harder to remember than 306090 and because my life just doesn't run like that anymore. I know my sobriety date and I see my counter occasionally but otherwise I don't care. I think when it stopped being "out of drinking" and I started living "into a new life" (which is the best way I can describe my spiritual experience) the days didn't matter as much. 
All the people with significant time I know personally know their date and celebrate their anniversary every year but as far as counting days goes when I was young in sobriety it was a point of pride for me however I was clear with myself and had people constantly reminding that those days don't mean shit if I drink and that no amount of time will give me the ability to take a drink. So counting days early on was fairly powerful for me but I can see what you mean.
In actuality I was sober for 15 years (May 1986-Sept 2001) and I lost track of how long I was sober.  I think not keeping tabs on how long I was sober was a tiny but real factor in my relapse in this sense: I stopped being accountable on a daily basis.  
Everyone is different...You know how when someone has a baby the baby is 3 days old then a week old then 3 weeks old then 18 months then 3 years old... ..It's been like that. At first I counted days then weeks now years. I remember my sober day as if it's another birthday. But as I've gotten further from it I don't count hours or days...But some people do better just getting through each day one at a time without thinking about yesterday or tomorrow and that's ok too.
