-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ommbq/wide_awake/

Of all the transitions that come with sobriety this has got to be one of the most challenging aspects...I don't know about y'all I was *always* drunk when I "went to sleep." Sure I did my day drinking (all too often) but the nights oh man the nights were when I would simply go to sleep when my body was done with alcohol for the night or when I was blacked out or right after I'd stuffed myself with junk food/fast food...It's so different now...I'm back to doing things in the evening that I truly do enjoy but going to sleep is so difficult! I know I'm making it worse on myself by drinking soda or tea during the day but it's important for me to have some sort of vice while I'm at home in these beginning stages. ..I just have all this energy in these first few days. It's fucking great how much stuff I've been getting done and how many people I've been catching up with (I can't believe how much of myself and my world I was neglecting)...It's just different...I'm not complaining I'm just trying to make the transition as smooth as possible without overwhelming myself and part of the transition is getting back to a bedtime and wake up time. Part of the territory I guess. I'm so excited for the night when I get into bed exhausted and fall asleep simply because I'm tired...How many of my fellow /stopdrinking peers are having difficulty with this part of the transition? Anybody that's been sober for a while still struggle with it?..(Also for the record getting into a nice comfy bed with down pillows and a down comforter and my cat at my toes...it's all something I was taking for granted. It's such a great fucking feeling)...Last thing I've submitted this to the Mods but I slipped over the weekend so my new badge will be for Sunday October 13th.
----------immediate responses--------

I think that's pretty normal your body is just recalibrating. You might try switching to decaf drinks I drink gallons of iced tea but only decaf. Otherwise I'm scraping myself off the ceiling...Have you heard of ASMR? Not everyone responds to it but if you do it's a great sleep aid. Here's a link about it and there's a sub reddit too...http://www.vice.com/read/asmr-the-good-feeling-no-one-can-explain..
I too was ALWAYS drunk before bed. I couldn't sleep without drinking. For me the first 2-3 weeks of sobriety were the worst for trying to sleep. I tried to limit my caffeine but I was a coffee/soda monster too. My best advice is to try some melatonin and watch mellow TV (like a light documentary as opposed to something action-packed) and ride this phase through. 
It's weird. Toward the end of my drinking it started getting to the point where it was keeping me up. I would be up till 6am or later everyday. It was like Id leveled up as an alcoholic and I could ONLY fall asleep earlier than that if I got black out drunk. It sucked. Over the last 1.5 weeks it's slowly becoming normal again. I know it's crazy but I find falling asleep by 3am a major victory and improvement in my life. Getting up out of bed in the A.M. makes me feel like I'm a real human. I find myself yawning lately by midnight. It's something very foreign to me. ..*GOD* I was fucked up.....
JBH said he used Benadryl for about a month so I'm trying that and it helps.  From what I've read here the sleep issues go away soon.
