-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ovbcq/unexpected_losses_in_sobriety/

Last week a friend that I met in 2009 through a professional recovery meeting took a fatal mix of pills and alcohol according to friends closer to the situation than I am.  I was pretty stunned at losing this friend in recovery.  When last I caught up with my friend Jim he had achieved 7 years of continuous sobriety and seemed to have been on a solid path.  I knew he was struggling with relationship problems and problems with unpaid tax obligations; and I had not seen Jim at the downtown meetings where I was accustomed to seeing him.  ..So near the end of last week I was thinking about the unexpected losses. Many men and women I've known in recovery have relapsed and many have died.  Two of my former partners died directly from various addiction related causes.  My closest friend in business found at his computer with a needle in his arm.  Another guy  I know who sat facing me across a table at my 24-hour sobriety club hung himself.  ..I stopped drinking because I knew with absolute certainty that if I continued I would kill myself.  I certainly contemplated it.  On the outside people who know me and who knew Jim assumed we were friendly and optimistic people.  They did not know about the professional reversals the pressure of business obligations the pain of personal relationships and when I relapsed they did not know how close to the edge I really was...No big insight here SD just that the unexpected loss of my friend Jim reminds me that for many of us for me stopping drinking is about life and death.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry for your loss. I too have lost friends to the demon drink! Hopefully it strengthens our resolve. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Addiction is a powerful disease and a relapse can be deadly.
My brother who struggled with alcohol for much of his life committed suicide in his 20s while under the influence. Congratulations to OP and everyone else out there on all their progress whether it's 24 hours or 24 years! And remember tomorrow is always a new day...
Sorry for your losses and thank you for the thought provoking post. 
Apologies for your loss. It's a difficult yet important reminder of what does happen to some with this disease. Thank you for posting this because I know I forget the very serious side of the disease all too often. Again I'm sorry for such a blow to your community.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I just lost my uncle--suicide by lifestyle basically. (told he'd die if he drank again he drank died a week later). It just sucks. 
pink and green. 
Thanks for your post I am sorry for your losses.       .Suicide both active and passive is something I have seen too much of also.  It is something we often do not speak of for a variety of reasons not the least of which is that it is really scary.       ..In recovery I have learned to embrace and love life but there is darkness still in some of the sub basements of my psyche.   If anything it reminds me that I must continue to reach out as that is the only way to let light in.
/u/coolcrosby thank you for your post.  One of the sayings I've been hearing at meetings recently is "Sometimes you have to step over the bodies to get to your seat."  This post is a great reminder that I don't want to be one of the ones stepped over.  Thank you.
You can get sober but there still remain the pain and problems of life. I have great compassion for people who take their lives; they must have been suffering terribly. Even when I was most unhappy in life I always felt that things would surely get better if I kept going. Imagine losing that hope it must be terrible...I'm sorry for the loss of your friend.
[deleted]
