-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1oy5gf/anyone_else_dealing_with_a_drinking_problem_and/

I am currently living sober (used to smoke and drink quit both at about the same time) but struggling with binge eating disorder. Is there.anyone else in a similar situation who can speak to the experience? One of the things I find hardest is that so many resources for quitting drinking suggest eating sweets to curb cravings but for me eating candy or junk food often starts a binge. I listened to this thing on NPR yesterday which was interesting and sorta validating if not explicitly helpful: http://www.npr.org/2013/10/20/236950670/comedian-faces-his-addictions-to-food-and-alcohol#.It made me want to talk to some people in the same boat.
----------immediate responses--------

I actually read the Jezebel article he wrote. It's very humorous and a very honest look at his patterns. I do know some people who have found a lot of help through OA. I wish I could give you first hand experience and/or knowledge but I only know through others. Sorry I'm not more help. Good for you for starting a discussion though!
A bit different--I'm a recovered anorexic but I still deal with body dysmorphia and restrictive eating habits. My advice is to see a therapist. It really really helps to start addressing the underlying issues.  .  .Restricting can set me off on a binge. Being sober can set off a starvation diet. It's an algebra of control issues! I do my best to eat normally and keep an eye out for signs of disordered eating. I also am really working on the feelings that led to both of these issues.  .  .Some people can eat a lot of carbs. Some people can diet. Some people can drink alcohol. Some people can't do some or any of these things. You don't have to worry about how other people do things just do what is healthy for you. Take care!
I just heard that too! When I quit drinking I also went vegan. I'm sure that seems crazy to most people but for me it was helpful to control the things I could control and try and let the rest of life move through me if that makes sense. I *did* binge on sweets and junk at first but I don't do that much anymore because I'm now addicted to feeling good healthy and energized. Research ways to reprogram your brain's relationship with food. You can reset your food desires and your body's metabolism by cutting out lots of processed food. ..I'm not a doctor and have never binged on food in a way I would consider harmful. At the heaviest point in my life I weighed about 22lbs more than I do now. According to the fancy little BMI thinger (that probably isn't the best measure anymore) I was not over weight and am not currently under weight for my height. I did however feel pretty uncomfortable. Looking back it was quite like stuffing sausage into a very small casing. Not healthy.  I was drinking every day and eating massive amounts of meat fat and cheese. So I feel much much better now but it does take time. I really considered the challenge of getting and staying sober as a small part of a greater challenge to love and care for my body. Cheese is still a huge battle for me and I slip up. I try not to kick myself about it and just keep pushing! Congrats on 166 days!
Yes! A million times yes! I did an IOP for chemical dependency this summer and am about to begin another IOP for my eating disorder. Let me know if you'd like to talk. ..Xox
I thought I was alone. I've been binge/purging..Edit: someone please pm me.... I feel like I'm a user again but without the drugs
My psychiatrist once told me I was binging on simple carbs and sugar to get a spike of serotonin (similar to cutting). He adjusted my SSRI and it helped cut down the urges...Not saying that is the case with you but if you have a doctor you may want to discuss.
Yes. ..I ended up cutting out sugar wheat and dairy at 90 days. .Cigarettes left at around day 60. ..The food thing drove me crazy eat what you want it'll calm down. Realizing my reaction to some foods is the same as my reaction to booze and I used the same tools. Abstinence helped enormously...Recovery has required a significant shift in all areas and I needed additional support to my recovery program. ...It's been a big year of standing still during change. Everything is different.  I am different...My surface life looks the. Same. ..*pm me anytime. 
Yep. I am recovering from an eating disorder and alcoholism. I am a few months free of symptoms from the eating disorder. I'm at a healthy weight for my height and go through HUGE swings in hating and loving my body...Please feel free to PM me.
