-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1p1xog/noticed_my_badge_was_highly_inaccurate_while/

Came back here a few days ago upon my latest attempt and noticed I could have been over two hundred days in if I had hung in there.  Reset to last Sunday my first sober day in months.  .A few months ago I was fed up with my life essentially and decided this year I was going to visit my family in Florida by way of bicycle I live in Minnesota. This was not drunken ridiculousness I bike everywhere and bought a ton of gear for the journey. So I gave two months notice and began planning and saving. Departure day came and I had my SO drop me off at the Mississippi river to begin the journey.  It was exciting and scary  but was looking forward to it. Most people thought I was crazy.  Maybe so..Before my wheels had even left the town I started from I had picked up a traveler of whisky and threw it in the pannier. I also had a quarter of pot with me ooooh was this going to be fun! I thought.  .It was fun the first night I paid for a great site and had an amazing time the second night I was forced to stealth camp in a place one should not attempt to drag a bicycle with a hundred pounds attached to it and basically swam in poison ivy.  The next day an uncharted five hundred foot climb was all I could muster on account of my energy being depleted from alcohol. I camped i a state park for two might while some shitty weather blew through but I could have rode through had I packed the right gear i the right state of mind.  The following day my SO decided to come down and get us a room and I was contemplating returning home because two days of sitting in a hammock allowed me to do the math.  .I had not saved enough planned enough or packed the right gear and the gear I did pack was too much.  Backtracking ten miles to the river crossing I decided to head down the other side because of terrain I had not anticipated ahead of me so I had her get the room on the Iowan side.  Two huge climbs that day were nothing because of the thought of a warm bath and comfortable bed with my lady.  At this point I had gone through the whiskey and then some and a couple six packs and all the pot was gone. Still while in the room I skimmed the fat off my gear and put it in a bag for the lady to take home I was ready to carry on. We had a great night and the next morning she shuttled me down a days travel to make up for the loss the past couple days but fear and anxiety caused me to say screw it just before I was about to get out and resume the trip.  I said lets go home.  Four hours later I was back at home and feeling pathetic. I still regret turning back..The facts were the facts though I was not going to make it how I was going. I needed to fix some things first. Two weeks went by with the same habits and self loathing and I did not even call my employer to return. Could not bear the shame.  It wasn't a real job anyway low under the table pay for life endangering work without benefits. thoughts of suicide grew stronger.  .The bag I got when I returned ran out and I decided to not get another.  I decided to quit drinking too but my daily consumption made it dangerous to quit cold turkey and I found myself drinking to save my life while I tapered it off for three days.  Then came last Sunday my first sober day in a long time.  .The thing is: last Friday I was settled on quitting and like times in the past good things began pouring in like magic upon that determination and I suddenly was interviewing for a position that would be better for my peace of mind and last Monday was told I got the position.  Yesterday (Tuesday) I did the paperwork..Also I dropped back down to a very low carb diet as I have before.  So now we have three things on the list for reparation and to hopefully get the most dramatic result.  There is one other personal destructive behavior that is also going out the window. .Although the weekend while not getting all my medicine was tough and I was ornery this week thus far has been great with the exception of something new in my life a migraine each day. Last night I was awakened with one. I am going to figure that it is a result of such drastic measures all at once and sally forth. They are not very severe and if they do not cease I will adjust my diet back some and see.  .The new job starts officially in a few days my mind is clearing up my attitude is improving quickly and despite entering a MN winter when I did not plan to things are looking better. .With all the gear I bought the next attempt will be in the spring and it will be planned better financed better and it will not feel like an escape. .Having always felt like a slingshot being drawn back with potential to fly far and wide but resisting letting go I feel confident these measures will result in a measurable increase in the quality of life until then. .I have a loving partner hopefully a decent job and time.  So I woke up with a throbbing head at least it wasn't crushing anxiety on the contrary it was comfortable to pass it off as a healing symptom and with a little jazz and ibiprophin I was back to sleep until this morning SHOCKER!  .Of course I will monitor the headaches and other symptoms (I have a prolapsed mitrovalve and generally hang around stage 2 hypertension) these things I know will only get worse if the change is not followed through. I also have a brother that is working on the same issues and we are having good talks.  Thanks for the optimistic posts here they will assist greatly in the endeavor although some of the tragic stories like relapses after seven years are disheartening it is clear that those seven years are not lost.  Hopefully the next time my badge reads over two hundred it will be accurate. Thanks guys!..TL;DR  Foiled a bicycle tour which was more like a escape plan due to addictions but there is certainly light at the end of the tunnel.  .
----------immediate responses--------

