-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1p54ab/being_sober_isnt_fixing_all_my_problems/

I'm not sure what the point of this ramble is.  It's half pessimistic and half optimistic.  ..Focusing on "not drinking today" is working.  It takes a lot of self-control and so far I've been really good about avoiding temptation.  I even stopped living the life of a drinker and avoid "drinking is the focus" events.  I'm a natural introvert and alcoholism "forced" me to be social.  I'm not in any danger of relapsing...Ironically I don't miss the social side of drinking.  I really miss drinking by myself until I can't feel.  It was such a powerful coping mechanism. Or at least a powerful way to defer negative feelings to another day.  Now I have to experience emotions all the time like a normal person.  I always had this off-switch albeit a very destructive and non-helpful one.  The illusion was so powerful.  Sometimes I'm not convinced it *was* an illusion.  Yes I know it doesn't *actually* work.  The feelings of anxiety and self-loathing that come after pouring alcohol on the problem far outweigh any negative emotions I feel as a sober person.  ..But I don't know.  There's something else here.  I feel like I haven't yet developed a new appropriate coping mechanism and everything leaves me feeling drained.  Now that the "thrill" of admitting I have a problem and not drinking has worn off...Now it's just me facing the realities of my existence with clear eyes.  Sobriety didn't fix all my other problems I had it only fixed my drinking problem.  Now I'm faced with the very difficult process of growing into a better human being.  *Crap.*
----------immediate responses--------

So... let's say that you have a hard time relating to your boyfriend/girlfriend/wife/husband/friend.  And to cope with that you choose to punch yourself in the face repeatedly until you pass out from the pain.  One day you realize that punching yourself in the face is not a good thing to do so you stop.  That doesn't fix the other problem you have.  But that also doesn't mean that you should dust of your knuckles either...Your badge says you're at 45 days.  That's really awesome man.  45 days is great.  When I was at around 45 days things started to change for me.  Prior I had just stopped drinking.  And it took me 45 days to start to feel like I could even handle that.  Then at some point I started to work on the other things.  I started to see drinking for what it was.  And I started to actually deal with life.  I felt like the "not drinking to prevent negative things" phase was over and it was time to move forward.  So I started trying to "not drink to bring on the positive things".  I was using the [SMART Recovery tools](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/toolchest.htm) to deal with my issues in a more healthy way.  I focused on how to deal with life in my therapy sessions.  I started to pick up new (or get back into old) hobbies like cycling and tennis and Krav Maga.  I read the Allen Carr book in the sidebar (which REALLY helped me see alcohol for what it was: poison that added NOTHING positive to my life)...But even then after 45 90 180 200 days I still had some issues when I was around others that were drinking.  On my cruise in June I had a few rough days because alcohol was EVERYWHERE.  But since then I've moved passed that.  I now feel like alcohol is just a distant memory.  I remember that it's bad for me but I no longer want it.  I no longer crave it.  I no longer even think about it.  I have a shitty exchange with someone that REALLY pisses me off and I don't even consider drinking because of it.  I evaluate what a mature reaction should be (confronting the person telling someone else keeping it to myself) and move on...But look.  At 45 days it sounds like you're doing fine.  From what I remember life was still hard back then for me.  Don't expect your experience to match mine exactly.  But keep in mind that I did put in a lot of work to get where I am now.  The reading the talking the chatting in the webchat (sidebar) and my contributions to this subreddit all helped me get to this very strong very safe very happy place that I am in now...You can't tell but I had a rather shitty early afternoon.  Someone spoke to me with a lack of respect that I've only seen from bullies in high school.  But I'm not going to drink.  I didn't even react to it.  I took a deep breath evaluated what my reactions could be and what their consequences would be and let it go...*You've got this!*
I know exactly how you feel! ..I think we just have to look around. Every person you see is walking around with their own anxieties and insecurities. Everyone is sad about something glad about something or worried about someone and they deal with it and focus on the things that make them happy. You are no different it's just not a habit for you yet! I think years of being negative (and drinking) made me forget what made me happy so I've been trying new things and old things too. ../u/slipacre suggested I look for some books to help me be more positive so I'm just going to go to the bookstore and see if one stands out to me. Maybe that would be helpful for you too!..Taking action even just a tiny step in the right direction always helps.   You can deal with everything life throws at you just try to take one problem at a time. Hope that helps a little.
I often feel the same.  Not drinking hasn't fixed me how I hoped.  I often read posts from people saying how great everything is now that they're sober and wish that was me.  How I rationalize it is it's fantastic I'm thinking about how to be a better person *beyond* not drinking.  I think when I was a drinker I thought drinking was everything because so much of my life revolved around it.  Now that I'm not I'm thinking not drinking isn't actually that big of a deal -  it was a small change I made in my lifestyle - and in reality there's much bigger things out there that I'm finally dealing with.  To me not drinking is just the start of a better life not the result of one.
It won't but it will get where you can solve them
We're on the same path brother. Step by step. If we are fortunate to see ourselves as imperfect as we are we can make changes! Step by step we can try to become better. It is not easy believe me. But it's a better life than I ever could have dreamed. I heard someone say in a meeting once " I have a wonderful life today and its full of problems". Rang true for me. Anyways I admire your humor and am glad to be on the journey with you.
Your drinking wasn't the source of your problems anyway but merely a symptom.  However you can't even begin to start dealing with the problems (thinking feeling and acting) until you stop drinking...You've stopped drinking that's a start...Now the real work begins...Time to start identifying those feelings.  Discover what's causing them and what to do about them.  You've got some catching up to do emotionally.  There's recovery programs that can help.  There's therapists who can help.  Maybe organized religion can be your thing.  Tons of books written to help provide insight. Maybe all of it together in various doses.
[deleted]
 You  are  on a  great  road  but  just  at the  very  beginning.  I am  not too  much  further  along  than  you  but I  can  tell  you  that the  most exciting changes do  happen  gradually.   However I  am  now  beginning to  feel  good  in  my  own  skin  again.  I  feel  like I am ten  years  younger  full  off  ambition  not  devoid  of problems  but  so  much  more  responsible  towards  them.  Don't be  hard  on  yourself  if you don't feel  like  your  problems  are all  solved.  EVERYONE  has  problems.   But  the  degree to  which we  can  deal  with  them  and  look  back  and  be  proud  and  happy  of how we dealt  with  them  is  the  greatest investment  you  can  make  for  long  term  happiness I  think.   And  you  will  likely trade  some  problems  like  instead  of  regretful actions  and  hangovers  you  might  have to work  with some social anxiety.  I  still spend  less  time with  people  than I  did as a drinker  but I  am  getting   better  at  handling  difficult  social  situations. Its all the little bad decisions  that  we underestimate  the  cost  of  that later add up and create  the  most long  term  suffering.  I  am  happy  for you 
Posted this in a similar thread too lazy to re type......Yeah drinking wasn't so much the problem as much as an inappropriate way to try and medicate it..Change - there are a zillion courses you can take - my path was AA with some alanon and whatever else thrown in for good measure. Results may vary but I found the steps a good tool kit for doing essentially what you are talking about in your post.
You're not in any danger of relapsing?  Wow good for you.  That is said with much more conviction than I could muster up.  I mean I don't feel like I'm going to drink today but even without that daily obsession I know the danger of letting up on my resolve is real.  Be careful protect your sobriety.
I can relate to sooooo much of what you say here.  It's like I'm sort of past the point where I feel I should get a cookie for not drinking ( note: not literally.  I still eat as many damn cookies as I want) so....now what.  It reminds me of the couple of weeks after I defended my dissertation.  I thought once I did that my life would magically change!  Damnit where's my cookie???  ..And I too have found I just...really don't like socializing.  I really only enjoyed it while drinking.  And even most of that fun stopped a while back.  Which is fine but also makes me feel a bit lost.  ..I dunno.  I'm not doing AA but I'm doing other spiritual journey type stuff (Buddhism and mindfulness and yoga etc).  Which helps a lot. But sometimes I do feel like the rest of my life is an aaawwwffuulllyyy long time to be this friggin sober.  But then usually I'm like being sober beats not being sober by a lot.  So. There's that.
Somewhere on this or another recover sub I was reading how not doing something is just a start but it's not very motivating. Not drinking? Well not doing something just leaves a big void right? The point is imagining something you will do is better and ultimately more useful than just not doing something. ..In my case I look forward to being a sober dad (and never having my daughter see me passed out or sloppy) that's my big motivation among many.
and being drunk can't do anything good. just relax ok?
I've been to so many AA meetings where after reading a step or tradition none of the discussion has anything to do with drinking.  Or people who introduce themselves like "I'm and alcoholic and my problem is Joe".  Just about every alcoholic also has a pretty big "me" problem too...Hang in there Friend!  We'll get there together!
.&gt;I feel like I haven't yet developed a new appropriate coping mechanism and everything leaves me feeling drained.  Now that the "thrill" of admitting I have a problem and not drinking has worn off. Now it's just me facing the realities of my existence with clear eyes...I hit 100 days today and I've been having a hard time putting how I felt into words. I keep starting a post then deleting it. But you put my thoughts into words perfectly. This really hit home.
In my opinion the second month is the hardest. But you can make it through I know where you've been and it gets so much better. I didn't start feeling like I was "healthy" or "better" for a few months but the end of the third month began my upswing. In my experience I felt like a raw nerve in month 2. I felt a little better in month 3. Every day I feel like I got a little better you're almost over the peak.
You're right it won't. If drinking was your problem all you'd have to do to fix it would be to stop drinking. Drinking is a symptom of an underlying problem--it's a way to cope with it. You can fix your problems but the cure is not free; it comes with a heavy price. Almost no one likes it but when faced with dying an alcoholic death or picking up the simple tools laid at our feet the right choice is obvious to most people. I can only share what worked for me and that was working the steps of AA. I can honestly say that without the help I found in AA I wold have been dead a long time ago. As a result of working them I've lived a relatively happy and meaningful life. I feel secure both in my own skin and in the world and it wasn't always this way. AA is not for everyone but it was for me.
I am exactly where you're at right now. You hit the nail on the head when you referred to your former "off-switch". Booze was incredibly good for pulling the plug on my negative thought machine. What I'm trying to focus on right now is the fact that I can choose to love myself and not listen to the negative voice (my mom's nervous whimper that always lurks inside my head) that tells me everything sucks nothing works don't take chances because I'm bound to fail. ..Life is and/or can be great. I've felt it several times in my life and I see people I know enjoying it. They're no different from us except that they're not telling themselves that everything's fucked up and hopeless. It's so easy but so hard when you've spent years hiding from a negative personal and world view by keeping everything at arms length with booze.
Sobriety doesn't solve all problems but it does tend to remove the biggest obstacle to addressing the others. I've also noticed I don't repeat the same mistakes as often...
My sponsor has always said that "When we show up at AA we are drunken horse thieves we get sober but we're still horse thieves." I have always taken that to mean that once we get sober we still have to work on our other problems...Being in the moment and dealing with life on life's terms is not something that I ever really learned how to do while I was using. Getting loaded was the only answer I had to my problems. It took time and effort to develop a new way. Keep working on it you're on the right path.  
Yup I can relate to this down to the approximate timing. Drinking led me into a dead-end street and after a month and a half I managed to back up out of there and out into the wide world. ..Now what? The possibilities are endless and it's up to *you* to decide where you want to go and who you want to be. I'm still figuring that out for myself but at least I have other options open to me again. I'm not too afraid to make mistakes (I'm starting to think of them as adventures in self-exploration :) but at least I know what I *don't* want.
I'm right there with you. I've been feeling a bit like my personality has changed. I've become more introverted more irritable cracking jokes much less frequently.  In addition I'm actually working out *less*. I'm eating a bunch of garbage. Honestly it kind of sucks. Hoping I can snap out of this funk.
