-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1p65hj/how_long_is_acceptable_for_your_sponsor_to_not/

I relapsed Tuesday night and texted my sponsor to tell him the same night. He never responded so I called him the next day and he picked up real quick and said "im busy let me call u back tonight" then we ended the convo quick. He never called me back. Then today he never called me again and I drank again this afternoon. ..So its been 2 days going on 3 and I havent heard from him. I drank twice since. Im kinda resentful about it...What do u guys think?
----------immediate responses--------

I am not in AA.  I would get a new sponsor.
Unacceptable in my opinion.  However do not let the lack of a phone call "allow" you to drink again. When AA started most people did not have a telephone.
That's way too long. That being said there are always other people you can call
Be honest with him about it.  I know I can put people on a pedestal.  My sponsor has a life too.  Who knows what's going on to cause him to be so flaky.  And maybe your relapse is affecting him too.  You always hear about how we don't go through this recovery process alone.  That includes the good *and* the bad.  Perhaps he's not sure how to handle the issue....I had a guy sponsoring me the first few months.  He kind of "adopted" me.  I didn't ask him to sponsor me he just sort of did anyway.  After some time I realized I needed something more from a sponsor.  The guy I was going to ask to be my new sponsor actually helped me call it off with the other guy.  I end it with my first sponsor and now the new guy I want to ask won't call me back for *weeks.* I got a resentment.  I still asked him.  He said yes.  I brought it up and that was that.  It actually made us grow close from the get-go....Be honest and open.  Talk to him before making any decisions.  In the meantime try calling others.  One huge reason I've stayed sober is I regularly talk to *a lot* of different guys in the program.
Call him.
It's super unhealthy to rely on someone else for your sobriety. Definitely go back to a meeting asap and act like a newcomer: new sponsor great home group and a group of people to support you in your reclaimed sobriety. It's not your sponsors fault that you relapsed. As far as I'm concerned if my sponsees relapse they are no longer my sponsees and have to show that they're willing again. To summarise you're pretty much on your own until you get sober and willing again. Tis the AA way.
Irresponsibility all the way around....just because your sponsor really dropped the ball and left you hanging does not an invitation to drink make. You may want to really get clear that you are responsible for you period. Get a new sponsor for sure but also understand that maybe he had crisis a death or any other of the million reasons he was not there for you.  However that does not negate your responsibility to see this through and stick to your goal. Best of luck to you I know starting out is hard stick in this sub and stick to your reasons for making this change-- draw that line in the sand and don't cross it.    
&gt; So its been 2 days going on 3 and I havent heard from him. I drank twice since. Im kinda resentful about it...Not saying this is what he's intentionally trying to do but the point might be to get you take responsibility for your sobriety. You don't call a sponsor after you drink you call them before. Each and every time you feel like drinking and don't know how to cope. Texting after the fact is a cop out and he's probably been around long enough to know that. Did you call him before you drank the other two times since? Why not?
Some sponsors will not talk with you while you are still drinking.   I limit my conversations with drunks - call me in the morning when you are sober.   Also he is allowed to have a life to be busy and other priorities.....There are other people to call and in the end though it is up to you to get sober.  At that point You are free to find another sponsor.
Let's imagine that your sponsor got hit by a car and is in intensive care.....Does that mean that you should drink because he didn't call you back?..Realistically shit happens (even if he isn't in intensive care).  It's important to build a network of support. One phone number isn't enough.  I think one of the reasons people suggest doing 90 meetings in 90 days is so that you end up having a chance to get to know some people...I've always made time to go out to dinner/coffee after the meetings etc so that I have a variety of people to call.  
If you are not happy with your sponsor then get a different one.  It's a relationship and sometimes those don't work out.
For me I would probably be upset if my sponsor hadn't called me back as well but you also have to remember your sponsor is a human being with a life as well. We all get busy and things come up. There is a reason to get a lot of numbers of other people in the program. If you can't get a hold of your sponsor call someone on your list and if they don't answer call the next person and so on down your list. I know if I left my sobriety in the hands of my sponsor I would drink he is a great guy and helps me through my hard times when I need him. But I also have a lot of other people in the program I know I can call to talk me through a situation. If your sponsor is the only person you feel comfortable talking to it might be worth trying to find more friends in the program and get more numbers I know it has helped me immensely. Also if you can't get a hold of someone in person you can always come here there is almost always someone around this sub and on chat....Good Luck and call the next person on your list if you can't get a hold of your sponsor. I know I can't rely on a person calling me back and will call people when I need to talk. It has saved me a few times.
I understand your resentment as my first sponsor usually took between 3 days and never to call me back. I spent most of my first year talking to his answer-machine (he never answered his cell phone either). When he did get back to me after one of my paralytically fearful messages it was generally along the lines of "You seemed a bit down glad you didn't drink." ..And I didn't drink. I discovered that just making the choice to phone him was enough for me not to have to drink at that moment. At the time I found it very hard to accept what to me was rejection but I worked on it talked about it with friends and in meetings and eventually with him too. I know now that he was also quite young in recovery - he had just over a year - and was rebuilding his family and his career. He loved me the best he could at the time and although he's not my sponsor now we are still close...At the beginning it was suggested to me that I try to get a couple of numbers at every meeting I went to and then try and phone at least one of them the next day. It was a total ball-ache and I hated doing it but I found that my phone-book filled up and I got to practice calling another alcoholic when things were ok. Learning to use the phone when I was not fighting the urges meant that it was easier to make the call when I was and it is in large part to this that I haven't had to take a drink for 2261 days. My phone is my best weapon against the next drink. ..Good luck OP and if you can try to pick up the phone before the next drink... 
