-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1p67l0/calling_all_units_i_need_backup/

*EDIT 10/25/13: Good news. By some miracle the kitchen's back up and running so we're opening as scheduled today! Thanks for your support regardless. I'm going to keep all of your encouragement in my back pocket. Love you all.*..Here's the story...I'm the bar manager and now branding and marketing manager at my family's restaurant. On Monday our fire suppressant system went off. Problem is there was no fire. And now almost all of our kitchen equipment is ruined. We spent all of Tuesday cleaning the restaurant from top to bottom   after spending all of Monday doing a routine quarterly cleaning of the restaurant. And since then we've been trying to order parts make arrangements with inspectors and get new equipment so we can open the restaurant again...Meanwhile our customer relations are in the shitter. I pressed the management staff to set a realistic reopening date that I could share with our email list and social media followers. Instead we've been telling people 24 hours ahead of time that we'll be closed each night and now we're at Friday which I just got through advertising for live jazz and we're motherfucking closed. And the rumor is already spreading around town that we're closed for good...I finally convinced the management staff to let me send out an email tonight letting our regulars know what's going on. Our general manager is flying south to haul new equipment back north. Meanwhile it's up to me and (if she hasn't already mutinied) the assistant general manager to field all customer calls tomorrow. I'm going to be dealing with a tidal wave of hungry rightfully angry but nevertheless snooty monsters. And 300 bottles are going to be staring at the back of my skull while I man the host stand...My short-term brain wants to drink. My long-term brain knows that's a bad idea. My short-term brain says yeah but it's only one and it'll take the edge off. My long-term brain says for now it might only be one but later it's two then three then four then you're right back where you started six weeks ago. My long-term brain is winning. But in the event that it's against the ropes tomorrow just typing this out and knowing you're reading it will give it a second wind. If you're struggling with stressful situations please leave them in the comments section and let's support each other. I know I'll be checking in during my long day tomorrow...It's okay to be stressed out. It's okay to be frustrated. **It's okay to feel.**..Love you all. Be strong.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not your fault.  You're doing everything you can to get reopened &amp; keep your customers informed. If they're mad they're not mad at you they're mad at the situation. Put this in the "things I cannot control" pile be earnest and don't worry about it.  
I have complete faith in you. Remember they can kill you but they can't eat you. (Especially not at your restaurant. Tomorrow. And maybe the next day.)..You've got this fear not!
Hey man let that long term brain win. I always enjoy reading your posts because we are in a similar boat both being service industry pros and sobriety rookies. I really hope your restaurant is able to recover from this. Be strong tomorrow. I definitely understand the temptation but maybe if its just the two of you in the place it'll be easier to abstain. Does she know about your sobriety? I won't lie to you me three weeks ago in an empty restaurant with a full supply of liquor and a female coworker there would definitely be consumption and me doing everything I could to charm her out of her clothes. But its those exact actions that got me to where I am right now and the things I want to change most. I'm pulling for you that you make it through the day sober. I know its tough in our line of work but not impossible. KCCO!
Can I suggest finding a way to take that "break" that your short-term brain wants but in a way consistent with the smarter long-term brain? ..For me it's running. I deal with work stress (I'm a business owner) by making time to run even though I don't really have time to run. It pays back in creativity and energy. Anything like this that you can do to channel that dark energy?
Telling you guys when I plan my relapses is the best way I've found to guilt myself into staying sober. Most of the time I'm fine but randomly I'll be all "yeah drinking is just fine!" and then I come here and you guys are like "STFU" and I'm all "alright." It works. The people here keep each other sober it's awesome. So thanks guys and congrats on 44 days!
If you can make it through this without drinking you can make it through anything without a drink.  Have you called your insurance company?  There may be coverage for the clean-up equipment and loss of revenue for being closed.
Keep your head in the game brother. 
Sometimes the feelings are the worst part! Then I have to remind myself that the feelings I had were all terrible and I was never able to kick back and feel the sun kiss my cheeks goodbye as it sets on the horizon. Simple things like being able to enjoy moments like that instead of wondering when the next one was being shot down the hatch. I feel like restaurant stress can be so much worse because at every second everyone else's solution is "fuck it lets ____" (fill in with questionable behavior revolving around drinking on the job). I have four friends at work who have each confided in me separately that they are done. It's hard sometimes because I remember how badly I just wanted to be sober. I never understood how much work and effort you have to put into it! But lemme tell you 16 months out I have never felt so alive. I still have shitty days but I'm no longer suicidal which is such a big accomplishment. I didn't want to die with a bottle in one hand and a gun in the other. Keep your head up and remember customers love to kept in the loop about what's going on. They wanna be able to tell other people the gossip of the neighborhood. Restaurant two doors down from ours burned down last week on Sunday morning my boyfriend and I suspect it was Jewish Lightening! We're trying to spread that rumor. I did (eventually-2 months ago) completely step down from my bar duties. I was bummed out and it wasn't easy to give up my position of tiny power. But daaannngggg working the floor is so much easy! So easy I'm going on an interview tomorrow for a job in a completely different field! 
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing this. I especially liked the part about "short term" and "long term brain"...aint that the truth! That's why this disease is cunning and baffling. It sounds good in the short term but we know it will affect us negatively in the long term. It's hard for me to stay in the now I'm a planner and control freak. But sometimes we just have to so we can enjoy the moment. But as you said we also should think long term and how our behavior today will affect our lives tomorrow. Thanks for posting!
