-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pbojn/about_to_try_again_the_stigma/

Hello everyone. This is my first post on r/stopdrinking and glad I found it. My situation in brief: I've had a gradual ramp up of problem drinking for the last 10 years. 5 years ago bad incidents began to happen at parties. Being over the age of 35 the hangovers and humiliation are too much. Even at small dinners or an evening at home with my wife 2 drinks is often not enough. Need to have 3 or 4 to get that feeling. I am an alcoholic! ..I have tried to quit for good 2 times before. Each time I would attend an AA meeting to solidify my decision. I did not stay with the program but even this action helped me to stay sober for a while. The longest I've gone so far is 10 months. ..I don't like the AA program but that's just me. It's not the spiritual aspect that bothers me. I myself am involved in a spiritual practice and believe in higher powers and group work. I think it was the gloom and doom (sorry no disrespect) that bothered me....folks always on the edge of drinking again. This time I'm going to start therapy to get to the roots of my problems. I didn't do that before. I may look into the Smart program. ..I do look forward to a sober life. Everything is so much better. ..The hardest thing for me (and I assume with many others) is the stigma that goes along with saying "No I don't drink" or "Just a selzter for me.".Granted on my last attempt at sobriety I was able to put myself in some extraordinary situations and not drink. One of them was a 3 day golf outing with my buddies from college. Besides golf this outing is all about drinking and smoking weed. What I thought would have been difficult was not that bad. Then one day I went to visit my Dad and older sister. I had not seen them in a while so there was plenty of awkwardness and anxiety. She offered me a beer and I said "Oh no I'm training for a 1/2 marathon and don't want to drink." She came back with "oh we have a friend who does that too and she drinks all the time." Well that was it. I drank the beer. The relapse just sneaks up on you. 1 year later and that led to a ramp up to this last Friday when I got hammered and had the worst hangover of my life all day Saturday...I want to quit drinking forever...How do you all deal with the social aspect? Do you just outright tell everyone that you have a problem with drinking and you had to stop? Or do you just make a more vague excuse to get past the offer and awkwardness? I don't really want to make a grand announcement to everyone that I've quit drinking. The quitting part is not hard...I don't crave it. It's the social part and what will people think of me. Yes the alternative is much worse...the humiliation and people eyeing you strange when you're pouring your 4th glass of wine at a casual dinner party....terrible.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel no shame or stigma because alcoholism is not a moral failing; it's a disease. No one starts drinking expecting it to happen but once it does there's no going back. The disease runs in families. ..People who care about what you are drinking likely have their own problems with alcohol and see you as a threat. It sounds like you have a problem with peer pressure. Work on your own sense of self and follow through with what you know is best. If people bugged me about not drinking I'd eventually say "Thanks but I'm a recovering alcoholic." This was rarely a problem. ..Have a drink in your hand all the time; people will be less likely to offer you alcohol. Learning more about alcoholism may help you understand and accept your disease and yourself. ..People who truly care about you will give support. If they don't it is their problem. Normal drinkers don't care what other people are drinking. If anyone thinks less of you because you don't drink they are ignorant and not your friend. What do you care? ..Would you rather people think of you as a drunk or a sober person?
Sometimes you just tell people that you'll get a headache or your stomach is upset.  I like to say "Oh no thank you I've had enough."  They say "What? You haven't even had one."  I just smile and say "Exactly."  Sometimes it starts a conversation but most of the time people just get sort of confused but realize I don't want a drink.  .I have a friend that when offered a drink more than once will tell the person that he chooses not to drink for religious reasons...It's all situational...  
I have no problem telling people I don't drink. If they ask why I usually try to be whimsical and funny about it but if they really dig I tell them the serious truth. This pretty much only happens in situations centered around drinking. And I'm seriously starting to notice that people who tend to ask a lot of questions are usually happy for me and are themselves problem drinkers. Nobody gives me shit about it. The worst thing that has happened is people jokingly say something like "Forever?! Pffft yea right!" And thats the end of it...So yea I'm not screaming it from the mountain tops but I'll tell anyone who wants to know. ..In the words of Jack White.."I'm so tired of acting tough I'm gonna do what I please."..Me worrying about what other people think about me has held me back so much in life. I'm over it.  ..Good luck friendo! 3rd time is a charm. 
My approach to the "social aspect" is this: I don't care what people *think*; I care about what they *do*...Unless a "friend" tries to trick me into having a drink (something that they do) their opinion of my drinking water has absolutely **no** bearing on my own sobriety. Most people IME won't even question it. As others have/will point out - a non-problem drinker won't even notice...As for the ones that do notice? I make a kind of game out of it - "Why do you care so much as to bring it up in this way??" - I've "shut up" a couple folks with that question. Fun!..Good luck!!.
Back when I was drinking I had a couple of friends who stopped.  At the time I had no desire to abstain but I was happy for them that they quit.  I recognized that it took a lot of strength to stay sober.  I was also happy that they were by default permanent DDs.  ..Now that I've quit myself I just try to be as honest as possible with people. No I don't go around telling everyone that I meet that I'm an alcoholic.  I've gotten a new job and whenever anyone mentions booze I just tell them I don't drink.  I got to talking about it in a bit more detail with a coworker and simply told him that I was drinking too much so decided to stop and left it at that.  ..As far as friends and family I just tell them that I quit drinking.  It's not like they didn't realize I was an alcoholic after all. 
So many warm and supportive replies. I'll be hanging around here a lot more! Thank you and hope that you all have everlasting sobriety!
I'm also struggling with the social aspect. But in the end it's your life and you're the one suffering the consequences. No one really cares that much if you drink or not.
To me there is a stigma associated with being a falling down in bed with the wrong woman fired for absenteeism puking in public drunk...Not doing the above things less so...My experience in AA is much different though I do tend to stick with the positive people.  Therapy can get you to the same places though I would suggest a therapist who knows alcoholism and recovery not all do.
Them: "what're you having?"..Me: "nothing thanks I'm not drinking tonight"..Them: "o rly why not?"..Me: "I'm just not."..Them: "Aw c'mon just one"..Me: "No thank you."..If they go beyond that I'd probably say something like "listen man I don't want a drink so leave it alone."  I haven't had to do this honestly but I have had the conversation above...None of their business why...My family and my good friends know that I have stopped drinking.  Beyond that I don't need an "excuse" for anyone.  I just choose not to drink.  I can change my mind anytime but I don't.  That's my choice...I am also 43.  I am grateful that I made this choice and have reaped the benefits of being sober every single day since.  No regrets.  Yes I do get frustrated sometimes at life being what it is (including the fact that I reached a point that I needed to stop drinking) but I don't regret any of it.  Life is what it is simple as that.  I can be honest with myself and live well or I can lie to everyone including myself and go back to the misery of the past.  I like living well as I have these past months.  I like who I am and am sticking with it.
I've experienced no stigma attached to not drinking.  Whatever stigma there could be associated with not drinking sure beats the stigma of sitting on your hands in the back of a cruiser.
I don't feel bad for not drinking. I did tell my close friends and my family that I was not drinking anymore. This has helped with accountability. I generally don't tell other people right off the bat. In the huge majority of social situations I've been in I'm either around someone who knows I don't drink or it's not a drinking occasion. All of my old drinking buddies know I'm out of the game. There have been instances where it felt appropriate to tell someone who is not in my immediate circle - I shared with one colleague and one yoga instructor that i was alcohol-free. I have not felt judged by anyone. When offered alcohol by people I don't know I either say no thanks or "Thanks but I don't drink." Each time I say it it makes it more real. It feels super real (and good) now. ...The biggest issue has been when avoiding work happy hours. My boss even went to get a six-pack a few weeks ago around 3pm on Friday. I said I was going to work out after work and didn't want one which was true. We have a big open bar holiday party at the end of the year and I will be ordering juice/soda combinations....Good luck! This whole not drinking thing is the most rewarding thing I've ever done. Any stigma or awkwardness that you feel is more than likely imagined. Not drinking doesn't make you a bad or lame or boring person. ..So far I have not had anyone put pressure on me to drink. I have been offered many times but I always say no and nobody pushes. If someone pressures you to drink that is their problem. I probably wouldn't hang around someone who put pressure on me. Sorry I wrote so much! Thanks for posting - it helped me today.
A lot of the stigma is in your head.  Other people really don't care that much if there is alcohol in your drink or not.  
How sad and yet so typical for alcoholics: falling off the wagon after some mental twist with someone close. We all have our own version of this pattern. Mine was my wife telling me once that she missed seeing on top of my game in social gathering. I am sure she did not mean what I made out of that!  Anyway... looking for therapy is certainly a bright way to move forward. Hopefuly you will find along a way to accomodate the parts of AA you dislike. But my advice is that only  rigourous honnesty keeps us from going over the guardrails. Good luck to you.
