-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pf1hs/being_aware_of_overelation/

My counselor brought up an interesting point in my outpatient program last week one on which I've ruminated every day and brought up in AA meetings since. It was being aware of "over-elation" the sudden rush of euphoria that comes with newly attained sobriety. He brought up how such a feeling can cause an inflated sense of confidence that can lead to relapse. I feel like this is exactly what happened to me back in April the first time I tried to stop drinking (although I wasn't in a formal program and didn't attend AA)...I'd love to hear some of your experiences with over-elation or similar emotions either at the beginning of your sobriety or later. How it affected your recovery and any thoughts or readings (in the Big Book or elsewhere) that have helped you stay grounded and focused on recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm only at 28 days but I know the feeling you're talking about. I saw it's potential and used it to push myself harder while working out and that seemed to do the trick. If I catch myself thinking about drinking I remind myself that I'm focused on my goals and that alcohol will only hinder my ability to achieve. Reminding myself often how awesome I feel while I'm sober is helping me forget how I felt drunk which in turn is really helping my confidence.
Trying to control our emotions can be a really tricky one.  Either over-elation or overt-depression.  That was me peaks and troughs all the time.  I had a few goes at the getting sober thing. ..The first time (6mths) well fuck it I'd done so well I deserved a drink Blah Blah. lucky to get back...The second time(7mths) was more along the lines you are talking about.  I have this thing licked ye haw. Blah Blah. Again lucky to get back...This time I try for a balance in my life.  If I get euphoric I take note depressed I take note.  You get the picture. Balance is key.  Still truckin!..Good Luck..
One of the strangest things to head is that i'm possibly too happy. How could I be too happy? We live in a fascinating world and your experience is real - to you. I remember getting even more elated when I was about 9 months in because I finally let go and embraced the realness of spirituality in my life. Took a really long time to begin to see the world differently. All I know is that I want that experience back everything was powerful people were so beautiful and i trusted the power of the universe to access me and lead me through the world to where I could be grateful to see it and of best use to others.
