-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pjb6q/daily_checkin_103013/

Another day down! First up confession tiem... I boughr a pack of cigarettes. I have no good excuse only that the temptation proved too great. I give the experience 1 star. Mild relief from symptoms but ultimately futile. I will be going to the gym tomorrow to remind myself that exercise is more rewarding than nicotine. Time to push some weights in earnest- I'm close to having some real definition in my muscle structure despite that I've been slack these last couple of months. I hope that the concept of kindling doesn't apply to nicotine...In more positive news I'm really feeling the benefits of being sober and not having those cannabinoids present in my system. Thinking back to just that short time ago when I was in such a bind mentally from abusing herbal incense I'm so glad I was able to walk away from it. I'm in this weird space where I feel lonely and crave some kind of altered state but am happy where I am and that I've managed to find some coping mechanisms. I aim to piss the cigarettes off again tomorrow make it a lapse rather than a complete relapse. I was doing so well and it does nothing for me...Had a friend drop some artwork off tonight he's a mad graffiti artist and has been making canvas pieces lately so I've gone halves with my housemate in a couple as a birthday present for our other housie. I played him some of my recent music including a dub track I'm working on with vocals and he didn't believe that it was me singing. That was a real boost for me when I finally convinced him he was genuinely surprised and impressed. Just got to get it up to a standard that I feel happy releasing it to the general public.. Indecisiveness and finding it difficult to complete projects are two things I need to work on...I found myself thinking of you today Constant Reader; how lucky I am to have found this sub and that I managed to score the role of posting these checkins with ForbesRabbit's blessing. It amazes me how much they have integrated into my daily life; I get several orangereds on my phone throughout the day (though most arrive while I'm asleep or trying to get there) which keeps me focused. I've been having these crazy thoughts about how great a meetup would be to the point that I got a bit sad about how it really just ain't possible. If I win an obscene amount of money anytime soon there will be plane tickets for all. That'd be rad...So yeah a bit emotional! It's good though I'm feeling real feelings and they are for the most part welcome. Even the negative ones are becoming easier to process. There has been some real progress in the quality of my thoughts and I owe a great deal of that to you people...I haven't been to an AA meeting in a few weeks now; I'm wondering if I'm deluding myself in thinking that these threads count as fulfilling that social side of recovery? There are many here who have succeeded in staying sober without a program as such and I'd love to hear everybody's thoughts. At this point I could keep typing away forever about not much at all...Hope this finds you well. Have a great day and I'll speak to you tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

This isn't r/stopsmoking so I'm not going to lay into you for smoking (but don't fucking do it anymore OK?).  But I'm glad you're still sober and going strong!.."Constant Reader" eh?  Do you read Stephen King?  I've read most of his stuff (yes a lot of it while I was drunk) and have really enjoyed his books (including most of the Dark Tower related books)...I think these posts have been really helpful to our community and can tell that you put a lot of thought and effort into them.  I really appreciate it and know that others do as well.  Keep it up man...I think it comes down to your motivations for going or not going to AA.  If you're looking for a way to get back to drinking or if you're struggling it might help to sit face-to-face with someone that is within slapping distance to get your head back in the game.  But if things are going well and you're out experiencing life as a sober person I think it's OK to take a break from meetings.  I have.  Occasionally I miss it.  And if that becomes a stronger feeling I'll get to one.  And if I start to feel like I'm struggling I will definitely make my way to one.  But this sub-reddit and the webchat (see the sidebar) can be very social parts of recovery.  I interact very closely with several people that I've met through this sub-reddit... some even in-person or on the phone...I think putting together your own recovery package in a way that works for you is the best thing.  It could include reading recovery-related materials getting therapy going to meetings posting daily check-ins commenting on as many posts as you have time for participating in the webchat and/or actively discussing your sobriety with friends and family.  All of these things have gone into my sobriety (well obviously not **posting** a daily check-in thread).  And it's a unique program that works for me...And if you can't tell from my comments today... I'm wordy today again.  Sorry.
I like reading your daily check ups. It's nice and since I'm not participating in meetings myself it feels a bit more like a support-group of strangers but online instead of pesky IRL! hehe. I'm glad you're doing well. And just wanted you to know that someone is thinking about you too even if I don't comment every day. ..Cigs are no good- but sometimes it takes a few times of 'lapsing' to really get it through your mind that you DON'T feel better after one. So maybe it's a good thing for you. Just really solidified your reasons for quitting! :) I want to quit cigs too next I think I will at my 1 month sober mark. I have Allen Carr's book too I hear it's great. ..Anyways I wish you well. Happy almost Halloween! :D
Don't beat yourself up too much for smoking. We didn't get addicted in a day so recovery isn't gonna happen in one too...I'm also always happy to read your posts here. Looking forward each day to read how your life is going....To me AA is more than socialising. I was at a different kind of meeting today for the first time it's called ProVita and it hasn't much to do with AA/NA. ..I know it's bad to judge after being there for just one time but in the end it was just some people discussing their life. Not that different from a meeting on the surface but somehow I felt I could have just met some (sober) friends instead and would have the same benefit. Still nice to see addicts helping one another though. ...I once heard this "joke" maybe it was on this sub:..*A newcomer asks an oldtimer how many meetings a week he would need to stay sober. The oldtimer said: "Go every day and cut down on 'em until you drink."*....So I don't know how many meetings to you need? .One a week one a month only when you are in critical condition none? Maybe you will have to just try out to find out. ..My personal experience was that I shouldn't go longer than a week without atleast in the first months..
