-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pqe47/approaching_3_months/

I still have 15 days to hit 3 months but this is by far the longest I've been sober...It feels like such a crazy long time and it can be kind of disheartening to realize that 3 months is just a blip to a lot of people...Something I struggle with is the feeling that I'm not focused enough on my sobriety. This is the hardest and scariest thing I've ever done. I gave up a lot of things I cared about to focus on it. I worry in the back of my mind that I didn't do enough and I'm not putting in enough effort... am I really in the program or am I going to continue not drinking and going to meetings until that's not enough? I think I need to get a new sponsor who is more hands on and as I'm writing this I know it's the truth...I worry that because I took more cough syrup than the prescribed dosage this week that counts as losing my sobriety and I have to start over...I just have all these anxieties popping up in my mind. Feeling like I've made a ton of progress but at the same time none at all. It's so discouraging and depressing...I've been really depressed lately and my therapist and sponsor don't seem to help. They both feel really ineffectual to me but I've had reservations about changing those roles... worried I'm the problem. I don't know. I don't know why all of this is cropping up right now. My life is better than before I got sober... but it feels so much harder. I wish it didn't have to feel like that sometimes. I just had to get this out.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! 76 days (as I write this) is huge. ..Good luck on the sponsor/therapist. Maybe try a different one see if you're having the same problems? That's a good way to see whether it's you or not. ..On the cough syrup not sure did you drink it for the booze? I think intent counts for a lot...Anyway thanks for sharing and good luck!
Not a blip. ..
[deleted]
If you really feel like you need a change of sponsor and/or therapist do it. Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. This is something you CAN change to take care of yourself and to keep your recovery on track. Are you working the steps yet?..A note to the cough syrup: when you took it did you get the urge to take more or did you just slug more right out of the gate? Did you feel any increased cravings to drink afterwards?..Keep on keeping on my friend.
