-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pribi/i_think_i_just_realized_what_i_am/

I saw in a post somewhere else on reddit someone talking about drinking too much and so on and someone linked him here. Ive been struggling with whether or not to define myself as an alcoholic or whatever for quite some time now. Im pretty sure if I have to debate that with myself I am. I'm totally functional it doesnt affect work or my relationships BUT I know its a death sentence if I dont take control whether soon or far. I remember how it started. I was 19 or 20. I used to be a pot smoker as a kid never drank really. A friend gave me some acid one day. Loved it had a blast. Did it a few more times before I had a bad trip. Ruined pot for me. So I started drinking instead. At first it wasnt very often. Not even every weekend. Then I met this girl. We hung out a good bit and grew closer over time. Eventually were together. First time we had sex we had been drinking. She said it was the best sex of her life. I loved her. I wanted her to feel good. So everytime I wanted to have sex with her from then on I'd get drunk first. Eventually we break up and I decide I can forget about it by drinking heavily. Once Im finally over her Im finding an excuse everyday to drink. A few years have gone by now. Im 24 and still drink almost everyday. When I dont drink its because Im trying to prove something to myself. Im not claiming I have the strength to quit right now Maybe I do. I know I need someone to talk to. Where Im from drinking is such a big part of the culture that I cant escape it. None of my friends will really be able to help me much. Didnt know where else to turn. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats for coming here it's a great first step. I understand how it can be scary to think about stopping completely. My family and friends all drink; it's just a part of a normal day especially in the warmer months. Going to the beach? Better get some drinks. Going on the boat? Camping? Sitting outside by a fire? Drinks drinks drinks. And you don't want to miss out so you join in no matter what time it is or how shitty you feel from getting smashed the night before. ..I know I won't be able to stay away from all situations involving alcohol because I'd essentially end up being a hermit. I did tell my family I decided to quit drinking so they're not asking me why I'm not drinking. I told them I wanted to get healthier and start training for a 5k and they pretty much dropped it after that. ..Even if you can't think of the reasons to quit drinking for yourself yet keep lurking around here. You'll find it's a struggle for a lot of us but definitely a worthwhile one. ..Good luck!
Welcome. Take the Alcohol Assessment Test in the sidebar and see what you think. If you have the disease of alcoholism and continue to drink things will get worse. I promise. It's like an elevator; you can get off before it gets to the basement. Normal drinkers don't come here so you are wise to be exploring this issue before it's too late. 
This is a great sub to be a part of as it consists of people who understand EXACTLY what you're going through with regards to drinking...I am 26 and am in the Navy I completely understand what it means to be in an environment that places heavy emphasis on drinking. Every single event we have incorporates massive amounts of booze. But just because it's there doesn't mean YOU have to drink it. Millions can drink normally we can't..truly accept that and then you can move forward...Think of it as being allergic to alcohol. If you had an allergy to milk would you let people force you to partake in drinking milk? Hell no! So why do it with alcohol. This is your life and if you recognize that getting rid of alcohol will improve your life then step to the plate and take charge...You're 24 and at a crossroads...take the harder path here it will be difdicult but you will never have to worry if it was the right decision as you already know it is. Keep drinking and you may get into legal trouble ruin relationships destroy your health isolate yourself etc...There are plenty of people here including myself that wish you the world and everything in it but you have do the work...Stay active on this sub and make the commitment you'll look back to this moment and forever be glad you did...Stay Strong Stay Sober
[deleted]
You turned to the right place if you want to stop drinking.  Here's the deal with me drinking was only part of my problem in fact it was a symptom of my real problem which was centered in my mind.  I was selfish and self-centered I worried excessively about how I appeared to others and in the end since I drank alot I hid-out isolated and damaged and destroyed my relationships which was just fine since that too gave me justification for drinking.  I was trapped in a never-ending cycle of drinking or thinking about drinking and ultimately thinking about killing myself.  By stopping drinking and working a recovery program I found a path to sober living free of the obsessive compulsive thoughts that kept me drinking.  Let me be clear: I had to not take the next drink; I had to live in 24 hour segments of time; and I had to work a program of recovery which in my case meant AA meetings.
I think the whole starting drinking to replace pot story is a pretty common one these days.  I was the same way pot started giving me bad panic attacks and so I slowly replaced it with alcohol.  Then one day after talking to my doctor I realized that having a considerable alcohol habit is WAY more dangerous than having a considerable marijuana habit...You said you sometimes don't drink because you want to prove something to yourself.  What's the longest you've gone so far?
Hey there welcome! Glad you found this place. I lurked for awhile and tried to control my drinking to not much effect. I took a bout of food poisoning to start a 30-day sobriety trial period and I really liked the results so now I consider this a new phase of my life. Hope you see you around here!
