-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pslp1/8_month_plateausuggestions_needed/

Ok y'all last Monday I picked up my eighth month chip. Lately I have been feeling super crazy and super self-centered. I feel like I have hit a plateau in my recovery. I have finished working the steps got a sponsee sponsee relapsed got sick with a wicked sinus infection and ever since I have been feeling super blah. I'm not sure if it's bouts of depression or anxiety. Well after talking with my sponsor and several people in the program I have decided to go back to the basics-step one. While working step one tonight I began to ponder if I really ever actually took step one-have I fully surrendered any and all reservations of ever being able to control my drinking? Honestly guys I feel like I am just getting out of the fog and for the first time able to think clearly. So no I think my brain was so cloudy in the first couple of months I just went along with whatever the counselors or my sponsor was talking about. That being said had anyone ever felt like this and if so how did y'all deal? What suggestions can you pass on to me (a 23 yo female living in the heart of party and festival country Louisiana). Each and every one of y'all help me more than you could ever imagine. Thank you!!!
----------immediate responses--------

The first year is a delicate time. My brain was still recovering and I frequently experienced symptoms of Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome. Seemingly random bouts of anxiety depression nervousness and sadness.
[deleted]
As a fellow Louisianian I just wanted to stop in and say congrats! I don't think I can help with your predicament though because I feel like blah myself and have never attempted the steps even though i've been going to meetings scattered here and there.
Congratulations on your 8 months it's a fantastic achievement and it sounds like the promise that "more will be revealed" is coming true in your life. That escape from the fog has been an ongoing process all the way so far and my sponsor who has over 21 years tells me that it will go on happening as long as I stay connected in recovery. Much to look forward to! ..I suffer from a disease that is rooted in fear and makes me selfish and self-centred. To me my problems are the worst in the world and when I let it my head tells me that no-one can help. The only reliable route out of that is to get out of my head by helping someone else. Having sponsees is the most amazing gift particularly when they're a pain in the ass like yours has just been as they teach me that I am human. But having sponsees is not the only service to get me out of my head...If you want to re-energise your recovery try some of these:.* turn up early to a meeting and put out the chairs.* help do the washing-up after the meeting.* make a commitment to collect and drop-off someone who struggles with transport.* take on a service commitment at your home-group like greeter house-keeper library or secretary.* start to explore doing service above the group. I began with phone-duty only three months in and have done it ever since but there is a whole world of service required above the group level both locally regionally nationally and internationally and it has introduced me to some of the most inspiring people in my recovery..While I am inside my head focussed on me I am miserable. As soon as I step outside my misery and get involved I become happy joyous and free... The trick for me has been to always say yes when the fellowship asks and it has worked so far.. ..Good luck OP :)
Why not work Step Twelve?..Work with others get into service participate in other peoples' recovery (not just sponsees) - do it like YOUR life depended on it...Working with other recovering alcoholics - at the individual group or intergroup level will keep you sober and sane when nothing else will...I wasn't much of a 'joiner' when I joined AA but my sponsor drilled into me the importance of working the fellowship of AA as well as the program.  ..It saved my life because there were times when I just didn't feel like doing the drill and my prior commitments forced me to get out of my self-pity party and get out into the stream of life...At eight months I had done just about as much solitary self-reflection as I was capable of at the time.  What I needed to do was to become a useful functioning member of society again and for me it started with getting involved in the recovery of my fellow alkies...I gave rides to old-timers who could no longer drive.  I cleaned the clubhouse.  I took a meeting to the local hospital.  I got involved as a district volunteer committee member...Most importantly I spoke one-on-one in social settings and after meetings with fellow alcoholics and formed friendships which have lasted until today. ..I turned my recovery from an emotional one-time deal into a lifetime project...Congrats on your eight months.  Relax; you're a normal garden-variety drunk and how you feel is common.  To get more give it away...Thanks for posting.
I don't know enough about staying sober to have anything to say on plateaus but I was talking about my current guitar-playing plateau to a more experienced player recently. He told me to keep trying to learn and not get comfortable with what I already know--push myself to sound bad with new things just like I did when I was a beginner. I really liked that simple but powerful  advice.
[deleted]
I've been feeling much the same way and someone linked this book recently. I found it really helpful within a couple chapters I began to think oh this makes sense and wow...huh...okay...and damn I already feel better!..http://www.amazon.com/Feeling-Good-The-Mood-Therapy/dp/0380810336..
Man I wish I could go back to an 8th month plateau being my problem!  .  .I've been thinking about the metaphor of the "steps." I used to imagine them as a ladder a 12-step climb to somewhere. Now I see them more as one foot after the other 12 steps leading to 12 more steps. Like months of the year.  .  .Step one never gets old. Sometimes I feel like all of the other work I do is just to return to me to that point. You don't have to drink to be reborn into sobriety. Anyway maybe some of these thoughts we be useful to you too. :)
H.A.L.T.S  - I added the "S" for sick...I can't take my brain or emotions seriously when I have been sick.  Even if it something like the flu or a sinus infection I get shitty thinking all over the place.  It feels like a spiritual problem when it really is just a bodily one...I have learned that when I am sick  I need to rest drink juice and have chicken soup and go to bed early.  I do this for several days.  And absolutely ignore whatever is going on in my head. I do this by watching movies while I lay in bed.  I'm a parent and a business owner so I usually can't stop completely. But I clear out as much as I can don't do anything that isn't necessary for basic existence and just rest and drink soup.  ..It really works!..Sometimes staying sober is about learning how to take care of ourselves.  ..Edit to add: I noticed you are female.  I hope this is not an overshare but when I have been on antibiotics my system gets really messed up. Happens to a lot of us girls according to my dr. An added "benefit" (not) of the yeasty fun caused by the antibiotics is depression.  My doctor now just gives me Diflucan (an antifungal - not mind altering) whenever I am prescribed antibiotics.  I actually get the depression before the other symptoms.  I hope this doesn't sound weird but as alcoholics we have to take extra care of our health. Thought this might be useful info if you just finished a round of antibiotics for the sinus infection and are feeling squirrelly.
Hi there !  Looks like we stopped the same week.   It's not a race.  If you are not drinking you are doing it right !   Take it easy.  All good things in all good time.  
