-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1psxda/tobacco_bong_rips_sobriety/

Hello sober friends! I'm looking for some input on something less-than-fantastic that I did last night...Some backstory: I have been sober for 3.5 months now with the help of my Higher Power outpatient treatment AA and my sponsor. My drug of choice was marijuana but I struggled with alcohol and other drugs too. In no way am I sure of my sobriety. I don't think I beat my addiction. I know this disease will be a part of me until the day I die. But I am a 19 year old college sophomore so I'm trying to live a life of "normalcy" whatever that is. I only go to one or two meetings a week I still go to parties and I still hang out with my close friends who still drink and use. When I had two months and less I was going to meetings almost daily and only hung out with sober people. But now I know that if I'm around substances it's not a guarantee that I will abuse them--although it's not a guarantee that I won't. I have kept my sobriety intact while drugs and alcohol were literally in my face. So like I said I know I'm not in control of my addiction but in no way do I want to drink/use or think I can work my own program. I have been very successful so far in my humble opinion (and all thanks to my Higher Power)...Last night I decided to take a tobacco bong rip (please withhold your judgments I'm sure they are ample). I had never done it before and I don't plan to do it again but I do smoke cigarettes and I do miss the physical sensation of hitting a bong. The bowl wasn't extremely clean because people had been packing weed into it before so I'm assuming I smoked some resin. But I did personally clean it out to the best of my ability beforehand. I got a headrush of course but fortunately I didn't get high...I guess what I'm asking here is what do you guys think that does for my sobriety? Do you count it as a relapse since I consciously smoked resin but without any intent to get high? Do you think I'm in the process of a relapse? Would you just say "I don't recommend repeating what you did last night"? I'm just trying to analyze this because I feel guilty about it even though my brain is telling me it's not a big deal...Thanks redditors!.TL;DR I have 3.5 months clean and I smoked tobacco out of a resinous bong bowl; thoughts? .My apologies that this post is more about drugs than alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I wouldn't call it a relapse but you're setting yourself up for one. It's tough but you can forget the rush of ripping billies. If you get enough time between you and your last cone it doesn't even seem like a good idea anymore- in my experience at least. If I try to smoke one now my lungs haze over instantly and I gag as soon as the smoke hits my throat. Self-preservation or proof of how much damage I've done? A bit of both maybe...Anyway I personally wouldn't count the potential resin as a hit but I'd say the method of delivery itself was a lapse into old behaviour. I think that smoking baccie bongs is just reminding you of old times and you *will* end up smoking weed again. Remember why you quit in the first place. Good luck!
Sounds risky - akin to going through a sixpack of NA beer...Not a slip so much as a step on loose gravel .......Get back to meetings more of them that is *your* normal.
