-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pxqg1/help_with_some_perspective/

So I'm about to pass out. Sober. But it wasn't easy... ..I've had a rough few months. The worst and the best all wrapped in one. Earlier this year I had an amazing girlfriend a great job and a ton of awesome friends. I was trying to stay sober with my live-in girlfriend and things were going great. Then easter Sunday I caught her shooting heroin in the bathroom while I was supposed to be pulling the car around for us to go to dinner where she would meet my family for the first time. Little did she know my Reddit t-shirt exchange gift would arrive in the mail and lead to me running back inside to show her. After a few weeks of reconciling and attempting to work it out hidden bottles of vodka combined with more heroin led to the end of that chapter. ..I had a solid few weeks after that determined to not let booze be the solution to my misery. But within a month it was like I was never sober. That was the beginning of July. By the end of July I told myself it was back on the wagon. It worked temporarily. Then August 4th came. I got a phone call I won't forget. My friend died. At 28. Sudden heart failure. I was the last person he talked to (on FB) less than 30 minutes before he died. Him and his family had housed me when I needed somewhere to live. They fed me and treated me like one of the family. Commence drinking and drowning of sorrows. It's what got me through the memorials the funeral the related events the time spent with his parents. It was a rough and blurry month. ..Then September came. Time to straighten up. I actually got just over two weeks under my belt. But it was my birthday and and I got a call from my exes mother: she had relapsed hard back living on the street cops possibly looking for her. I was planning on staying sober but that call changed those plans. I drank. A lot. But when I sobered up from the binge I recommitted to my attempt at sobriety. That lasted less than a week. ..I got another unforgettable call. Another close friend had passed. Suicide. Depression. I went right back into the thick of it. The waning days of September were spent in a haze and that haze drifted into October. It felt almost normal; drink at a memorials drink before the funeral drink when I got home. Yet somehow I pulled myself out of it mid October. I can't keep doing this. I need to change everything. Drastically. I realized I could be the next to go if I didn't get my shit together. ..I haven't had a drop since October 14th the final services. I got on a strictly diet. I stopped chewing my nails. I exercise daily. I enjoy my nights reading. I am at 22 days a feat I've only voluntarily accomplished once before in 11 years of drinking/drugs. I've dropped 15 pounds my nails look great my outlook is positive I'm finally feeling proud of myself again. But the shit won't stop coming. ..Earlier this week I got another call. My close friend was in jail. Attempted murder (of his girlfriend). Apparently another friend had gotten him strung out on speed and they were up for 5 days when his mind just snapped. Fuck. Not more bullshit. But at least everyone is alive. I didn't drink but it left me stressed and upset. Now today my neighbor told me he saw my ex. He described her as 'close to death' when he saw her acting crazy on the streets. It's weighing on me with the weight of everything else. I know her ending back there after making her move out isn't my fault. It weighs on my conscience nonetheless. ..I have 6 beers in the fridge and a pint of vodka in the freezer. They will be thrown out in the morning because for the first time in over three weeks I caught myself staring at them while making dinner. I'm worried about this week. Paranoid. I feel like I'm nearing the tipping point.
----------immediate responses--------

The phrase that comes to mind is "kicking the can down the road."..String some sober days together bad shit happens drink to numb out can goes down the road.  I know this all too well.  ..Truth is life is never going to be 100% easy and stress free. So how will I cope with tragedy?  Drinking is not the answer.  Stay the course you know better.  Dump that booze now!
[deleted]
Alcohol has not made any of this any better. It may have anesthisized you but it is taking its toll and the feelings you postponed are still there...Yes dump it out but equally important find support in your community AA or smart or IOP or whatever.   ..
This will be harsh but maybe it will help you...I go to meetings about once a week. I'm not about AA and I won't be going forever. I don't have a sponsor and I don't call or talk to people outside of AA but it does help me to hear other people talk and to listen to them...A man spoke last night about one of his sponsee's who had continually relapsed for 2 years. His excuse and it was a good one was that his son had died in a car accident 6 years ago. He drank every day for 4 years and off an on for 2 years after that. The man told him that it was "a golden ticket" and the perfect excuse because no one could blame him for drinking. You lose a job they'll say so what suck it up. Your gf cheats they'll say so what suck it up. Your son dies and yea they won't say anything and you can drink yourself to death...Don't use those things as an excuse. No one is going to fault you for having those horrible things affect you but no one is going to look back and say "he conquered those demons he was a strong and courageous man he inspired me" either. ..My sister died. My father left. I had physical abuse. I had heartbreak. I had a horrible childhood. I drank a botle of vodka almost every day for almost 5 years. I thought I had justified reasons. ..None of those things were justified and were all just excuses for me drinking myself to death. ..Get some help dealing with stress and trauma. A men's group AA an addction's counselor outpatient church whatever it is that can help you deal with the horrible things life throws at you. Throw that booze out get new friends and stop letting other people drag you back down into their misery. You have to cut contact with people that are going to ruin their lives because they're only going to ruin yours as well...I'm sorry if it's harsh but sometimes we need to be told the harsh truth. Death is horrible. No one will fault you. Which means you will continue to blame that and continue to pity yourself instead of just growing up and moving on. People are always going to die. Your parents will die. If you have children they might die before you. Will you use that as a reason to hold on to pain and suffering and continue drinking to death? Or will you choose to remember happy times realize you got to experience life with them for a short while and go make new experiences? The choice is yours and only yours...Good luck.
