-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1py8lx/maybe_youre_not_actually_an_alcoholic_after_all/

Stupid brain. This morning it's feeding me these ridiculous thoughts...look how *easy* this is (it's day 11 for fuck's sake. Real life hasn't completely set in yet) you're so much *different* than a lot of the people at AA (no I'm NOT. I'm exactly the same) etc etc. Obviously I know exactly how and why these thoughts are wrong but it's still annoying this attempt to justify my not being an alcoholic. Of course I'm an alcoholic. ..Any words of wisdom? I am *not* going to relapse over this but yeah it's just frustrating.
----------immediate responses--------

Not qualified for words of wisdom because I'm not that wise.  I can say that I hear ya though.  Right now the thought of drinking appalls me because I feel like a roadkill skunk.  But I know that as I start feeling physically better my subpar brain will start with the rationalizations that I can have a drink or too...Yep stupid brains.
http://www.xa-speakers.org/..Pick something and listen.  Or hit a meeting and bring that up as a topic.  Or read step 1 stuff in the big book and/or 12x12.  Or maybe use this thread to type out what it was like 12 days ago?
At least you have control over your brain and you can identify those dangerous thoughts. Keep reading through the stories on this sub. I thought I wasn't that bad maybe I just drank too much sometimes etc... but I've already found so many people who had the exact same drinking habits as me and it's made me feel less alone. :)
My technique was to personify that voice into something ridiculous.  Ie. A slimy used car salesman mine was a wacked out parrot veteran of too many acid trips who liked to see me fuck up pick your own it allows you to - consider the source and shake it off.
"Negative thoughts are like unwelcome guests. Just because they show up at the door doesn't mean they have a right to stay."..It helps to get up and act when these thoughts occur. For example walk around the block clean a closet play a video game or call someone. Break the spell by moving and changing scenery.
[deleted]
I have no good words of wisdom because I'm at the "I have no idea what I'm doing but maybe I have a problem" stage.  But one thought I've had to counter that exact same thought is kind of "So What?"  Even if I'm "not an alcoholic"  I'm healthier without it.  Life is still really great without alcoholic I don't need it so doing without it is just the better plan for me.  
The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking. If you start comparing yourself with other members' stories then you are going to find holes in every single comparison. You might relate to people but it was easy for me to find the differences in every person I heard. Just remember that we all have our stories and when you get a chance to share your story or lead a meeting you will feel more apart of the group and things will get easier. We all have our journeys take care!
I find it really helpful to personify my alcoholism. ..Have you ever had a "friend" who constantly talks you into very bad choices and gets you in trouble? Someone who convinces you something will be fun when it is in fact dangerous and stupid? This person is usually very good at slipping away before getting caught leaving you holding the bag. I think everyone has known someone like this...My alcoholism is like that. He's a real bastard a lying manipulator. He will do and say anything to get what he wants. And he does not care one bit what is good for me or not. When I listened to him he was the most persuasive prick in the world. ..Here's the thing though: he can't make me do anything. He can only try to talk me into it. And once I stopped listening his arguments got a lot less convincing. And the longer I went telling him to shut up the less often he spoke up. I rarely hear from him at all anymore and when I do it is almost laughable now. ..Of course I don't really believe it is a different person but this mental game made it a whole lot easier for me to ignore that voice and stay sober...You are doing a good thing for yourself. It will change your life for the better if you stick with it. Good luck. ..
I've relapsed multiple times this year for this exact same reason! And last night...I started to think the same thing. Carr talks about this as a "little monster" that we need to starve to death by not drinking. Let's kill the bastard!
Yeah I'm not an alcoholic I might think; but even when I convince myself of that I can't shake the one undeniable truth that MAKES me an alcoholic in the first place:  I can't stop obsessing about alcohol even if it's just to deny that I'm alcoholic.
Whenever my stupid brain tells me this I think about Craig Ferguson's comments and I say back "See? You're right. I don't have a drinking problem I have a *thinking* problem."
Thanks for posting I definitely relate. I was worried I'd pick up again when I was feeling low but instead the temptations are coming at the best of times-  "well I'm cured now! Let's do shots to celebrate!" And such. I usually yell at my brain when this happens then calmly explain to it that the reason I'm feeling so good lately is BECAUSE I quit drinking. 
I don't think your brain will ever stop telling you that you're not an alcoholic. Well I suppose it's possible but it doesn't seem very common.  If you talk to people who had years of sobriety and lost it all they all say the same thing: "I thought I could handle it."  It's never "My wife left me" or "I got fired from my job."  At least not for people who have years &amp; years of sobriety.  For them it's always *I thought i could handle a few drinks every now and again.*..To me this seems to indicate that basing your sobriety on whether you can or can't drink is a losing battle. If it's "I can't drink because I'm an alcoholic" the flip side of that is always going to be *That means I can drink if I'm not an alcoholic. Hmmm....*..I don't worry about whether I'm an alcoholic or not.  As long as I don't drink it doesn't matter either way. So I focus on not wanting to drink in the first place.  A lot of this comes down to choosing to not drink for positive reasons rather than negative reasons. ..Some negative motivators:  I can't drink because when I drink I drink too much. I can't drink because when I drink I get hangovers.  I can't drink because when I drink I wake up in strangers' beds. ..Some positive reasons: I don't drink because I enjoy exercising in my spare time. I don't drink because I like getting up early.  I don't drink because I like feeling energetic. I don't drink because I enjoy having good conversations.  I don't drink because I enjoy spending time with my family.  I don't drink because life is a gift and I want to be present for all of it.  I don't drink because I enjoy not feeling an urge to drink...The problem with using negative motivators is that they don't last forever.  The further you get from your last drunk episode the less they matter.  And there's always a counter argument - if your sobriety is based on "I can't drink because I drink too much" your brain's response is always going to be "this time it will be different." ..Positive motivators can't be countered as easily.  I know that if I drink I won't feel as sharp as I normally do. The amount doesn't even matter; one drink is enough. I know that if I drink I will want another drink tomorrow.  Can I fight that urge?  Part of my brain says "Hell yeah you can!"  (It's likely wrong.)  That's why the question isn't *can* I fight the urge it's *do I want* to fight that urge?  That's a much easier question to answer.  No I don't...My brain likes to tell me that I can have a drink today and everything will be fine. Of course it does - if it didn't I wouldn't be here amirite?  That's why I think it's futile to even fight that battle.  So I let the brain win.  OK brain you win.  I could have a drink and everything will turn out fine. You're brilliant.  You're strong.  You're right.  But I don't *want* to.  End of argument..
I think there's a strong stereotyped image of what an "alcoholic" is and does and even if you know better it's very easy to appeal to this fiction and say well that's not me. I didn't drink every day sometimes I would drink in moderation and so on. ..I had a lot of problems with the term. When I stopped 2 years ago I first had a big reveal: it does not matter what I call myself; I need to change what I do. I can think of myself simply as a person who really needs to stop drinking. Maybe I am not an alcoholic - I still can't drink since if due to some technicality I'm not a "real" alcoholic I'm clearly right up at the line. Maybe that was BS but it helped me do what I needed to do.
"If I'm an alcoholic I can't drink...If I'm not an alcoholic I don't need to drink"..Caroline Knapp. Drinking a Love Story. 
