-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pz2c8/badge_reset/

This past week I lost my grandmother and my dog. I relapsed without thinking. It's like I completely forgot I had stopped drinking. I just had to put this out there in writing. 
----------immediate responses--------

I found I had to commit to putting hard breaks into my drinking ritual to give a shot at short circuiting the behavior. For me one thing I do is keep a sober support phone list and I commit to calling every name on that list in the event I find a drink in my hand (and before I drink). I do not use to for them talk me out of it I use it to remind to STOP AND THINK... and I make the calls. ..My habits can become roller coaster rides with no need of a driver once they get started. If I am not careful just driving down the wrong street can end up with me black out drunk before I have a carefully considered thought. By implementing circuit breakers to STOP the ritual before it is too late I give myself a real chance to pull out of it. ..We are all on unique journeys and I have no idea what particular thing may work for you but my advice is to consider if there is anything new you can add to your program that gives you that opportunity to slam on the breaks and just pause be still and consider. ..Good luck and please learn from your experience it will pay huge dividends in the future.
I feel for ya. I have 2 dogs that are going to die soon and it is going to be a major trigger for me. I hope it was just a one day thing for you.  Hugs for your losses.
Sorry about your losses.  When you remember them remember the words of Dr. Suess "Don't cry because its' over; smile because it happened."..Stay strong and just get back on the wagon.  We're all in this together.
My sympathy for your losses. They are in your heart and memory now..               .Drinking didn't fix anything though.             .When you are serious about quitting it will be impossible to forget because you'll remember what happens when you drink.                                      .Nothing changes if nothing changes.                                        .Ready set go!
Badge reset for me as well although I don't have the reasoning that you do. Sorry for your losses...I think having it in writing helps as a form of accountability...PM me if you want/need to chat.
