-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1q5uza/hey_everyone/

Hey guys I've been lurking here for a little while and finally decided to make an account and say hi. I'm 24 and have been gradually becoming more dependent on alcohol over the past 2 years. It got to the point where I was drinking a lot every night at home (at the very least a 6 pack of very strong beer) and waking up with hangovers most days of the week (if not hung over to the point of being in pain the next day at least to the point of not having energy and having bad stomach crap--all that beer really did a number on my digestion). I'm not a mean person and am very reluctant to say anything too critical to people when sober but when drunk I have had maybe half a dozen episodes where I went into a blind rage over a really small thing and ultimately lost friends because of it--good friends too. I've never been physically violent with anyone but I have beaten people with words. Looking back now I can see how my drinking was escalating and becoming more and more of a problem....I decided I wouldn't drink during November. I can't remember the last time I went more than a day without drinking (and even that was rare). I kept my word and am a week sober now (yay!!!). I feel amazing. I have been losing weight going to the gym eating well...all of these changes I'd been wanting to make before are falling in to place almost naturally now that I have more energy time and self respect. ...So even though this was supposed to be a 1 month "break" from drinking I am seriously thinking about just staying off the sauce for good. This week has been great for reflecting; I am seeing now how much of a grip alcohol had on me and from reading things here I realize how bad it can (and probably will) get if I went back to drinking. I quit smoking 8 months ago and that was a huge struggle for me--something that took me hundreds of attempts to actually do. I don't fool around with nicotine--it's no smoke for me not one puff ever--cause I know I'll just end up right back where I was at before smoking a pack a day. I'm thinking alcohol is probably the same too. Ultimately I think I'm still in denial on some level that this is as serious a problem as it is for me--though every day I stay sober and look back on the past couple of years the more I'm convinced.
----------immediate responses--------

I think only you know what is best for you. But I think you are having the realization that I had about how insidiously bad alcohol drugs and addiction in general is. I think future you will have a lot more to be thankful for than be regretful over if you continue down this path...Good luck amigo.
[deleted]
Congratulations! It's nice to be able to evaluate your life and decisions with a clear head. All I've been able to figure out so far is that alcohol is a poor solution to life's normal challenges.
I'm very sorry for what you have lost. It's hard I  know it is. My husband has lost more than a few friends and caused serious damage in his relationships with his family. ..I think you will find after 30 days you will want to stay sober. The feeling of being sober after struggling with actual abuse of alcohol the will make you not want to turn back. I find your post encouraging but I want to say: November - Thanksgiving. One of the highest times for DUI in the country (I think #1 but not positive.) If you having family that drinks and will be with them be prepared to deal with things that might make you uncomfortable and kick that anxiety up. Just a heads up. I'm not sure if you still spend time with or will spend time with people that drink but for some it can make it really really hard. ..One week sober is a huge deal. I agree that I think you will find it like smoking. If you make it one month why turn back? You'll feel good although there may be tough points along the way you sound strong willed and I think you can do it. Best wishes. 
