-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qgkff/if_you_have_doubts_about_hitting_an_aa_meeting_id/

If you're doing it on your own and it's working for you-great.  I did it on my own for 6 months.  Eventually went back to my old ways.  I went to my 1st meeting a little over a week ago.  Been to 6 so far. I was ashamed to go so I went to one far from my hometown.  I'm finding it gives you quite the charge to attend these.  They welcome you with open arms.  They will welcome you BACK with open arms if you relapse. You don't have to say a word.  Find a beginners meeting- go to it -sit and listen. No judgement.  I've learned more in a week than I have in a lifetime.  Listening to people who have similar problems and how they deal with them is VERY helpful to your sobriety.  I was blown away.  My particular reason for going was the state of depression and anxiety I would slump into after drinking.  To find out a lot of people had this very same issue really is helping me out.  .Not saying it's for everyone just saying it's a real eye opener for me.  .Good luck everyone~
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
That shock of recognition really is something isn't it? Congratulations. 
I really enjoy them too - Not sure if you've experienced this yet (I'd be surprised if not) but they can also be really *funny* in a gallows-humor sort of way. It's nice &amp; lets the tension out and lets us joke about ourselves. ..For some reason when a couple people get into a comparison match about their shittiest most OMG experience that *DID'T* lead them to sobriety it becomes the funniest thing ever... "Fell backwards down concrete steps ten metal staples in my scalp - blood everywhere" - oh that's nothing - "Stumbled &amp; fell drunk - on the boardwalk nail through my head air-lifted to medical treatment" Oh how about when someone fell on the subway tracks? ..Nope - none of these experiences drove the people to get sober; it was "just a bad incident" at the time. Looking back it's like a hilarious battle wound you can trot out to amuse others (in the group). ..Beware though "normal" people don't find this shit funny.
Great post.  
Thanks for sharing this encouraging post. 
Shame. What a terrible feeling for us to have. I really don't get why there's so much shame about having a disease. Do people who have diabetes or cancer feel ashamed? No I think most of them just what to do whatever it takes to get better. If taking care of yourself is shameful then that's just wrong. There's nothing shameful about going to AA to save your life.
