-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qp0v3/daily_checkin_111513/

Okay first up- for those who asked yesterday the meditation counter app is called Meditation Helper; it's Android-only as far as I know. The icon is a red wheel like the steering wheel of a ship. Also I didn't think so far head as to provide actual gold stars but excellent work to those who earned them :P..Okay soooo I didn't call my sponsor today. I didn't go to a meeting either. I did a bit of cleaning and worked on some music... I intended on cleaning my room but ended up doing stuff for the greater household. My housie thanked me when he got home which was really nice. Good people I live with. His girlfriend also reaffirmed that I've got many people to call if I'm struggling with the idea of drinking. She said he has no experience with being an addict but she's been around it and has seen what it does. The same has been echoed by both of my housemates in their own time and way...When trying to deal with the thought of a sponsor and *having* to go to meetings I feel nothing but anxiety. Feeling like a failure has been a major factor in my sustained alcoholism... I can't shake the idea that I'm setting myself up for failure by making promises I'll find it very hard if not impossible to keep. I think I owe it to my sponsor to get in touch with him and communicate this be firm in that I intend on staying sober but I don't feel that 'working the program' is for me. I'll still hit meetings every so often but not keep a rigid schedule. I feel that this is an approach that will work for me...In other news I got an email from school reminding me that I'm on double secret probation because I didn't attend class this week. That's enough stress for me at the moment got 2 assessments due next week which I've only just started. Fuck having to do the stepwork on top of that I'll either flake out of school the program or both and just feel absolutely shithouse as a result. I've been biting my lip to the point of it and my tongue being swollen... This means *too much stress* and it started when I went to the meeting on Wednesday. When I was on the tram on the way home I was in abject misery and nearly crying because I felt so conflicted between my belief that I can do this using similar techniques to a 12-step program but in my own style and the insistence that I'm completely fucked if I don't go to AA. I feel that this is one of my word salad posts but ehhh... Need to communicate it somehow...Anyway. I have my meditation helper and I have SimplyNoise which generates white pink or brown noise. It also has an oscillation feature which increases and decreases the volume of the tone around the volume level you've set. The effect is comparable to waves on a beach. I'm going for 20 minutes of brown noise the most soothing to me with mantra repetition on each inhalation and exhalation. *Om namah Shivaya* I bow to the inner self...Have a good one all and to those working the steps I don't mean to insult you; this is purely my thought process on the program and how I relate to it. To those who are apprehensive of trying it out in the first place go and check it out for yourself before writing it off. I'm an odd one and I know it works for a lot of people...It's weekend tiem what are y'all getting up to? I get to see Neutral Milk Hotel tomorrow night... I thought the day would never come. Joy!
----------immediate responses--------

I've got a short work day today.  I'm heading to Krav Maga then lunch then to the airport to pick up my wife.  She's been away on business for almost two weeks.  I can't wait to see her!
I have to take my daughter's car in for service.  We got her a clunker to get her to and from work/school and I want to give it a thorough once-over so I can start queuing up the maintenance it needs...Then since I'm out and about on my own I was going to sneak off to see Ender's Game (again...saw it with my kids a couple of weeks ago but loved it).  ..Then it's household chores my projects and some video games this weekend.
It's good you have people around that are understanding of what you are dealing with. Shitty about school...I've had not the best day pay day but bills eat it all. I'm at least happy we had enough to pay what was needed. Credit card isn't getting paid which sucks because my husband's credit was the only good credit we had but we have to pay what we have to live. Mortgage water pud gasoline. Daycare can wait till next pay day I'm very lucky to have an understanding daycare provider. My husband is ALL stressed out about the money. I understand because it stresses me out to but we can only do what we can do. I'm not going to let it break me mentally or emotionally. Although I wanna pull my hair out. I remind myself WE dug this hole. Part of getting sober isn't just stopping drinking it's cleaning up the giant ass mess we made of ourselves. I don't try to explain it to him. It only frustrates him more. ..Working at the DMV today. So far only one really rude customer. Actually really slow. Kicked out a bunch of dealer work first thing this morning so the morning went quick but now I'm just sitting here on Reddit. Since I figured out my financials w/o getting a payday loan. BONUS. Although getting one would be less hurtful than not paying the card.... back to work. Some days I LOVE my job. Others I can't stand it. People are so rude its unbelievable. I get it. Most think we are assholes and trying to make things hard. That's not true. I swear I have to keep from throwing my phone at a customer when they bitch for 15 minutes then say "I know you're just the messenger" or something along those lines. How about you just don't be an asshole?! The lady that thru her checkbook at me is lucky I didn't jump over the counter and slap the shit out of her. No one is taking a $4000 counter check. Even if I didn't work here I wouldn't buy a car with out a title with out being at a title place. ..Tomorrow is the big day. Pee wee bowling in the morning and then for the First time someone's kid is staying at my house with out their parents. First slumber party for my son. I'm happy because I know I'm sober and have no fear of taking care of me getting drunk them waking up to see it. I'm nervous because I've never had a slumber party at my place before. I'm still a kid at heart. I would rather build a fort but I think they will have to settle for a tent in the room. Now I realized I'm broke I need to come up with some SUPER cheap fun things for 5 year olds to do. I have the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I think I'm going to make chicken nuggets fries and steamed broccoli. Should go over well. Super nervous but I won't be drinking and that's always a plus! Ooo I'm so nervous. 
[deleted]
