-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qq83h/i_am_mad/

I am disappointed with myself for getting drunk. Not only that I am angry and full of self-hate whenever I relapse. Any alcoholic who is trying to remain clean but fails knows that feeling of loneliness. ...I feel like this sub is great and provides motivation but I have never read a true shitty story. One about how relapsing feels like absolute shit etc. ...I'm sorry for ranting but I just needed that out of my system. .
----------immediate responses--------

The last time I relapsed I had a lot of that anger and self-hate when I finally came down from my bender. There was no choice but to feel shitty: the relapse landed me in jail. For what it's worth that was probably the kick in the tits I needed. Be good to yourselves gang.
You haven't read far enough back. There are plenty of true shitty stories of people falling off feeling horrible and then resetting their badge and getting back on their horse. ..Understanding a relapse and coming back here is a temporary embarrassing feeling. The real shitty feeling is not coming back here and disappearing into the alleys of drunkeness.
/r/cripplingalcoholism there might be a few over here!
Well once I quit drinking for 4 days then went on a bender and shit my pants do you want something like that? Unfortunately i have more than a few. We more (imho) support and help each other rather than hash a lot of bad memories. We tell the bad stories in context of getting sober. I hope this doesn't sound snarky I don't mean it like that at all. This place is great you'll get a lot out of it!
Just go to a few AA meetings and listen. I've been going to AA meetings for over 10 years now and I'm still blown away by some stories...There are loads of recordings you can download too for free from various recovery websites...e.g...http://xa-speakers.org/pafiledb.php?action=file&amp;id=3026..When I'm not in meetings I'm usually listening to a speaker tape on my mobile...Good luck...
It does feel like absolute shit. Just the bottle and you and every tick of the second hand determining whether the bottle is full or empty. Believe me I know that feeling...BUT.... But... You don't need to beat yourself up over it. It's frustrating and it sucks but for people with drinking problems that's par for the course. I relapsed many many times...The key is taking action to make sure it doesn't happen again. Write down how you feel right now. How much it hurts how lonely it feels. Read that every time you feel like drinking again and also when you don't. You don't have to feel like that again if you don't want to. I hate to be overly optimistic if that's not what you're looking for but as someone who has been your shoes I *have* to be upbeat about it - that's the best way to get out of that spiral...You can do it too. Take some time to reflect assess what happened but them move on and get back on the horse. We're all here doing the same thing every day and it gradually gets better and easier. You got it.
