-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qqwb0/so_i_had_that_dream_the_other_night/

In the dream I relapsed and when I woke up hungover(in the dream still) I came to this sub and saw my flair had automatically reset to 1 day.  Once I woke up for real I couldn't help but chuckle a bit over the flair thing...I know a lot of people in recovery dread those dreams.  Call me crazy but I'm pretty grateful for them.  To me it's like a free lesson; I get to remember what the shame of slipping up feels like without actually slipping up.  
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you I have drinking dreams and feel so guilty sick and angry at myself! ( in my dream )They do help to remind you what it's like as we tend to forget the reality of it at least I do..The thing I've learned about relapse is that it doesn't have to be the end of the world. Not that I'm not worried about it happening again instead I choose not to dread it or even think about it very much. I just know that I won't drink today every day..Thanks for sharing :)
Dreaming of drinking is actually a great sign of recovery. Your mind is taking stock of what processes are still working and what processes can be dismantled so to speak. When you were drinking I would bet you never had a drinking dream because it was your reality. Your mind is separating the drinking from your reality all together and breaking down the pathways needed for that behavior. The dreams will eventually subside but before they do they will become more peaceful. 
I had one of those dreams just last night!  Basically I was going home and decided I could stop by the bar and hang out but not drink.  Next I know I come home to find my husband kissing my friend!  So I go nuts and fight and kick people out of the house.  When I wake up the next day I find out I somehow had gotten so drunk that I did not recognize that the man was not my husband but my friend's husband after all - and I was also told that I got really nasty with them and they wanted nothing to do with me anymore!  I was hungover and heartbroken and so ashamed that I failed yet again.....And then I woke up.  Took me a second to realize it was all a dream.  Thank God!  I have since had a lovely morning with my hubby and kitty. :-)
I hate the drinking dreams.  Waking up to guilt is not a good way to start the day but when I woke up (last time I was sober for a long while) I just had to pat myself on the back for not actually drinking and move on with the day...Right now I'm struggling with dreams of people breaking into my apartment.  Not fun to wake up to that.
I had this dream last night. I dreamed that I woke up hungover without any recollection of going to bed the night before. When I actually woke up I was SO relieved. I've had so many mornings where I didn't remember the previous night at all and woke up with such shame and guilt. It's definitely motivation for me to stay sober. 
