-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qsoj4/i_just_finished_an_aa_meeting/

When I got dropped off I had thoughts racing in my head about where I could walk to from there and go get drunk instead of going to the meeting. At first I was the youngest one there until two other young girls showed up. This was my 3rd meeting.. but the other two were over 8 months ago. I am going to find some begginner meetings in my area. Listening to people discussing their struggles after 7 12 22 years... I cant wrap my head around it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Not every meeting is for everyone.  I know what you're talking about having everyone else's drunkalogues running through your head. Keep trying until you find one with your kind of people.  Maybe Al-Ateen is more suited.  It's what *you* find comfortable that is important.  ..You can do this. .. I've met people from Gamblers Anonymous who had  to come to our meeting because his next one didn't start for a couple of hours.  We do what we need to to keep ourselves safe.
Don't let the differences deter you from getting the message. Old-timers are sometimes difficult to warm up to but they're old-timers because they're really fucking smart. It's not always easy to separate the message from the person delivering it but there's a tremendous upside to being able to.
I did some creepy reddit stalking to figure out where you are and it looks like there are a variety of meetings in your area but no Young People ones! For that I recommend http://www.fcypaa.net &lt;- and try to hook up with a YP group maybe in a surrounding area at least once a month get to know folks and go to the conferences! And come to ICYPAA next year! ..Besides Beginner meetings I'd also recommend women's meetings. Mixed meetings especially full of old timers tend to be male dominated &amp; it can be hard to relate. Just that a meeting is all women often helps with relating. Also tell the women you want to find people your own age in recovery. I did a 10 week internship in a town this summer and I somehow made a meeting schedule that missed the only other early 20 woman something in my area. I didn't know she existed! 
