-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rarvr/struggling_to_make_it_to_daily_aa_meetings/

I take public transit and travel 1-1.5hrs one way to work every day. This already takes up most of my waking hours if I try to make a meeting as well then my whole day is meeting/work. Also usually if I go to a meeting I have a 2-3 hour layover after before I start work where I would just have to wonder around the city to kill time...I make about 1 meeting a week but everyone always says you need to go every day especially in early sobriety. I want to get a new sponsor but I know the first thing he is going to say is I need to go to a meeting every day which is the one thing my current sponsor is relaxed about...I also I feel like in order to really "work" the program you have to be going daily and if you don't other people in the fellowship stay a little distant from you...So my question is how do you guys think I can work my program every day without needing to make a meeting every single day?????..TL;DR: work takes up half my day and meetings take up other half. Looking for ways to stay active and working the program without having to do a meeting every day...EDIT: Grammar
----------immediate responses--------

How many days a week did you drink? When you were drinking did it take up the other half of your day? Maybe online meetings?  
I personally find a combination of frequenting and participating here daily calling my sponsor daily texting/calling other alcoholics and my 3 meetings a week work for me. I also try to go to lunch with some girls from my Friday woman's group every other week.  That said everyone is different. Some people need to go to one or more meetings a day just to keep their head above water. If I ever find myself struggling to stay away from a drink you can be damned sure I will be there every single day. Most people I know did 90 in 90 but there are some like me that didn't and connect with others...Do you call other people in the program? Go to the functions that they have like potlucks?  Those are some ways to connect. Hit up one of the Alkathons on Thanksgiving if you're able. That'll give you all day to reach out to others in person...Good luck!.
There's nothing mandatory about a meeting every day. I think you can work the program without demanding it from yourself or having others pressure you. ..Online support such as this subreddit and online meetings is available. You can talk to your sponsor and other AA members by phone. Working the steps demands time alone to write. These are some things you can do to work the program.
I found time to drink despite commute work child care  etc...
[deleted]
I use public transport a lot. I listen to tapes downloaded from..http://www.xa-speakers.org/ ..I started with Joe and Charlie but I must have listened to a couple of thousand hours of shares by now. They are my meeting in between meetings. Having said that my day's are pretty much work and meetings they have to be if I want to stay sober. I go to meetings near work and then I travel back home. I leave home at 8am and rarely get back home before 10pm - it's no hardship...Good luck - also when your head clears (too me about 6 months) read the literature - all the literature - and re-read it. I got the job of literature secretary at my group just so I could read it all for free...
