-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rfrni/i_think_i_have_a_problem/

I feel like I've spent the last few months convincing myself that I'm fine I **can** control my drinking and it's just what most university students do...But I finally have to admit that my drinking is becoming problematic...It started a few months ago I believe as a response to stressful situations which made me feel nervous/anxious. I'd drink to make myself feel more at ease and sociable which seemed to work for awhile. But then it just seemed to get worse overnight. I wasn't drinking to make myself feel better in certain situations I was drinking because I *had* to. Even now it feels like a very specific thirst that won't go away unless I manage to struggle past the feeling of *"Oh god I need a fucking drink right now"*. ..Ugh I can't explain it with any eloquence but it just seems like I don't have an 'off' switch. As in once I start drinking I can't seem to stop. I've lost count of the amount of times I've woken up with no recollection of the night before. Not only that I've lost bags bank cards keys and fuck knows what else whilst drunk - never to be seen again. I've embarrassed myself in front of so many people; the highlight of which was probably my best friend rescuing me from nearly drowning on my own puke. Yet it's not enough to make me stop. ..I've tried talking to people I trust about this and they just tell me to "have an off-night from drinking a few times a week" and "just stop"! I wish it were as easy as that. I just don't know anymore. I keep spiraling further down and I don't know what to do. ..Any advice would be appreciated it really would. <3
----------immediate responses--------

If you're in Uni there has to be an AA meeting nearby. You're not the only one going through this I assure you. Your friends obviously don't understand. Find some people that do. Just reading posts on here might bring some motivation as well. We've all been there. The chatroom in the sidebar on the right can be a big help as well.
It sounds like a problem to me...The thing to understand is: people without drinking problems generally HAVE NO IDEA what it's like.  So to them just taking a night off is a piece of cake.  "Of course!"  But they don't understand that it's not that easy...Use the FAQ in the sidebar to see the resources available to you to help you quit if that's what you want to do...For me I chose to use therapy with a psychologist that specializes in addiction (and is a recovering addict herself) SMART Recovery meetings a handful of AA meetings recovery-related books this sub-reddit and the webchat (also in the sidebar)...I think it was important for me to have a multi-pronged approach to recovery so that I wasn't relying on any one thing to help me get/stay sober.  And for a year it's worked well...Trust me only the very beginning is terrible.  The desire to drink and the discomfort associated with quitting goes away relatively quickly.  Then you can focus on reshaping your life so that alcohol doesn't have to be a focus.  You can also begin to address the problems that led you to drinking in the first place...Good luck!
It does take huge effort to break out of the spiral of alcoholic drinking. It absolutely can be done and you should do it right now. Find Young Peoples AA meetings and start attending them. Many colleges have them on campus.  I know it's frightening but do it any way and do it sober.  The meeting leader might ask if there are any newcomers you can just raise your hand and say your first name. Just listen to what people there are saying. It might not feel as if you are taking in much but that's all right. People will be friendly and kind. Let them help you. Keep going back it gets better.
[deleted]
Take the Alcohol Assessment Test in the sidebar. It may give you insight into what you already know to be the truth. Let us know.
Yeah once I drank myself across a certain line any drinking put me at risk of dangerously uncontrolled drinking and impaired actions of all sorts.   Worse in the throes of alcoholism I hard-wired an obsessive-compulsive bent in my thinking that meant to me that when I wasn't drinking I was seriously obsessed with thinking about all aspects of drinking.  It's what I call the hard calculus of alcoholism.  Stop drinking and then recovering relieved me of the obsession.  Good luck to you.
You've got a problem. In my opinion that "specific thirst" is the difference between a a heavy drinker and an alcoholic. That thirst is why I only ate at restaurants with bars. It's why our brain never says "stop drinking" once we start. It's why our cars seem to drive themselves to the gas stations and why we can find the money for alcohol when we don't have gas money. ..You lose shit forget shit and fuck shit up but you just keep drinking. So did I. I'm an alcoholic. If you continue to drink one of the few things you can be sure of is that things will get worse. It might be fast it might be slow but the general trend will be *down*. ..Your friends are wrong. That's all there is to it. I'm in college as well. College drinking is so excessive that the line between heavy drinker and alcoholic is pretty indefinite. Your friends don't see it. You do. Congratulations! Seek support! I can't say enough good things about AA (I'm an atheist) but there's lots of other options. Hopefully this sub can also offer you alot of support. Good luck! Keep us updated! 
