-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rheur/alcoholic_or_teetotaller/

Recently I came to the idea that by changing my mindset I can affect the way I feel about alcohol somewhat.  When I call myself an alcoholic I want to drink more from the pain and history attached to the word.  It's almost as if for me the idea of being an alcoholic means I will have to struggle with the problem the rest of my life and that seems overwhelming.  However if I simply think of myself as a teetotaller.  As a person who used to drink but now chooses not to drink I feel much more empowered over alcohol.  This sounds a bit dangerous but I feel it has somewhat decreased my cravings and given me a significant tool in living a sober life.  DAE have any experience with this kind of mentality?
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholic such an emotive word. I watched an AA speaker on YouTube he introduced himself as a recovered alcoholic I liked it. I also love the word sober. Sober in mind. Doesn't matter what's important is what works for you. Congratulations on your first week be well.
I'm in a very similar mindset- struggling with the idea that I'll be labelling myself an alcoholic internally long after my friends and family simply know me as a non-drinker. I like Craig Fergusons's line 'I don't have a drinking problem though I can get one fast...'..I don't think it's dangerous unless I convince myself that I can drink again at which point I *will* become an alcoholic... That there is no middle ground no moderation- I've tried that several times doesn't work...Keen to hear what others think about this.
I only refer to myself as an alcoholic in AA meetings or when I'm talking about my alcoholism at meetings with health or social care professionals. ..Saying you are alcoholic to non-alcoholics or people who are not health car professionals doesn't go down well at all. I've found that they don't even really understand recovered or recovering alcoholics. Former alcoholic is a little better. But these days I just say "I don't drink". ..For normal people the idea that a person who doesn't drink can be an alcoholic is nonsense  - it just doesn't make sense. So I try not to confuse them further..I'm quite open about it - people at work know I don't drink. It's a great get out from all those boring social gatherings I used to think I had to go to when I was drinking. I just say I wont be going or I won't stay long because I don't drink. Sure I'll go for a meal but I don't drink. ..But the best thing about saying "I don't drink" is no-one absolutely no-one has ever asked me why I don't drink. People just don't. I find it absolutely amazing. Every time I say to someone new that "I don't drink"  I wait for the question "why not" and it never comes. It's been 4 years now and I've come to the conclusion that on-one in the whole world is in the least bit remotely interested in why I don't drink...The only people I have ever found who want me to talk about why I don't drink are alcoholics and they are the last people who want to talk about alcoholism because 99% of them are not in recovery and therefore in complete denial - the last thing they want to do is stop drinking so why would they ask me how I do it?..Good luck - I consider myself a teetotal alcoholic but most people I know just know I don't drink - they don't know why and they couldn't care less ..
I take Dr. Bob's approach. I only refer to myself as an alcoholic here or in meetings. For me it's basically for ease of speech.  If I say I'm an alcoholic here you know what I mean.... I drank I did bad things; if I drink again I will do bad things and possibly die from the result of those bad things. I know that I will never be able to take that first drink so I am also a person who doesn't drink and that's what I tell others. Like him no one seems to care excepting those that know I used to. It's only a label but whatever works for you. I would just be wary that you don't convince yourself later on down the line that you really can pick up that first drink because you're "not an alcoholic". 
[deleted]
I have wondered about this too. The tricky part is that people refer to themselves as an alcoholic for life to reinforce the idea that they will never be 'cured' and therefore wont fall for the old "its been 2 years sure I can have a glass with dinner hey its Christmas" trap. The flip-side as you say is that self identifying as alcoholic can be a source of guilt in itself. My personal balance there (and clearly I'm no expert) is to accept that I am not defined by my past and that I simply cannot drink in moderation (I suspect genetics are at work but that's another story). Guilt is its own drug and is as addictive as anything. Good luck!
[deleted]
I wondered about this even before I stopped drinking. I never really considered using "alcoholic" among friends and family for all the reasons people have posted. So I've been saying "I'm not drinking" which is perhaps a self-conscious copout since it appears to leave the door open. 
Out and about I don't refer to myself as alcoholic. I remember one great anniversary party I went to. There was a wine bar set up at the entrance and a young friend of the family serving as bartender. When he offered me a glass I said "No thanks. I don't drink." When he praised the wine and said something about Party Spirit I said "I don't drink *anymore*" It made him blush. I still get a giggle out of it years later.
&gt; struggle with the problem the rest of my life..Alcoholism is a lifetime disease but I haven't "struggled" with it my whole life. Once a non-drinking lifestyle was established I started to move through life with as much ease as any of us achieves. I am an alcoholic but it isn't a pejorative label. It just means I have a disease and for me it is in remission as long as I don't drink. Not drinking is just part of who I am and has been for over thirty years. It has not been a lifetime "struggle".
To me the wording doesn't matter .  I can't drink responsibly. I never will be able to.  So I go to AA meetings. ..My family never supported my recovery (what if the neighbors found out the shame/s). So I don't really care that they don't consider me an alcoholic...I go to bars with friends still (team victory parties play pool play pinball dance etc..) and no one really Cares that I'm sober. I just drink my water and talk...You can't drink. Whatever you want to call it whatever your friends call it doesn't really matter. ..Just don't Ever forget you can't drink. Don't ever forget that you need to continue to work with alcoholics.
I think choosing positive labels can certainly be empowering. Though I'm still quite young in my sobriety what has helped me the most so far is framing things in a positive manner. I don't focus on the "not drinking" I focus on embracing sobriety with a positive and expectant attitude. Viewing myself as someone who chooses not to drink because it greatly enhances my life has produced far better results than viewing myself as an alcoholic who must abstain. It's probably a matter of personal preference. For me it works.
As others have said I don't think it matters much what you call it.  When I came to r/stopdrinking I had a preconceived idea of what the word meant.  Bums with bottles in bags living under bridges.  That sort of thing...I've come to understand the word means someone who has had alcohol become a problem in their health relationships and/or their lives in general.  And... that's me...But like Dr. Bob said I don't go around announcing it to everyone.  Others have the same notion of what the word means that I did.  So I don't actually call it anything.  I just don't drink.  I'm sober...All of that said I think it's worth framing it in your mind however it's going to make it easier for you.  To be honest this should be a temporary problem for you.  DO WHATEVER IT TAKES to get momentum going.  Go to AA don't call yourself an alcoholic call yourself an alcoholic exercise take walks meditate pour out all alcohol stay with your parents do outpatient treatment go to rehab ... whatever.  Get that sober ball rolling.  In less than a year you SHOULD get to a point that none of that shit matters.  But once you've made being sober part of your life you MUST start addressing the underlying issues.  And I think you MUST change the way you think about alcohol (taking it down from its pedestal and seeing it for what it is: at best a beverage you don't like; at worst a poison that will ruin your life)...Good luck.
This is also something I've been wondering about recently. ..I know that it's the AA way to never stop thinking you're an alcoholic. Once a drinker.... always a drinker right?..And I understand why it's important to never think you're "cured"...But surely looking forward to the rest of your life with this "condition".... this disease that can't be cured.... surely that's a negative outlook? I'm an alcoholic and I will be an alcoholic the day I die just one that hopefully hasn't drank for a long time? .It's a negative sort of submissive suffocating state of mind isn't it?..What's so bad about looking forward to being able to say I'm a recovered alcoholic? Or just "I don't drink.."?.Or even further... what's up with wanting to get to the stage where it becomes such a tiny insignificant part of my past.... that it doesn't define me anymore? And I don't have to call myself an anything?
I think of it as an allergy to alcohol. My body and mind react differently to alcohol than the average person. ..The longer I go without drinking the easier it gets but the thought of it as an allergy really helped me grapple with it.
