-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rjbsa/lies_nothing_new_but_i_feel_terrible_lying_to/

I had another spectacular relapse the other night did some terrible things at some bars I wouldn't normally be caught dead at. But thats now what's making me feel like shit right now...My parents and old sponsor all think I've got more than six months under my belt. I've now got three days. I know if I told them they would be crushed lose their faith in my ability to do this... lose their trust in me... etc.....There is no way I can let them down. I understand I already have but I would be *devastated* if they found out. Sometimes I think I care more about them than I do for myself. Sober for *them* not me. Uggh...These next few weeks are going to be a new beginning. For the tenth time. Will make more of an effort to keep posting and keep track of my thoughts. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I would rather be held accountable for my actions even failure and especially redemption than be propped up as a scarecrow of success. Consider honesty. That shame is one thing I needed to make it stick. 
It's a little confusing because your flair doesn't comply with what you are posting.                               .Lying and shame kept me drinking. Recovery demands honesty.                 .How are you protecting yourself from alcohol? ..
You should tell them they will be more crushed that you were telling them lies.  They probably know anyhow.  Living with that kind of thing is a complete bastard and it will only lead back to the bottle! Good to hear from you again.  Welcome back!
Without honesty in my recovery I would be doomed to fail. That means honesty with others and myself whatever the short term consequences. Being honest leads to accountability for your actions and in the long term allows you to have an authentic life. One that you can be proud to be living. Slips are slips; pick yourself up brush yourself off and learn from this by being accountable for it. Otherwise what have you really learned? 
Learning to own and deal with our mistakes and flaws is a part of the program. Living a lie like that no matter the reason will not benefit anyone. Secrets keep us sick. People will be disappointed but they'll understand. 
If you aren't honest with them you'll find it hard to be honest with yourself. Part of recovery is learning to be okay with mistakes learning to be honest in all aspects of your life...This will eat at you. Or worse - it will give you fuel to rationalize drinking again...I implore you to come clean. They'll respect you for it. You'll respect you for it. It's never a new beginning friend... It's just another stop in the journey of recovery.
You've told us all about it and we're still here for you. Most alcoholics know enough about this disease to be compassionate. Let folks help you.
