-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rs1uc/today_is_going_to_be_rough/

Well I dreaded this day for a long time. I'm just over 9 months sober now and I wouldn't say I'm on the verge of relapsing I' usually pretty comfortable with being sober. I fucking hate it don't get me wrong I'd rater be drunk all the time but I've come to terms with the fact that I can't drink if I want to live. And recently I actually like the sober life from time to time. I think a few months from now I might be okay. ..My dad turned 60 recently and invited 100-something people to celebrate with him. The party starts in about an hour and I kind of have to go. This will be the first time I'll be around alcohol constantly. I had people drink around me before and I didn't mind too much but this time there will be beers and shots and drunk people everywhere I look. The worst thing is I hate parties loud music and too many people I don't know I'm an extreme introvert with a lot of social anxiety. Just thinking about this makes me want to puke. I'm terrible at small talk and I only survived these things by being very drunk and numb all the time. I drank to escape and to make life more manageable...I really feel like this might be the first time since I got sober that I will get into serious trouble. The combination of a place I really don't want to be lots of alcohol drunk people and the fucking crippling anxiety may be too much I don't know. For the first time I can totally see how I would end up drunk halfway through. I can practically see myself sitting there not able to handle it sneaking off with some booze "just to survive this evening tomorrow's going to be different"...There's no point to this post I just needed to write this down before I go. A sort of "I'm going in.. if you don't hear from me in 6 hours call the sober police". This is going to be a huge test for me. One I can conceivably fail but I won't go down fighting. Wish me luck see you tomorrow either with a badge reset or with a big smile. ..**Update:**..Aaaand I'm home. Still sober. Phew glad that's over. I wasn't super close to relapsing but I constantly wished for some sweet relief. I don't know if that's ever going to change honestly. I'm just a stressed ball of anxiety in these situations and I'll probably always be. I had to remind myself again and again that if I gave in just for tonight for that temporary relief I would be where I was nine months ago - close to death - pretty soon. So I better be miserable for a few more hours it shall be worth it in the end...What I didn't expect was how this whole thing would depress me to be honest. I basically spent 7 hours watching 100 people be way way happier than me. Of course I know everyone has ups and downs and I just don't see when other people have their lows. But realistically speaking just tonight 100 people had more fun than I had this whole fucking year combined. It just feels unfair. Then I come home and there are like 20 people on twitter having a great time while I barely hang on to my sanity. ..I don't know maybe I'm way overreacting maybe my brain is still fucked from this unusual amount of stimuli or something. I don't really understand my emotions right now I'll have some exploring to do. But what I know is that I'm really unhappy no borderline depressed right now. But I'm sober. So there's that.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have the option to make an appearance wish you Dad happy birthday then quietly take off?  If your experience is anything like mine once everyone gets into their cups they wouldn't notice if you quietly take your leave.  Hope you make it through... think how great you're going to feel tomorrow morning when you wake up with a clear head and the sense of accomplishment that comes from making it through another day... .
[deleted]
Hope you check in with us if we happen to be the only sober people you know at that party.
I'm here rooting for you! .Update us so we know how you are feeling?! 
Don t want to be rude or anything man but 287 days in bro.... it seems like you got this! You don t need alcohol just try to have fun if you don t have fun who cares! No one is going to judge you. Just go say hi to people have some awesome conversations eat awesome food and done. You got this kid.
Live reporting via smartphone :-) .3 hours in and still sober. Pretty agonizing I got to be honest but I'm doing OK. 
