-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ruzzz/any_of_yall_do_something_lifechanging_when_you/

I think my relapses in the past few months after being clean for ~4 months (the longest time in 9 years) are secondary to finding myself miserable in graduate school. I thought I would finally be on a sustainable path that matched my passions. Instead I feel like a partaker of yet more inconsequential bullshit that accomplishes nothing and certainly helps no one...Cooking the Thanksgiving feast and most of the meals for my family this past week reminded me that I AM ONLY HAPPY WHEN I COOK. And for the past few days I have started entertaining seriously the thought of opening up a restaurant looking up licensing/zoning/investment/sanitation laws calculating costs drafting up recipes. I'm going nuts right? How could I drop out of grad school and do something so risky? BUT maybe -- just maybe -- I will find some kind of fulfillment finally...Did any of y'all figure out what was driving you to drink and take desperate measures to change your life? What happened? What would you do differently?
----------immediate responses--------

Easy does it dongpenguin. I was able to add interests to my life. I didn't burn down the house.
I would love to see this great question posted for a larger audience. 
Well in general everything I found myself doing was life changing. Even when I would go back out every couple of weeks. I just started living again and that completely changed the quality and spectrum of everything I did and now if I'm 100% true to my recovery it will allow me to do anything I would ever even hope to do to the fullest extent I can.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I got humble.  It took a few months but people who knew me before sobriety and hadn't seen me until a few months after sobriety didn't recognize me.  I was no longer an arrogant and narcissistic son of a bitch.  I was mellow and at peace.
I typed out a longer response but fuck it I will just second what dayatthebeach said...Cook for your family and friends.  You'll love it and they will too.
[deleted]
Sure I stayed sober after I got sober. In that time I've been able to do a number of life changing things. But only because of the fact that my mind wasn't focused singularly on drinking or not drinking that day. 
You sound like me - instant gratification isn't fast enough!  That's a HUGE life change and one that you should months kicking around before going forward on it...Owning a restaurant is an enormous amount of work and extremely risky.   
Steps. They changed my life radically several times. I've had four different careers since I sobered up.
Interesting question:..I got sober. Within three years I lost my job my wife asked for a divorce and had to move in with my mom for a bit at age 40. It is like the reverse of many people's journey.
I quit on April 15 at 357 lbs...on May1 I started running using the c25k program.  June 1 I started weight lifting as well dialed in my macros and started eating at a deficit. ..As of today I've lost 88 pounds and yeah being healthy and sober really is all its cracked up to be. :)
I married my best friend and am also expecting the greatest thing I could have ever created my daughter. 
Finish grad school.  You have your whole life to take risks like opening a restaurant..
Your post really struck a chord with me for I had the same realization as you when I got sober. I wasn't sure what I was going to do with the rest of my life but I did know I loved to cook. Even though I had no experience working in a kitchen before I needed to start somewhere so I approached a local chain restaurant and got an entry level job. ..Before you quit grad school make sure you are comfortable in a busy kitchen because it's a lot different than cooking at home. With the holidays approaching it should be fairly easy to catch on somewhere at least temporarily. A break from classes would be a perfect time to try it out. It also might keep you busy during a period that is challenging for many people to stay sober. ..Keep in mind that in the food &amp; beverage industry free or heavily discounted alcohol is one of the major "perks". Wine and beer will be at arms reach constantly. Your colleagues will want you to stay for drinks after your shift. It's not an easy environment for someone who is newly sober but it's manageable if you stick to your guns. ..Have I done anything "life-changing"? I would say so... I have been able to pursue my passion for cooking and I recently moved to Europe to work at a restaurant that my friend has opened. However this was after losing my cooking job in January subsequently being evicted and forced to move back home with my parents and taking a really boring minimum wage prep cook job out of desperation. All sorts of shit happened to me when I was coming up on a year sober. But I persevered and here I am today living my dream. ..Having said that the experience I have gained over the last 21 months has made me hesitant to take the plunge and open my own place. It's a brutal business and even if the food you make is fantastic there are so many other factors at play I worry you might be in for a rude awakening. You've seen Kitchen Nightmares right? Nearly every one of those establishments is in trouble because the owner wanted to run before they could walk. ..My advice to you would be to cut your teeth using someone else's food and equipment... all the while scouting an ideal location to serve the food you make best. Food trucks are all the rage these days... have you considered that? There can be a lot less risk/overhead involved with that as opposed to a fixed location. ..I encourage you to follow your passion. Before I started cooking I was an alcoholic with a high-paying soul-crushing corporate job. I waited over a year until I did anything drastic though. There is no rush as long as you stay on the right path things are going to work out better overall than when you were drinking.   
Start an exercise routine. Begin with something you can do three times a week consistently and ramp up the intensity gradually.
They say don't make any major life changes until you've got a year of sobriety...I kind of understood that but it's become clearer to me lately. I had 3 months sober but I wasn't actually in recovery. Now I've kind of started to grok the difference between the two is...To use your example I think that the changes you're proposing would bring you a ton of stress and anxiety. Stress you (likely) used to manage with drinking...Then imagine you get through everything and at 6 months sober you have opened your restaurant. Not only will you likely not have focused on your recovery but what if you drink again? Then you're in serious trouble.
I put down the bottle and picked up happiness.  Best deal I've ever made.  Freedom is what I feel.  One day at a time my friend. 
After two months of sobriety (my previous quitting attempt) I moved to a new city changed jobs and moved in with my long-term partner. It sent me immediately back to the bottle. If stress and/or anxiety are triggers for your drinking I *urge* you to think long and hard about this before making any life-changing decisions. It's *so* easy to return to using booze as a coping mechanism- especially so early in sobriety...My advice is to learn how to live your current life sober first before making any other large changes. If I had to do things differently I would have taken my time and delayed all my major life changes while I found better coping mechanisms (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Counseling etc) AND learned who I was as a sober person. In early sobriety we're trying to adjust our self-perception from "/u/roughtime the drinker" or "/u/roughtime the alcoholic" to "/u/roughtime the sober guy." It's infinitely easier to tackle just that then going from "/u/roughtime the alcoholic" to "/u/roughtime the alcoholic who lives in a new unfamiliar city and has a new stressful job and is also a recovering alcoholic."..I can't speak for everyone- I'm sure plenty of people have done it and stayed sober. But my experience was the complete opposite and it's made me very VERY wary this time about making any life-altering decisions too early in sobriety.
[deleted]
