-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rxt4v/dont_know_if_this_is_in_the_right_place_always/

I have a problem. It might not seem as a real alcohol problem compared to some people who are struggling with addiction. But it's real for me as it has ruined my relationship with loads of people i would like to still have in my life (both friends and girlfriends). The root of the problem is extremely simple - i always get way to drunk. It doesn't mater what the situation is i just always end up completely hammered. I realized this years ago and yet i haven't managed to change my ways. The only way i can counter it is by staying away from alcohol completely. But that doesn't seem to work well in the long run. After a while i get isolated and depressed because i can't hang out with people in a normal fashion...I think i could count on two hands all the times in my life that i have been out drinking _without_ having a blackout and ended up embarrassing my self in some way. And during those rare cases when i wasn't crazy drunk i have learned that most people usually aren't even close to behaving like me. And that sometimes there is this one guy who is to drunk and are killing the mode. And apparently i have been that guy times a hundred almost every where i go for the last ten years...I don't know what to do. I really want to be able to function like a normal human being. I want to be able to go out and have a beer with friends without acting like a teenager who just had his first drunk experience. Especially since this behavior seems to get more and more out of place the older i get. When i was in my early twenties people usually had a lot more tolerance for it. But in my thirties it pretty much scares people away immediately :S..What should i do?..*edit* thanks for all the advice and insight. I want you to know i'm reading it all taking it in. But i can't reply to everything individually. It's all very exhausting. I guess i might have to reconsider my options as far as learning to drink with moderation. I'm gonna get some sleep and contemplate how i should proceed from here..
----------immediate responses--------

You need to jump in to sobriety with both feet. That's what you do. Stay on this site- grab a badge! A happy life is well within your grasp. Good luck. 
I don't have any answers but wanted to comment to let you know that I've had a similar experience.  I can never moderate my drinking.  It almost always ends with me passing out in a public place or barely stumbling into my apartment and passing out in my clothes on the floor.  I've decided that abandoning drinking all together is the only thing I can do to avoid the embarrassment and regret.
If there was something wrong with your car that made you crash it every time you drove it would you fix it immediately or would you try and patch it up and just really TRY and not crash every time you drove?..Lucky for you it's actually cheaper to fix the problem than it is to keep ignoring it.
Sorry to have to be the one to tell you this but your drinking is classic alcoholic. That only means that you are one of many. many people who react to alcohol in the way you've described. I'm another one. I know I can live a life that I'm content with if I never drink at all. That meant that I had to learn social confidence sober handle stress sober face fear sober celebrate events sober etc. There are a lot of ways to handle this. So far there doesn't seem to be too much documented success in trying to moderate drinking if you are alcoholic. I hope you make a choice that works in your life.
This is why I quit drinking. I never stopped drinking. My drinking was limitless. I got a DUI lost friends stole from people and embarrassed myself every time. After I realized the impact it was having on my self esteem and relationships I finally decided being drunk wasn't worth the bullshit that came along with it. Since quitting my relationships with my friends have been better along with my confidence. I surprisingly have been able to hangout in party situations and even at bars without drinking. Any time I think about having a drink flashbacks of my drunk alter ego come back and I always cringe and decide I'd rather be sober. If you aren't ready to make the step that's understandable. It took me about three years. When you are ready come to this subreddit. It always helps me when I need a little boost. Good luck.
I used to think everyone had the same compulsion to drink more and more once they've started. Turns out this is simply not the case and as far as I can tell this trait is a strong indicator for future alcohol dependence. I'd recommend either **strict** moderation or total abstinence depending on how you think you'd handle it. Though for me moderation through sheer willpower is so much stress that I'd have been better off not having a drink in the first place.
Ask yourself this.  Would you really like to go out and just have two drinks for the whole night?...I wouldn't.  That sounds like a crappy time.  10 drinks?  Now we're talking.  15 drinks?  Woot woot!  Unlimited bar?   That's my kind of party!...The point is this; you having just two drinks on a night out vs having no drinks isn't all that different.  When I go out now I'm amazed at how little everyone else drinks....So do you really want to drink like a 'normal' person?
You and I seem to have similar situations and I am right there with you as far as just wanting to be able to moderate my drinking not be done with it forever. It seems like any advice I can find online says that just doesn't work which makes me very angry and sad. I don't know what to tell you because I've only been sober for a few days. I wish there was some magical way we could put a cap on ourselves for the night before going out and not be able to have more than that.
Start going to AA.  Get some help.  You have a serious problem.
