-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s406i/for_what_its_worth/

Since I started this journey I wouldn't say I'm depressed  but i'm definitely feeling  meh. if you know what I mean...One of my own character flaws is that I always end up expecting way too much out of situations people and myself. So going into sobriety I guess I just really had my hopes up that things would turn around for me pretty quickly. Not overnight. I'm not *that* naive but I did expect to see a lot more positive changes by now.  ..This is where I'm at. I haven't lost any weight though I somehow expected I would lose at least 5 or 10 and start looking better but I still feel like the same and struggling with my weight and body issues is as much of a nightmare as it always was. I sleep terribly. I did before and I still do. My terrible anxiety that I suffered from intermittently throughout my life is coming back. I can't sleep at night because my head is filled with horrible intrusive thoughts and the panic gets worse when I close my eyes or when I'm quiet. I think for years I unknowingly self medicated and shushed the shitty thoughts in my head with alcohol. Now they're back. Also my sex life came to a horrible screeching halt - but thankfully (due to some previous good advice I got here) I started working on some of my inner personal issues and this is finally starting to get better...I always assumed that me doing and saying embarrassing and awkward things was due to my drinking. But I still get tongue-tied and say weird things when I get too excited or nervous I post awkward typo'd things on social media that I feel embarrassed about later and I'm clumsy as all hell always tripping over my own feet and bumping into things. All this without the help of alcohol. For years I comforted myself in the fact that it was just the alcohol making me a total moron. Nope. turns out I'm just weird...So. here I am. Not unhappy. or depressed. not feeling very hopeful either. just  meh  I no longer have alcohol to hide behind. I'm exposed in all my socially awkward anxious glory. i'm going through the motions. attending treatment. going to work. trying to stay busy. ..But then- (and I swear i'm getting to the point) then I realized something in just the last few days. ..I started painting again. For years I've been all talk. saying I wanted to develop my art. get out of my stupid retail job. be an illustrator. make prints. knit. sculpt. make short films. employ myself...but I couldn't. I was never "inspired." I can't tell you how many unfinished canvases are shoved in my closet how many half filled sketchbooks and how much money i've blown on all sorts of arts and crafting supplies camera lenses that are just collecting dust. I've always been a procrastinator. I've always let other people down and given up on big projects I promised to complete for them. I just thought thats who I was. I had accepted how much I suck and would never have the motivation to succeed creatively...but this week i've been painting. I started drawing a lot more regularly a few weeks ago and whenever I post my art online (even silly doodles) friends and aqcuaintances have been encouraging me. so I kept going. This week without much thought I found myself finishing a few paintings and several woodworking projects I intend to give as christmas gifts this year. ..I actually feel really good (about this). I stare at some of the stuff I've finished and I'm completely in awe- like i can't believe that was inside of my head. They're not huge masterpieces or anything but still I can't believe all of this creativity has been bottled up inside my head and i know that all these years I was drowning it with the alcohol. It was there all along...And that actually made me feel happy. I have that glimmer of hope that even if its just this one thing- if all I get from sobriety is my creativity back I'll be happy and it will be worth it. but hopefully there will be more. one day at a time right?..Thats all. Thought I'd share. :)..**tl/dr: so far I have not reaped many of the benefits of sobriety that so many others talk about. i'm realizing that some shitty things about me had nothing to do with drinking its just who I am which makes me sad. BUT then i recently started painting and crafting again after years of creative drought. I almost can't stop myself. Its like the artwork just keeps pouring out of me and i'm in love with the things I'm making and this realization is starting to boost my morale. So for what its worth I guess things are starting to look up.**
----------immediate responses--------

"For years I comforted myself in the fact that it was just the alcohol making me a total moron. Nope. turns out I'm just weird." - this is ME! In my ten days of sobriety I've discovered that I'm a socially awkward mess...naturally! But I'm not embarrassed anymore because all of my gaffes are happening SOBER so it's like "This Is Me Take It Or Leave It."..It think it is amazing how your creative side is emerging - keep it up. ..You are a creative good person and need to embrace your true self!
Hmm. I've been making lists today responding to people so I guess I won't stop with you so here goes:..* Congratulations. That shiny 1star is awesome and you should be proud. I'm proud..* The damage wasn't done in one day; it won't be fixed in one day. Ok so you said you know it won't happen in overnight but it probably won't happen in 60 days either. Give it some more time..* Sleep/feeling meh/anxiety? Those can also be symptoms of adjusting to life without booze. They go away. I could see those diminishing as your story went on so I'd say they are on their way out. Again give it time..* Being weird. We all have character flaws. I certainly do. I was considered weird for years. But if the MythBusters can polish a turd I can too. Seriously these things you've mentioned can be worked on with practice. Covering them with booze is not the answer but I think you know that...&gt; So for what its worth I guess things are starting to look up...It's worth a lot. It's always good to see a success story and you're obviously turning into one if you don't consider yourself one already. Stay strong sister. You're doing great!
I'm also lowering my expectations this time around.  The way I look at it is that if I can at least stop doing random fucked up things then I'm already ahead..
This is really good news. 
If you are ever feel comfortable sharing I'd love to see pictures of your work!
