-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s63lv/i_have_a_question_about_free_will_i_guess/

So here's the deal. I was (am?) a serial relapser. Initially quit in October 2012 when I went to inpatient. Made it through the 30 then got about another week before I relapsed (I'm just using the word "relapse" because it's commonly understood what it means even though I am not sure I think the term is valid... but that's a different thread).  I was taking antabuse for that whole time but I was never very compliant and when I wanted to drink I stopped the taking it for a few days deluding myself with those familiar arguments like "I got this I can handle my sobriety without antabuse I'm totally *not* going to drink I just want to stop using this crutch and get the **real** sobriety on my own blah blah blah" then a few days later I would find myself drinking. I was also taking Campral at the time which I don't really know if it helped or not because there was not perceptible difference in my mental state. ..I was never able to make it past 60~ days until this last time. My badge is accurate. What I'm trying to figure out is it seems like over the course of the first 12 months of this psudeo-sober-for-the-most-part I was constantly dreaming about moderating. But since my last relapse 75 days ago even though nothing has really changed in my "program" I realize that I no longer have the desire to drink. I'm not saying I'm cured but *something* is definitely different this time. Let me elaborate...I confront the same challenges every day. Hell I face *new* challenges. I got a new job and make better money than I ever have in my life. There's an acceptance of drinking culture at work which I could take advantage of at any time. I haven't taken antabuse in over 50 days but I am still sober. I stopped taking Campral and I cant tell the difference.  ..What I am trying to say is that *something* happened in my brain that I didn't do consciously purposefully intentionally. I wasn't working that hard on my sobriety to be totally honest. I was just going with the flow. And over time I just became less and less obsessed with drinking to the point that *right now* I don't even stress out about it. I used to have to say to myself "one day at a time you'll make it through this craving hang in there." Like *all the time.* ..It's making me think a lot about free will choice and culpability. I would say that my present mental state is what is causing me to not drink and that my will has very little to do with it. At the moment I don't have to *try* to not drink I just don't drink and don't care. I don't have a renewed determination I have a mental state that is uninterested in alcohol. ..So I want to ask:.1. Is this a temporary state or is this what AA means when it says "God removed my desire to drink"?.2. Am I full of shit? Am I making excuses to not work on my recovery? I don't feel like I am but it's possible..3. Can you guys share your experiences with your desires about drinking?..Thanks SD much love
----------immediate responses--------

It is possible that you're making excuses and heading for a relapse. It's also possible that you hit the point where you just decided not to drink anymore. In my experience willpower is like a muscle. Once you exercise it enough it become effortless. Just don't try and lift more than you know you can safely lift on your own.
&gt; It's making me think a lot about free will choice and culpability. I would say that my present mental state is what is causing me to not drink and that my will has very little to do with it. At the moment I don't have to try to not drink I just don't drink and don't care. I don't have a renewed determination I have a mental state that is uninterested in alcohol...This parallels my own experiences.  Something changed!  At first I struggled with the mere desire to quit I wanted to want to.  My last effort has been my most successful and I'm nearing 18 months sober and starting around 2-3 months the desire to drink in the main sense was removed from me.  Sure I still have cravings but I observe my cravings instead of experience them... does that make sense?..I think you're completely reasonable in these questions you have raised.  My personal belief is that an environment of health will cause healthy behavior which results in a healthier environment and then more healthy behavior.  Whatever combination of environmental factors caused me to "get it" this time and have a very successful 17 months of sobriety was really out of my hands.  It was unguided and I got lucky.  I landed in a great town with my belongings on my back found a great sponsor found great recovery there...When you say that your mental state is what brings you success and not your will which failed in the past I think that's exactly what AA establishes effectively...We can't change our acting by thinking but we can change our thinking by acting...In my own experience I have been able to move on somewhat.  That is the goal of recovery in my opinion.  However at the same time it is our responsibility to continue to monitor what our brains are doing and to participate in the support that saved our lives from destruction.  It gets easier and better but it never quite goes away... that's the sense I get.
I don't think anyone can say for sure one way or another if their lack of desire to drink is truly permanent but the feeling I have sure as hell feels permanent.  The thought of drinking is not only not attractive to me it's abhorrent to me.  BUT here's the kicker:  I don't think of that "blessing" as an excuse to just say "Okay I'm good now!" and just skate along.  I still am making positive steps in my life on a consistent steady basis and I plan on doing that for the rest of my life.  I don't want to grow stagnant like a old pond that breeds nasty bacteria that could be harmful to me.  Take what you've been given and view it as a wonderful gift.  Take care of it nurture it and rejoice in it.  (I swear sometimes I say things like "rejoice" now and I'm like "Who the hell ARE you????"  So not the person I was just a short time ago)..EDIT: By the way quick response to the free will thing....On the third day of withdrawals I lay in bed saying to myself "LET GO LET GO LET GO LET GO LET GO LET GO" literally thousands of times.  Meaning I suppose (I honestly don't know) "Let go of my will and what I want because it has NOT worked at ALL".  I woke up on the 4th day and haven't had a craving want or desire since.  ..Be well friend.  :-)
Careful. Complacency is one hell of an ass-kicker...Be vigilant. What I would do is go to a meeting (even if you're not an AA type person) and watch for some of the poor souls just coming out of the shit and into a seat. And when you do reflect on that. Reach out if you're feeling it.
if the compulsion has been lifted I would suggest not trying too hard to dissect it.  Enjoy it...It took me a few slips before I "got it" and I work to maintain it because the consequences of another slip would be really bad.  And because I enjoy the time I spend at AA  where I have become friends with some amazing people...My desire/compulsion went away in the first 6 months it was a gradual thing and then it was not there.    I have had one attack of a strong desire to drink and that was on 9/11 as I was fleeing lower manhattan and choosing not to watch people jump.  there was a bar dark and seemingly a door to another world but I kept on walking.
One of my favourite neuroscientists wrote a short essay/novelette on Free Will (Aptly named: Free Will) and his take on it. I personally agree with his assessment that free will is an illusion and have since I first was introduced to the idea of determinism as a teenager. ..In the book he talks about how with neural imaging scientists are able to detect what choice you are going to make before you make it with one method they were able to see if someone was going to pick one object over the other 7 seconds before they made the action. You have two sections of your brain (Boiling it waaaay down here) when it comes to choice. You have your Temporal lobe and then you have the Frontal Lobe. The temporal is responsible for what we would call "urges". The temporal lobe says "I should fuck that woman at all costs" &amp; the frontal responds back "You're married don't be a fuckwit also rape is bad". We are basically incapable of what the midbrain spits out and can only temper it with the frontal lobe. ..I feel that when people achieve "Having lost the desire to drink" they have trained their body through conditioning of not drinking that their brain loses the impulse of "Drink" for the most part. The reverse is why addiction is a progressive disease as you administer substances to your mind/body over and over you reinforce that impulse and only want more and more and that doesn't even take into account tolerance and needing more to get the same effect as last time. 
Dealing with drinking has definitely been interesting for me philosophically. I know now that we are not in control of our actions anywhere near as we'd want to believe. Is my compulsion for love the same as wanting that drink? Our entire lives are compulsions. Sometimes we get ones that are harmful and we have to find ways around it...I has a similar experience as you. I'm glad you're doing well this long. I had your feelings and two weeks later relapsed thinking I had "conquered" it. But these states are like radiation poisoning. We enter this period where we feel fine and asymptomatic. But without treatment who knows if we'll handle what comes next...You have to find something to keep you going if you weren't able to before.
The Big Book talks in a variety of ways about what you seem to be struggling with describing.  In the Doctor's Opinion at the beginning of the Big Book it is called a "psychic shift."  It's like your prior perspective is altered particularly as it relates to the compulsion to drink.  It has been lifted.   What I think a lot of the comments are struggling with is your disconnect from any cause and effect; you seem not to see what it is that you did that caused your compulsion to lift; i.e. found an answer in any regimen or program.  I think you're correct in citing the passage from the Big Book where it says "God removed my desire to drink."  If that works fro you great.  But it's probably more accurate to say I didn't drink for 75 days and I followed directions in recovery and my obsession with alcohol and compulsion to drink lifted.  In other words the cognitive therapy of recovery works--but continued sobriety is contingent on daily maintenance of your "spiritual" condition.  This means to hang on to what you got at this point you need to continue to work a program of recovery.   Good luck and thanks for the thoughtful post.
Q1 and Q2 sort of blend together: this will be temporary IF you don't work on recovery... In my case having the compulsion go away allowed me to have a better view on my underlying issues. I will simply add that the 12 step program is a terrific roadmap to sort these out which in turn answers petty much everything around drinking. Enjoy and be grateful.
I'm a serial relapser too. Each time I relapsed it was harder and harder to get back on the wagon. One of my replases lasted 5 years. The last relapse was a year of HELL. Pure hell. It was harder than ever to get sober again. I now know that I can't drink ever. If I relapse I could die. Or worse stay in that state forever. 
As you increase the amount of time since you last drank you will tend to have less powerful cravings and less cravings overall. Your willpower increases with sobriety as well. You will begin to wonder what the hell you ever wanted to drink for anyways. You can still get a monster craving out of the blue from time to time and it can still destroy your life if you are not careful. It's really easy to fall back in the trap even after years. It's hard as hell to get back out. 
I am having major problems with the whole higher power thing. I am trying to be open minded and willing but everyone that says god removed their desire I cannot take them seriously. I have relapsed 4 times since October 2012. If their desire to drink was removed by god why are they in AA?
