-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1samhu/how_the_heck_did_six_weeks_happen/

I picked up a daily drinking habit about two years ago after being a semi-frequent drinker for 3 years leading up to that... I experimentally decided to quit drinking six weeks ago to see if it would help cut down with my migraines (and also had realized I wasn't even enjoying drinking anymore when I was doing it)...The decision initially caused a lot of panic because I realized I had never learned to be social as an adult without "social lubricant" never learned how to deal with stress without a drink etc. Realizing how much I'd "stunted my growth" with alcohol in regards to maturity and social function was a huge thing for me so I decided to take a hiatus (with no official dates decided) and I've somehow managed to go 6 weeks!..Alcoholism runs in my family and I've seen it ruin lives and relationships (and it literally killed one of my closest friends) so it feels really great to just cut all that out of my life...I feel a bit like I've got it too easy compared to some of the struggles I've read on here but regardless I feel like I'm doing good things for my life. I'm learning to hang out with people on my own merit to deal with boredom and stress without liquid help I'm so much happier overall (the negativity while I was drinking all the time dear lord) and I feel so much healthier and more productive...Reading the posts on here and hearing all your struggles and successes has been a big help so I thought it was only fair to post my own progress so far (plus I'm just kinda really excited and proud of myself)...Much love guys stay healthy and happy and sober and awesome! <3 ...
----------immediate responses--------

@ OP: Everyone's "bottom" (the point at which we realize we can not drink in safety and must stop *now*) is a little different.  Mine was even different at two different points in my life.  But the thing is you recognized the problem at a *very* high "bottom" point.  Which is all to your credit.  There are no extra points for pain and suffering.  Trust...Enjoy all your new-found energy try to do something special keep a journal of sobriety or something...Or maybe just enjoy being free to be who you really are not what booze says you can be.
Well done!
You are one of the lucky ones. Congratulations and keep sharing because it helps us all.
