-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sb0wu/i_doubt_im_alone_here_but/

I find it really odd that instead of being worried about the hard stressful days of sobriety I'm worried about the good days. My brain thinks that everything will be better WITH alcohol. Clean house? My brain: It'll be nice to enjoy it drunk! Feeling really great and not waking up with a hang over? My brain: Oh tonight is gonna be awesome when you get to drink with more energy and while you feel terrible! ... Ugh. I need to get used to enjoying the GOOD things in life again without thinking they'll be 10x better with alcohol. I feel like this is going to be a struggle. But I'm prepared to face that next time it comes up. I won't drink and enjoy whatever it is that's going on! Deal brain? :P 
----------immediate responses--------

What you're describing is very common. You're right you need to get used to doing these things without alcohol. There's a lot of re-learning and re-training along the way too.  All of it takes time.  ..After all how can you learn to "enjoy" something overnight?  "Clean house awesome.  Let me just sit down and enjoy it...  OK this boring."  Heh.  It won't always be boring. ..Think of it like breaking up with a partner.  Even if that person was terrible and fought with you all the time and you were happy to see them go it still takes time to adjust to being without them.  You'll still feel sad.  You'll still miss them from time to time.  The most important thing is that you don't pick up the phone call them in a moment of weakness ya know?..For me the first few months were a lot of just filling my time. Keeping busy.  Forcing myself to do something - anything - that wasn't drinking.  For example I used to walk up to the store every single evening just to get out of the house and have something to do that didn't involve alcohol.  It took effort and direction to fill my time but along the way I found things I enjoyed doing and I learned to genuinely appreciate the little things in life.  ..Stick with it long enough and you'll get there too.  It takes time. :)
I wasn't good with emotions positive or negative. I drank when I was sad glad or mad. But I didn't like feeling nothing either. I was further painted into a corner when I felt like I could not continue on with or without alcohol...If the Manhattan Project required uniform implosion to detonate an atom bomb then that was about what I needed to stop--everything closing in at once. The worst years of my life would set the foundation for the best years. But this process was a slow one. Big change...For me I thought back to how I handled things when I was kid. I didn't drink when I was little kid so I had at least some previous years in my life without alcohol for a reference point. I needed to get back to enjoying the little things the simple things. I went back to amusement parks to see if I still had the ability to have a little childlike fun (of course by then I had kids of my own so I had the perfect excuse). Turns out I did. That was kind of a starting point for me. ..The more I engaged in the right behavior the more that was reinforced. Relapsing would unwind my progress and get me down. Took me a little while but I developed a pretty good and stable set of new habits. And now a lot of things feel 10x better sober than when I was having a good drinking day...This will happen soon enough for you too if you keep at it.
I was like that too. My brain would default to alcohol no matter what I was feeling. I finally recognized it as a glitch that I had to manually over ride. After some time I had actually developed new pathways in thinking and it almost never happens now. The most rewarding effort I've ever made.
Yes you are not alone.  We are a university specializing in advanced degrees in rationalization and justification with blame studies as an elective.
&gt; For me I thought back to how I handled things when I was kid. ..I like this idea. And you're right the things I really really enjoy now are the things I did back then.  The only thing I haven't picked back up and I don't know if it's a subconscious decision or what is reading. I was a voracious reader my whole life up until about 5 years ago like 5+ books a week. But I know that reading was an escape from life. I do still want to be able to pick up a book and lose myself for awhile but I think living my life instead of the main character's within those pages is more important right now...In addition to what OTR said about our relationship with alcohol: Just like the reason we originally started a relationship with a former partner there was a reason we started drinking. It felt good right? Otherwise why would we have started either of them? Those are the memories that you are fighting against. Hell it even felt good in the beginning of the relationship with my daughter's father. But you know what? He ended up trying to kill me in the end and that just what alcohol was trying to do to me. And you. Think of alcohol as your abusive ex. Remember the cycle that abuse had. ..Taken from The Cycle of Violence:..- Any type of abuse occurs .- Abuser may promise it will never happen again.- Victim may hope that the abuse is over.- Promises made during 'making-up' may be met.- Abuser may give gifts to victim..Can you see the same patterns from your relationship with alcohol in them? I know I can. 
Think back. Was anything *truly* enhanced by alcohol? At first I thought the good times were too. But the more I thought about it the more I realize that although the times were altered the weren't really enhanced. Especially when I couldn't remember those times. And the pain wasn't worth the price anymore.
Cooking has been a struggle.  I like to cook with wine and I like to have wine when I cook.
