-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sb7ma/the_dreaded_relapse_dream/

Had one of these last night woke up covered in sweat feeling full of regret and self loathing before realizing it was all a dream. Thanks subconscious for reinforcing what a bad idea relapsing would be.
----------immediate responses--------

My relapse dreams always illustrate my old delusional rationalizations for why it's actually OK for me to be drinking this glass of wine. Lord I was a silly belligerent ass. 
Those dreams are the worst! That sense of relief when you realize it was just a dream is pretty okay though. Silver lining. :)
These faded away for me but you never know when I could have one again years into sobriety.  What's important to me is what narrative I impose about the dream--sounds to me like you are drawing precisely the right message!
I was having those like crazy last week.  Just all the rationalization and everything that caused me to relapse all the times in past summed up neatly for me while I slept.  You're right these dreams do give me something to look out for and I hope that when these rationalizations start creeping into my head again I'll remember the huge nightmare that happens if I give in.  
Congratulations! 12:th day in sobriety by the book! .Well done! 
At least you responded well. It's working!
i had one last night too! and i cheated on my wife in it. definitely like waking up and realizing that none of that happened. phew. usually in my dreams i am able to say no but last night i slipped up.
These are so upsetting at the time but I truly believe it's my brain's way of seeing what would happen if I ever decide drinking is a good idea. I always wake up relieved and super committed to sobriety. A couple of months ago I had my first sober dream--I had to look for someone in a bar and I went in and ordered coffee like it was the most normal thing in the world. 
I like to hear someone has a 'drunk dream' - it almost always means they are serious about their sobriety. BTW they usually go away - eventually. My last was about 10 years ago..
I had a crazy relapse dream the other night.  Actually woke up from my own screaming.  Great to realize it wasn't real.
I've had a *lot* of dreams where I was drinking or using again.  How terrifying it was to feel like it was happening.  It's so *real* and so *vivid*.  Each time I woke relieved and humbled at how close I still am.  Just an arm's length away....Once it happened every night for a few weeks.  I tried not to focus on it.  There's no "meaning" to it.  It's just mental shit working it's way out of your system.  This too shall pass...Edit: Snickering at being at 420 days.  I know this is stopdrinking but weed was a big one for me too.  Glad I'm 420 days away from all of it.
These happen to me too. One of my friends told me that one day I will have a dream like that where I don't pick up and it will feel awesome. ..Last week I did have one. For some reason I knew that choosing to have a potted piranha plant from super mario brothers sitting on the table would keep me from drinking and it did. Dreams are weird.
Just wait until your relapse dreams morph into kinky sex dreams.  Those will make you wake up in a sweat too.
It's a good sign. Your will to stop drinking has registered in the deeps of your mind that you don't have any direct control over. Your primal survival functions are telling you what to fear because your brain has identified it as a true threat. You are being programmed by you. Congratulations your job just got a little easier.
I've been off cigarettes more than 10 years now. I am totally over cigarettes. I never crave them have no use for them. Still have relapse dreams from time to time though.
