-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sbs8k/end_of_a_bad_week_start_of_another/

I was hoping I'd at least feel proud once I made it past a week but I just feel worse than before...I was at the point with my drinking where I didn't even get hangovers at all - now every morning sober I feel like I'm hungover. It seems like the threat of the terrible hangover is a huge deterrent for many people here but it seems to be working backwards for me...I'm visiting my long-distance boyfriend for the first time in two months. Our sobriety was his idea and I can't help but feel like I'm subconsciosuly resenting him for it. I'm a jerk...Everyone suggested on my last post that we go see a movie or do other things that aren't alcohol-related. We have tried a bunch of things like that but they're just so boring. I feel like I can't get interested in anything. Plus he's a quiet guy by nature but without alcohol to open him up a bit I feel like he's not interested in talking to me...I've been looking forward to this trip. I've had nothing else to look forward to really. And now it's just drudgery. And when I go back home it's going to be worse because I'll be alone...He doesn't really know how to respond when I try to talk to him about how I'm struggling with this so I've given up. I just want to convince him to change his mind so we can have a drink and hang out with friends like normal people.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I'm in a similar boat on mornings. I usually never got hangovers just felt 'foggy' or tired the next day. On things not being fun It may be that alcohol was your main hobby so you may not know what you enjoy doing (yet). How long have you and your boyfriend been dating? Some people take months to come out of their shell. Also does he also have a drinking problem as well? I have a hard time conversing without alcohol so he may need some time to get used to doing it sober if he had used alcohol as a social lubricant.
Even though struggling you made it through a week! It sounds like you have not internalized reasons to stop. Why did your boyfriend suggest sobriety in the first place? Maybe the two of you need to talk about that.
Drinking gets steadily worse. Sobriety gets steadily better. Just persevere. You won't regret it.
"everyday is a punishment" yes that's the alcohol talking. You have to give it two weeks to get out of your system in  the meantime try to stay busy and not dwell on how shitty you feel . Your're going through physical and psychological withdrawal. Hang in there! 
Welcome to sobriety your road map to recovery is in front of you...First we many of us took to alcohol because it was a big help in socializing.   Now we have to learn to do it on our own...  ..We have also to get over our addiction to drama and excitement.  You can make plenty of both sober and they are less likely to involve emergency rooms or flashing lights on police cars but it is an adjustment...Most important you have to want to stay sober for yourself not for him.  .       .read this sub go to meetings aa or smart and listen to the "YETS" you have avoided. Grab some gratitude......
Going to AA meetings worked for me. There are lots of people there who have been through exactly what you are going through and can help and support you. Doing this on your own is very difficult. And there is more to being sober than just stopping drinking. A change in your spiritual condition.
For me the decision not to drink had to be my own. I've have people close to me tell me for years I drank too much or too often and I was never ready to listen. Even when I acknowledged that I had a problem it still took me over a year to come to the decision that I needed to stop. ..You've stated this was your partner's idea but you need to decide if its really what *you* want to do *yourself* (and this can be for a host of reasons including for the betterment of your relationship). If you don't make this decision for yourself you may become resentful of everything that is required of you because it is hard to quit drinking. If you decide for yourself that its what you want you have to be clear it means *no* drinking ever again not I'll drink for this weekend and then start again next week...Choosing not to drink includes a lot of changes to your life. For those things you don't want to lose work to bring them back through sober means e.g. explaining to your partner how much you miss the easy communication you guys had while drinking and suggest that you want to work together to bring that communication back. Note:the effort shouldn't all be on your side either it takes two people working together to make a healthy relationship...One thing to really keep in mind is that it's early days for you (just as it is for me) and your brain is constantly trying to trick you back into it. If drinking means the possible end of your relationship are you happy with that as an outcome? If not fight the cravings be strong. You can do it!.
LB I know this point has probably been made to you before by others but it doesn't sound like you're ready to make this change.  It sounds like you have a problem but are only quitting to make someone else happy which almost never works and can perhaps make things worse.  When I attempted this in the past I ended up resentful and feeling like I "deserved" to drink as a reward for trying so hard for someone else.  By the way this doesn't make you a jerk it's just your brain and body's way of getting alcohol because our brains and bodies are jerks...If you're not ready for the change you need to be honest with yourself and him about your needs.  This may create problems in your relationship but his shutting out any discussion isn't helping.  For your future reference bank you may want to approach him more frankly and try to understand all the reasons he wished for you both to stop drinking it may help you understand your relationship better as well...Wish you the best good luck with everything!
