-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1seys4/i_quit_drinking_for_myself_and_the_people_i_love/

I have not had an alcoholic beverage since 11/08/2013. There are a few reasons for this although I would never have considered myself an alcoholic. ..On Saturday October 26th I received a call informing me to go to the hospital - my boyfriend of 5 years was badly injured from a nasty car accident. I arrived to find his mom cousin and some other relatives and friend's teary-eyed and scattered around the room. His eyes were blood shot there was a streak of crusted and dried blood running out of his nose and he had an expressionless look on his face. I'll never forget it and the graphic imagery still haunts me...Mike had problems growing up. He struggled with numerous drug addictions including heroin and prescription medications like Xanax and Vicoin. Some of the addiction stemmed from a disease he had in his back causing the discs to wear away and cause him severe pain all of the time...I'm not making excuses for him. He made bad decisions and so did I. We both drank a lot and took drugs together. I should have been a better boyfriend and tried to help him and put my damned foot down sometimes when he would get out of control on Xanax and alcohol. I have a lot of shoulda woulda coulda thoughts; but that doesn't do shit for anyone right now...Sadly he was not the only one injured in the crash. (He was dead on the scene; they revived him but he barely had a heartbeat and was on a ventilator when I arrived at the hospital) He nodded off while speeding and crashed into a car carrying a man with his two sons. I think it was from a combination of alcohol and Xanax. The man was terribly injured: severed leg brain damage broken femur coma. His sons were also injured but not nearly to the extent of the father. Thankfully the man survived and his children are on the mend as well. I've been helping out with benefits and donations for the family. Our community and church has been very helpful and supportive...2013 has been a horrific year for me - the worst in my life to date. Mike was the love of my life. He was my first real romantic connection and boyfriend. I always thought we would grow old together but I was probably in denial and naive considering all of our drug and alcohol usage...All of this has inspired me to quit drinking completely. I absolutely cringe when I see prescription bottles or pills. I feel gulty even taking ibprofen which is the extent of my drug usage now. I still go to the bars when I go out with friends occasionally but I drink non-alcoholic beverages and am the designated driver for the group if needed...I hope to salvage some good from this year and rebuild myself after the horrifying losses deaths and destruction. I just want to be a better person and I want to do it completely sober. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm truly sorry all of that has happened to you. It is good that you are finishing this year on a sobet note and I wish you the best for the rest of the years of your life...If/when the times get tough this is a good commumity to get active with...Stay Strong &amp; Stay Sober 
Thank you for sharing your story. We wish you all the best for the future. 
"I just want to be a better person and I want to do it completely sober."..that was phrased perfectly. .
[deleted]
That is a gut wrenching story and I'm sorry you went through it. But you did live through it. It sounds like you're trying to spin it into something positive and that's a good thing. I really hope it works for you. Grab a badge and stick around. We're here to listen.
[deleted]
