-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sf71a/struggling_struggling_pretty_bad/

I used to be afraid of being sober. Like...it'd make me freeze in place and my head would have such a hard time wrapping around it like it was some kind of foreign concept or something. I'm still not good at totally kicking the fear's ass but after relapse number 389573954 or so it seems I'm getting marginally better at it...I used to go broke on alcohol now I go broke on football jerseys and paying up back debts. I've quit losing my hair (!). I sort of want a full Bayern Munich kit but walking around in a full kit seems really really dumb and you kind of get a reputation doing those types of things but I wanna like do it with a button pinned to me saying "THESE ARE THE KIND OF THINGS YOU CAN BUY AND DO WHEN YOU ARE SOBER". If I ever cobble together six months or a year I might do it. Sure I'll look dumb. I probably looked dumber drunk. Someone more versed in that should judge whether or not I'd look dumber walking around in an FCB home kit or drunk...I'm struggling though struggling alot I'm not afraid of being sober but still I struggle. Something happened recently and I can't verbalise it it's a big thing and very difficult and I can't even talk about it. Supposedly meetings and therapy are supposed to make things easier to make things to talk about but it doesn't. But I'm sober still oddly dealing with the fallout of assault and that isn't any easier. I'd kind of like to curl up with a giant fucking case of beer and drink it away but I'm expected to be present and accountable to my life and others...I think I'm here because I'm struggling not to talk about getting drunk or not getting drunk and walking around in a full kit...I think my head is broken. But I'm still sober. That counts or something. I should probably be here more often.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.
I'm sorry you are hurting. I think the struggles we all face are inherently human ones that everyone faces just not everyone finds a 'solution' for it in a bottle or  in numbing the feelings. But the only way to even begin to tackle that mountain is with a head not clouded with numbness. Cheers to sobriety! Good luck on your journey.
Struggling is a struggle. Whatever it is you can't talk about will eat at you. Get it out to someone you trust. Whatever it was that happened I'm sorry. But a big terrible secret is too heavy to bear when you're trying to be sober and will lead to being disconnected from yourself. Not good. You already know all this I can tell. Sounds like maybe it's not your head that is broken but your heart. ..Yes hang out more often. Let us hear from you too. .Take care of yourself!
Things could be a lot worse - you could be thinking of dressing in a Man United kit. Seriously though you sound like you are confronting an awful lot of stuff by yourself. If you are anything like me you probably don't like talking to other people about traumatic personal things. And unfortunately it is those very same things that if I let them fester will cause me to drink again. I found I could not do it alone and it was liberating to admit it at last.
Hey there TheLastGallifreyan I'm sorry that you are struggling. It counts that you are sober! Try to give yourself a break maybe get some rest?  .  .Like others have said it is so important to share the big scary feelings. Therapy and meetings are the long-term solution but everything is mixed up and difficult *right now*. Is there someone you trust that you can talk to or even just be quiet near?
I found the best way to stop the mindfuck was to go and talk to someone..This was one of the roles 12 step meetings played in my sobriety.. Keep it up bro you're doing good!
Alternate perspective: If you're not struggling you're not growing. I was never much for talking about major problems in a group setting for a lot of reasons. If it related to sobriety I always relied on a sponsor and/or a shrink and/or a trusted sober friend. If it was another kind of problem then maybe it was a doctor a lawyer an accountant etc. ..I've heard it said you can judge a wise person by the number of his counselors so I try to remember that when I'm struggling with something and get it all out to the right person(s)...You've already been through 40 days and 40 nights sober the toughest 40 in all of sobriety. They get better and so do you...
I'm sorry for your pain even sorrier that you cannot verbalise it. The stuff I don't say wow it just grows  festers until its unrecognisable. Little wonder that some days l also think my head is broken round and round until I can barely make it out. I know alcohol is not the answer so do you.....you want to curl up? There is no comfort to be found in alcohol. If you are unable to reach out for the moment comfort yourself whatever form it takes whether it be special food or a bath or simply an early night. I have no idea what the hell a full Bayern Munich kit is I may or may not google it but I think you would rock it! Be well my brother be sober. I too will not drink today
Are you doing this alone?..For what it's worth a peer program might make a huge difference.  Mine was aa there are others now...Alone is so much harder but it's what we know.
I'm sorry you're going through it but it's a passing thing. Stay strong and stick it out. You're doing well. I recommend talking it out with someone be that your sponsor the chat room or just putting it down here for some perspective or advice. Good luck to you.
