-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sgwdc/there_is_a_war_raging_inside_of_you_do_you_know/

I was fortunate enough to get a call from a work friend last night who I'd never really hung out with before nor had we really considered each other close friends prior to this. And; lucky for me I was wise enough to accept his invitation to coffee...You see over the last few months I've exhibited signs of internal struggling. Some people see this as irritability others as depression but those who are aware of the kinds of conflict that a person can have inside at any given moment seem to be attuned to this and they can identify it when they see it. My good friend happens to be a rather devout Christian but that really is neither here nor there for the knowledge he gave me that I'm about to share with you it just gives a little bit of back story as to how he's so aware of this internal phenomena...So we met for coffee as I said above. He inquired as to what was going on in my life and I filled him in with complete honesty. He told me about some of the benefits and purpose he'd found when he found God as I had been talking about how my spirituality had seen a jumpstart with my recovery program. After talking about this for a while he told me how *he* at least rationalized feeling shitty vs feeling good inside...There's essentially two forces working within you. Religious folk obviously identify these two forces as God (spirit) and Satan (flesh) or some other malevolent deity. But they don't have to be these two figures. They're Good vs. Evil. Conviction vs. Addiction. Serenity vs. Chaos. The fact of the matter is when you think of your internal self as a conflict it becomes a little easier to deal with certain things like cravings or negative thoughts or pains in your life...My biggest struggle with my sobriety is not the physical urge to drink; it never has been but rather with certain events from my past or negative thoughts doubts regrets things like that. The way that my friend so eloquently explained it that this is the *enemy* trying to drag you down flicked a lightbulb on in my brain so bright that it practically blinded me! For him he used his faith and the love of God as a means to immediately shut these thoughts down and put himself back into a state of ease...I'm too new to spirituality to have that level of faith. But it's positivity that is the key here. As a recovering alcoholic (let's assume that you are an atheist so we can cover all bases) when you start doubting yourself or feeling the cravings or are starting to pity yourself you need to flood your brain with every positive thing you can think of about yourself. Think of you in some of your finest moments. What is your most practiced skill? Think about that. Are you a parent? Think about your child. Are you a graduate? Think of that achievement. Do not stop putting positive things about yourself in your mind until it catalyzes as pure inspiration. And eventually the negative shit will back down...My friend (who coincidentally is also a recovered addict) explained to me that in time this gets easier. The garbage negative aspect of your psyche gets weaker as you fight it until it is almost effortless to shut it down. He explained that at least in his own experience fostering and nurturing a relationship with God allowed him to achieve that - and maybe this is just a different perspective on the proven effectiveness of the higher power that AA preaches so successfully. But if you are struggling with getting spiritual about your recovery then maybe try this perspective...Your true good *sober* self is like a fortress. Your positive and happy thoughts are quite literally your defences. Train them! Turn them into bloodthirsty vicious badasses! Eventually your self-fortress will be so big and imposing that the invasions will just cease...RAAAAAAWWWWR!
----------immediate responses--------

This is good advice. Thank you.
Yes I'm beating my alcoholic brain ( which I consider separate from my REAL brain) into submission. She gets weaker by the day. Great poat!
[deleted]
Yes. Feed the positive and starve the negative.
I really needed to read this tonight so thanks for posting. For me it's the pitying or past things that get me. I was feeling pretty shitty this evening going to ponder on this awhile. Thank you :)
[deleted]
I heard a pretty spiritual Rabbi lecture on this very thing at a non-AA event.  He said our brains are a little like radio receivers blasting white noise at us all day long.  Unfortunately we receive about 75% negative noise and our job is to tune out the negative and turn up the positive.  Now bear in mind this Rabbi was lecturing to a mixed audience of pretty successful so-called normal people.  So if they too are hearing 75% negativity from the unconscious we alcoholics and addicts must really be struggling to tune in to the positive messages.  But that is our challenge: tune out the negative garbage and turn up the volume on the positive.  
Nice!  I was fortunate to be able to revert back to the happiness and joyous state that I had once upon a time after I stopped drinking.  I hold onto that with all my everything by remembering to consciously think of things I am grateful for each day however small.   Like my need to drink my constant negative thoughts flipped off like a light switch on the day I let go of any thought of control that I had over my drinking.  ..Thanks for this.  Food for thought for sure. :-)
