-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1slzru/i_made_it_one_year/

Never thought I would see the day that my badge reached 365 days but I've made it! I've gone from drinking half a liter of vodka a day for 10 years to being a complete teetotaler. I've been incredibly lucky how easy it has been once making the decision to not drink and being very open with my wife about how I've been feeling. I've had no struggles turning down alcohol and resisting the idea of 'just one drink' being something that works for me. If I drink I want to get as drunk as possible just before the point of getting ill (even though I was constantly ill) so the only option for me is to not drink at all. Everyone around me has noticed the difference in my attitude and look. My pancreatitis has gone away and I'm actually absorbing the food I eat. I'm frequently told by those around me I'm like a completely different person in a good way. I've started a new career path as a electrician that gets me out of the house and away from just working on a computer all day. It has done wonders for my confidence and self worth. I've all of gotten over the depression and anxiety that I've had since my early teens (used to be on medication) and am actually now truly happy all the time. Social anxiety is gone and I find it easy to talk to strangers and interact with coworkers. My mind is clear and my memory is back to being awesome. I'm learning new things all the time in my new job and actually absorbing them. So many positive things I only wish I had done it sooner. Thanks to everyone in /r/stopdrinking who have been a great asset in my recovery. Heres to another 365 days!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! It's so great to hear all the positive things you've gotten out of sobriety. I can practically feel the positivity radiating off this post. Good job!
Congratulations thank you for showing us it can be done. Keep it up my friend :) 
[deleted]
Congratulations...If you care to would you mind sharing more? I'm curious about all the other parts of your life that fell into place; depression anxiety new career. ..I ask because I'm having trouble connecting those dots in my own life. I've stopped drinking but that's the only thing that's changed...Either way- Happy Birthday. You should do something for yourself to celebrate.
[deleted]
HEY SOBRIETY BIRTHDAY TWIN!  Seriously from the bottom of my heart CONGRATULATIONS!  Your story sounds similar to mine.  Glad you stuck with it and happy that everything is going well!
First off congrats! I read your first post a year ago! It seems like you had tried to quit before and relapsed? What changed in you this time that made you stick with it? Thanks for sharing..
Congrats i admire what you have accomplished.  Keep up the good work.
Awe inspiring. Lets fill the world with people who have a handle on happiness.
You are a picture of success and should be damn proud of yourself. Your story made me smile. Congratulations on your smiliestar!
Good job!  Man you totally did it right.  Thanks for sharing.  
super inspiring! thanks for sharing and great work!
