-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1spl6s/yesterday_was_my_birthday_also_my_first_sober/

On my birthday December 11 1978 I made a decision to stop drinking and look into ways to help myself. I was in the Air Force age 24. I sought counsel through Social Actions a military counseling service. I found AA literature being stuffed under my dorm room for a few days. I remained sober and went to my first AA Meeting on the 16th. I stayed very stable alcohol-wise until 1988 when I got divorced from my first wife who I met in AA! I did the worst kind of relapse. I bought and drank O'Douls for a few months and never went further. I had an affair relationship during the breakup and for about a year after. I went to only about a meeting a month. I quit the O'Douls never fessed up and started back to meetings. In the end of 89 I met my 2nd wife and am still married. She's today 34 years sober. We quit AA in the late 90s because we got into a born again church and we allowed them to evangelize us into thinking we didn't need AA that Jesus was enough. Well we found ourselves realizing we'd been hoodwinked into a low fringe cult and quit that. On business trips I'd 'sneak' some O'Douls. Still never went all the way. My life was good by there were some real stressors. Namely me living lies that I never have and still never will come clean about. On April 5th 2003 I took my first real drink and that started a run that lasted on and off until I finally made it here. I am just ok. I use Vivitrol once monthly to help stop cravings which really works. I still don't know how to proceed in regard to the other dimensions of recovery. I am really not willing to become completely honest with others about myself and have secrets. I am fully aware of them and to disclose them would truly harm others and possibly put me into a situation of real corruption of my character and damage me for life. So I don't trust AA because I know there is no such thing as real anonymity. I have left god out of the picture because I had a number of experiences and trials which prove to me alone that he doesn't interact with me. I could seek counsel professionally but that too has cost and I still have trust issues. (I believe that I am too gullible for therapy and have in trying that in the past believed lies about myself as being sicker than I really am.) So my recovery is based upon physical fitness and a reduction of mental examination. My conscience is corrupt and I don't trust it either. But today I am truly committed to allowing my life to carry on without alcohol and drugs and am doing my best to live in a manner that is respectful of others and myself. I'll stop there for now. So today is the first day of my 60th year of life. I was 59 yesterday.
----------immediate responses--------

This is difficult. Your burden may remain heavier than most if you can't get honest. Have you considered hiring a lawyer? 
You're anonymous here.  Share all you need to share...Congrats on your 157 days and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Good luck man. Maybe make a throwaway account here and get whatever you need to off your chest may be cathartic to let it out. 
Wow that was very strong and I'm sorry for all you've been through.  I'm 50 and have been struggling with alcohol since I was 11. Not as successfully as you still plugging away since there isn't much alternative.  Good luck going forward..Happy birthday...and many more.
Happy birthday!  Congratulations on finding your way to SD.
Sounds like you were a dry drunk for a lot of years. I'm starting to firmly believe that in order to be comfortable with sobriety we have to work on ourselves to address why we turned to alcohol in the first place. ..If AA and therapy are not for you what about some self-help books? I think a lot of really good and useful books get dragged down by the generally crappy reputation self-help as an industry has earned. But you have to be willing to set aside your ego (something I struggle with) and have an open mind. I got  books from the local library so there wasn't a big investment. I personally enjoyed:..* *Things Might Go Terribly Horribly Wrong* by Kelly Wilson..* *The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People*..* *Three Minute Therapy: Change Your Thinking Change Your Life*..* *Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy*..Best of luck to you and please keep coming here for support! 
Welcome to the group. Good luck to you.
I realize I've got some choices to make about my decisions. I appreciate the feedback. I'm far from done. I'm also a little neurotic and psychotic.
