-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sq13a/worried_about_new_years/

I'm having a little get together at my place. I really can't cancel since one of the guest is one of my wife's oldest friends and coming from out of state. Her husband who has become a pretty good friend is coming back from deployment and really looking forward to it as well. Some of the other guest also coming from out of town. One Struggling with a life threatning disease of her own. So their is no way I'm canceling on these people. It's kinda tradition to have a nice dinner and celebrate at my place.Most of them don't drink that much anyways. I'm really not worried about drinking as much as I'm worried about tripping out on someone who keeps pressuring me to have a drink. Some of the people my wife has invited might get on my last nerve and the funny thing is they're my friends. I just don't have a desire to put up with them and scared I might ruin the night. I try to stay calm when people are trying to get me to drink or questioning me about why I quit. That calmness doesn't last long though and I'm pretty fierce about protecting the sobriety I have. Think I might overreact sometimes. Guess my question is does anyone have any advice to help me control my emotions? Really it's a few weeks off and mentally I'm preparing for battle already. Some of the people don't even know I quit drinking in the first place now that I think about it. Should I just make announcement early on? Hey guys I quit drinking please respect that and don't bother me about it or I'll take your car keys and kick your ass out of the house. Wouldn't want anyone drinking and driving you know.
----------immediate responses--------

Something like that may work. You can write it out ahead of time. Full rant all the way through then go back and adjust for humanities sake. Eventually you'll have something reasonable. Run it by your wife too.
I wouldn't say anything.  But if you feel you must you can just say that you quit drinking.  It actually came up for me today in the office.  Someone was talking about insomnia.  I said that I used to have that problem and am glad I don't anymore.  She asked how I fixed it.  I said that I quit drinking.  "Oh."  That was all...Hang in there.  [My first NYE](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15wbm1/nye_story/) was a little tough.  But the following day was when I had the conversation with my wife that really set me on the right track.  I felt left out because my friends were drinking and I wasn't.  In talking to my wife about it the next day I said that I was missing out on the whole point of the get together: the wine.  She said that she didn't think of it that way.  To her the point was to get together with friends.  She could have had alcohol or not (take it or leave it).  It really showed me that my thinking was so different from hers and other people who don't have a drinking problem.  Seeing that difference really showed me that alcohol isn't for me...I would find a drink that you like and keep it in your hand the whole time.  Personally I've found pineapple juice to be a great sipping drink when I'm around drunkards... I mean people who are drinking...Good luck!
Just flat out tell them you're an alcoholic.  Some of them will be all shocked and ask if they shouldn't drink that night too.  Tell them it's fine they can drink they're not the ones with the alcohol problem you are.  Then request nicely that they don't ask you to drink and change the subject.  Your wife should be on the same page as you and can pipe in that you're doing great which will solidify in your guests minds that you and drinking don't exist anymore...And worst case scenario have an out.  If you need to bail for a bit and head to a meeting or just clear your head by running to the store to pick up a few things do so.  Have that escape clause in place with your wife ahead of time...Proper preparation prevents perilous predicaments.  It's an old street gang motto I learned along the way that still rings true..
Better to overreact than to drink. If those are the options. Deal with the "fallout" later. There is ZERO shame in being an alcoholic and protecting your sobriety is the number one important thing...If someone offers a drink to you say "Actually I have quit drinking and have been sober for 131 days. I'm not drinking tonight."
I would handle it quietly one by one if needed as most probably won't care that you're not drinking. If anyone offers politely decline. If they ask why tell them. If anyone makes a big deal about it ask them to leave. It's your house after all. Handle it like a gentleman.
If I'm at someone else's party and I've politely declined a drink more than twice (from the same person) I leave...If it's at my house THEY get to leave...If you ask them politely then have to ask them to leave and they cause a scene THEY have ruined the party not you...If it's just the sheer number of people asking since it's your house you can quietly remove yourself away to regather your sense of calm...I haven't found the need to make an announcement it will just draw the questions all the more.  ..Will this be your first party? I've found it goes MUCH better if it's a party I'm looking forward to and that I genuinely let loose and have fun at.  Nobody questions your sobriety when you are laughing (and/or singing) as loud as they are.  If you're in the corner moping though... they'll want to help get you to "fun" in the only way they know how.
