-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1srx9i/got_nostalgic_about_shotgunning_beers_tonight_what/

I was watching a TV show and on the show everyone was shotgunning beers hanging out having fun. And I got really pissed that I can't do that. ...I am struggling. I am in finals right now and after they're done I would LOVE to get hammered. Just for a night. I would love to go out to the bars with my friends and have a good night out. I know better. I know what happens when I drink. I'll get drunk I'll say and do stupid shit I'll lose control. I don't want to...How can I change my mindset about this? Has anyone experienced this kind of irritation? I had been feeling so comfortable in my sobriety until just now. ...I got sober young I was a "yet" (no DUI "yet" no rehab "yet") but I hate drunk me the morning after... why do I want it right now? Why do I want it so badly? Just to get absolutely shitfaced drunk? I am reaching out because working with my own toolkit isn't working and I'd love some feedback and support. Thank you guys.   
----------immediate responses--------

My past has shown me that this is my brain trying to trick me into drinking. It's like a child throwing a temper tantrum. If you give in now it'll do it again and again and again because it knows you'll buckle like a belt. You don't give in you don't back down you wait it out. Once your brain realizes that you're not going to give it booze again it'll settle down and listen to reason. How long that takes however depends on how much of a brat your brain decides to be. Every child is different so is every brain.
[deleted]
You said it's finals time.... I have been sober about the same amount of time as you and it's finals time for me too.  This is my first finals week sober (and I'm a professor so that's been a LOT of finals weeks).  I have found my silly tricksy brain thinking "no class tomorrow and done grading for the day = DRINK!" and "once I submit my final grades = not just DRINK but DRINK ALL THE LIQUOR!" I figure I've sort of trained my brain to deal with many everyday situations without going to that DRINK place but situations that come up more rarely still cause my brain to think DRINK!  So I think it's okay to have that initial feeling.  What matters is what you do with it.  And you are thinking about it and posting here.  A better more constructive reaction than listening to it...Also you and I both know that tv/movie depictions of drinking and drunkenness are pretty much nothing like actual drinking and drunkenness.  Tv beer shotgunning is funny and moves the plot along. No one pukes or turns into an asshole or does any of the stupid terrible stuff that people actually do when they shotgun beers. ..AND just remember... You haven't had a DUI or otherwise devastated your young promising life...YET.  The level of drunk you would get to quickly after shotgunning beers would certainly help you reach a lower bottom.....I'm sorry I probably got a little preachy there.  I just know a lot about drinking at finals time and the havoc it can wreak. I'm proud of you for being so thoughtful and posting here. 
Wow! Look at you doing the right thing. Posting your frustration here instead of caving when things get difficult. You are rocking this. Congratulations. 
