-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ssue8/drinking_alone/

I am an introvert by nature. I would almost always prefer to stay home and read or watch TV or mess around on the internet. As time went on I rolled alcohol into this behavior and pretty soon I ended up getting drunk on the couch by myself 7 nights a week. My wife works nights several nights a week and I would typically not really begin drinking until my son went to bed at around 8. One of my huge triggers is being home alone. It's not like a bar. I just can't avoid it because basically it is my life. I can't really go out because I am looking after my son. I have been hitting online SMART meetings and they are good distractions but they are limited in the times and frequency that they are offered...So I am really struggling with these evenings alone. Is anyone dealing with a situation like this? Any suggestions would be great.
----------immediate responses--------

You could try the webchat in the sidebar.  I think there's going to be a movie night tonight (we all watch the same movie at the same time and chat about it).  That could distract you for one evening...My strategy for the first couple months sober was that I needed to concentrate my limited willpower on just being sober so I had to cut myself slack on other things.  For me cutting myself slack meant playing video games way too much eating junk food having terrible sleep habits and drinking too much caffeine.  If you've spent a lot of time alone you should know what you like.
There are lots of people here just like you. Read enough back posts and you'll find people telling your story. Can I just say that drunk you is not a safe guardian for a young child? It sounds harsh I'm sorry but it's true. 
I am the same way. Ironically I first started drinking as a social lubricant and it worked great for a bit but then turned into me getting drunk by myself. I haven't drank with other people in years. I agree with simplydisconnected in cutting yourself some slack and doing what makes you comfortable while you get some sober time. If you can get out of the house you could go to a SMART or AA meeting in person. 
I'm the same although introverted is really too nice a name for it - how about utterly self-centred or dangerously anti-social? That better sums up my personality type especially with a drink inside me. I found myself looking after two children at night while drinking alone and my wife away with work. In the end after years of coming home to find me drunk or passed out in the kitchen and the kids cold and hungry and not in bed my wife had to take some pretty drastic action to have me removed from the household. I don't blame her for her actions but I often think if only I had asked for help a lot sooner things would have been a whole lot different today. But no my Pride prevented me from seeking help until I was practically begging on the streets...If you are working then you could pay a babysitter to look after your son while you go to AA meetings in the evenings. If you are not working then you could go to AA meetings during the day. Alternatively there's a bunch of on-line tapes of AA meetings here. If you can't go to meetings then perhaps you could download and listen to these:-..http://www.xa-speakers.org/pafiledb.php?action=category&amp;id=28..There's over 2000 hours worth of AA speakers on this site alone - so that should keep your evening busy if you are serious about stopping drinking...Good luck - in the end only AA's 12 step program of recovery worked for me and as a result of staying sober for over 3 years I am now back in regular contact with my sons again...
&gt; I just can't avoid it because basically it is my life...Isn't "not buying alcohol" a good way to avoid it? It sounds like you have a version of my life and that's working for me.
There are usually some AA meetings that provide childcare. Call your local AA office or check their website to find one!..Edit to add: Actually if you call AA someone will also be glad to come to your house and talk to you about what's going on. There are a lot of people in your town who can't wait to help you live an awesome sober life -- call them!
Are you me? I'm just like this got to the point where needed at least a few drinks to feel ready for bed. This is gonna be cheesy but I found reading more (which I had all but stopped doing) helped me  stay sober on a quiet night. Still have bouts of insomnia but the reading helps a bunch..***edit: tense***
I don't have any children but I drank excessively every night for two years. I can completely meet you at the "nights alone are triggers" point because I would almost always drink alone. A good night for me was an HBO movie marathon a giant bottle of water a fast food snack (or pizza) and a full bottle of whiskey...Now that I'm trying to quit the nights I spend alone are the worst. There is literally nothing standing between me and a trip to the liquor store. The drive home is my biggest hurdle. My response to this has been to have my girlfriend hold me accountable. Speaking as a compete novice here maybe let your wife in and let her help you hold yourself accountable. The support of a loved one has proven invaluable in my experience...Good luck. I'm certain you can do this. You need to be too.  
Similar for me.  I'm also an introvert.  I'm married to an extrovert.  I encouraged her to go out and spend time with her friends because I can't give her the amount of idle chatter that she seems to feed on.  :-)  Most of my drinking was at home as I also have kids to keep alive.  ..On the nights she went out it was like a free pass to wasted.  No one there to see how much I was actually drinking...I can get how even if you were able to go to them in person meetings wouldn't appeal to you.  They don't for me...I found the combination of Allen Carr's book and lurking here was enough for me to break my cycle of heavy daily drinking.  The book especially helped me think through it...I suggest always having an alternate beverage in your hand.  Helps with the habit part.  I started with cocktail like things such as tonic and lime and have eventually moved to soda water.  I've found I really like to drink anything it doesn't have to be alcohol.  I probably don't hydrate enough during the day.  In the evening I have 4-5 pints of soda water when I'm hanging out.  Same for if I go out with friends.  I'm drinking the same amount they are just without the alcohol in it...Good luck!
Walking by my favorite red wine in the store is still like walking by an ex lover thats going home with someone else... but if I don't buy it I can't drink it especially if kids are asleep I can't just leave for a store trip with my kid home alone. I do buy a treat instead though cookies ice cream flavored drink packets when shopping to prepare for those nights.
Yep I'm right here with you dealing with this! My husband works in theater so lots of nights. On a "normal" Friday 5+ months ago I would've stopped at the liquor store on the way home from work bought a 1.75L of rum and by now (90 minutes later) I'd be a couple shots and a mixed drink into making my night alone "more interesting." ..It's likely that by the time I went to bed 1/3 of the bottle would be gone--and I'd finish it over the rest of the weekend (after sleeping in hungover both days)...Tonight I'll be reading maybe pick out a DVD and I'll make myself a nice pot of tea. If I manage to digest the giant cheeseburger I ate for dinner sometime within the next few hours maybe I'll do some yoga. It's not terribly exciting but I'm okay with that. Good luck to you!
