-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1st5nj/hi/

I quit drinking on 12/7 - After 11 years of alcohol and other substance abuse I am finally able to admit to myself that I can't drink like other people. I pushed off facing this by setting "rules" around my drinking when I would consistently fuck up: Stopped drinking hard alcohol years ago (mostly) because I would black out every time stopped drinking anything but beer later because I'd get too fucked up on wine then started drinking "good beers" because they had a higher alcohol percentage. Finally most recently started drinking "crappy light beer" again because I could drink it for longer without passing out. I had a DUI 2 years ago and somehow I just thought the problem was driving drunk not being drunk so I stopped driving drunk. I have a successful career and am married with a 9 month old which I think helped me lie to myself that my drinking was under control - if I'm not getting in fights with my wife and fulfilling my role as provider - everything must be OK then right?..So anyway last week I fucked up pretty bad and put myself in a dangerous situation. Went downtown for drinks with old co-workers and somehow instead of getting on a train home at 6:30pm as planned my memory comes back at a gas station in a REALLY bad area of the city 15 blocks from the nearest train station. I vaguely remember being kicked off the train but I really don't know it was at least midnight at this point. My phone was dead so I paid a security guard in the gas station to call a cab for me - but cabs wouldn't come to this part of the city. So after an hour and a half paid someone in an old beater who claimed to be a cab driver to take me home (I live about 30 miles west of there in a nice suburb)..Saturday I told my wife I was an alcoholic I've known there might be an issue for a long time now but after (once again) struggling to recall the events of the night before - it felt great to say it. We have a lot of family and friends who have struggled with addiction and their problems are on the surface and out in the open so I think it made it easier to pretend I didn't have a problem - I only have ONE dui I haven't lost my license permanently like some people we know. Looking at it now I feel like a total idiot not having admitted this sooner. So starting last week I decided on just a single new rule with my drinking: Don't ever have the first one. ..Last night was a little tough if I ever made it Monday-Wednesday without a drink it was game over on Thursday - but reading posts here really helped. I am confident that I can do this and am excited to experience long-term sobriety for the first time in a decade. If you make it this far thanks for reading :) It feels good to get it off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 5 days. Those are the hardest ones and you made it through them. Our stories sound pretty similar (just like pretty much everyone else here). How did your wife take it?..My only (unsolicited) advice is this: it's hard to do it alone. Keep an open mind about checking out a meeting (AA SMART whatever) because it really does help. Everyone there has been 5 days sober and a bunch of them have been 5 days sober a few times. Meetings really helped me out at the beginning I wouldn't be here without them now.
Welcome to the group. Grab a badge and stick around a while. :)
Solid choice - I've never regretted this decision not once. Welcome to the community a place where keeping active keeps you sober.
Congrats! It definitely helps to have some support at home and online.
Welcome great to see you have a badge! Your story is similar to mine but I'm female lol. I got a DUI June 2012 but just got serious about sobriety about a month ago. Good luck!
Good wake up call and you are able to post here instead of being a sad story in the paper or on the news.
