-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1stid1/in_and_out_of_sobriety/

I seem to really be struggling to make the whole sobriety thing stick. Got hammered it last night after 34 days of sobriety and am dealing with the fallout today. ..I first admitted I had a serious problem in April this year and I've been in and out of AA and sobriety in general since. The longest sober period I've had so far is about 3 months with a few other shorter runs...I've posted on another alcoholism forum about how I've let complacency get the better of me before. It seems like the pattern for me is to have a alcohol-related crisis erupt focus on sobriety get a few months in and then lose focus. I start to drink "in moderation" and then rocket past moderation straight back to "swimming in booze."..Is this sort of "in and out" pattern something you guys have dealt with? How have you gotten past it?
----------immediate responses--------

judging by the posts here this is quite common.  from what i've seen it is just like you say "i'll try moderation" to "i pee'd on a cop last night".  the most common advice i see is to ensure you are always going to meetings and keep your mindstate right even when you `feel in control.  
[deleted]
Vigilance. Structured events. Daily meetings. Daily recovery readings. Three meals a day. Exercise. ..But all these things won't make you stay sober. You need to want it...What happens when you want to drink? People tend to get a case of the fuckits throw their hands up and drink...Here's the trick: sometimes I get the fuckits. I throw my hands up and let go and do some recovery related stuff...Before I got into recovery I was still allowing myself to drink. In my opinion this was because I hadn't truly accepted the alcoholic fate: jails institutions and death...
What helped me was going to AA getting a sponsor working the steps and having a counselor. If you haven't these things consider them. Sounds like you may not understand the disease of alcoholism or truly accept that you have it. Working the steps goes a long way towards remedying this situation.
[deleted]
