-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1swsue/rough_day_beat_up_a_laundry_a_basket/

My baby daughter is in the NICU she was born 3 months prematurely which set of a 2 month long binge but also (in addition to a DUI) has gotten me sober 9 days and counting. She had surgery yesterday for Retinopathia of prematurity a condition that can lead to blindness. She is really struggling to recover and it is likely that she picked up some sort of infection that could lead to further complications in the Operating room or being transported to and from. This experience has been the hardest thing I have ever dealt with and trying to get sober on top of it has made it harder. Days like this I would have been 5 6 bourbons deep by now. ..Throughout the day I thought a lot about how nice it would be have a few to numb this pain a bit but resisted. I got home from the hospital intending to do the laundry. I picked up the laundry basket and just lost it. Slammed it on the ground and kicked the shit out of it. Completely immature and embarrassing I know but it's better than hitting the bottle. I'm afraid I scared my wife. Need to find a healthier outlet my anger and frustration but at least no relapse. Exercise has helped but it's not enough. I need a punching bag or something. that's all. thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear you're going through that man. That sounds really rough. Great job on not drinking. We both know it won't make anything better. Really great job. Wishing you and your daughter the best. Hang in there. 
Because I started drinking at a young age I never learned adult coping techniques instead I used alcohol to escape from having to cope with reality.  So I've had to learn them from scratch. Sounds like you have some learning to do too! You did a solid thing by not drinking today my friend. That laundry basket probably had it coming right? ;-)..[This](http://www.amazon.com/Everlast-Omniflex-Standing-Heavy-Black/dp/B008RI1B14/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_nC?ie=UTF8&amp;colid=16LREP9RVSX1T&amp;coliid=I21T4AX7A3RJGU) is on my Christmas wish list with a strong hint to my SO. I plan on using it along with my newly learned adult coping techniques. :-D..Wishing you and your daughter the best...
Laundry baskets are cheap and easily replaceable sobriety is not easy to maintain in the best of conditions and you are going through a real tough time. Hang in there!..Wishing your family the best!
[deleted]
Dang. Excellent work staying sober. I cannot imagine what you are going through. You didn't mention whether or not you exercised but since I've quit drinking whenever I  start feeling crazy I go for a run. Or do some other form of exercise. Just an idea. Also I've been meditating for 10 minutes every morning using a tape for guidance. That's another thing to look into. Best of luck. Stay sober.  
Maybe you could look into doing something like fitness kickboxing kick the shit out of pads for 1hr could release some rage and you mightn't have energy to be angry after. GL op stay strong!
The gravity of the situation justifies a little basket bashing in my opinion you can be proud to have limited your reaction to kicking the crap out of an inanimate object. I'm hoping everything turns out of for you. *INTERNET HUG*
Judging by everything you are going through it sounds like you are doing a much better job staying sober and keeping it together than you are giving yourself credit for. Having a baby girl in the situation yours is in is havoc for emotions and if losing it now means that you have to take it out on a laundry basket so be it! I'm sure many fathers have done far worse to deal with the suffering of your situation before adding on top of it a desire to maintain sobriety. Keep up the good work get yourself a punching bag or whatever else you might need and give that laundry basket a good kick for me too just because it deserves it. ;-).Stay strong buddy! Recognize you're going through some pretty harsh circumstances give yourself a pat on the back and give your wife a hug as well. 
[deleted]
I cannot imagine the stress you and your wife are going through. I think you are doing fantastically well...Also fuck that laundry basket. It was up to no good :P
You are doing heroic stuff right now. So glad you can be present for your wife and daughter during this incredibly stressful time.
This is so rough. Can't compare to what you're going through my brother is in the hospital after some serious surgery  he's in a lot of pain and I'm 1000 miles away. He is my best friend. I've also contemplated drinking to numb but you and I know it just makes it worse. Please keep us posted on your daughter.
Hang in there friend and GOOD JOB NOT DRINKING.
Nothing compares to the feeling when your child's health is on the line. It touches your worst fears and hits you right where your love is the strongest. The loss of control and anxieties are off the charts...You have this internet stranger's complete permission to beat the shit out of any wayward laundry accouterments that may saunter past you however unawares. Your anger and frustration are warranted no one will fault you for that...Stay sober and angry. Stay sober and exercise your body. Stay sober and go for a walk. Stay sober and post to r/sd. Stay sober. Stay sober. Stay sober.
[deleted]
