-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t0jvc/movies_about_recovery/

I watched the movie Flight last night which is about a pilot that struggles with addiction and denial.  I found it to be a really great inspiring movie.  It does have a lot of drinking in it so if you are in early recovery it may not be the best thing to watch.  I did on day 2 and it didn't really bother me too much (except seeing a Yuengling bottle my poison of choice).  .Are there any recovery movies that helped you all stay strong throughout yours?  
----------immediate responses--------

I love the idea of watching movies to help recovery. I can't think of any suggestions but I following this thread for ideas. Thanks.
Check out a movie called Smashed. Pretty low budget and unknown but I liked it...New documentary about bill w is good. More historical on formation of AA...
I saw the documentary Anonymous People a while back. It was phenomenal film. Chris Herron's 30 for 30 ungaurded is excellent for us sports fans.
*Thanks for Sharing* is a fantastic film centered around recovery.  I saw it in theaters and it was just so relatable to my own recovery - except that the film is mainly about sex addiction.  Addiction is addiction though.  ..*Oslo August 31st* is another good movie on addiction. Sad and depressing but real.  Foreign film.  
This question gets asked a lot.  We will add a FAQ section listing popular movies / tv shows / documentaries.   It'd help a lot if people could list their favorites here...Everyone:  go!
Uhh this is a bit of a stretch but the first episode of Superjail! (Superbar) partly revolves around one of the central characters being a recovering alcoholic... It's pretty damn funny if you like to have a laugh at your own expense :P..Great thread idea wouldn't mind checking a few of these suggestions out. ..It's All Gone Pete Tong is a great movie though the drug he recovers from is cocaine and there is *heavy* drinking throughout. I would say that it glorifies drinking actually there's no resolution to his drinking at the end in fact everything turns out just fine and he's swilling scotch like nobody's business. That said if it won't be a trigger for you the moment he confronts his addiction is both incredibly powerful and gleefully hilarious.
[28 Days](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0191754/) is a dorky movie starring Sandra Bullock. The plot centers around her character's time in court-ordered rehab...While not a particularly *good* movie I watched it a few months ago and found it strangely comforting. Then again I like Sandra Bullock - YMMV. Steve Buscemi is in it too.
Early on in recovery I gravitated towards the following:..* [Clean And Sober](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094884/) (1988 Michael Keaton Kathy Baker Morgan Freeman). I'm lucky to live in an area where there are a number of late-night meetings but on nights where I found myself inexplicably up at 2 or 3 in the morning this movie was my "meeting on demand". Plus it's a fantastic reminded that Michael Keaton is/was a phenomenal actor. If you only pick one off my list pick this one...* [Leaving Las Vegas](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113627/) (1995 Nicholas Cage Elisabeth Shue) "Trigger Warning" never carried so much weight but for me it was important to see almost a reminder of how far down the rabbit hole I was willing to go... and how much further I could have gone. It glorifies the self-destructive nature of alcoholism unchecked but does nothing to beautify it...* [My Name Is Bill W.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097939/) (1989 James Woods James Garner Gary Sinise) A made-for-TV movie more than likely available on YouTube on the foundation of Alcoholics Anonymous. Really it's a dramatization on the first few chapters of the Big Book. In hindsight it's a relatively stellar cast for such a controversial topic at the time...* [Everything Must Go](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1531663/) (2010 Will Ferrell Christopher Wallace) A bit of a hit-or-miss movie objectively but for those in the early stages of recovery it's a nice story about the "what now?" feeling of realizing you need to quit especially in the face of a world that won't relent just because you need to get sober. Great performance from Biggie Smalls' son too...* [CM Punk: Best In The World](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2322674/) (2012 doc) Okay so a bit of a personal bias here. I'm a pro-wrestling fan. Shortly before I got sober this was the guy that got me back into watching it again. Turns out this indie punk backyard wrestler-turned-international superstar had his own experiences with alcoholism hitting his family friends and childhood. Punk is a self-identified straight-edge and the interviews in the story tell a great tale of abstinence a DIY spirit and a positive mental attitude towards self-actualization. It answers the question "how can sobriety be my identity without sacrificing anything about me?"..I'll add more to this if they come to mind.
When a Man Loves a Woman. Heartbreaking and hope inspiring. Also very relateable scenes.
Isn't Rachel's Getting Married about addiction? I haven't seen it but it got real good reviews.
**Trainspotting** is about heroin use and recovery. The scene where Renton is going through his worst withdrawals in NOT for the squeamish. I'm not sure if (director) Danny Boyle has ever been an addict but that particular scene is fucking spot on. It's a huge motivation for me to steer clear of opiates.
Not quite an answer to your question but related. I used to find normal Hollywood portrayals of alcohol as a trigger - it's generally shown in films as being glamorous cool adult sexy and a way for beautiful people to have fun.  They rarely show the reality of alcoholism or even hangovers. ..But now whenever I see drinking portrayed unrealistically it gives me strength because it reminds me that society can often have a fucked up view of alcohol and so I should make my own decisions based on by own experience.
Days of Wine and Roses it is a lot older with Jack Lemmon I found great.
okay so I don't want to give any spoilers but last week I saw saving Mr. Banks and though its not really about recovery it does deal with the very dark side of alcoholism and the lasting effects it can have on.. lets say  your children ..The movie was brilliant and not only because i'm a bit of a disney freak but i wasn't expecting it to be that dark and touching especially since i'm going through this recovery thing. On that note I don't know if it may or may not be a trigger for anyone just a warning. 
The Basketball Diaries was a decent movie about heroin addiction with a young Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg
If your into teen girl movies "True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet" falls under that genre but it is really good. Its about figuring out life after rehab.
Requiem for a Dream. No exactly about recovery but about hitting bottoms from different angles and a lot of roads leading to broken when alcohol and drugs are involved.
Crazy Heart is a great one about finding a bottom it is on tv right now.....
"Paha Maa" (the frozen land) is a good film though dark. One of the characters is an alcoholic in recovery who struggles because losing his job I think maybe his house etc etc and he slips up bad and  there are bad consequences to that. It's pretty grim so I wouldn't say "inspiring" but it made an impression on me...It's not really about recovery it's more about people's actions and the consequences like a ripple effect I guess (Starts that some kid counterfeits money and the film shows all the consqeunces it has for people he doesn't know.)
I really want to watch Flight and think I'm ready for it. I haven't experienced cravings for weeks. But I'm also being gentle with myself so maybe i'll wait until I have a bit more sobriety. 
Last year's documentary on Bill W gives me hope. http://www.page124.com/..Before "Flight" there were "Days of Wine and Roses" and "The Long Weekend"..There is a nice scene with Anthony Hopkins as a 30 year sober guy in a film called 360 and is Nick Knolte is good in "Warrior" as an alcoholic falling off the wagon after 1000 days...But the best film by far I have seen on alcoholism in the last few years is "Tyrannosaur" - mainly because it was filmed in the place where and at the time when I got sober. ..see:.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvyqXFmV-LI..It's a harrowing film but it's the only one that even comes close to describing what it's really like to live with alcoholism today. Peter Mullan who co-stars in Tyrannosaur was also in a Film called "My name is Joe" from 1998..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vog33PwornI -  but like this trailer it was a bit shit...
"The Verdict" ends with a scene of hope as  Paul Newman's character (an alcoholic lawyer) is drinking coffee in his room
[deleted]
[This documentary](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NP0InrPZpjg) called Rain in My Heart is really difficult to watch but shows the profound physical effects that alcohol has on your body. 
These are some of the ones that had an impact on me. Note some of these are more about the problem than the solution (but so is the Intervention series which I love to watch):..Clean and Sober (watched it in a rehab)..Less than Zero ..Bright Lights Big City..And a few others that have kept the memories alive lest I forget (tried to pick some I didn't already see in the comments):..Salton Sea..Spun..Rock Star (OK I'm reaching a little).
[deleted]
Trainspotting comes to mind although most of the people in that movie don't recover.
