-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t0pna/starting_over/

As of yesterday I was 5 days in to sobriety and had a relapse. I went to a company Christmas party and thought I could control myself and only have a few. By the end of the I had lost count and was flirting with blacking out. I thought I could do this under my own will and determination but I was mistaken. Not sure if I should find an AA meeting or seek counseling to hopefully find the root of my problem. Any experiences or advice is welcomed.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there you are not alone. Yes seek support. AA and / or counselling will help. This sub is a great place to start. I'm right there with you just relapsed on the weekend :( I'm going to AA on my lunch break today. 
AA is what works best for me. Made it a few years into sobriety stopped going to meetings and figured I could handle things on my own. Tried to be a social drinker maybe just do one happy hour a week. Then it turned into 2 or 3 times a week then drinking at home and then it turned into a daily thing again. I'm going to pass on the Christmas parties this year since it's probably not the best environment for me right now. Downloaded a couple of AA apps that helped me find meetings. Have been to three meetings in the past week and they seem to help. I spent invested enough of my time into drinking the last few years so I feel I can spend an hour of my time in a meeting. Reading this subreddit every day is also helping tremendously. I hope you find what you need to help you stay sober. Keep us updated on how you're doing.
The best thing about AA is it's immediacy. In most areas you can find a meeting somewhere any day or night of the week. You can start today. Just go sober.
The root of your problem is simple . You can't drink "normally". Neither can I  and Lord how I tried. I tried SO HARD to drink one glass of wine maybe I could at the event but I was stopping at the liquor store on the way home to drink in the car then stumble inside. My poor family. I've had two relapses  I know how shitty they feel. Just start your sober life once again.  Build up your sobriety toolbox and fish something out when you're tempted. Good luck! You can do it the power is inside you.
AA is free!  Good luck.
