-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t2zhe/alcohol_and_arrested_development/

Hello /r/stopdrinking! I'm a long time lurker and made this account specifically to post here but I hesitated for a long time. Saying this publicly even on an internet forum seemingly makes my problem more real and gives me accountability but here goes:..I'm one of those "lucky" formerly heavy drinkers who has been able to drink in moderation. When I was in college and a few years after I drank the absolutely disgusting amounts of booze that some of you describe. I realized it was wrecking my health and my life so I sharply cut back. Most days I hold myself to 2-3 drinks and once every couple weeks I'll have 4-5. No blackouts (anymore) no DUIs any of that sort of thing. Maybe a bit heavier drinker than ideal but not too out of line for a man in his late 20s. In some ways I may be considered a success story for moderation...In most ways however I'm anything but a success. Since I stopped  drinking heavily I haven't done shit with my life and I'm sick of it and here's why: I hate moderation. While I can make myself stop drinking after a couple drinks I never want to. I spend all day looking forward to the precious allotment of alcohol I allow myself to have in the evening and when I get home from work and demolish it at record pace I get resentful that my self-imposed limits prevent me from drinking more. I usually spend the rest of the evening being irritable at having to stop imbibing. GEE I'M SURE GLAD ALCOHOL ISN'T CONTROLLING MY LIFE ANYMORE! /s..My job is a joke I work in food service. I always did well in school went to a top tier university and was destined for success until I started drinking. People I know from high school are doctors professional scientists and junior corporate executives. I make $10/hour serving food. I could and should better myself but it's so much easier to plunk down on the couch in front of Netflix with my drinks instead of looking for a better job it's what I've been looking forward to all day!..I'm lazy. My dad (almost 60) just ran his...13th marathon. I'm a spitting image I have the same genes yet I struggle to run 3 miles. I could do it I could be active but even 3 drinks every day is enough to give me poor sleep and a persistent nagging headache in the morning enough to keep me in bed until the last possible minute...I have no friends. The ones I used to have I drove off during my selfish years of reckless drinking. I have difficulty making new ones because I'm always irritable constantly thinking about my next drink or ruing my inability to have just one more. My guitar sits in the corner gathering dust. I have loads of standup comedy written down I'd love to try out at the open mic but I get so anxious without copious amounts of my liquid crutch. ..I just want to do more with my life but my fixation on alcohol is dragging me down. While I don't drink the quantity that most alcoholics drink my moderate drinking is still causing me way too much grief. This is my 3rd day of sobriety (woo!) and I'm looking forward to talking to you all regularly to keep each other on track and reaching our goals. Thanks /r/stopdrinking!..tldr; alcohol isn't ruining my life but it's making it incredibly mediocre. It's time to quit.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I think you're making a really wise decision. It's so much easier and more comfortable not having to fight yourself to stay moderate. Just let it go. 
Yeah on those occasions I was "successful" at moderation I was as you describe it was so much work and I too was a pissed off puppy...I needed Aa first to stop but then to learn how to live without the " crutch".  There are alternatives  results may vary.    ..In aa membership is yours if you want it because you want to stop drinking.   Period.   Quantity is not measured.   Suspect same is true for smart.
.Been there. Good for you on recognizing this about yourself in your 20s and not your 40's. 
[deleted]
Yup.  Time to quit.  You're not alone!
