-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t4s1d/someone_suggested_i_xpost_this_here_from_the/

"Drunk every day for ~6 years here; not exaggerating. What would be considered "excessive" by most people double that that was me every single day. A lot of people joke about being an alcoholic because they get drunk more than once or twice a week. I'll give you a run-down of my day-to-day life at the worst of it....Wake up. See what time it is see how long I have until I have to work. If I have more than an hour I lay around and try to hide from what comes next. I have thoughts like "when was the last time I ate? Did I eat more than a couple bites? did I throw it up?".finally get out of bed. Anxiety attack starts. Dry heaving ticks coughing puking; "Did I eat something red yesterday? I probably just drank wine it's not blood. If it happens again I'll go to the doctor (HAHA right.)" Get in the shower phone in a plastic bag just sit under running water again hiding from the anxiety....Finish shower stall as long as possible to make food. "Hmm...it's 2:45 I don't have to work until 3:30...I got time to walk to the store and get some bumwine and chug it before work." Do that. (this is of course assuming i worked the afternoon shift when I worked the morning I would have a coffee mug full of wine or if I'm lucky vodka and whatever flat mixer I have left over)."I should really do laundry. Later. I have to go to work." Get to work shot. Start opening up shot. First regular comes in "Hey dude want a shot?" Basically I drink at this point until the anxiety subsides enough to smoke a cigarette. This continues for my shift. Close the bar down shot. Pour a double to sip on. Shot. time to leave double shot. Get home drink some more pass out repeat. Every day....Days off the same until the work part. Usually I would ask someone to go to lunch. It got to a point that they wouldn't wait for me to get there to order food because they knew I wasn't eating my "lunch" was 8 or 9 shots of 100 proof in the span of about an hour. Couldn't even tell I had been drinking....The craving wasn't so much for the booze. The craving was to make you forget that you can't remember the last time your body was functioning as normal. You can't remember the last time you didn't have heartburn and puke 5 times a day. You can't remember where you put your keys because your brain is basically sailing in a thick fog with no lighthouse. the craving is to get a good enough buzz going that you ignore the aches and pains in your organs that you write off as "I must have slept funny" until you start pissing blood and your bowel movements haven't been solid since...well fuck who knows?.you know when you eat some cookies from a bag and you go to put up the bag because you've had five and you think "one more before I put it up" and you grab 2 or 3 because fuck it? why not? Yeah that but with poison and instead of 2 or 3 try 15-20....You don't care that your vision is degrading that your pissing away $100's on booze every week you don't care that your relationships with people are as shallow as the puddle of leftover booze in the bottom of the second bottle of wine you polished off by 3 in the afternoon. You don't care because you'll just quit tomorrow... Unfortunately "tomorrow" never turns into "today" and you're stuck in a cycle of self destruction that nobody judges you for because "hey it's only booze.".It's less like a craving. It's like a hunger. But not like "I haven't eaten all day" hunger. More like a...Primal instinctive hunger. Once your body becomes dependent you start to see booze in a predatory fashion. You're a hunter. It's an easy prey for the most part. It doesn't struggle. In fact it welcomes the hunt with it's variety of flavors and pretty bottles and hey it makes you feel really good to get your kill....But like the Marsupial Mice that just fuck until they die your body tries to tell you that your prey is slowly rotting your insides. It sends aches pains your piss looks like dirty chicken stock and smells like old gas station burritos. Your eyes get yellow from the excess bilirubin building up in your soft tissue because your liver and pancreas aren't working like they should. You don't eat. You don't want water..Your brain changes. "Hey man wanna go to this concert? It's your favorite band it's free and I scored back stage passes. Also we have a place to crash!" "Well I don't know man...Is there booze?" "No no booze allowed they check you at the gate." Internally you formulate a strategy. "We can go get something to 'eat' before we go. (see; eating lunch with a friend as I mentioned earlier.)"...You find yourself not enjoying places/people that don't involve access to alcohol. Going to a bar on your lunch break to stave off the shakes. Ordering an appetizer and eating one bite of your jalapeno poppers but you can't finish them because when you're "sober" (less than 5 or 6 units of booze in an hour for people like me) even eating triggers an anxiety attack that would make most people call a doctor....So to answer your question for some of us it's not a craving. It's a way of life. It sure looks fun on the outside being able to drink all you want and not seem drunk everything's always a party because you're always drunk. You don't have many close friends just a lot of people who know you as that fun drunk guy. It's not a craving you don't give a second thought to the fact that you live like this. You start to forget what it's like to just go do something anything without booze. Walking in the park. Going to a friends house to watch the game. Standing in line at the fucking grocery store....It's not a craving. It's a curse. I wouldn't wish it on anyone. It cost me who I thought was the love of my life (turns out she was a crazy bitch anyway but without booze who knows) it's cost my family's business god knows how much in lost revenue from the ensuing drama and laziness that comes with the territory. It almost cost me my sanity and likely my life....sorry for the long-winded response I just saw a lot of comments from people who (to no fault of their own) have a misconception of an "alcoholic" and alcoholic isn't someone who drinks too much; an alcoholic is someone who can't drink enough....Sidenote; This morning at 1:00 AM marked day 7 of my sobriety after ~6 years of literally drinking enough to have a normal person passed out in their own vomit every single day with not a single 24 hour period off. I'm not giving it up forever but when you start to see your life go to shit and you go to the ER for a kidney stone and the nurse says "I saw your liver on the radiology scan...if you don't stop drinking you're going to be in deep shit....Your liver is enlarged and I've only seen it look like that in 65 year old men" and you're only 24 fucking years old your bloodshot yellow dead looking eyes tend to open a bit wider. I don't intend to swear off alcohol forever but if you can help it don't let that shit take control."...I should add that my sobriety came from my own will power and lots of research and consulting on tapering and detoxing without hurting myself. Also I run a bar where I'm allowed to drink and all of my regulars know me as the dude who they can do shots with all night so if I can make it through 3 doubles at work on my 4th day of sobriety and not even almost slip you can too. Anyone who reads this and needs an ear I'd be glad to lend mine. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ah the phenomenon of craving. It goes away if I dot drink for a long time but to returns the instant I take that first drink. It's the complete change like a flip of a switch that is so incomprehensible to me when I'm sober and leads my mind to try talking myself into a drink. "C'mon. You aren't crazy or stupid. You have free will. Of *course* you can have a couple drinks or even get drunk just for a night and be just fine." It's hard to explain the phenomenon to a normie because I don't understand it myself.
&gt;You start to forget what it's like to just go do something anything without booze...This was the hardest part for me at the beginning. I couldn't imagine that I would be able to enjoy simple things like going to a concert or hanging out with my friends or having sex without being buzzed. But as time went by I saw that my brain started changing it kinda rewired itself. If you think about it our brain isn't designed to function under the influence of any substance. And because sobriety is the natural state for the brain it's much easier to get back to default mode. If you stick to sobriety for a couple of months you'll see what I'm talking about. ..Believe me life doesn't have to be an everyday struggle. Just hang in there and take one day at a time. Maybe you will find this subreddit helpful. I've never been to AA this is the only tool I've ever used and I'll be sober for 9 months in a couple of days. ..Hope I'll see you around and thanks for doing me the favour of posting.
During this "clean up" time which you plan I'd strongly suggest you learn more about the disease of alcoholism. It runs in families. You have all the symptoms and described them well.  Your liver is sending the clear message that you are poisoning your own body. Your level of denial and minimizing is seriously jeopardizing your life. The nurse was right and "deep shit" is nothing compared to the reality of liver disease. ..You sound like a proud guy who thinks asking for help is a weakness. Four days sober is not long enough to be giving advice to anyone else but rather focus on your own situation. You have a serious disease. If you continue drinking even after a month's reprieve  it will get worse. Please learn more about the disease you have. The great thing about alcoholism is that it goes into remission if we don't drink. But moderation at no point is possible. Sorry. ..I did notice that you use the third person pronoun "you" rather than "I". I'm presuming you are talking about yourself. 
You have the liver of a 65 year old man alcohol has cost you money relationships work troubles etc.... and you don't intend to swear off alcohol forever?   What's it going to take?  Death?..I'm sorry but it sounds like you're almost bragging about this thing. "Don't let that shit take control" isn't advice that's going to do an alcoholic any good.  An alcoholic is someone who is unable to drink without letting that shit take control. That's what alcoholic means. ..You've got a pretty big problem here and it doesn't sound like you fully comprehend the depths of this thing.  Stick around for a while &amp; do some reading.  I think you'll learn a lot.  
Thanks for posting your story. It sounds a lot like other stories here on /r/stopdrinking and you'll certainly find lots of advice here if you want it. I must admit I was surprised that you were offering not seeking advice. But that's great - we're all here to help one another...Why not stick around and grab a badge - even if your not fully convinced that abstinence is for you ... it's great to see those days add up.
&gt;It's less like a craving. It's like a hunger. But not like "I haven't eaten all day" hunger. More like a...Primal instinctive hunger. ..This is exactly how I would describe my cravings. They didn't used to be like this but along the way something changed the feeling of the craving. It's like nothing else I've ever experienced ... and I've done 2-day 36-hour races with little to no food and a couple hours of sleep. I smoked for 8 or 9 years and quit without using an entire box of patches like it was nothing...But this alcohol ... damn. Primal describes it perfectly.
As someone who read your entire story and can relate with pretty much all of it...After I became a Alcoholic (I did not realize how far in but knew that I was) is when the "Anxeity" problems started. I was diagnosed and everything with GAD.. .I quit drinking (rehab the whole 9 yards) and the anxiety left also. 
[deleted]
Dude what do you mean you don't plan on leaving the shit all together? I know sobriety is the solution for me and I've only been a full time alcoholic for 2 years. Come on you need to quit forever man and you know that 
I've got to chime in here.When I read a post like this it slaps me in the reality and reminds me of why I sat and listened. The first time I ever said "Will power?" LOL. Makes me proud of what I learned and sad for other that have so much to..A wise man listens. A fool runs about the mouth. 
Typically I mind my own business on this sub unless I'm cheering someone on because I only have 162 days of sobriety and there are many more qualified people than me in this sub.  However we have similar stories so allow me to share...I was a bartender for 20 years ten of which were in very busy bars in NYC where the bars don't close 'till 4am.  Like you I took shots with customers co-workers and by myself several times an hour.  People were amazed that I could drink as much as I could; truly amazed.  ..Oh and I was a fun drunk too.  Everyone was sure to have a good time when I was working.  And that 4am NYC closing time only applied to customers- we kicked everyone out and bartenders from all over town would come to my bar for "late night".  We drank until 8 or 9 am just about every night (unlike you I usually took one day off a week) and took a bump or a line if we were getting tired.  I was a terrific drunkor so I thought!   ..For years I knew my drinking was problematic but it was my lifestyle and I justified it in many ways including becoming educated about scotch ports cognacs...essentially developing a nose and taste for very expensive refined booze (I know an absolute fuck ton about wine which is now added to my list of useless information:) ..Years went by and this summer I found myself not being able to handle my daily allowance of booze (two bottles of wine- I know I turned into a lightweight with age).  I'd tapered off little by little over the years but last year my behavior was starting to get weird with blackouts outbursts drama...I'd never been like that in my younger years....I'd long ago grown accustomed to the physical problems and had more than one trip to the ER. but this was different.  I started transforming into an angry and paranoid drunk that was ready to argue at the drop of a hat without the ability to remember anything in the morning.  ..I made the decision to get sober 5 months ago and r/stopdrinking was my only support group.  Things were going great and smooth and I felt fairly certain that I was a lucky one that got off easy.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  ..A little over a week ago I started getting drinking signals and was really freaking out; very close to having a drink.  Called an old bartender friend with 7 years of sobriety and was told to get to an AA meeting ASAP.  Although I'd avoided AA like the plague (very private person) I've been going almost daily now and am just beginning to grasp the severity of my disease and how much work is ahead of me to begin the healing process.  Oh and my feelings about intimacy and privacy pale in comparison for what's awaiting me if I don't take care of this problem.  ..AA may not be for you but there are other programs out there such as SMART. R/stopdrinking has been a fantastic resource for me and I'll continue to use it everyday but it isn't enough- I need to be around former drunks like myself 'cause I get them and they get me.  ..Several of my bartender friends have died from the disease by the time they were 35.  Someone very special to me let's call him John died in his bathroom alone and wasn't found for three days.  We all knew it would happen one day but we thought he had another 15 years.  He wasn't even mid-thirties yet. What a waste.  ..So next time you're at work or are out for late night look around at the bartenders and bar-backs that are most likely going to be in the business for a long time. Then realize that the ones that don't die from an alcohol related illness are the ones that get sober. At least that's what I've experienced in my many years behind the stick. ..I wish you all the luck in the world and really hope you're going to be okay relying on your will power.  Unfortunately I've seen way too much in this lifetime and know what happens when people have yet to be humbled by the disease.  Best of luck to you and we're always here for you. ....
This is an incredible story thanks for sharing. I've experienced quite a few of the things you mentioned here.. Kinda made me feel uneasy to be honest. Keep up the great work for yourself and for others. Your success is a true inspiration.
I cant recall a time Ive been so terrified...Jesus man hang in there. The storms almost clearing.
I'm not trying to be a jerk but I think this post could definitely use a massive [TriggerWarning]. ..Your story all comes round in the end but a thread of people describing their cravings is pretty much the definition of a trigger warning. 
Your drinking situation sounds dangerous and miserable. I hope your recovery brings you some peace and well being. Welcome.
I had to quit bartending.  Your story is the same as mine and I highly suggest you quit all together. I tried controlled drinking many of times. We as alcoholics get right back into the thick of it and it's worse every time. I bartended 11 years...from what you described you cannot handle controlled drinking and will end up killing yourself. You might have 7 days I made in almost two months working in a bar sober...eventually it will just creep up on you...As a bartender you are the center of attention people "love" you and you make great money. It is not healthy for an alcoholic for obvious reasons...good luck. We are here for you...Edit: Grammar.
First of all welcome to the sub. Everyone here supports your choice not to drink and we want you to succeed...I wasn't sure I had anything to add to the conversation but a couple of things occurred to me. I use the "we" a few times but I certainly don't mean to speak for everyone. I'm generalizing based on the posts and comments I've read here...* Most people on this sub myself included tried to moderate for *years* before we acknowledged that we *cannot* drink at all. So I think some of the pushback you are getting is from people who have tried moderation and honestly think that it's a dark path to take one that leads you further from a healthy productive life. Are you different from everyone else on this sub who tried moderation and failed? Maybe. I hope so. But a huge part of recovery for most people is *accepting that they are not special*. When that realization finally hits it is honestly a relief for a lot of people...* In the same vein as accepting that we are not special admitting alcoholism and getting help requires letting go of a lot of ego. Society tells us alcoholism is embarrassing and shameful so we come here to share stories and help one another get through it. When a young'un so to speak comes into the sub and offers advice based on will power it sticks in my craw a little. I tried to use will power and failed over and over again. Again maybe you are different. Whatever method keeps you sober is a good method. But it pains me to see someone at four days saying that will power alone should be enough for others. Was I strong enough to stay sober using will power alone? No. I was not strong enough. If you are I am envious. If you are able to come back here in 30 60 100 days and say "I have remained sober through willpower alone" then we will be happy and proud and jealous. Until then I hesitate to endorse the idea of will power alone for those struggling with their alcholol intake. ..So kind of a rambly comment. Stay sober today friend. 
