-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t6oko/struggling_with_aa/

So 16 days in today and I'm feeling better than I have in a long time. I have been attending AA meetings frequently and reading the Big Book. I'm hitting a wall though... I love going to the meetings hearing other people's stories and knowing that I'm not alone in this struggle. However this whole higher power thing is becoming an issue. I've heard from many people in the program that just going to meetings alone isn't enough and I need to work the steps to make the program work for me...Step one oh yeah I can admit that I am powerless when it comes to alcohol. It consumes my life brings me down and ruins my relationships. ..I can't get past step one though I am not religious. I can accept spirituality I just don't know if I can ever accept that there is a higher power greater than me that can erase all my shortcomings. I don't believe in a higher power that is my personal savior. I'm not going to lie and say I found one so that I can work the steps I'd only be lying to myself. I'm not sure what to do. ..Is there anyone that has had similar issues and overcome them? 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm an atheist and I don't use AA.  I'm the one with the power in this struggle.  If I fail it's on me but if I succeed it's also on me.  I'll take full credit.  We'll see how it goes.  
If you are powerless with alcohol then at the very least alcohol is a higher power to you. Could there be anything else?..I grew up atheist and I still have trouble with the word "God" but I have found a mental/psychological/practical home in Buddhism &amp; Zen which I read a lot about. I find it helpful. There are a million ways to think about "higher power" many of which don't require you to believe in anything that might trouble you...I've seen some people recommend the SMART Recovery program. I tried that briefly and I can see it being helpful so you might try that...But one of the spiritual things about AA is just communing with people who understand where you're coming from. Meetings can themselves be a higher power if you put some faith in them...And in a way that's kinda the trick the "higher power" steps are trying to get you to play on yourself. To just stop trying to control everything. To practice letting go and accepting the world as it is...Here's another way to think about it: reality is a power higher than you. You can't shape reality to be what you want it's going to shape you whether you like it or not. I find if I just focus on reality as this stronger thing I'm embedded in and try to go with the flow more often than not I feel better. That then is perhaps a more Taoist take on things if you're into that...The [writings of Harry Tiebout](http://www.amazon.com/Harry-Tiebout-The-Collected-Writings/dp/1568383452) on surrender and acceptance have been helpful for me maybe they might be for you too if you're a science/theory-oriented person...TL;DR: try not to worry too much on "what the higher power is;" just practicing accepting life on life's terms can itself be accepting a higher power. And if it just won't work for you keep experimenting and see how other things work out for you...EDIT: just adding I'm in NYC and I have a friend who was doing AA in Georgia who had a lot more trouble. Different meetings in different places can emphasize certain takes on "higher power" so another option might be if you have choices of meetings to find one that is more flexible or at least a sponsor who is flexible. My friend moved to a more urban area in FL and has had much better feelings about AA since finding a meeting and fellowship that works better for her.
I'm an atheist and I use AA. Higher power to me has always been what is real. The truth rather than lies I tell myself or messages from advertising and other media I keep magical thinking out of my program. The first higher power I had to call on was within my own mind. I had to wrest my thinking out of addiction and into the real. I admitted that I was alcoholic and that I could do better than just let it take me down. I admitted that I had the strength to do what was necessary even though it frightened me and I had no clear idea what living sober would look like. I leapt into a void. A leap of faith. Don't get me wrong I'm still an atheist but there was a better way for me to live. When the question of higher power is under discussion I generally say something to the effect of acknowledging that the world is full of natural power greater than my own I don't have to subscribe to supernatural power to keep me humble.
To me 'higher power' means something different to everyone much like 'success' means something different to everyone.  And so I define 'higher power' as that thing you have a belief in which has more power than alcohol in your life.  I think /u/MisterDamek is right in saying that currently your higher power is alcohol.  For some people 'higher power' could be faith God or for others it could be faith in life or a person... it's something that helps you regain control of your life..
I'm spiritual and not religious.   I've been in AA for over a decade.  Make AA or the power of nature your higher power.  Lots of people do that.  The power and wisdom of the whole of AA trumps your individualism in regard to your addiction.  
Yeah.  Agnostic here.     .  My second step is that there is something going on in the rooms that is bigger than me.  That if I keep going to meetings I will stay sober and even grow in recovery.  It's been working so no need to fix it.         .Step 3 my having control over my life would be like me trying to fly the space shuttle. The more I let go the more likely I won't crash it.       .Step 6 character defects I got em need get rid of em.      .7 this one required sacrificing a goat at midnight...  ;-).        .11 still no clue to who what but getting closer to my dog is good for both of us.     ..I also had to become more tolerant of those who believe.  ..Pm if you so desire..
Hi I think there are great perspectives here on how the higher power doesn't have to translate into a monotheistic god. I just wanted to add that I think the importance of step-work is a sort of a separate issue. The steps help address the issues underlying alcoholism and the fallout of being an alcoholic. So while there is so much to be gained simply by attending meetings I think that many people view their personal program as very much involved in the steps.
For me any conception of a higher power didn't come until I had worked the steps.  All steps 2 and 3 need be are a decision to work the rest of the steps in hopes you'll feel better and the process will have a positive effect on your life...Remember the higher power described in the Big Book only is Bill Wilson's conception of his own personal God.  You can have a different conception and you don't have to have it now.  Go through the process the steps and see where you're at when you hit step 12... What does the "Spritual Experience" state at the end of the book?  It mentions an educational variety of growth rather then a bolt of bright light right?..So for now your higher power can simply be the good orderly direction suggested by steps 4-12.  Cause and effect.  Action and outcome.  That's science not sky wizard stuff.  Maybe your conception of your higher power will change as you progress in sobriety maybe not and maybe you'll be like me and it'll morph all over the place as the years go by.
[deleted]
Fuck that thing over there is heavy give me a hand lifting it will you.  That for me is a power greater than me.  I use the people in the rooms and AA as my higher power.  Don't worry about higher powers for now work on your first step. It took me over a year to get step one.  Good luck.
I am an agnostic and my sponsor is an atheist (12 years sober). The first step is more than powerlessness. You also have to lay out how you have no control over your life. ..For me the next step was admitting that since I have no power over my alcohol/life something else has. As long as I was willing to accept that whatever the higher power was; it was not ME; it helped me get started with the rest of the steps. That was the beginning. I now have a concept of HP that works for ME. My sponsor did not even want to hear it. He said "This concept you have: Will it help you do the steps?" I told him hell yes. He said "That is all you need". See we are not looking to write a book on spirituality. We are not trying to see how our concept of HP relates to what other people are saying or other religions are saying or your own religious upbringing told you. You will not be made to write a essay on it. All it is is a concept of HP (which is not YOU) that will help you do the steps. That's it man. Do not overthink this. The concept of spirituality is nothing but a recognition that we are not in control of the world as it relates to us something outside of us is. 
&gt; I've heard from many people in the program that just going to meetings alone isn't enough and I need to work the steps to make the program work for me...Yeah but you're only two weeks in. I was several *months* sober before I got a sponsor and I'm taking the steps very slowly. You absolutely shouldn't lie to yourself to go along with the program but you also shouldn't feel in a hurry to pick a Higher Power. "Fake it until you make it" applies here. It took me a while to figure out what my HP was and I'm still refining my relationship with my HP. (And it's a very personal HP which is why I'm being vague about my HP's nature.) ..Also what MisterDamek says about trying different meetings. Even in my relatively small city different meeting groups can have very different flavors; ditto for different meetings within the same club. 
I came. ..I came to. ..I came to believe. ..Breaking it down little by little helped for me. Just continuing to show up and be patient allowed me to see the good stuff happening in my life and soften up a little bit. 
I found that all I needed was an open-mind. If you can admit to the 1st step you can definitely admit that you don't have the solution to your problem right? That's as far as I needed to get to start working the steps with a similarly open-minded sponsor. Eventually I developed a relationship with an HP that works for me and am not religious today. You don't need an HP to get a sponsor and start the steps just the willingness to say "I don't know"
Umm yeah.  I was an atheist.  I still to this day would not admit to anyone I know that I pray.  And I don't know WHO or WHAT I pray to I just DO IT.  It's like meditation or a mantra.  It helps me to be centered.  It's not about religion at ALL.  ..But if you can admit that there MIGHT be something bigger than us out there... I think of the Universe.  NO WAY are we the only planet with life.  There are probably higher life forms out there.  Who am I to say that there ISN'T?   I am not all-knowing.  So I've gone from an atheist to an agnostic.  And I pray/meditate.  And this shit is working for ME...I've got to tell you just TRY it.  I prayed on some truly scary concerns I had early on and I got results.  I was taken care of in ways I could not help but think that I was being looked after.  ..And honestly what really truly matters is that we are centering ourselves reminding ourselves to try to be less selfish and to look for ways of helping others and to do what we can about our problems and then LET THEM GO.  Give them to "God" for lack of better word or simply just don't obsess over shit you cannot change anymore.  It makes you a miserable person and bores/annoys those around you when you complain about those things all the time.  I know my life used to be an ongoing bitchfest about the shit that wasn't perfect for me in my life.  What a negative wasteful bore it must have been to be in my presence back then.  Blah...Anyway I hope some of this makes sense or helps someone.
Take it from step 2 of the 12 and 12. AA can be your higher power afterall it is a group of people greater than you who has solved the drink problem. But look AA isn't about convincing you anything. They don't demand you come a certain amount of times or that you work the steps. It's all suggestions. 
Sir KG I am NOT a religious person--at all.  I am a lapsed Catholic who spent a good deal of time professionally bashing my former religion.  I waver on the existence of a universal creator--at best allowing that I don't know.  I sometimes cringe when I hear well-meaning people go on about their personal relationship with Jesus.  But seriously this all is MY problem not theirs.  My problem is alcoholism which as I say ad nauseum is a mental disorder involving obsessive thinking about drinking and compulsive often uncontrolled drinking that was utterly destroying me.  ..The Second Step merely asks me to recognize that the alcohol problem and mental disorder I acknowledge in Step 1 can not by my own efforts self will and thought be solved within myself--I need a power outside of my self.  When I get to the 3d Step I am invited to define that power outside of myself ANYWAY I choose to.  Some people choose "the group" most but certainly not all choose some definition or version of a creator that they call God.  It expressly UP TO YOU.  Bill Wilson describes precisely this in "Bill's Story" when his friend comes to visit him.  Choose a power/God of your own conception.  I might even go so far as to say that a good half step in the right direction is to say to yourself:  I don't know if there is a God or not but I for sure am not God.  ..This simple acknowledgement that I am not at the center of the universe--and therefore not responsible for all cause in effect even within the small compass of my world was an admission that was more than sufficient to trigger in me a "white light experience" that is a classic spiritual experience.  When this occurred and I hope it happens for all of us too--I knew that I had found a path to a new way of life that daily leads me in the direction of freedom happiness and sometimes genuine joy.  
Have you considered reading the Alan Carr "Easy way to control drinking" book?  ..Reading it may help you reprogram your brain.  Can't hurt.  Now with 99.99% less God. 
I went through this a lot. I do not go to AA right now mostly because it just plain felt like church. ..But I am over 60 days in and feeling great. I do still get urges. ..Also I do not think I am done forever. But I know for a fact I am done for now.
Religion is for people that want to stay out of hell.Spirituality is for people who have already been there..We have all been there your not alone
I struggled with step 1 -3 and the whole idea of a HP. In hindsight I see that was my alcoholism messing with me and making things unnecessarily complicated...After one drink I am powerless over alcohol.  What I can do though is not take that first drink.
