-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t9yzo/beginning_my_journey_to_sobriety_cant_be/

I quit drinking (for the hundredth or so time) November 24 2013. I've relapsed since then and have been sober for five days. In the last few weeks I've discovered that getting sober is going to be a long journey or learning and self-discovery / self improvement...I now realize I know nothing about quitting drinking. All my life I've been Miss Know It All. Now I need to be Miss Shut Up and Listen. The natural me want to read every book go to every AA meeting ram through the steps and voila I'm sober and happy. It doesn't work that way. It's a clich  but an ex-drinker truly does need to live one day at a time. Otherwise you set yourself up for failure. For me will power alone is not going work. I laugh now at the book I bought a few years ago  How To Control Your Drinking.  Can you imagine my naivet ?! ..Saturday is my IRL birthday. All I want is to stay sober for that one day. Just one birthday in 20 years without a hangover...Sorry there was no real point to my post. Hi Sobernauts. You are all amazing. Stay strong we're in this together!!
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. One day at a time!
i like you Mama. glad you're here. 
As a fellow know-it-all I can relate. Let it go listen and healing will happen. 
Miss Teachable Miss Learning. We could all aspire to that.
I won't drink today maybe I will drink tomorrow but today I will not.  We will see!  Good luck to you.  .. Do not judge me by my successes judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.    Nelson Mandela
There is a point to every post it shares our experiences our struggles our success and in many cases our failures. It is a unique journey for each of us but there are enough similarities that it makes no sense to take the entire journey alone. We support encourage and inspire each other. Thanks for sharing and Have a Great Birthday!
If you want it you can have it.  Go to AA.  It's the best place to start.  Think about it.  Every. single. person. there.  Has been exactly where you are...Ask for help.  It's as simple as that.
Congrats on your fresh start!  .
[deleted]
Great point on willpower I see so many here putting themselves into trigger situations relying on willpower to get them through. I like to think of willpower like rechargeable batteries it may get me through an unanticipated situation here and there but I can't let that be my sole method of being sober because one day that juice will run out.  I had a very similar mindset in the "know it all" category. I finally recognized I should just shut up and listen to people who know more than I do and maybe I'd learn something. Good luck to you!
Happy birthday! ..Really focusing on just I am not going to drink today is what has worked for me.
You have a great attitude. You can do it! Good luck.
Yes. Once I realized that I might not know what the hell I was doing that's when things really clicked.  Also realized I can't necessarily trust my own mind all the time. Good job.
Thanks everyone..Thank you. I had a tough morning (car battery dead broken ornament argument with husband headache [why the hell do I have a headache if I'm not hungover? ). Now I'm work it's 9:10 a.m. and everyone talking about drinking... I'm so bitchy today but I'm going to harness this anger to make me stronger. I have ZERO desire to drink today. The thought of it makes me sick. 
Just want to quickly share. My office Christmas party was last night. Co-workers got drunk and everyone was talking about them (laughing at them) this morning. This has been me many many times. So glad this will never happen again.
Hey Mama I've posted something like this before but it has really helped me this month: ..I wanted to share something that my therapist told me that helps whenever I am feeling overwhelmed by the choice to be sober. She said "stop future tripping." A user's brain is used to being bathed in chemicals and it misses those chemicals and wants them back (even if you aren't having physical cravings). If you are like me you get those overwhelming fears of the future and feelings of depression at times when in the past you would have been drinking. Those fears are your brain's way of trying to get you to drink again. Her advice when you get that feeling is to gently steer your thoughts back to today and to your positive decision to be sober today (not your negative decision to not drink)...My brain is not always my friend and sometimes I need to remind it that the thing that it wants is no longer compatible with my lifestyle. Over time the cravings diminish. In my first week or so of being sober all I could think about was being sober. Now I find that I'm walking down the street and suddenly I remember I'm sober and I think "huh oh yeah." It no longer runs my life...Enjoy being sober today and have a happy birthday! 
