-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tbjut/definitely_have_a_problem_relapsed/

Just a braindump here. Feel free to read or ignore...I decided to stop drinking last summer and it was going pretty well - I was eating healthily and exercising as well. My depression eased (sort of the bad feelings went away but I still always chose to stay at home being lazy rather than socializing or doing anything). In fact I felt so good you could have thought I was manic...Then one day I somehow convinced my boyfriend into buying me alcohol (I was too lazy to get it myself) - I never realized how manipulative I am capable of being when I really want something. I wasn't even aware that I wanted it. I feel like a bad person I keep bailing on people to stay home and do nothing. And when I don't bail and socialize I can't enjoy myself...Since then for the past 3 weeks I've pretty much been drinking regularly. Maybe I'll stop for a few days then buy myself another bottle. I drink slowly and savor it. I don't go out of control but enjoy the feel. I know this is bad but everything is just so much more enjoyable when tipsy. I'm going to stop but I just wanted to write this out.  ..I definitely have an addictive personality. I don't even think I'm physically addicted to alcohol just mentally. I'm like this with a lot of things. But alcohol is the most harmful probably. So I need to stop. I'm really harming myself and I've never wanted anything more than being healthy and happy.
----------immediate responses--------

It seems to me like that depression is going to need to be addressed first.    Otherwise it will keep driving you to doing self-destructive things.  What is your depression plan? 
Welcome back! Are you ready to quit for good thus time around or are you still thinking you can moderate your intake? 
At the end of my drinking alcoholism wasn't about how much or when or where or what type of alcohol I was drinking; instead it was about my obsessive thinking.  Even when I wasn't drinking I was thinking about drinking and when I drank I drank dangerously and uncontrolled. My drinking and my thinking got me into trouble and often and inexplicably landed me in situations and places I would not wish on my worse enemy.  Alcohol and my obsession with alcohol destroyed my professional standing my relationships my reputation my self respect and ultimately my freedom.  Good luck in figuring out what you need to figure out about your relationship with it.
I know exactly what you mean about having an addictive personality. Until last week I was high on sobriety thinking I had solved all my life's problems by not drinking until something made me realize that I still binge eat (violently to the point of sickness) spend money compulsively and my relationship with my SO is a codependent mess. I sank pretty low when I realized "I don't think my problem starts and ends with alcohol- my problem is ME." I'm filled with an icky painful nothingness and my life has revolved around trying to fill that void ever since I was old enough to realize it was there. However like you stated I know alcohol is the most dangerous thing I've abused and I'm committed to staying away from it. I'm going to complete my substance abuse counseling and then try to find therapy for my compulsive/obsessive/codependent/whatever else problem. Oh and I'll stick with AA. Good luck. I know it's shitty to feel this way but I think ultimately it's for the best. Accepting a problem is the first step isn't it? 
