-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tbt8k/got_drunk_the_last_three_nights_blacked_out/

I've started this post four times now but I still really don't know what to say.  I've struggled with drinking in the past and things have gotten out of control again.  Every day at work all I can think about is having a drink as soon as I get home.  When I wake up hungover the next day I always tell myself "never again."  What started as once or twice a week has become an everyday thing.  ..I've been in this situation before.  Last time things were this bad I woke up in a hospital bed after downing half a handle of vodka.  I don't want a repeat of that.  Neither my health nor my wallet can take another hit like that.  Not to mention giving all my friends and family a heart attack...I genuinely want a change in my life but I don't know where to start.  Whatever support this sub can give would be appreciated...Edit: Thanks for all the support guys.  I woke up feeling motivated and you've kept me going throughout the day.  I really can't thank you enough.  
----------immediate responses--------

You have already started - you've recognised you have a problem and are willing to look for help with it. Most people can stop drinking for a day so set that as your goal for today. If you feel like you need a drink post again. Also while you are at it google all the alcohol related helplines in your area - there'll be a Local AA helpline - maybe even a website with a listing of times and addresses of local meetings - maybe an outpatient clinic at your local hospital or maybe some church outreach centre it that's your bag...Good luck - you've taken the first and hardest step already all you need to do now is get a map to give you direction and just keep on walking away from the booze.
Yeah social drinking never really leads to blackouts; or when it does the poor unfortunate drinker is usually so put off the stuff that it doesn't recur.  In my case I was often a blackout drinker.  I couldn't remember where I parked my car how I got from one place to another what I said to who; and since at the end of my drinking I lied so much--this not being able to remember what I said and to who was a real concern.  ..I changed my life totally by stopping drinking + recovery in my case AA meetings.  ..Good luck to you and thanks for sharing.  
You could start in a Doctor's office. Sometimes detox is dangerous. There is medical protocol to help you stay safe and comfortable. Outside of that there is stop drinking. Yea stop today. Look around for support because we do not have to do this alone. If you read through current and past posts on this site you will see all kinds of success and all different ways of maintaining it. Welcome. You can do this.
Well you're in the right place:)..How old are you?..Have you tried AA?
[deleted]
I am right here with you. I got black out drunk every night (and day) for the past two weeks. I called out of work at least three times. I have embarrassed myself in front of my family. My niece watched me pound booze out of the bottle. My dog has literally been crying at me for the past few days because she is so upset with me...I never used to drink during the day. For years I "controlled" it - first jut the weekends then some weeknights then just nights. Now days? That is so fucking insane. I think it's important for us to remember that it will ALWAYS get out of control again...So stop! Talk to your doctor about your physical needs and stop drinking. Seek out whatever help you need. I'm no expert in that subject based on my thousands of times I've resolved to stop but I joined this community and this is a first step.
Go to AA.  You cannot do this alone.
we have all been where you are friend and you are doing the right thing by reaching out and deciding you need to make a change. that is probably the hardest part. you don't have to do this alone. i strongly suggest going to an AA meeting--even if the idea scares you like it very much scared me--and sharing what you did on this sub with the group. i guarantee you will receive an outpour of support from people who have been where you are or worse and can help you make it through. also agree that you should visit a doctor for medical advice on detoxing. ..good luck. this sub is here for you. you can do it. 
I cant offer much since I'm still a noob. but if it makes you feel better I've made at LEAST 3 different accounts here in the past all saying how I wanted to stop drinking. I never did...but now I'm looking at 9 days sober and I can't believe it. ..You can do it too. and soon you'll get addicted to having hangover-free mornings nights you can REMEMBER all the good stuff...but yeah it's hard as balls and the cravings have yet to go away for me. I doubt they ever will go away
Welp. The holidays got me and your post is my post. I flew my daughter out for a visit and I've wasted almost the entire week doing nothing...This is a good sub. Stick around. And hey... One day at a time. :)
BOD here: once the black outs started with me... I was in jail in a year.  You have got to understand this is not the romantic Leaving Las Vegas way to go out... this is every single organ in your body saturated after trying for fuck knows how long to protect your brain have now all reached maximum toxicity and your think meat is getting full on fucked.... the last bastion of protection is the blackout (it is your brain literally shutting you the fuck down because it can't understand why you are killing it)...Totally not preaching... just don't kid yourself if you're blacking out... you're on a bad path... try to at least get an appointment to talk to a counselor... maybe they can help?  if you're ready... peace.
Hug! You'll be okay
Being scared is good in this case. I couldn't quit until I got genuinely frightened of what my future was going to be like if I kept drinking.
The next step is incredibly simple yet it's the one that will get you if you're not careful. Don't drink. Not one or two or ten. That is the only part that matters and the rest of what you do is in support of that. Do what you have to do. If you fail do something different. If you're like most people rehab or AA will help. Some people like to think in terms of one day at a time but I found it most useful to think of it as readjusting for the rest of my life. An alcoholic cannot drink normally and moderation doesn't get easier with time or practice. Good luck. Keep learning.
Good on you for realizing that its become a problem for you I'm only a little ways into my recovery but I can say with certainty that it does get easier (im still hoping that it gets easier still but I guess ill find out) the only advice I can give is to focus on the reasons that you want to give it up your health and finances are a really good start...Also if you can try to avoid your triggers this doesnt mean cutting out your friends but you may find that you end up spending a little less time with some people you see quite regularly at the moment simply because one of the only real things you had in common was drinking...Good luck I hope it works out for you :)
