-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tbyn4/how_do_i_get_sober/

I'm becoming an alcoholic...  I'm 24 years old and I drink about every night now by myself. This has been going on for a least a year now. I usually down anywhere between 6-12 beers but lately its been a lot more than that. I know it's bad and I'm definitely on track to ruining my life if I keep this up.  I want to quit but I'm really struggling to follow through with it. What do I do?  Every time I tell me self I wont drink I end up drinking anyway. ...
----------immediate responses--------

You dump out/throw out/give away all the booze in your home.  You don't pick up the first drink.  You go to AA meetings.  You don't pick up the first drink.  You get the literature and read it.  You don't pick up the first drink.  You get a sponsor.  You don't pick up the first drink.  You work the steps.  You don't pick up the first drink.  You recover.  You don't pick up the first drink...That's the path I took..
[deleted]
You've taken the first step recognizing it and admitting it to yourself...I tried everything to stop- doctors psychologists psychiatrists herbal remedies self help books... I could go on and on...AA has worked the best for me because:..1) it gives me somewhere to go. I can plan my day around meetings where I would most often drink instead...2) there are other people there who understand. Nobody understood me or my drinking or they'd look down on me. Not so in AA...3) you have people to reach out to and ask for help when you need it. Took some practice for me but it really helps...4) it gives you a chance to help other people out. Real biggy for me was discovering I could be helpful and useful again. So much so that I've come to discover that the spirit of compassion honesty and honour the noble human "virtues" if you would is my Higher Power which has helped me fight my fight...While I'll be the first to admit my recovery is far from "perfect" I've slipped a few times and haven't maintained an unbroken chain of sober days I will say that I've lived far more sober than drunk these past 6 months. I've discovered ways to be kinder to myself to nurture a new dignity...So I'd say check out a couple meetings in your area. Don't be discouraged if you don't like one - check out a few different meetings because the format can be different and some just click better with me than others. If you feel up to it talk to some people and tell them what you're going through...Best thing I did was get a sponsor. And believe it or not despite the fact my sponsor has been in car wrecks dui's in jail attacked a judge in court - I find if I do what he asks me to do I get and feel better...I drank every night by myself too. Started around your age and I wish I had caught it earlier like you are now...All the best and focus on living the best you can for only one day at a time!
The question I asked when I wanted to stop was why am I living like this? ..I knew someone who had struggled with the same thing he helped me out a great deal in the beginning and connected me with a community of people with similar experiences. I'm putting it this way because there are many forms that community can take but the paramount thing when I first wanted to change my life was to have someone to call or spend time with when things started to get a little well hairy (which was often.)
I'm also 24 years old and have come to the realization I need to stop. For me drinking is like a black hole. If I don't take that first sip I'm fine. Once I have one I want another and another. Stay strong I've found a lot of encouraging words on this subreddit. 
[deleted]
It only gets worse. The alcohol is physically rewiring the reward pathways in your brain. The hangovers get worse the obsession gets worse and quitting gets harder.  I'm 35 now and I *wish* I would've stopped at 24. ..I realize it's much more difficult in your 20's but there are plenty of people around you that are your age and don't drink...I just look back and think about all the times I could've gotten laid with *hot* girls if I hadn't been wasted and retarded and shake my head.
Don't go down that road my friend. I did exactly what you are doing right now for years. It destroyed big part of my life (lost love of my life because of that).. .My first step was to come here read lots of posts and comments (AA is not a common thing in my country) and post my first one. People here helped me a lot; just knowing that there are so many of them with the same problem and so many of them who are offering their help.. .I returned to my old habits: books movies trainings... Everything I couldn't do when I was drunk. That keeps my mind away from booze. Friends as well. I hope you have great people in your life you can rely to. Last night a good friend of mine stopped me from drinking (she doesn't even know that). I spend hours talking to her and my mind was occupied with that. After our conversation I had another training to the point when I was so exhausted and all I could think of was sleeping.. .Make a plan for every evening on daily basis. Instead of sitting down and opening another beer go for a walk. Call a friend or some girl you like and ask them to go with you on a coffee. Go for a ride to the new part of the town and observe buildings. Get new book. Start do learn about something you were not interested before (for me when I started digging into WW2 that opened tons of new books movies and documentaries for me to read or watch)... Just keep your mind occupied. I am sure there are a lot of things that interest you. Try them out it will be rewarding.. .I can already see some improvements in my physical (trainings) and mental state (my mind is clearer I finally got to the point where I can be in conversation without that embarrassing searching for words because my all-the-time drunk brain can't find them). Small steps and improvements will make you happy knowing you are getting and feeling better without alcohol. You will have more things to talk about. People (girls) will find you more interesting. All that will keep you going on in right direction.. .First step is always the hardest. And you made it. Now throw all the alcohol you have around and find something to do. Just don't sit down and think about it. If you do that sooner or later you will give up and return to the "old you".. .Wish you all the best.
it sounds mean...But accept that you are not normal. You can't drink like a normal person. You most likely cannot or will not moderate your intake...Your only course is to cut the stuff out of your life forever and accept the fact that you will have terrible cravings that you cannt must not give in to...but what do I know it's just my own limited experience. good luck dude
[deleted]
You will have to believe that what you are gaining in sobriety is more valuable than what you are losing in giving up alcohol...For me this was not an easy trade and I figured I should be able to have both. That is the obsession of every alcoholic- that one day we will be able to drink like 'gentlemen' ..It is going to require a change in how you view a lot of things in your life. Not just booze. I found that I had to re-think the entire social structure of my life. I had to accept a wholesale swap of whole portions of my life. A lot of people don't want to do that and that's why we try every other alternative. We try moderation and exercise. We take breaks altogether but at some point unless we quit we return to our old ways...For me I had to get really desperate. I had to lose a bunch of things that were important to me. But I am really happy now. It is a great trade I hope you make it.
Don't drink today. Look for Young Peoples' AA meetings in your area. Don't drink and go to a meeting. It doesn't matter if it takes a bit of effort to do so in fact you will be exerting a great deal of effort to pry your self out of addiction. It's worth it. You will find a strength in yourself that you never knew was there. Welcome to recovery. 
[deleted]
The only way I was able to stop drinking was to get on Anabuse. Now I can't drink or I will get deathly ill.
Unfortunately unless you really want to quit you won't. Take a trip. Get out of town away from the same faces and take some time to just get through the first few days. Then look for AA meetings a create a regiment. Best of luck.
That's how I used to drink. I would go home often tired not wanting to do anything feeling all this pressure of all the things I'm supposed to do every day and feeling like "the parents are away I get to play I'm gonna get myself a beer" which was quickly a six-pack or more and once I had one anyway it didn't matter...The path I'm on now is AA and its 12-steps. I started it a year ago and I haven't been perfect. Don't worry about perfection or quitting right now just don't drink today and try out a meeting. I say "try out" because you might be "trying out" meetings for months I sure was. Take it easy. Relax. Be kind to yourself. Pay attention to how you feel when you drink and when you don't. Let that help motivate you. And the phrase I _absolutely_ *hate* the most :) -- take it a day at a time.
All I had to do was make a decision to go to an AA meeting. The rest happened there. ..Try to get through today friend. 1 day. If it feels good do it again tomorrow. 
[deleted]
I'm only 26 and still struggling but I've got 16 days under my belt and I am ever so slowly getting back to my life...It WILL get worse if you continue. You reach rock bottom when you put down the shovel. My sponsor always says "There is all the pain out there for you you decide when youve had enough."..Believe me it WILL get worse. From 24-present has been the worst years of my life ruined almost entirely because of alcohol. Good luck.
23 year old alcoholic here. I've recognized that I'm an alcoholic and have been for over a year..What I can tell you is that when you stop drinking it's only really difficult the first few days..When you get better you might think you can drink again. Moderately. 2 beers aint much especially with friends. Within the week you'll be getting 6 packs alone again. You'll be back to exactly where you started within the 2nd week...You gotta climb out of it and if you fall you fall quick. I can go sober for 3 weeks so ok I want to drink a little and then I'm binging every day with 2 weeks. I'm on day 3 sober again...Some things that might help. Replace the beer and stuff with other drinks. Coffee soda water juice. That helps me a bit. Also find a hobby. I found it a lot easier to read and play guitar sober than drunk so those things are more rewarding sober.
