-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tgzj4/xmas_gone_in_a_flash/

X-mas has always been a challenge for my wife and me.  We are presented around Thanksgiving with a list of obligations handed to us by various family members.  Both sides have their expectations but my wife's family is much larger and has more subgroups.  I have as a general rule approached it with great moderation.  Who has time for booz between all the stops all the miles between?..As the years go by resentment over all these obligations grow.  Not between my wife and me so much as between us and the family who expect so much out of us.  We  keep stuffing the house with bits of holiday decorations bake cookies etc. all in an attempt to reclaim the holiday.  At least we had time together between all the obligations...This year the resentment over all the family obligations is compounded by the fact that I ruined Thanksgiving.  My wife can't turn her thoughts away from my next slip-up my next relapse.  No amount good will seems to reassure her.  Trust is at an all-time low...How do we rebuild trust in people around us?  How do we convince friends and family that this time it is going to be different?..
----------immediate responses--------

By staying away from the drink one day at a time. By getting clean for yourself. Screw anyone else. THERE IS A SOLUTION to the drink problem. Also just reading what you said about expectations when I got sober i expected more out of myself. I raised the bar. If your family loves you they would do the same thing. Hang in there!
As sad as it is we can't. We can't convince people that it's different this time we can only show them. Trust has to be rebuild and earned and that takes time. Take it one day at a time and trust will come back.
This might be a good time to simplify your holiday plans. The aggravation is not something you need right now. Maybe your wife will get it maybe not. Take care of your sobriety she will thank you in the end.
I was the KING of provoking fights at the holidays to avoid these obligations: F#ck all these people I'll just sit here and drink!--that was my attitude.  I was so good at this little maneuver that I was able to manipulate the argument/fight that I provoked in such a way as to make it look like I was the victim.  I was a head case; even today some 4+ years out I have to be vigilant against resentment and the old reflexive reactions that were just so corrosive.  Today I am profoundly grateful to my family and excited to spend time with them.  ..I want to make it abundantly clear: my bad feelings at the holidays emanated deep within myself.  While the holidays are stressful for everyone I had to learn new ways of coping and being fully present with my family.  After all that was all that anyone wanted of me.  Do the next kind thing.  ..Sandwiching AA meetings in helped tremendously in depressurizing these events.  Good luck to you.
&gt;How do we rebuild trust in people around us? How do we convince friends and family that this time it is going to be different?..Slowly by showing them and that's what sucks about it. This will take time but do not despair. You will show yourself in a better light both to her and to yourself and it will get better a day at a time.
