-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tjkra/being_honest_i_failed_on_my_12th_day/

It happened the relapse. And OF COURSE it happened when I was fooled by myself that I could drink in moderation...In retrospect I didn't drink a huge volume of liqour (by my standards)- about 375ml of vodka...but boy oh boy did my body pay me back this morning- I'll spare you the details but my body let me know it was unhappy (glad I have the day off)...blugh. just had a long workout to clear the toxins a bit from my system. of course I'm disappointed. I need to figure out why I lapsed and how to avoid it...the saddest part was that I can remember my whole night--and the addition of booze didn't even make it that much fun even though I was at my "happy tipsy point". All my hard work getting this 12 day badge gone. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; All my hard work getting this 12 day badge gone. ..Not really. You proved to yourself that you can do itat least for twelve days in a row...&gt; And OF COURSE it happened when I was fooled by myself that I could drink in moderation...You are aware of how you fool yourself. Look at it this way: maybe you *can* drink in moderation. It's not very likely (I can't for instance) but it is not totally unheard of. See if you can do another dry stint. Promise yourself "X day without booze and then I'll reconsider". Then after X days reconsider. Continue dry or go wet? The choice is yours.
I've relapsed a few times since committing to recovery. I had the same experience that when I drank I didn't even feel good anymore. ..So what did I do? I just drank more and more until I blacked out and didn't even feel how not good I felt. Did this for 3 days then of course I had withdrawls and anxiety and hallucinations for days. It was hell. Next time I do it I may die. ..It was good to have that experience and finally realize that now there truly is no reason to drink anymore. 
After I drank myself across a certain line into alcoholism; it no longer mattered how much I drank.  Any drink in relapse was a decision to throw the on-off switch on.  The last time I chose to drink; I spent 7 years in relapse with the result that I trashed nearly everything that mattered in my life and ending up in federal prison.  My alcoholism is a mental disorder and I choose today not to suffer any more today.  One day at a time I am free of alcoholism if 1. I don't pick up the next drink; and 2. recover...Good luck and congratulations on being able to get right back.
[deleted]
Give sobriety at least 90 days. 90 day rehabs have more success than 30 day rehabs. 12 days isn't a fair shot. Try adding support group meetings into the mix or find a substance abuse councilor. Do more this time. Welcome back.
Get your soul in the game! This is day 1.
Been there done that. Read my posts. No matter how many times just keep at it. 
FYI: the only way you're body is designed to get rid of toxins is with your liver and kidneys...they're already under a great deal of stress after a night of drinking...piling a workout in on top if that is not going to make them work any better (you can't force your kidneys or liver to process faster) and may make matters worse if you dehydrate (as sweat is just liquid leaving your body for the purposes of cooling not cleansing)...So be careful when working out after a bender...you could do more harm than good...Glad your night wasn't worse...welcome back on the wagon!.
