-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tkavv/just_hit_90_days_and_had_a_real_tough_moment_a/

This past Saturday I reached the Ninety Days Sober milestone. I'm very proud of this and am not in any danger of a relapse. ..Being that it's Christmas some old friends of mine came back to town. I have not seen these people that I love since the end of summer when I was still drinking. I was very much looking forward to telling them that I had been clean and straight for 90 days. I wanted to see the looks on their faces. ..And boy was it worth it. They were so happy for me and it just felt so great to see them and be sober for it and everything. I was having a wonderful night. ..One of these friends is a girl. We're 25 and have known each other since we were 14 but we weren't really good friends until after we graduated high school. We have exactly zero sexual history or chemistry. We never had any drunken mistakes or make-out sessions or anything. It's one of the few relationships I have with a woman that is completely and totally platonic and always has been and I'm totally okay with that. She's like a sister to me. ..So she turns to me at one point during the evening and tells me how proud she is of me for quitting drinking. I thank her. And it's funny the reactions you get when you tell people. The people that love you see your decision to Get Sober as something congratulatory. Like you just got promoted...She tells me she's proud and I say thanks and then she says  Because honestly  ..And I think  here we go.  I'm ready for her to say something like  Because honestly I think it was becoming a problem in your life.  I want her to say that or something like it so that I can agree with her and then kind of take my sobriety out of my pocket where I always keep it and put it in my hands and hold it out to her fingers all splayed and say  See it? Look at what I made! Look at what I have now!  ..I say thanks and she says  Because honestly   and she begins to tell this story of how one time *years* ago I threw a party at the house that I lived in at the time and she happened to be in town and so I invited her. ..*(Note: I do not remember any of this. I threw a lot of parties at that place but I don't remember her ever being there for one of them. This is one of those stories and you all know the ones I'm talking about.)*..The way she tells it and I believe every fucking word is that I was drunk when she got there. (Duh.) I kept drinking and drinking and people started leaving because it was so late and I was still drinking and that towards the end (which means probably before I passed out) I was making her feel and I quote  really really uncomfortable. ..It is at this point that I understand where this story is going and I'm not surprised. And I will tell you that the speed and the strength that the Bad Feelings hit me with in that moment was paradoxically calmly frightening. I recognized them immediately. It was that old guilt and shame that were constantly with me when I was drinking. It was like a tidal wave. It was breathtaking. ..I wanted very badly to ask for details but I didn't and she didn't offer any but I couldn't resist and tried a stab at it:  Was I being ridiculous?   Very  she said. That was enough for me. Details would only make it worse. And then she said that after that night she told our other friends that she would no longer hang out with me alone that she would always have someone else around. I don't blame her at all but hearing her say that just fucking crushed me. ..To scare someone you love so badly that they don't feel safe around you...And while the guilt and the shame were happily back I knew that their stay was only temporary. I wanted to drink then very badly because it would make me forget. It would be the easiest thing in the world to do and no one would have to know but me. I could. ..It was a good thing for me to hear though. It hurt but I think it was important that I hear it from her mouth. And while I wanted to drink hearing that story really killed any last question I had of getting sober being a mistake. If drinking alcohol turns me into that kind of a monster I simply cannot drink ever again. I now know for sure that sobriety is the right thing for me. It's been 90+ days but I think I'm finally finally okay with it. ..I do not kid myself with moderation. Having a single alcoholic drink is absurd. I've tried to wrap my head around and I cannot begin to see what the point is of drinking one beer. Or two. The only way for me to bar the door against alcohol is total and complete abstinence. ..I feel shitty right now but the one way I can insure that I will feel worse is to drink about it. So instead I'm going to drink my tonic water and eat this whole goddamn box of cookies. And it's gonna be okay as long as I don't drink. .
----------immediate responses--------

Jesus. This turned out longer than I thought. I tried to break it up with paragraphs but it's still a damn essay. Sorry folks. 
Enjoyed the story of your tough moment. Thanks. 
You know what? I've had the same experience only with numerous people. I think this is the sort of scenario where you really have to take stock of your progress and realize that you aren't that person anymore. Don't pretend that they didn't exist because knowing that they did keeps you vigilant. But take pride in the fact that you killed that monster inside of you...You may never repair your image to this person just like I'll never be the same in the eyes of these people that I've just mentioned. That being said you have the self-awareness now to never let anyone else see that beast. Reading your message actually triggered some memories for me and I'm grateful because every time that happens my commitment to sobriety is refreshed...Look nobody is perfect and it sounds like you're aware of that. You're in a subreddit right now full of people that know that pain all too well. I heard someone in a meeting today say how lucky they felt to have this disease instead of any other disease because what other condition can you have where there is a worldwide network of support available at any given time?..You're facing your demons head on. That is the hardest thing anyone can ever do - and you're taking it in stride. No one can ever take that from you.
This was great.. I know them feels. Thanks for sharing.
I hate these moments..I really feel for you mate. There is nothing worse then that feeling that someone thinks you are a certain way when it is completely against your nature. .All because of booze.
You eat those cookies and you damn well enjoy them while you're at it. Merry sober Xmas!
That story helped me and I could identify with it a lot...Thank you.
