-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tmh47/todays_sober_moment_of_bliss_brought_to_you_by/

Usually showering for me is a rare unpleasant occurrence. I'll shower once or twice a week when I start to smell so bad even I wrinkle my nose(disgusting I know). It feels like a chore - peeling off my clothes always hungover and struggling to shampoo my hair what with the nausea and fatigue. The worst part is having to face my reflection in the bathroom mirror. Splotchy skin. Bloated belly. Pale...This morning I took a shower in preparation for mass and it was like a waterfall of awesomness. Pretty sure that shower head was streaming out unicorn tears and angel mist. For once I wasn't trying to "get it over with." I loved the hot water the feeling of clean how silky my hair feels with a good shampoo and conditioning. I ENJOYED it. I even washed my face. With a washcloth. Like a real person...Can't wait to enjoy more of life's little moments with sober clarity. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome...I take a shower everyday but always just to get it over with... :P Finally someone else who knows the feeling. But that's awesome it was actually enjoyable. Things are much clearer in sobriety...It's really weird. And scary. And awesome. Congrats on 3 days :)
Now you can start collecting special smelling soap and if you really pay attention it's bliss.
You think enjoying hot showers is great?  Wait til you start having normal poops!  Now that is living!  ;).Congrats on 3 days.  More of life's small treats lay ahead.
Happy for you! Remember to look at yourself in the mirror. Not just at your hair or spots on your face but YOU. It's so hard at first but it's part of accepting yourself! You deserve it.
Wow that's a wonderful story. Gonna relish my morning shower tomorrow all the more now :)
I can relate to this! This morning I noticed some small scratches on my left hand. I have no idea how they got there but I do know that it didn't happen while I was in a drunken stupor falling down and crashing in to things and that realization made me so happy!
I can relate. The other day I decided that I needed a pampering day because my feet and toenails looked like something on a creature from The Dark Crystal. Got me some sparkling grape juice and spent money I would have on wine on eeeeeeeexcellent foot treatments and nail polishes from Sally Beauty Supply. :D ..Ain't being clean grand? &lt;3
When I was drinking I had a very hard time showering because if I closed my eyes I could not keep my balance at all. I would have to brace myself or open my eyes every few seconds. If I didn't I would almost fall over. This was even when not drunk. It completely screwed over my balance.
Ah yes! The (sometimes) magical shower - .."On Monday they thought I was stable enough to get cleaned up so they made me go down to the basement of Hope to take a shower shave &amp; clean up while someone washed my clothes - they were sick of smelling me...When I came back upstairs the guys in the kitchen reacted almost in shock on seeing me. Bud asked with some amazement "How old ARE you?!" I answered "26 why?" and he broke out laughing the others just more or less shook their heads wryly. Bud said "We all thought you were at least 60!""..http://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/z58l0/over_the_years_it_has_become_more_important_to_me/.
"Unicorn tears and angel mist". Fantastic! Keep up the good work
That's wonderful. Your skin will clear up and you will probably lose weight too.
Enjoy the big things in life.
[deleted]
I had a revelation while standing in the shower--no not that one.  ..When I was newly sober and still pretty anxious it suddenly dawned on me that my head was into the hassle of speeding to work and hassling with other cranky drivers.  My head was occupied with the third or fourth angry or frustrating phone call I had to return or avoid.  I was standing in the shower miserable and my day hadn't even begun.  At that moment it dawned on me--I'm in the shower the water in the head of the shower hasn't hit me yet.  Nothing bad had happened nothing catastrophic had occurred but I wasn't even savoring this very moment.  Just like you /u/mollsabell I realized the total awesomeness of being in my own skin.  This is a profound insight not just about a shower but about our entire existence...In sobriety we have been given the grace to slow down our bodies and our minds and live within our own being each moment.  This is the freedom which leads to real joy and happiness.  
Ahh this is awesome!! It's true what they say about the poops by the way ;)
Thank you very much for this post.  'Drunk me' very much shared your sentiment on showering; it seemed like SUCH a chore!  And I usually only did it because I had to on account of the fact that I had to venture out of my house and be around other human beings...Since I quit drinking I have been doing the things that normal (non-addicted) adults are able to do with very little effort (pay bills clean make it to work etc etc).  I have been allowing myself to bask in the sense of accomplishment that comes with completing these mundane tasks.  I tried to explain this to a friend of mine who has never dealt with addiction and she just looked at me like I was nuts.  Still feels good!..Keep it up things get even better!
Thank you for this. I'd almost forgotten how miserable it was to shower while hungover especially in warm weather...
The more time that goes by while you're sober the more you're going to regain a whole lot of life's subtleties that one loses when they're numbed up by alcohol all the time.  Everything from smells to physical sensation to very precise little emotions will work their way back into your life more frequently.  In that way you receive pretty cool gifts in sobriety every single day.  
I was just thinking today how wonderful the daily shower is.  Used to be the shower wasn't daily and no matter how much I washed I always smelled like rum anyway.  It is so absolutely wonderful to be able to get washed and smell better!  For like AN ENTIRE DAY.  And then when I smell again it's just human stink not distillery stench.  Hooray for sober showers!
I love showering now after long runs. I cool down get in a warm shower and stttrreettcchh. And then I pee in the drain. So fun!..I'm glad your enjoying sobriety
Hot water really is a modern wonder and something to always be grateful for especially in the winter.
ive always loved the shower after work i usually take far to long but the hot water its such a comfort and to be quite honest its on par with a cigarette or that first gulp of whiskey. dampens the pain and agrivation of the day ( ha see what i did there...a pun) which reminds me i havent had a shower today. Off to the water with me!!! Merry Christmas to all!
