-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tmo93/take_away_this_ball_and_chain/

[Ball and Chain - Social Distortion](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m0merNMnog)..I'm not sure if this sort of thing is allowed here but I really like this song and it deals with a lot of our struggles with addiction...Getting sober is the most difficult thing I have have undertaken. I have tried to run away to a new state and a new country for a fresh start but I keep running into the same problems. I don't understand why I am so fucked up. I hate alcohol. I see no benefit from it. I don't enjoy drinking not even the social aspect anymore. Yet I can never seem to string anything more than a few weeks of sobriety together before I end up drinking again. And it is a pathetic type of drinking too. It is running out to the liquor store to chug a pint of whiskey or vodka and hide it from my wife. ..Every single time I drink I have panic attacks and feel like my organs are shutting down and it scares the hell out of me. Yet that doesn't stop me from paying it forward and beginning to drink again immediately after I wake up. I'll binge for a week or so then quit and swear it off forever for a week or so then start back over again. This is no way to live my life and I want so desperately to give myself the Christmas present of a year sober next year but I just feel that I am hopeless...I don't even know where I am going with this rant. I'm vicereversa I'm an alcoholic and I need help..
----------immediate responses--------

Getting and staying sober takes a village...I would look into AA SMART Recovery and LifeRing.  The support they can provide is extremely valuable and has helped many of us figure out how to live life sober 1 day at a time.
I'm so sorry for your struggles. Alcoholism really sucks. Sorry I don't have any wisdom but you have my sympathy. 
[deleted]
I think it's going to take more than you've given it so far. You might start with a visit to your doctor get a plan of safe detox and immediately follow up with attendance to support groups. There are also professional councilors who specialize in substance abuse and addiction. You don't have to do this alone but you do have to do it seriously. Welcome.
I **love** that song. And you might not know it from the music but Mike Ness has been sober since 1985. He kicked it when he kicked heroin.
