-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tov5f/please_reset_my_badge/

What can I say?  After 7-3/4 years of sobriety I relapsed.  Feliz Navidad..  
----------immediate responses--------

Keep coming back!..The most important part of a sobriety date is that you've got one.
You still have every one of those 2851 days they were hard fought for and no one can take them from you. They are a massive achievement. ..The most important part is to remember is that you're back here this is an ongoing battle most people fail sometimes but as long as you jump back up and keep fighting you're doing well.
I am inspired by your courage and honesty. Feliz Navidad.
Keeps us reminded that no matter how long we are sober we have to be cautious. Feliz Navidad and keep strong.
So what shit happens. Your back on now right? That is ALL that matters.
Welcome home.
I'm not always convinced that counting days sober is that good idea in the long term anyway. It's a good tool for the first 30 days or so...If one loses a big 2800 day achievement he might feel that he lost all the work. But it's not about just a number. The health benefits acquired in that period did not suddenly disappear. They will however if this relapse starts a new slippery slope...The feeling of "losing all the days" might in some people create the thought "aw shucks it would take ages to regain that number whatever I'll just start drinking again"...If we really wanted to use some number some other mathematical concept like a moving average of drinks consumed would be much better. Other than that the most important thing is a sober lifestyle in general...Just something to ponder for everyone here.
One day at a time. Merry Christmas! 
What happened?
Welcome back! Someone else said it first but you know what shit (otherwise known as life) just happens. Awesome for you to come back.
I'm sorry to hear it. It's true that what you have learned in the last 7.75 years can serve you well in the future. Do you know what went wrong? Did it take you by surprise or in all honesty did you see it coming?..Are you going to keep drinking or stay sober now? Tell us about it if it helps. I have a feeling if you want to stay sober evaluating what happened in your relapse can be helpful in making sure it doesn't happen again...All the best and keep coming back indeed.
Glad you're back. Feliz Navidad.
OP please please please don't continue the drinking. You faltered but you didn't fall. Don't have a drink today. Check back in with us later. You can bounce back from this. ..You didn't "lose" all of those years of sobriety either. Just remember that all of the benefits you've reaped are still with you now just be sure not to drown them in alcohol.
My sincerest condolences. It breaks my heart when someone goes back out even it it's only for a day and no matter how much time they have--seven years or seven days. I think it's harder to come back after a longer term of sobriety because usually the world doesn't fall apart instantly after that first drink or even a couple and in fact it might be quite some time before alcoholic drinking resumes again but in my experience it always does. ..After a few relatively innocuous benders we start to question whether drinking was all that bad and maybe our problem was really that we were immature but now we've matured and are able to handle it as adults should. I can't count how many people I've seen go out and try as they might never get back into the program. So please please get back in and take the steps again--past laurels mean nothing when it comes to a fatal disease...Here's wishing you the best of luck and a Merry Christmas...P.S. My sobriety date is Dec 26 for a reason probably the same one as yours. I had 2 1/2 years and had to go back and start all over. It was hard to lose that sense that everybody was secretly laughing at me but I persevered got a good sponsor and began again at Step 1 where we all do. The humiliation was worth the humility I gained probably the first real taste of real humility I experienced since I walked in the door.
Relapse and recycle. It's part of recovery. You're honest with others and yourself and that's what's important!
That's still a long time to be sober. So congrats on that!.
I was continuously sober for 15 years and I relapsed.  I stopped working the 12 Steps or more accurately I stopped going to AA meetings and I began to work the steps backwards.  My relapse cost me 7 years of my life and nearly everything important to me. In fact 14 months after I returned to sobriety I went off to the federal penitentiary for 5 months as a direct consequence of my alcoholic relapse.  A badge reset after 2800 days of sobriety has got to hurt but there is far worse out there friend.  You now have the experience of relapse to share here on SD and in recovery.  Good luck.
7 1/2 years is amazing!  You clearly know what sobriety is.  Get back up on the horse!  Merry Christmas friend.  You can do this!
[deleted]
Glad you made it back. :)
don't see it as starting over.  Those 7.75 years still count dude!  
Don't give yourself too much shit. It's a very understandable fuckup.
I'm sorry. I hope you will tell us what happened. You are still my hero for achieving so much sober time and I hope that you are starting a new winning streak as I type this.
I'm glad you're back. As you well know sobriety is about today not any of the other days so let's march forward together. ..I think newcomers and old-timers alike would benefit from reading your take on what lead to your relapse...Thank-you for helping me stay sober another day.
| What can I say?..It might be useful to tell others what led you to take a drink again. Did you pray the morning of the day you drank? When was the last time you took inventory spoke to your sponsor did service asked for help prior to drinking? Were you resentful angry full of self pity hurt happy or sad when you took your first drink?..Good luck - today is all we have so make the most of it
Sobriety is important to us because with out it our lives spiral into chaos and misery. The number on the badge is not the point. How we live in THIS DAY is. Welcome home.
The only failure is in not getting up again.
Please tell us how this happened.  We learn from each other.  And IMO you still have the 7+ years to be extremely proud of.  
Why is this a stickied post?.
