-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tqssj/scared_to_death_to_relapse/

Hi all wonderful people I am a newbie and its my good luck that I stumbled across this supportive website. After many many relapses I am sober for today for 4 days!But after having a heated argument with my husband I'm scared to death that I might relapse to day. What should I do? Please help!
----------immediate responses--------

You won't relapse if you don't drink. So don't drink. ..Do something else instead. I like exercise. 
Go to a meeting. Call the local AA intergroup and talk to someone. Tell them how you feel. Go to the webchat on the right hand side of the screen. DO NOT PICK UP A DRINK. DO NOT GO TO THE STORE. DO NOT GO TO A BAR. DO NOT DRINK. Tell yourself not today. Maybe tomorrow but not today.
Try to think through the negative consequences of what picking up a drink right now will have. What will you feel like on Friday morning? What will it do to your weekend? Could you get so drunk you drive and get a DUI? Say or do something to you SO and your relationship will take years to repair? Of course a million other negative things could happen just read our posts here. For a quick fix I always eat something sweet like a big piece of cheesecake or a malt. When I feel full from those things my urge goes away usually..
Honey just don't drink. There is a world of other things to do. You're thinking about drinking because it's what you mostly did in the past. When I was drinking every emotion would default my mind to wanting a drink. Just don't do it. Sooner than you know you won't be thinking that way anymore. Hold on it does get better.
Hello!  First of all don't drink.  Second don't trust yourself to think about drinking!  Our brains are magnificent at rationalizing away until we get that first drink in our system.  I have no advice once you get booze flowing through your veins so don't let it get to that point!  Good luck stopping me after even just a single beer because my brain and my mouth would tell you to go fuck off.  I'm not afraid of relapse because I'm sober until I drink the first beer.  I have all of the power to say no until I have no power at all after the first one.  I'm not worried about relapsing later tonight or tomorrow because that is out of my hands.  That isn't now.  I'm sober now and I'm sure of it.  I can be sure that I'll stay sober as long as I don't pick up that first drink...You've kept yourself sober for four days.  Congratulations!  Keep it up!  Don't drink that first one.
At this point in your recovery I think it's extremely important to do whatever it takes to not drink.  You could ask your husband for a truce to help you get through it.  If you're not comfortable with that call a friend or another family member.  There are plenty of sober people at meetings that would be there to listen to you...As being sober became easier for me I started focusing on finding more healthy ways to deal with that kind of stress.  I see/saw a therapist.  I read recovery-related books.  I went to meetings.  I read and contributed to this sub-reddit (A LOT).  All of these things helped me get to the point where a really stressful situation went from "I need a drink to deal with this" to "I used to drink in this situation"...Good luck.  And don't drink!
Lots of good suggestions here.  Keep yourself distracted and hang out on the subreddit.  Hang in there!
[deleted]
Hi Kavyas maybe check out the webchat? I know sometimes the world can feel so narrow--to the right there is a problem and to the left there is alcohol. Sometimes you just have to keep your head down and distract yourself. Nothing is worth drinking over.
There is no problem that will be cured by drinking.  In fact you could say that there is no problem what will not be MADE WORSE by drinking.  Because when you wake up you will be hungover miserable down on yourself AND the original problem will still exist...Do what you need to do to avoid that first drink.  Call someone.  Call a hotline.  Go to a  meeting...You can do this!
