-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tre9l/three_weeks_sober_so_far_not_soo_good_any_help/

This is the longest period of sobriety in my adult life and it has not been all peaches and cream. Let me say that after the holidays are over it will be a relief because I hate the holidays...That aside I have still be struggling with general feelings of melancholy and lethargy. I keep hearing about how awesome people are feeling after getting sober both here and in AA and I just feel like crap all the time...I'm getting over being bored I've just been reading and playing games in spare time when my head isnt pounding. I'd love to do more constructive things but between the lethargy and constant headaches I feel so down for the count...I also need to GET OUT of this 3/4 house as soon as possible. Most of the guys are fine but I still feel like I am walking on fucking eggshells all the time here. We all got bitched out by the director on Monday for a bunch of stupid crap and late last night right as I got home from my familys xmas I get yelled at by the house manager for the trash not being taken out (I was fucking gone) he then goes off at the other guys just relaxing watching a movie for a bunch of shit and everyone was acting like fucking children. Happy holidays... So ya its not a good environment despite keeping me sober for now and I need to get out...To cap all this off I finally came to terms that I probably have a sinus infection which has been causing my frequent headaches. I wake up most mornings and feel like I'm hung over. Seeing a doc on monday...People keep telling me "Itll get better XO :) :P!!!!1" But when? ..Thanks for listening to my rant..-WTBM
----------immediate responses--------

It does get better. See what your Doc says. You can tell them about your 30 days they may have more to say than we do. Your living situation will change when you grow out of the need for it. In the mean time pay attention to the attitude you're bringing to your days. You have to live in them If it's possible an attitude of recovery is a more pleasant place to dwell. You may have covered this in rehab. Time to practice what you're learning.
Hang in there. You're at a bad time of year and the sinus definitely feels like a hangover. Holidays are almost over though. ..I remember a lot of highs but also a lot of lows the first few months. Big swings. That should even out over time as well. Stay strong. 
A sinus infection can kill a mood in a hurry. They are wicked. Hopefully seeing a doctor will give you some relief. Monday seems a long way off though. Try to roll with things in your living environment. What you describe are opportunities to practice adult living skills in a structured environment. Life is life and the garbage has to be taken out no matter where you live. Keep us posted and get well. 
Sorry for your physical problems but still You are doing fine! ..22 days is awesome and things will continue to fall in place with every day that passes. ..Do tell the doctor about it all and maybe they can give advice on anti-depressants or maybe set you in contact with a therapist? ..And remember: **this too shall pass** 
I'm basically at the same point of sobriety as you are and I've had the same experience. It hasn't gotten any better yet for me either :( I spend most of the day in bed. I feel way grosser and in more pain than I was. But everyone seems to tell me here that it does get easier. Guess we have to wait and see.
I don't know how long you drank but you are at the beginning of a journey.  It will be hard but worth every minute of confusion and discomfort. Find someone to talk to.
[deleted]
Keep up the good work buddy call me if you ever want to talk.
