-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1trtj1/having_a_hard_time_today_feelings_vomit/

I got through Christmas and it wasn't too bad. But all I wanted was to come home and be alone. Now I'm home and alone and getting a cold and all I want to do is smoke and smoke and smoke but getting sick makes that depressing. I know I gotta kick the smoking but it's been a comfort. Most people are out of town for the holidays and my town is quiet and empty and it's so tempting to put on my leather jacket and walk over to my favorite bar and drink alone and smoke on the patio and drink alone and smoke and...i don't know what. Sit there in my leather jacket with my hair over my eyes and give in to whatever this is. Like I've done a thousand times. ..I think being with the family for two days hating myself for smoking and my oncoming Lady Time are making me emotional and boom i wanna drink. My first real struggle in these 11 days. I went to a meeting this evening and a young guy shared and had such poise and humor and I remembered that that's what I want to be. That's humanity. The zombie in the leather jacket is not. But she's so damn tempting. She's like a fuckin siren on the beach of oblivion! But she'll eat me alive with her freaky ass teeth. ..Also i'm getting weird(er). Thanks for listening. ...**EDIT** I wrote this post got up and went to another meeting. I felt way too close to hitting the bars. Feeling much better thanks for all your good wishes guys. . 
----------immediate responses--------

Heh thanks for sharing...And I totally relate to you. In fact I was just thinking of starting a thread for people sitting around alone after Christmas without work or anything tomorrow. Like a tinder-box...I'm hanging out listening to music. About to get some food. Just generally trying to be good to myself (which a lot of us aren't good with)...But whatev's. Glad you decided to post here. Let me know how you're doing. :).
11 days sober smoking is just a very minor issue.
FWIW impending Lady Time is still the hardest time for me to stay sober. Friggin hormones messing with your brain chemistry. Don't underestimate how much that can affect your state of mind. ..So the smoking is not IDEAL but it seems to me that right now your choices are: 1. smoke and drink at bar with leather jacket and bangs or 2. smoke sober at home or wherever with or without jacket and bangs.  I think 2 is probably preferable.  I personally have found that self recriminations are not great for sobriety.  So maybe table the smoking concerns til you have more sobriety under your belt.  And remember what good work you are doing by staying sober TODAY.  ..Also I recommend chocolate and/ or salty snacks.  Hang in there friend.
Get yourself outa your funk girl! Put on some tunes and dance around; watch something funny on TV (I'm watching Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee by Jerry Seinfeld...it's making me giggle); paint your toenails; re-organize your closet by color; go see a movie....just DO something besides sitting in your own head right now. Your alcoholic brain is trying to play games with you and YOU do not want the kind it is thinking of playing. Like Russian Roulette. ..Chin up okay? :-)
I have to remember to be extra nice and gentle with myself before and during my period. I'm emotional and sensitive and cry over everything. Don't worry too much about the smoking just yet either. The last time I smoked a cigarette was October 31 but there's no way that I could have quit the first month. Some people even say to give yourself a year. They just started tasting really bad. I also ready Alan Carr's book about smoking cessation. I meant to order the one for drinking but somehow ordered the wrong one. I'm happy to be cigarette free but quitting before I was ready wouldn't have worked for me. ..Good luck to you. I wish I could give you a hug because I know what it's like to be down in the dumps. Happy new year stay sober. 
I commend those that go cigarette and nicotine free. I stopped the former but continued the latter with an electronic nicotine vaporizer. I have been using it for almost 4 months now. It's not for everyone but I like it. 
So glad your story had a happy ending. If it's any consolation...I'm a smoker. There I said it. We're only as sick as our secrets.
