-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tvsd2/had_a_little_victory_last_night/

We went out as a family for my father's birthday.  I did not order any alcohol even though my sister tried to encourage me small victory for sure but not the one I am proud of. Family does not know of my problem yet.  After dinner my sister went to work and the rest went shopping.  On my way home I stopped buy a store and bought some rum.  Came home and put it in my room but did not start to drink.  Did not want my family coming home and see me drunk.  I waited until everyone was asleep which was about 9-9:30.  I then had my internal struggle of drinking or not drinking.  Well the not drinking won and I am writing this completley sober.  It felt to good to finally win one of those struggles.  Now the only questions is can I keep doing it and what do I do with that rum?  Just had to tell someone about this little victory could not feel better this morning.  
----------immediate responses--------

It's not a victory till you get rid of the rum.  It will play on your mind till you do!
[deleted]
Congrats on not drinking I would getting rid of the rum as soon as you can pouring it out giving it to someone or whatever. Like AA says alcohol is "cunning baffling and powerful" so keeping it around is probably just putting yourself at unnecessary risk.
The victory is getting the rum out of harm's way. It's important to figure out ways to interrupt the process of doing something as risky as buying alcohol. You could have stopped it at many points along the way so think about that so it doesn't happen again. ..Congratulations for not drinking. I can't imagine having alcohol that close to me this early in sobriety and not drinking it. 
You don't drink. You sure don't need a bottle of rum. Congratulations! Every day sober is a victory.
Due props for not drinking it! I can tell it means a great deal to you for that to be recognized as it should. Yet man are you dancing around the idea of pouring it out. Just get rid of it the "Oh well fuck it" potential here is way to high and you know it. Do future you the biggest favor of your life and just dump it out. May I ask how is tonight going...?  
