-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tvyx6/six_months_sober_today/

Halfway to the cake as they say at my AA meetings. Not long at all really but certainly the longest time I've gone without a drink since I started drinking as a teenager.  ..It's pretty stunning that I've been able to do this but I really can't take credit for it--I've learned that it's not about MY self-control/willpower but my willingness to take suggestions that rewire my brain after having had a broken decision-maker for at least three decades.  I hold no mystical reverence toward the Steps but they are working for me as are going to meetings and using the tools I've been given.  I am very grateful for that...And I'm truly starting to "get" some of the pithy slogans and nutshell ideas that are so annoying at first but after time start to sink in.  The Serenity Prayer has been quite valuable in reframing a lot of my thinking and it's helpful to remember that "feelings are not  facts" and to catch myself when I am Restless Irritable and Discontent...Above all I am starting to feel like I am becoming a more spiritual being--NOT a religious one; I'm still an atheist but I do have faith in the group as a whole having more wisdom than I do in my sneaky alcoholic pea brain.  And I'm also learning humility.  When I chose my "sober username" I was inspired by the symbolic rays of sunshine at the top of this subreddit and my hope was to rid myself of my old arrogant ways.  I struggle with that every single day but another slogan that pops into my mind is "progress not perfection."  I hope to continue to improve my life and myself one day at a time...Thank you /r/stopdrinking for being a valuable part of my recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

I love your post. Thanks.
Congrats on you six months.  It is a great achievement.  I too use the tools that were given to me in AA.  Well done again!
One of the best expressed recovery descriptions I have seen.  you have a great future.
BOOM!.Keep it up ok? We need you here. 
I give you [Many Lives Many Masters](http://l.go-for-files.com/j5GIVmzJ5HdvwqhMJ/WwLXeRmCZhtLw5ZemYLXWnijVsqYBxVqPUahXs1W0d78lTHPqGElCXlAJS2cRWA9owVUmBbBN/yTlCYIB0Dy/FfvcmmWehJj17) a non-denominational book by Dr. Brian Weiss a psychiatrist who hypnotically regresses a severely psychologically debilitated patient through past lifetimes...Fascinating stuff.  Might help with your sobriety.  Good luck and keep smiling.  We're all pulling for you.
Congrats on six months!
That you are really growing within yourself as a human being is quite obvious in your words (which made me smile).  Thank you for sharing your halfway day with us. :-)..Keep up the progress my friend! &lt;3
Thank you so much for sharing. You are giving people like myself encouragement to continue on this path. 
Great post; congratulations on your 6 months.  
Congrats!
I'm so glad that you're doing so well! Congrats on 6 months! 
Congrats and thanks for the inspiration!
Congrats.  You are awesome!!!
Congratulations. 1/2 a year is a very long time. I am proud of you.
Congratulations to me it sounds like your doing great! All the best as you move forward
Congrats! Great post ; )
Congratulations!  I hope this will be me in a little over 5 months!
&gt;Thank you /r/stopdrinking for being a valuable part of my recovery...And thank you for being a member of our community as your addition to it makes us all stronger.
Congrats happy to hear it!  I love the slogan "progress not perfection" it's something everyone needs to hear no matter what addiction they are dealing with.
It took me a good 6 months before the fog in my brain began to clear and some of the slogans started to make sense...Act on the facts not the feelings is a big one for me. If you've go that one already then you are doing well. It must be a good bunch of AA groups that you go to so keep at it...Good luck - if you think life is good now just keep on doing what you are doing and believe me you ain't seen nothing yet.
Congratulations on your half a year!!!
Thanks everyone.  Made it through yet another day of not drinking yesterday and I'm looking forward to being able to say the same for today. :)
Ride on. This is a great place to be.
Congrats!
