-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u3oc0/starting_over/

2 solid months in and I tossed it. I didn't even put up a fight I was handed a beer and thought for 2 seconds about declining but it was only the 2 second it took me to open it. All downhill from there. I have been seeing a substance abuse counselor and really working hard for this all just to give up without a fight. Blew off work worried my friends and family and essentially wasted the money I have been spending to see the professional. I feel so defeated and weak this is a struggle I am scared of having to have all my life. I want better but I can't seem to make it stick. 
----------immediate responses--------

You still have those two months. What an awesome accomplishment!..You learned something from this experience. It is valuable.
I worry that this post sounds like me looking for validation or something it really isn't. 
Well at least you now know what your problem is. You have the same problem as me. I never had a problem stopping but trying to stay stopped for any extended period was impossible. I know I always get into trouble when I drink so surely knowing that all I need to do is not drink - should be easy right? No it's impossible. On my own I have absolutely no defence against the first drink. The longer I am away from my last drink the less I remember about how bad it was and the more I convince myself that this time it will be different...It's just plain insanity. That's the only word for it. When it comes to drinking I'm insane. I have this insane belief that this time it will be different this time I'll be able to just have that one drink to take the edge off. So I take it and then all bets are off...Don't despair even though you have the same problem as me there is a solution and I found by going to AA and practising AA's 12 step program of recovery. Maybe you'll find the solution for you there too...Good luck - When I found I couldn't stay stopped on your own I swallowed my pride and asked others who had managed to stop to help me and they did - It really was as simple as that.
Have you been following the suggestions of your councilor? I was very stubborn about it at first. I eventually did what she recommended and it made all the difference.
Don't let a lapse turn into a relapse.  Get back on that horse or off the wagon or whatever analogy works best for you.  Tomorrow is a new year.  Go with that.
you need to hear those five simple words my friend. " one day at a time." you're in good company we've ALL been there
