-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u3pqm/starting_anew/

I decided to test the waters last Saturday after 8 months. I was feeling frustrated and depressed over the fact that I wasn't having an amazing vacation from work like I had hoped for but was instead lonely bored and depressed. I flirted with the idea for a few days and did something that I think signaled the slide into relapse on Friday night I took some sleeping medication so that I could just fall asleep and be done with the day. On Saturday I decided I was going to go for it. I had a few moments where I absolutely knew I should stop but I was so desperate for a break from the norm that I pushed through...As for the actual experience... it was extremely anticlimactic. I had a few drinks and was shocked that it wasn't anything like the liberating fun and exciting feeling I had fantasized about throughout my sobriety.  Though out the past 8 months I knew I needed not to drink because of the negative effects on my life but I still wished that I was normal and could drink on occasion. This experience really changed that for me it killed the fantasy. After a few drinks I felt shittier than I did when I started and ended up feeling nauseous. Queue the spins and an early night to bed. The next day was basically wasted something I knew might happen but I had forgotten how frustrating it was to want to accomplish things and feel completely drained and incapable...I never thought that I should go back to drinking... I was just hoping for a temporary escape and a more exciting evening during my time off but that's not what I got. Thankfully I'm jumping right back on the wagon and reached out to my sponsor and sober friends right away...Anyway the takeaway for me is that no matter how bored/frustrated/depressed I might be alcohol doesn't actually offer anything better.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're back. You dodged a bullet there. It takes some people years to get strait after going out. You're a lucky or very smart one.
There is an expression that "no one plans to fail they merely fail to plan". My guess is you knew you would be away from work during this time for the entire 8 months you were sober (great job by the way) but it is one thing to not drink when we have a regular schedule it is another when the whole thing gets turned on its head. ..I know I am most anxious on interruptions to my schedule and I have learned to either have a good plan in place in advance or white knuckle it through until my schedule gets back to normal. ..Thanks for sharing and a very happy new year to you!
&gt;  This experience really changed that for me it killed the fantasy. After a few drinks I felt shittier than I did when I started and ended up feeling nauseous...With all due respect I think you might be fooling yourself.  How was this time different from any of the last 1000 times you got drunk?   Think about it.  You knew you shouldn't drink you drank anyway you didn't get the high you expected you regretted it the next day.  It's the exact same thing.  I fear that you may have hopped right back on the roller coaster &amp; you don't even realize it.  I'm not trying to be a wet blanket it's just that I've noticed that these "I drank and I'm glad I did" type posts usually don't end well...All this to say - be extra vigilant.  This thing has a way of sneaking back up on people once they've broken that seal.  ..Great job on coming back so quickly.  
[deleted]
Glad you are back! I also hate it when my routine is disrupted.  I get long breaks at Christmas and in the summer and I have to make sure I have a new routine in place for those breaks or I get anxious and/or lethargic.  My sobriety stsrted in August for just that reason.  Too little structure too much drinking.  As I said I make my own structure now focused around working out at certain times etc.  
normal is a myth.
