-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u3qa6/new_years_eve_status_thread/

Thought about posting in here during the evening. It's almost 00:00 here in Germany and I'm feeling a little bit tempted but I'll stay strong...Feel free to post your struggle/success in here. ..Good luck for the next year  everyone :)..**EDIT: Freaking made it. New year here I come!**..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
1839 here in MST...Just finished a dinner of:.. New York Strip (I over cooked it.. it was Med-Med Well)..Brown rice..Broccoli Red and Green Pepper Carrot tossed salad with a sundried tomato vinaigrette...Now I am waiting for a good friend to drop by in the next half hour or so to head out.  Heading to see a good friend who is the opening DJ for a DJ from Florida...I'm ringing in 2014 in style! And sober! 
EST here and in a very supportive environment. Sitting with the 1yo son until he falls asleep then back downstairs where I recently got my butt kicked by my mom at Just Dance Kids. Thankfully drinking does not seem like a realistic probability tonight. First sober NYE since before I was even old enough to drink.
Happy New Year All.
Don't give in yhelothere! You can handle this! ..HNY
Well how'd it go....?!?  It's still 2013 here so it's almost as though you are writing FROM THE FUTURE.
Tonight will be stressful for me mainly because my wife might find out I quit drinking. We've gone to eat at bars without me drinking and she hasn't said anything... but I imagine new years will be different. Making it through the night will put me at 1 month though so I got that going for me which is nice.
doing well. Bought some sparking apple juice to drink tonight. 
I'm on my second shift of the day at work. Considering having a milkshake. Thoughts on flavor? 
[deleted]
US Eastern time here...My sciatica is killing me every work shift has been shit I had to call the cops on my neighbors last night I got arrested about two weeks ago my gf is probably not gonna be home from work before midnight and she's working with someone who I especially despise...But fuck it! At least I don't have to go to a party and watch everyone get hammered. I'll be home relaxing the kid'll be in bed and I'll start 2014 sober. ..2013 can't be over quickly enough.
New Year's Day here and I've managed to make it through another day!..Kept it relatively quiet this year and went to a family get together at my uncles place which has a pretty decent view of the fireworks display in the city. ..Brought along my own homemade mixers for tonic water (fresh raspberry pur e mint and ginger and ruby grapefruit lemon and ginger) which were a hit with everyone though they added gin to their drinks (happily said no when I was pushed to try it with the gin despite being told it was *so much better*)...We headed back to my parents house at around 2:30am (staying there as they're having their New Year's Day BBQ today) and managed to do something incredibly stupid. ..I was playing with my cat with a glow stick and she bit into it and copped a mouthful of the filling. Cue a freak out both me and her her running around frantically frothing and drooling at the mouth me and my dad running around trying to catch her to wash out her mouth and and then getting her to drink some water with a little milk mixed in to get rid of the taste. Spent the rest of the night fussing over her until she finally settled down and snuggled in with me around 4:30am. ..Happy New Years everyone!
Not having any trouble with drinking but I'm feeling kind of isolated
