-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u4v9t/any_advice_for_the_so_of_a_heavydrinker/

So I guess I'm here looking for advice.  My GF likes to drink a lot.  We've been together for almost 5 years and it's been an issue as far back as I can remember.   I realized very early on in the relationship that she had a problem with booze.  In the first year or two I almost left several times.  There were nights I had to literally carry her into the house after going out with friends.  I should mention that at this time we were both in our late 20's.  More than once I was so pissed off that I let her spend the night wherever she happened to pass out: in the car on the bathroom floor in the kitchen upstairs etc.  Those probably don't sound like the the actions of a loving caring boyfriend but it is what it is.  I was usually so embarrassed over something she did or some way she acted that I really didn't give a shit at that point.  ..In these five years I can say that we've rarely argued but when we have it was almost assuredly over drinking.  In fact over the last year or so we don't even fight anymore- it's not necessary.  Here's a confession regarding one of my character flaws:  I'm a passive aggressive dickhead when in an argument with someone.  That's the reason I say the fighting isn't necessary.  I think that when I'm being a quiet dickhead it's pretty well understood how I feel.  And it makes her feel like a piece of shit.  Then I know that I'm making her feel like shit so I start to feel like a piece of shit.  Fat Bastard would call it a vicious cycle...I feel at this point that I should provide some differing perspective.  The last thing I want to do is give the impression that I'm trying to take the holier-than-thou position.  That's an attitude that doesn't get people very far in life and I have a feeling that it wouldn't get me very far in this sub either.  This girl is an amazing person.  She is the kindest friendliest most generous loving beautiful sweetest person you're likely to ever meet- she just has a drinking problem.  A note about me I can most certainly be a sonofabitch and I'm no stranger to addiction.  I came back from Iraq with broken bones bitchin' scars and a raging addiction to Percocet.  That was a habit that only got worse over the course of several years and took several more to kick.  I have a hard time understanding alcoholism because it's not my drug of choice; I could take alcohol or leave it.  However if the normal social activity that everyone engaged in was to go down to the local morphine bar and buy your friends a round of Vicodin the bar-stool would have a permanent imprint of my ass cheeks I'm sure.  I guess what I'm getting at is that I don't necessarily understand alcoholism from an insider's perspective but I very much understand the struggle of being addicted to the point of being unable to stop.  The difference in my mind is that I still retained some self-control while strung out.  I never got to the point of being a blathering idiot at least not in the same sense.  Hell I don't even know if that's a fair statement.  I'm sure we can all come to a general consensus though: When you're sober drunk people are just plain fucking annoying.  ..Now I said that we've argued.  We've also had very mature adult conversations on the topic.  She is aware that she has a drinking problem.  She is aware that it is to the point where it's probably killing her slowly.  She knows that she has to change but it seems that she won't even take the first step in the right direction.  I have offered to help over and over.  I am willing to help financially if she wants treatment.  I actively try and suggest activities outside the bar already as I'm personally to the point that I can't even stand the smell of alcohol anymore anyhow.  I will do anything for this girl.  She has stated to me on many occasions that she wants to make a change yet it never happens.  There are ups and downs sure.  Some nights she's slammed 6 Vodka's before I can finish two sodas.  Others she feels like she's doing a good job "cutting back" because she was able to only drink beer.  (I'm talking enough beer to result in glossy eyes swaying stature and slurring words.  Not just a couple.)  This is usually the point where she's trying to talk me into drinking with her.  I can't help but feel like she's trying to "drag me down" with her when she's doing this.  Pretty melodramatic phrasing I know but it's truly the sense that I get from it.  I'm going to add the cherry on top here too.  It's ruined our sex life.  When she's trying to get me to get drunk with her in my mind it's either because she doesn't want to feel like an alcoholic for drinking alone or she's trying to get into my pants.  See I won't sleep with her when she's drunk.  There's probably nothing in this world that turns me off more than someone trying to have sex with you when they're on the road to becoming so fucking obliterated that they can't even form a coherent sentence.  But you know what?  There are other times where she can go a two day stretch without drinking.  Right up until something happens: Long day at work traffic was bad birthday Christmas New Year's etc.  It seems like there are a thousand excuses to get drunk...I just realized that I kind of went on a tangent and started venting instead of asking for advice.  Please don't misconstrue that last paragraph as anything other than frustration kind of manifesting itself.  I do love her very much.  Been in it for 5 years and I'm planning on sticking around for the long haul.  I want to help her help herself so to speak.  With New Year's coming up she has hinted at a renewed desire to quit drinking.  I've heard the cliches and I know that a person doesn't stop drinking until they're ready but I want to know what I can do to help her become ready.  Am I naive in even thinking that I can?  I understand that this sub is full of people who have either been in my position or in hers.  Any insight you could offer for me or insight that I could pass along to her would be greatly appreciated.  Tips tricks strategies treatment options anything...
----------immediate responses--------

For me the decision to stop drinking had to be my own. For the past few years I've been well aware that I had a problem I had family members tell me I needed to make changes but didn't feel I had the power to change things. I was afraid and didn't know where to start. In turn my frustration and anger at myself and my inability to deal with these issues led to my drinking getting worse...The best you can do is to be a strong support for her reiterate that you love her that you think she is worth it and will do anything to help her once she is ready to make the changes she needs. You also need to take time and space to look after yourself living with an alcoholic is hard and will take an emotional toll on you. There are groups both in real life and on reddit that can help you with advice and support on living with an alcoholic /r/AlAnon is a great place to start...Good luck.
I am a recovering alcoholic but I'm also in a relationship with someone who struggles with his own addictions so I know what you mean by you can understand it while at the same time not understand it. I can't see my SO's addiction ever getting him to the point of desperation that I eventually came to and the point your GF may get to. That desperation combined with the glimmer of hope that I got from listening to others stories (in AA) of how they quit drinking and how their lives were now got me to the point I needed to let go and say "I'm done". ..You can show her this sub and ask her to spend a few hours reading other alcoholics' stories here; of those that are beginning their journey and those that have been on their path for awhile. They may spark some inspiration/hope in her to start on her own journey to find herself again. I would also suggest that you post this in /r/alanon and read the posts there for yourself...You sound as though you genuinely care for her and really want to do the best for her but as you know in the end the choice is hers and hers alone. Be well my friend and make sure to take care of yourself too. ..
I suggest you check out /r/Alanon browse the subreddit and learn about Alanon a support group for family and friends of alcoholics. The best thing you can do is take care of yourself as strange as that may seem. Alanon helped me explore my options and set priorities so I could make the best decisions for both of us. I had to set boundaries so I didn't get sucked into someone else's addiction. ..If she is interested in getting sober she is welcome on this subreddit. Here she will learn a great deal whether she decides to quit or not. ..Check the FAQ Family Section in the sidebar of this subreddit. ..I wish you both the best in the new year. Take care of yourself. 
Venting is necessary but it's only the first step...for you. Your girl isn't the only one suffering her alcoholism. I suggest you start attending Alanon meetings and let her know. No secrets. Tell her how painful it is to live with and love her. You need the support for your own recovery. It's only when things get undeniably real that an alcoholic is willing to really know their situation. I wish you a happy and loving life. 
I don't think you are obligated to subsidize anyone's addiction even if you love them. You don't need to carry her to bed when she passes out (as long as she is in a safe place). You don't need to drink with her keep her company when she is drunk have sex with her when she is drunk tell her that you think it's okay for her to be drunk you don't have to do any of that. It's okay to say "I don't approve of this and I'm not going to be involved." It won't necessarily make her get help - I think people get help when they are ready - but I think it's important for your health for you to keep a distance and I think it sends a strong message that might help encourage her. Use the "a word." She isn't a heavy drinker she don't have a "drinking problem" she is an alcoholic and you don't do her or yourself any favors by beating around the bush. 
