-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u8lnc/confused_thoughts/

Hello everyone happy new year.  Today I have been having some weird emotions towards my recovery.  I have accepted the fact that I cannot drink.  I am allergic to alcohol I understand that.  I do not feel like drinking I do not want to do it.  I also understand that complacency leads to relapse.  However I do not like AA.  I have been going to meetings regularly even got a sponsor and started talking with them.  I just do not see meetings working for me.  ..I have put things in place in my life to better myself and am constantly working towards new goals all while sober.  I love the program and what it stands for the comraderie the group unity and everything else.  Just for some reason which I cannot seem to voice I do not like participating in this program.  I am not angry sad mad or discontent.  I am happy and good being sober.  Just for some reason do not feel it is for me.  I wanted to get some insight into maybe things I could change or other options.  I know there is a SMART recovery thing but I have not really looked into it.  Any help would be appreciated.  Thank you..
----------immediate responses--------

Have you read the 12x12?  The AA meetings aren't the AA program.  The Steps are.  Sounds like you've worked step 1 what about the rest?
I found AA to be a big help at the beginning for the very reasons you mention.  I also found it to be less of a help after a while and stopped going after about a year.  I tried some some outreach mentorship at a local inpatient place as a way to try to give back but did not get a positive feeling from that.  ..I'm not a particularly clubby kind of guy but recognize there are plenty of people who are. 
I love AA. I love just getting out and talking to people that I don't necessarily know that well...I love being able to vent. I love being able to listen. I love feeling not so alone in all of this.
After 115 days something has been working.
[deleted]
I get out of AA what I put into it. At the beginning just being willing to learn brought big rewards. Participating is another pleasure. Keeping a Zen like   pay attention to the moment  attitude keeps me from becoming bored. Every time I think I have someone figured out they surprise me with a deeper facet to their character.
