-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uf66u/take_two/

I quit drinking (again) on New Years day although it honestly had nothing to do with the new year or a resolution (I have never liked those). It just coincided with something I knew was coming... the day I had to admit AGAIN that I am incapable of managing my drinking...Thankfully it has never been that bad. I haven't been arrested or terribly sick or hurt anyone... but after six month of sobriety and feeling great I realized I could slowly start to have a beer or two again and all was well. I was having wine with dinner to cut down on  calories (I thought). Soon I was having a bottle of wine a night and not quite getting the buzz I wanted. If there was ever another bottle in the house I would find it and open it. So I started to go to the store every single day to buy my stash for the night. Sometimes I would make up an excuse to run back to the store later to grab another beer or can of cider. Sound familiar to anyone?..So many days I would tell myself "I'll take a day or two off starting today" but by dinner time i would be tired have had a bad day or a good day and needed some wine to relax or celebrate or relieve stress or whatever. I was spending $10-15 a day... which adds up to quite a bit for my tight budget...So around Christmas I realized I needed to just quit. I was with my family and the wine was flowing. I was trying to take it easy and it really didn't go to bad but after the half-empty bottles were vacuum sealed and put back in the fridge and everyone went to bed I found myself opening them to have a nightcap. Despite being pleasantly buzzed and surrounded by great family drunk me needed MORE. It ended fine I wasn't hungover or anything but the next day I just knew I had no control none at all. ..It is like being possessed. Something comes over me when I feel I need a drink. It overwrites all of my current thinking. I visualize it as a parasite or something like that. I try to tell it to shut up but it has "gained root" to my mind. When I have had a drink or two it has 100% control which is why I always think I need "one more" even when I am totally satisfied/having fun/feeling relaxed...I need to get this thing out of me and after my 6 month experience and relapse shows I have no option but to never drink again...Like many of you my main concerns/fears are culinary and social. I love the flavor of beer wine and cider so much. The soft stuff just isn't the same. I don't like sodas or iced tea or any of that. I have been trying some peppermint tea which has a nice "bite" but that is not at all the same as having a really great clear wine on a summer afternoon outside. Just something I have to let go of I guess...And of course "everyone" out there drinks. Potlucks neighborhood parties etc there is always wine and beer around. I am not hugely social but I will miss those shared times. I'll now just be the guy who says "no thanks" and watches everyone else make an idiot of themselves...Thanks for hearing out my rant it feels good to explain where I am coming from to people who might understand..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like the guy who was addicted to walking into traffic.  After a few weeks in the hospital he would feel like could handle it again. 
&gt;It is like being possessed.....There is not a more accurate description of what I felt like while I was still drinking than this. I didn't even want to or like to drink towards the end.  It made me feel like shit and do shitty things.  But every afternoon somewhere around 4pm something inside my skull said WANT NEED NOW. And I was the body that took that demon inside my head into the store and got it what it WANTED and NEEDED NOW.  It made me irrationally feel scared to quit. That I couldnt quit. That **I** couldn't survive without it. But in the end **I** (armed with the hope I received from stories of those that had come before me) exorcised my demon...That said Welcome my friend. And yes as you said you will have to let go of any notion that you can have "just one".  The sooner your can wrap your brain around that notion the better. Then you will be given the opportunity of getting on with life and growing in it. ..I'm not much of a soda person either but I've turned into quite the tea whore. Two shelves filled with the stuff. I've even taken to mixing different ones to make just the flavor I'm looking for of late. :-P  ..You can still have those shared times with your friends. You'll even have the added bonus of remembering them in the morning! :-)..Good journey to you and keep us posted!  
I really relate to your description of addiction.  It's comforting to find others suffering and working through similar predicaments. Thank you for sharing. 
New Year's Eve was so hard. I wanted so bad to "celebrate." I need to realize that I can have fun without drinking. It is so hard.
