-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1um2pa/3_12_years_sober_caffeine_use_getting_worse_and/

I've read a lot here and heard a lot around meetings from people saying that in early sobriety caffeine use can get extreme but after some time sober it goes back to 'normal' moderate use. This has not been my experience. It seems as though I am either 'off' or 'on' caffeine with little middleground. I have tried quitting countless times to no avail. ..One example: my most recent time quitting I went about 2 months with no caffeine. I went to a night time meeting and had black tea (I'd been thinking about having caffeine for the past few days a lot but kept it to myself) then had more tea later that night. The following day I had many cups of tea throughout the day followed by espresso at night. The third day I was back on caffeine pills and using l-theanine to help with the anxiety. ..I quit for a few days at a time now and tell myself I have quit for good because I am clearly using it to change the way I feel and that's a big red flag plus the feeling of being powerless over a substance isn't a good feeling at all. I convince myself to go back on it and drink a ton of coffee and I have a short caffeine high followed by hours of guilt over my relapse. ..Except for the first hour or so after drinking coffee my life is much worse when I'm on caffeine yet I am having such a hard time staying stopped telling myself 'everyone else does it' and 'it's really not a big deal'. The fact of the matter is that it's driving me crazy I'm obsessing about it and it has become a big deal for me. Does anyone else react to caffeine like I do?..Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds like a very strong reaction. I drink coffee and tea. I've started drinking 1/2 caff because as an early morning person I can go overboard and get queasy. Anything after 4 pm has to be decaff or it interrupts my already wonky sleep cycle. Deliberately taking caffeine for  a buzz isn't a good idea but you know that already. I also have to keep sugar in check. Just one can lead to a 10 lb weight gain within a very few months. That said none of this has the same life threatening potential that alcohol does in my life. Progress not perfection.
I do. ..Caffeine is a drug for me and I react and use it as such. ..For me it *is* a huge deal. ..If I could have found a way to mainline coffee I'm sure I would have. ..I stopped for a month last January. Listened to folks who told me "you can't give up everything" (I'd cut out sugar at the the same time amongst other things - radical lifestyle change). Started again. ..Because I wanted to. I wanted the high and the cool factor that goes along with triple shot espresso thanks. .. Props have to go to u/offtherocks for the persistent gentle nudging to get off the stuff and creating r/decaf. There's r/nocaf too. I'm more a no caf person (cutting out chocolate is less of a deal if your sugar free) but r/decaf has the badges and I love me some badges. ..My anxiety has pretty much gone due to these changes and I'm all the better for it. ..It looks like you know what you need to do - if you can't moderate there's a problem...Good luck and please keep me posted?..*edits for the late night incoherence 
We're all here because we have addictive personalities. ..Caffeine's less dangerous that alcohol but if a couple of cups won't work then maybe you can't moderate your caffeine consumption and need to stop especially if it's having a net negative effect. How about some alternative teas that don't contain caffeine?
Back when I drank caffeine I drank it non-stop. It made me anxious. I hate feeling anxious. Yet I kept drinking it. Hmm this sounds familiar.....According to my badge on /r/decaf I'm 777 days caffeine free today. I don't miss it at all. It's heavenly. 
Our addictions can be sorta wack a mole.   As we stay sober and recover they emerge or we become aware of them.   ..The steps can help with more than alcohol - keep doing.
Like everyone else said I have to moderate my caffeine usage and luckily I am able to actually do so. I have one cup of coffee in the morning and that's it. Once or twice a month I'll grab a caramel latte later in the day but that's just because it's my favorite drink...Like you if I drink too much caffeine I get terribly anxious and I've found that as I've gotten older the effects of caffeine have gotten much much worse. If I have any caffeine after noon it is guaranteed I won't sleep well ... which is a self-reinforcing cycle because then the next day I want even more caffeine...Try to cut down on your consumption but if you can't go cold turkey.
Routinely I drink 32 oz of high-test Sbux every morning then nothing else all day.  When I went into federal custody for 5 mos. as a direct result of my alcoholism--I went nearly a month without any coffee for the first time in nearly 50 years.  I can attest that the headaches I had during those first couple of weeks were only exceeded by the worst of my hangovers.  When my wife picked me up to go home at the end of the ordeal before she kissed me her arm extended from the driver's side window with a cup of Starbucks!    ..So for me at least I drink my two 16 oz dark roast coffees every day and I don't believe I have any other issue with caffeine.  ..All food is a mood altering substance but food or coffee is not going to destroy my family or cause me to drive impaired.  I will not commit crimes or become corrupted by my coffee or food.  I will remain focused on alcohol.  
I drink a lot of caffeine too. Both times I quit my weight went up.
I don't react like you do no. But does it matter? Most people don't need to quit drinking entirely forever but I had to. ..I have friends who quit caffeine entirely and they tell me its was clearly being freed for an addiction. They tapered down mixing the real stuff with decaf in an increasing ratio for a while - I think two weeks. That might be a way to cut it out without withdrawal symptoms.
