-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1unc0f/my_higher_power_is_as_constant_as_gravity/

I came up with an analogy at my meeting last night and I thought it may be helpful to others so I thought I'd share it with everyone here.....Very early into my sobriety I had to do a lot of searching to get in touch with my higher power.  I have always been agnostic (never atheist) and had trouble coming to terms with the fact that something bigger than me could actually help me beat my addiction.  I've never been comfortable with the power greater than myself being God but that's another story all together.  I've always felt that there is something bigger than me out there but I had no clue what it was and wasn't really buying anyone else's theory either.  ..As I tried to get in touch with my higher power (and eventually did) I remember specifically stating on multiple occasions "Why can't my relationship with my HP be like gravity?  Something that's constant dependable and there everyday when I wake up."  That question was answered for me yesterday.  My relationship with my higher power is EXACTLY like gravity.  The problem is in the beginning I was too far away from my HP to see or feel the impact on my life; just as two distant objects in space feel little to no pull of each others gravity.  Now that my HP has become a very important part of my life I can feel its impact on me daily and it is there every morning when I wake up.  Constant just like gravity because we are close like one planet orbiting another.....So that's my analogy that I thought someone would enjoy hearing.  If you're struggling with your HP in any way try talking (praying) to it every day.  Make it a daily part of your life and get close to it.  Maybe then like me you will begin to see and feel the effects it can have on you.
----------immediate responses--------

Someone during an AA meeting shared their higher power...She stated "You see that grass growing outside can you make it grow?"..I felt it was a great analogy for a higher power - something beyond her control in which she cannot change...Edit: I like your analogy too.
Thank you. A really lovely analogy.
That is a good analogy. I've always thought that my relationship with God is always changing.  When I'm sober and working the steps I'm moving closer to God.  When I was drinking I was moving farther from God...P.S. I see we share the sobriety date.
Wow that's beautiful. Thank you.
