-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ushjo/feeling_weak_after_relapse/

Went 8 days and then drank a 18 pack because I've been so fucking stressed with everything. Now I feel just more stressed while drunk for relapsing. It felt great at first but now i feel weak and like complete and utter crap. ..Don't make my mistake. Regardless of how sad you feel power through because if you really want to change when you fail you will feel more depressed than you already did.
----------immediate responses--------

It happens - don't beat yourself up too much.  Learn what you can from the experience such as what triggered you to drink identify the stressors and how to avoid them in the future or come up with a game plan on how to cope with them in a more positive way.  What can you do next time to avoid drinking?  The important thing is that you've acknowledged the mistake and can nip it in the bud early on instead of compounding it.
Just had to reset my badge. I'm right where you are. Relapsing is utter whale vomit.
Yeah relapse sucks--and the danger is that in the midst of uncontrolled drinking I will operate a car or do some other stupid stunt that results in my death the death or injury of loved ones or innocent bystanders.  I'm not going to play dice with that possibility today.  For me long term sobriety is best achieved through 1. stopping drinking + recovery (AA or SMART recovery meetings).  Then I have an actual path.  
Maybe you need more support. I didn't like being home alone in early sobriety so I went to AA meetings. It was always time well spent. Meetings and a counselor kept me focused. Having a sponsor to talk with siphoned off the stress I was having. A safety net like this kept me from drinking when I was severely tempted. Give it some thought. 
I learnt that a good while ago.  Now you know!
Be glad you got it over early so you don't have to wonder about it when you get more time. Now you know what it feels like. Reset your badge hit a meeting and begin your new sober life today.
