-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uvhpm/i_cant_believe_i_thought_booze_made_things_easier/

Evening /r/stopdrinking...Nice weather out for January. We west coast folks don't know the iced in pain the rest of you folks are in. I hope you are warm and well. ..So. My mother was diagnosed with stage 3 ovarian cancer in February of 2011. It has been a rollercoaster of her almost dying and then not every since. She and I are super close (I'm her only daughter) and her sickness has been the swellest excuse to drink an alcoholic could ask for. Celebrating a return from the ER? Wine. Long hospital shift dealing with nurses? Flask bourbon. Lazy day at her house?  Gin. Off the all night shift bedside? Good morning six pack. Breathing? Booze. Any time is a good time if you pretend there's a reason. ..So she almost died yesterday. When relieved of my shift making sure the nurses did their jobs (saints they may be but they still make human error) I went to a meeting and had a minor mental breakdown afterwards over tea on my porch with another AA...I then got a full night of sleep woke up refreshed ran some errands and after a quick hospital visit did my meeting. Right now I am listening to her soft snores with my feet up on the bed in a guest chair. I'm not nervously shaking my flask wondering if it'll last long enough. I'm not mentally ticking of which nearby bars open at 8a.m. I'm not mentally clawing my way into my next numb drunk. ..I'm thinking about how lucky I am to be here. I'm thanking my lucky stars that the rest of the family is just as involved through their fears as I am. I am realizing that so much of the terror and pain I have been feeling are perfectly natural but I was building walls of resentment and guilt and shoring them up with booze. I was locking myself up with my demons in a cage I was building myself. ..As a coping mechanism booze is a pile of shit. ..So as my ass goes numb and the clock ticks another couple hours by I'm feeling very peaceful and looking forward to a shower and bed in six or so hours. Things are still scary things are still hard. But I'm not as scared. I'm not struggling and numbing and in the cycle anymore. ..Thank you guys for continuing to show me it can be done. Thanks for reading. I obviously have time to kill.  :P
----------immediate responses--------

Oh! Thank you. I'm so glad we are both free of the toxic life of addicted drinking. You are so present to the needs your family now. What a blessing. I'm sending you warm loving thoughts.
Back in 1997-1999 I was the caregiver for my mom who was also suffering from stage 4 cancer and was her only daughter and we were super close. It the ups and downs... Emotional roller coaster. I totally get the wanting an escape. This is life - it's hard it sucks it hurts it hurts so bad but there's also comedy love and beauty and richness and so much in between... Drinking numbs it all. You don't want to miss a thing...My mom ended up passing away and being as close as we were I grieved pretty hard. The most cherished memories that I have are those simple moments of just being together and talking... The ones that I was the most 'present' for...As you and your mom and your family go through this... There will be a lot of highs and lows but the greatest gift you can give yourself and her is your presence. ..Ack I'm shedding some tears for you - this brought me back. ..Anyway You can do this... We're here for you! Welcome!
My brother is sick right now. He's had HIV for decades and that and his alcoholism are catching up to him. He just had major surgery on his liver. I've been sober 56 out of the last 59 days the only nights I haven't been there for him were the nights I drank. :( Thank God you are sober for your mom. And present! Not just "there" as you said. 
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your mom. 
What a great read! (besides the fact that your mom is sick I'm very sorry). Caregiving is just about the toughest job in the world. I watched my mom do it for my grandmother and she just about lost her mind. I'm glad that you have an outlet such as AA to go to and find support as well as all of us! Here's raising a cup of tea to you and your mom.
Excellent post thanks. ..Hindsight eh? Booze is just the shittiest way of dealing with life. It's the best way to make everything worse. 
Sorry about your mom.  My mom went through a very similar process and passed away in 2005.  It was horrible.  I don't know what to say except be strong.
The solution to the problem was actually the cause of the problem for me. ..It's only once I stopped drinking I actually realised this. 
The illness and death of a parent can have profound effects on people.  My father's struggle with cancer and untimely death came at a time when my career was starting to finally take off.  New anxiety over stress at work postponed the grieving process in fits and starts.  My drinking escalated especially after the sudden death of a very close friend...Not to be overly metaphorical but grief is like trying to grow a plant from a seed; it takes special care diligent attention time etc.  You can just dump a bottle of booze on it and expect to one day wake up and have a fruit bearing adult tree...I mostly wanted to say that your story resonated with me and that I appreciate you sharing.
