-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uwy3r/struggling_at_3_months/

Lately I've been feeling weaker and having some cravings hit me out of the blue. That hasn't been a problem up to now.  I am really trying to understand what's causing them so I can progress and not give in. Really trying to change some of my attitudes and actively analyzing my life and writing down what I need to do.  BUT this is really hard and I can't fix myself overnight. What kind of things might work in the interim? I am reading this reddit daily and talking in depth with my SO who is recovered and has worked the steps. I have gone to two AA meetings but have not become a regular attender. I am wondering if doing the steps formally with a sponsor would be more helpful to me. Any thoughts? Doesn't it take a long time to meet a sponsor you are comfortable with? I am currently sidelined as far as exercise is concerned due to a leg injury that isn't healing and this and the Dark months make my mood uncharacteristically poor.
----------immediate responses--------

It took me a while to get a sponsor while attending AA.  When I went to AA  in the beginning  it kept me sober for a while but that is all I was doing Going to meetings.  No program no service no sponsor etc.  It never really worked for me. I kept relapsing.  ..I then got a sponsor started doing service got on a program and guess what I haven't had a drink since.  My time was not wasted while I was slipping as that is when I first met my sponsor and got to know him a bit.  It all changed for me when I got involved in the whole AA experience.  ..We are all different and I don't know what will work for you but I do know what worked for me in the end.  Good luck.
You can absolutely ask someone that is available to be a temporary sponsor. Your husband is a great addition to your tool chest but having that person from outside your relationship would be so helpful. Just go to a meeting and ask someone to be a temporary sponsor. It may or may not become permanent but in the interim you can start to work on your stepwork. ..Also since your husband has already been through this he has probably told you about [PAWS](http://www.addictionsandrecovery.org/post-acute-withdrawal.htm). I didn't personally go through it but there are many that do. Someone here once said that when they were talking to their doctor about it their doc said that when he sees people going through it it's almost like clockwork at 3 6 9 and/or 12 months. ..Speaking of doctors seasonal affective disorder is a very real thing which should see your doctor to talk about it. At the very least get yourself a light box which mimics outdoor light. ..You're doing the right thing for yourself by reaching out rather than succumbing. That's showing the love and respect for yourself that you deserve. Please keep us posted Oldladyhoo okay? :-)
Social support is so important...Try a few more AA meetings sometimes it does take time to find a sponsor and sometimes it's not the right sponsor and you have to find another. If they AA simply is not a good fit try SMART recovery. Don't just READ these boards comment and ask questions. Make sure you're honest with yourself about your feelings but also be honest with your friends and family and SO - It's OK to say "I'm struggling." ..Talk talk talk! Don't try to hold things in. ..Also if the dark months tend to drag you down talk to your doctor or find a psychiatrist that you can trust. They can suggest some treatment for seasonal depression. ..Good luck :) You're gonna be ok.
My experience is the more I got into aa the more focused I became on making the changes necessary rather than resisting them...And I did resist fight dodge weave evade and I kept slipping.  Until I realized that my way was half assed and not working.       ..Not that I am orthodox aa I am not  but you have got to get with the program before you take what you need.....
I keep posting this sorry to be repetitive but may I suggest meditation?!?!  A useful tool for ne anyway.
You can do plenty of exercises that don't require your legs. If that is your crutch then get creative. 
Winter blues and holiday hangover (of the cheer variety) can make things difficult. I don't have much to add just keep up what you're doing you can do this!
The dark gloomy months can be hard...I'm relatively new to Aa but I can see that eventually soon the warm fuzzy feeling from just attending is going to have to progress to a sponsor and the steps.  Meanwhile I'm actively reading everything I can get my hands on...Someone was talking about a step zero:..http://www.staysoberjustfortoday.com/addiction-recovery-step-zero.html.http://beforethefirststep.blogspot.com/2012/08/aa.html..Not sure in any of this is helpful at your stage but what the heck...
It actually sounds like you do know what you need. Just go get it. Being a regular attendee at AA meetings has been a boon not only for maintaining ongoing sobriety but for learning how to expand my world and keep it interesting. It starts with looking inward but rapidly progresses to embrace a much wider view. Good post. Thanks. 
