-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uzjbn/reset/

I never mentioned it here but my original goal was to stop drinking for 40 days. A friend was undergoing a 40 day break simultaneously and I offered to join him for support.  He didn't make it to 40 days.  I made it to 42...Last night I had a friend over and with dinner we shared a bottle of wine. That's all. Two glasses for me three for him over the course of an hour or so. This is a crossroads for me. I'm not going back to drinking the heroic levels I used to. I can't - my health my career and my family need me and they need me at my best.  And that means sober...I've heard a lot of people talk about attempts at moderation that led to relapse. I want to keep aware of that. I do not hear of people who make a set of strict rules and adhere to them with the result of successful moderation.  Are you out there? ..Anyway I'm restarting my count as optimistic in the journey as ever. Dedicated to my health and happiness in ways that do not include alcohol abuse.
----------immediate responses--------

I was not successful but I had a few methods: I had a punchcard where I would give myself a certain number of drinks per week and carry a puncher around on my keychain and punch for each drink (this way I could either have one a day or 7 in one day. Binge drinkers of the world unite and take over!) I also had an app on my computer where you would enter your drinks and it would kind of give you a graph over time of how your drinking was doing (my drinking was really doing great there at the end!) I also had a stickerchart I'd put on my fridge where I'd give myself stickers for booze-free days just like a kid who poops in the potty...I always ended up lying to myself and then abandoning the methods though. And whether it took a week or 6 months to get back to where I was I was always back there and then some. So for today I'm just not going to take that first drink.
Most people here haven't been able to moderate successfully but that doesn't mean that you can't or that there aren't groups out there which support moderation.  If you don't get many replies here there are alternatives sites you might want to check out the only one I'm aware of is http://www.moderation.org/..Be careful and best of luck!
I've tried several times to moderate.  I do really well for a couple months keeping it down to no more that two drinks a night just a couple nights a week but then it slowly increases.  What always gets me it some "crisis" occurs that causes me to throw moderation out the window and I end up having 15 drinks in a night.  Then it is off to the races!..I just don't think it is in my genetic makeup to be able to drink moderately.  Not saying you can't though it's up to you to try and see if you can work it out.
Who is to say what will work for you.  Congratulations on the 42 days.  It must feel great to see the commitment through...For me I think it is dangerous to think about drinking in the future.  My near past is still to frightening a reminder of what happens when control is lost...Best of luck with your moderation.  
