-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uzr1h/saw_a_psych_today_struggling/

so i saw a psychiatrist today to get on a different (non-benzo) anxiety medication after 2 days ago drinking like there was no tomorrow along with campral. i am scared and i self-medicated for so long i am fearful of taking this new medicine (remeron). i will be starting to see an addiction psychologist along with aa attendance again (have been to a daily meeting even though it has only been 2 days). has anyone else been in my shoes? i have a lot of change coming up in my life - move to another state for my job and i want to go as a better person than the 2x a week binge drinker who cannot function. i want to be better. perhaps this is the wrong subreddit to post in i have just found a lot of people here have a lot of smart advice. thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

We have all been in your shoes.  ..Many of us were able to quit for my self there was some frothing and gnashing as well as generalized flailing about but I kept coming back and eventually it took...Life is so much better. My advice is to keep it simple don't drink and go to meetings.
I don't have any experience with those specific meds but I can say that my anxiety mostly disappeared along with my hangovers. Life still happens of course. Sometimes I'm uncomfortable or afraid and that's normal for a human being. I either get relief from trying AA stuff or sometimes I just have sit still and be uncomfortable and then it passes. I don't have to drink myself to death over it...Like Slipacre said just keep putting one foot in front of the other your life is going to get so much better.
I took remeron for a while. It really was great for me. Took it at night and it really helped me sleep and helped a lot with anxiety. (I'm not doctor just sharing my experience.) ..As for the drinking sounds like you are taking the right steps. As for the missive changes coming one day at a time! Be in the moment. It'll all fall into line- just be present for it.
You may want to try some AA meetings along with medication. I was prescribed depakote to help me through withdrawals. I took it for about a month and a half and by the time I was off of them meditation and conscious contact took over and relieved my problems. I had always been an anxious person. This the first time in 2 decades I have been free. 
I want to go to one but I'm nervous. .Never tried those meds but I hope they work.  Use your resources. Deep breaths.  One day at a time but with the same goal every day. Do not drink. Literally do anything you have to to keep from doing it. Doesn't take long to feel so much better. Perhaps the move is a good thing.  You'll have your foundation set and a whole new chance at life. 
[deleted]
