-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v0uul/its_been_too_long/

I haven't logged into this account for at least 6 weeks probably longer. I never forgot about it I kept thinking about saying 'hello' again but I never did until now. I even didn't go to AA for 4 weeks (until Friday 2 days ago)...I am actually still sober but I've put some bad times behind me. Sometimes I was close to relapsing but it was still manageable...I could tell you about all the things that are great in my life right now but that would be deceiving myself. I mean they're all true - I passed my final oral exam on Friday and thus finished my apprenticeship with a top grade top of my class. I've told most people close to me that I'm an alcoholic and there was not a single "bad" reaction. I'm still sober. All fine and dandy...But I am not. I've been in some dark fucking places in the last 2 months or so. I've done drugs during the first week of Christmas. Now those drugs I thought I had under control (unlike alcohol) but there was no enjoyment in it (there used to) even though I planned the whole thing made sure I had lots of time to recover during my vacation so it wouldn't interfere with my work. There was no reason to feel bad at all about what I did. Yet I did feel bad. I had a really bad conscience for several days I can't even explain it...Once work started again on the 6th I was immensely relieved because I finally got back into my daily rhythm and didn't have any time to dwell on the stupid things I did. My life has become really weird. For over 10 years being drunk or high was the highlight of my life. Looking back it seems that everything revolved around that. I have no idea what my life revolves around now...Well yeah I have to start applying for jobs now that I finished my apprenticeship. My life these last few months revolved around exams and now that I'm done it's about finding a job. But still that's only temporary and it seems like there's nothing else. I have no idea what my life should revolve around once I find a job. I have no idea how to switch the focus. I am doing fine being sober right now and I am not scared of relapsing (with alcohol) anymore. I mean occasionally I have a drinking dream and I wake up and am relieved but that doesn't equal being scared. I spent my first sober birthday in 15 or 16 years in december. My first sober new year's. It wasn't too difficult either. I haven't "rewarded" myself with a beer after passing my final exam (what a "reward" that would be at this point lol)...Anyway besides the drugs around Christmas I also carried a lot of... I don't know if you can call it depression but because of all the pressure during the weeks of preparing for exams I spent a lot of time not-really-considering-but-thinking about just giving up. My CV is a horrible empty mess up until 2 years ago when the apprenticeship began. What if I don't find a job because of my CV? Then I managed a top grade (like an 'A' in the US) in the written exam and immediately afterwards I thought "shit now I *have* to reach an 'A' in the oral exam or my grade goes down (before that I was shooting for 'B' anyway just to not set myself up for disappointment). Pressure everywhere...Only now that I actually did score an 'A' in the oral exam as well I feel the pressure slowly lifting. And while I am kinda proud now looking back I didn't do well or acted smart - when it comes to myself I mean. I am so used to thoughts of suicide that they aren't even out of the ordinary for me anymore but in these last 2 months it was pretty damn annoying...I really never should've quit going to AA for 4 weeks. I shouldn't have stayed away from /r/stopdrinking for 6-8 weeks. It's just so typical for me. When I have issues 9/10 times I only start reaching out for help either when the issues have become huge or when they're over. I don't know why I don't learn from my past - it is ALWAYS better to turn to others for help. I don't know if it is shame or my low-esteem ('I am not worth being helped I don't want to waste anyone's time')...I don't know what it is but I hope I'm back here now...I am just so glad that I haven't picked up a drink. Might have pushed me over the edge. 102 days sober now. A couple days ago I broke the final barrier - now I am sober for the longest time in a row since my very first beer at age 15...Thanks...And as usual sorry for the spaghetti-like mess that is this wall-of-text posting...almost_functional
----------immediate responses--------

It's wonderful that you're here now. The path of recovery isn't necessarily  a strait one. I'm one of the people that benefited from therapy and anti depressant medication once sober. Getting all of that in line was a lifesaver. My path wasn't as strait forward as it sounds either. First I got a little therapy and the meds then I was able to understand my drinking problem got sober continued the meds and eventually a life crisis sent me back to therapy which transformed my life. My therapist recommended AA and it has made all the difference. 
What is important is to keep moving and resist drinking. Don't look at your shadow.
I wonder if it's a stress thing or what because I posted and read another it seems basically the same.  Huge stress followed by that being lifted a moment to breathe and then feeling like this life isn't good enough when in reality it is. .Top of your class? That's huge. Setting a realistic goal grade and surpassing it. Awesome.  All things you should feel great about but don't. ..You are right about AA if it was helping why'd you stop? Does it have to do with the taking up others time? I cut back on posting because I felt like that. Here I am a little time under my belt who am I to post taking attention from them when they might need it more. ..You (and I) are worth the post the meeting the time. Obviously you're dealing with depression.  Have you seen someone? I honestly think it crosses every mind but for it to be happening enough it's annoying should be a little worrisome but I'm not a pro. At least it's annoying because other wise in my unprofessional opinion your willing to accept those thoughts as ok. ..Welcome back. 
