-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v2ulv/looking_through_old_receipt_sheets_makes_me/

As someone who's a recent college graduate I don't have a lot of extra money to burn.  I do my best to stay on top of my finances so I maintain spreadsheets of all expenses I make...Today I decided to go back and look at spreadsheets from 2012 when I was still drinking.  I knew I was spending a lot of money on alcohol but I never really added it up.  I was surprised to learn that in my past days of heavy drinking I would routinely spend nearly $200 a month on alcohol.  Wow.  That was roughly ten percent of my monthly income at the time...I remember days when I would be staring into my empty food pantry at home knowing that I only had $20 in my account to spend on groceries for a few days until I got my next paycheck.  There were so many times in that situation where I decided to spend $10-15 on booze and $5-10 on ramen noodles to ya know really stretch my money (instead of just spending it all on food and not drinking for a few days).  I remember scraping together loose change to buy 40s at the local liquor store; and walking to the store so I wouldn't waste the precious gas since my car was running on empty.  Had I not been spending so much money on alcohol I probably could have made ends meet a little bit easier that I did...I'm so happy I'm not living like that anymore.  Today is eleven months since I quit drinking.  I've had two minor relapses since then.  But I've consumed less alcohol in the past eleven months than I would drink on some individual evenings.  Getting sober was hands down the best decision I've ever made in my life.  I don't plan to ever drink again and the thought of spending the rest of my life sober makes me really happy.  Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your graduation and also success with sobriety. Thanks for your uplifting and encouraging post. 
Nice! I save so much money on not drinking I treat myself to monthy manicures and pedicures with the extra cash. Don't forget to treat yourself occasionally and thank your sobriety for it!
Isn't it crazy?  It spills over into other budgets too.....My wife and I used to kill a 1.75L per night.  By the end we were drinking cheap vodka...Gordon's I think it was which was about $10 a bottle.  So that's $300 a month right there. ..On top of that are the bad decisions you make with $$ once you're drunk; the impulsive buys the restaurant choices the mountain of crap you eat at home while you're trashed etc. etc...I think when it was all said and done we counted up about 5-600 in extra spending per month that was directly due to drinking...God I'm glad those days are over for us...and for you too!  Congrats on your two months!
Welcome to sanity! Thanks for sharing your story. It all helps.
I had a monthly budget of 1000 /1300$ for "activities". Why so high? Because I was "young" and I have deserved to "enjoy" my life. I did enjoy the thrill of opening the bottle and drinking till a certain point but I have exceeded that point 95% when I was drinking. And the days after? The regrets? Doesn't sound like enjoying my life. 
[deleted]
http://s0.thejournal.ie/media/2013/05/slow-clap.gif..Good for you :)
This is good thing to hang onto when and if you do a 4th Step inventory.  ..Many years ago after my dear friend Carter got sober we went through his "checks"--for you Redditors too young to remember this pre-debit card era--most people did most of their non-cash transactions with checks.  Checks were (are?) a dangerous thing since you could "kite" a check to a creditor hoping that by time it cleared you had money in your bank account.  So as I was saying Carter and I went through about 5 years of his checks.  First the checks were what you would expect: groceries utilities rent and the stray substantial check to payout his bar tab somewhere.  The handwriting was clear and crisp although the ones he wrote to bars less so.  By the end of his drinking days the checks were mostly marked insufficient funds (meaning he truly had no money on deposit) and were for tiny amounts almost all scrawled to a local bar.  Here was graphic evidence of the wreckage of his past in the form of thousands of checks over 5 years.  I once thought Carter could have constructed an autobiography based solely on these miserable checks.  
Even just cutting out the 2-3 beers/drinks when out to dinner w my wife makes a big difference... Like $15-25 per time going out...which I much more enjoy either not spending or spending on another dinner out.
congrats
