-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v4pqr/need_some_help_understanding/

Good day all.......I've been lurking in SD for a little over a month now since I stopped drinking. It's a great place and thank you to everyone that posts it does help a lot. ..Let me preface this by saying that I'm not out to make myself look good or to put others down. I just want help understanding my situation a little better I'm sure there's someone in there that has dealt with this before...As I read a lot of new posters to SD (3 months or less) I see a lot of struggle within the first 60ish days. I've was a everyday drinker with at least one of those days of the week being very drunk. And through the last 40 days I've been through A LOT (Pending divorce troubles with the law troubles at work) and I've yet to crave drinking. I stopped cold turkey and havent looked back so far. The only challenge I had was the routine of coming home and having a beer. ..I still go to bars I still hang with my friends that drink and I've had no issue at all. No wants to drink. I'm curious has anyone else encountered this and if so was there a time where it all hit you and you relapsed and drank again?..Again thanks for being a great community and I'm just looking for some insight. 
----------immediate responses--------

I remember telling someone at AA that I still go out to bars and they said not to do it; I'd drink again.  They've been wrong so far.  ..You know yourself better than anyone else.  For me it was certain songs that made me wish for a beer.  I decided that I'd put a new association with those tunes.  I began vacuuming to Purple Haze.  ..Now hardly anything makes me think of drinking!  You seem to have replaced your routine of coming home and drinking with something else which I think is a good thing. ..I always think people will disapprove of me telling people how I did it as I did not do the twelve steps...I did like six of them though.  But yeah as much exposure to alcohol as possible so it just becomes another part of the background scenery.  .If you steer clear of it and then one day out of the blue you hear the almighty clank of beer bottles or the hiss of one opening that's when it will hit you in the face I think...Good luck to you.  I won't say ignore the naysayers; indeed give what they say some thought but you need to be in tune with yourself above all. 
Early in my journey I used to go to bars.  One time about 4 years ago.  New years eve actually I went to a bar with my friends in the afternoon.  They all knew my situation etc.  Anyhow I went to the bar to get a friend a pint of Guinness and a coffee for myself.  I got my coffee and brought it to the table and went back for the pint.  If you  know Guinness it sometimes spills over the side when it is poured.  This pint did just that.  Anyhow I brought it back to the table and put it down.  My automatic reaction was to lick my fingers clean which I did.  Well that set me off.  I didn't drink there and then as I would have seemed weak in front of all my friends but a week later I was in bits.  It had set off an unbelievable craving in me.   ..The point I am trying to make is that you have to be extremely careful when you are around booze.  For me that was my most recent relapse I relapsed hard and just about made it back.  ..I don't go to bars anymore unless there is a specific reason to be there and I am super careful.  I never buy booze for my friends and they respect my decision as well.  If I do go it is usually a cheap night to-boot.  Be very very careful and good luck.
Once I decided to stop drinking I vowed not to change my life other than to not drink.  It's worked for me.  I've even bartended a few times.  I can go to bars family events where everyone else is drinking and buy booze as gifts.  It doesn't bother me.  I have to look but I think there are beers in my fridge that I use to boil bratwurst.  I wasn't going to continue to let alcohol rule my life and by avoiding it it would still be in control.
I had gone years without missing a day stopped a few days ago and while I don't have any beer in the fridge or whiskey on the counter my wife did stash away our box of oh so delicious cab in a cupboard.  It's out of sight and I have been tempted to drink but I think that is because my drinking was always a method to mitigate anxiety and depression.  I'm trying to deal with those things in constructive ways now and for the most part I am doing okay.  When I have been tempted to relapse it was always because I was feeling anxious or depressed...Long and short I would say that if there was something that was causing you to drink like a trigger encountering that thing again would logically stir the desire for hooch.  If there was nothing like that I could see you not having the urge anymore after the decision was made...Either way good on ya for making it forty days.  And thanks for posting.  
