-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v524b/this_will_be_my_4th_time_and_the_only_time_im/

Time and time again I quit and start drinking until I'm depressed or do something stupid and then I quit again. I've had to stop doing stand up because I kept getting drunk and going on stage and not doing my best. I want to start but that means nerves bars and pressure.  My biggest reason for relapse: loneliness.  Everyone wants to go to the bar and I'm the guy who's not drinking so I don't go and then I'm the guy who's watching season after season of The Office alone.   I work in the Restaurant industry and it's just the lifestyle that comes with it and I'm so sick of it. How do you guys deal with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish you the best being in the stand-up environment and staying sober. I never made too much an ass of myself but there were times I really walked the line. I was doing it at a time when my drinking really started to escalate and I found that environment really kind of fed it. I encourage you to write a lot keep your notebook handy but be sure you are really ready before going back onstage. Incidentally Jack and Coke will always taste like comedy to me...Restaurant industry is tough too. But not insurmountable. Just take it one day at a time. Be really clear and present always kind of scanning for triggers and give yourself a break. Know that you'll probably be the one leaving early for a while (if your coworkers tend to drink after shifts as many in the restaurant industry do.) Your health comes first. Comedy a job etc... none of that can happen if you are in the gutter or dead. Self-love treating yourself as you would someone else with a diseaseetc. It all sounds trite but it is true!..Best wishes on the process!
&gt;My biggest reason for relapse: loneliness...I could never quit on my own.  There are people and places that will help you.  You need never be lonely again!
I work in the restaurant industry and don't drink. It's possible...Edit: I also stayed away from working with alcohol and still avoid tending bar...AA is a great option. I never felt lonely going to meetings.
Think you're lonely now? I went a lot of years being "social" and having fun with my friends. That ended somewhere along the way and I was just as satisfied sitting in my garage watching TV and drinking alone. Didn't really care either. Friends would stop by now and then which was okay but it really didn't matter. Meetingsinternetreading all helped me to get comfortable in my own skin sober.
We are here for you and we are happy to help. It sounds as if you already understand that expanding your life into non drinking events will help. That's really a huge step so just keep doing it. Daily contact with other people in recovery is also a valuable tool. Luckily we have this site. 
