-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v5a6x/vices/

One of the things I have been struggling with is headaches on a daily basis. Part of my non-drinking is medical which means there is also no smoking coffee weed or anything.. I really don't want to start taking Tylenol all of the time to deal with the headaches and am looking for a natural remedy or something I can hold on to. ..I find myself sometimes just craving something anything really. ..I've tried Oxygen enriched air and started taking some vitamins. Wondering if anyone else has experienced anything like this. ..I can't exercise for a while either so that is not an option.. ..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Exercise is a pretty broad term.  You can't do *anything*?  Can you take a walk?
I'm not a medical professional but when you quit so many mind and body altering substances at once that you may have used for perhaps many years your body needs some time to recover and also withdrawal...I'm a caffeine junkee and when I don't have it I get really terrible headaches. I couldn't imagine a nicotine withdrawal...Stay hydrated and talk to your medical professional about your symptoms.
Massage? Accupressure/puncture?
I hate to ask the obvious because it seems you're well versed in your medical problem but are you drinking enough water? My ex gets headaches unless he drinks an ungodly amount of water each day...much more than the RDA. Dehydration can definitely cause headaches.
I get headaches too and I also don't want to constantly be popping NSAIDS.  Pretty hard on the ole gut.  Here's some remedies I use...Tepid water.  I'll drink about a pint of it a go.  Sometimes that helps.  Like someone else said hydration.  Also gatorade.  Chug a big one.  Something about electrolytes seems to help my gourd.  ..I have read that rubbing ice on the big thumb muscle on your hand is helpful but I haven't tried it.  Another thing I do is to take my thumbs and find what is called the supraorbital notch above each eye.  It's right on your eyebrow toward the middle of your face.  If you place gentle pressure there for about a minute while relaxing your head and keeping your eyes closed it may help.  It does for me.  [Here's a graphic](http://www.upstate.edu/cdb/education/grossanat/imgs/skullantfb1.jpg) to make it easier to find...I think there may be some reflexology info on headaches out there too but I don't know too much about that...Hope that helps.
Caffeine withdrawal gives many people bad headaches; maybe it is just that.
If I stop all caffeine I get a dull headache that lasts up to two weeks. That's my experience... Maybe yours too? 
[deleted]
