-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v6nj9/had_a_pretty_horrible_relapse_but_feel_like_im/

Had a terrible relapse the day before last - the worst feeling of shame in my life. I feel today the shame has subsided and I'm feeling ready to get back on track. Last night I was feeling terrible but caught up with a non-drinking friend (someone who just doesn't drink). They bought me dinner and I avoided drinking - just had water and coffee after. Today I cleaned the apartment finished reading my book went for a walk drank coffee + water + lemonade only...Last month I stopped all drinking at home (not the easiest thing given there's a beer vending machine in my building) but I struggled with going out with friends. I went to a wine tasting event (perhaps a bad move) and convinced them that I was 'detoxing'. That went well but sure enough social functions piled up and gradually I was drinking over the holidays. I was in good company and still avoided drinking at home. While I got carried away I always got home safe and felt more or less in control. ..Then two nights ago I just lost it completely and had just the worst experience possible...The idea of moderation is now out of my mind. I feel quite comfortable being at home and controlling it day to day. But as life becomes more turbulent (changes introductions to new people etc.) I'm a bit worried as to how I'll react. Basically I can't live in a bubble forever and a life without friends interaction going-out etc. is pretty lame...I'm also going to see family and friends I haven't seen in a long time and their reaction upon seeing me will be 'let's get a drink'. I really don't want to go into a big 'I'm quitting drinking' spiel but at the same time don't want to make up some 'I'm detoxing' lie either... I suppose just some refusals claims of driving (which I'll be doing and have always done so responsibly) could work...Anyway thought I'd check in and if anyone has some tips they'd be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Basically I can't live in a bubble forever and a life without friends interaction going-out etc. is pretty lame...This is one of the reasons that programs such as smart or aa work.  There is more to it than that changing the things about us that caused us to drink so much in the first place among them
[deleted]
I think the hardest part for me was the belief that my *life would end* if I didn't drink.  I didn't want to be black-out drunk anymore but I was still romanticizing wine.  The thing is my new life is so much better.  No hang over no black-out my wife and I are so much closer (it's like the a second honeymoon).  My anxiety meds are working so much better...Maybe it's time to level with a friend or two.  Tell them that you are taking a break from drinking.  Level with them if you have to.   You'd be surprised how supportive *good* friends are.
I just dropped the thousand pound weight of deception. I walked my path of sobriety in as rigorous an honesty as I was capable of. (Sorry for clumsy sentence structure.) As I went along there were more and more psychological burdens I was able to abandon. Life is freer more joyous. I never hesitate to speak my truth although I do have to work to keep that gentle sometimes.
&gt; I'm also going to see family and friends I haven't seen in a long time and their reaction upon seeing me will be 'let's get a drink'. I really don't want to go into a big 'I'm quitting drinking' spiel but at the same time don't want to make up some 'I'm detoxing' lie either... I suppose just some refusals claims of driving (which I'll be doing and have always done so responsibly) could work...Be honest with yourself. Is this an excuse? If you don't tell people you're quitting alcohol naturally they're going to offer it to you. If you're here your alcohol consumption is out of control and you need to quit for good right? You need to tell people-- at least the important people that you're finished. Then they can hold you accountable. Make it socially awkward to drink. Make it taboo. Make it so that if you cracked a beer around close friends they would feel uncomfortable. 
Excuse to make for not drinking: when it's people I don't know well and they don't just take "no thanks" for an answer I like "my blood pressure is kind of iffy have to stay away from it."  Depending on your age this could be the fallback response.  Or "my blood sugar" if you're overweight etc.
This is something you can probably get around with clever excuses and I understand the need to use those things to dodge some anxiety sometimes but really being honest may serve you better in your quest to be sober.  This may be an opportunity to galvanize your recovery some by defining who you are quitting drinking for.  It is for you.  And your opinion of your drinking habits are more important than the opinions of other people no matter how much those people mean to you.  ..Here are 2 immediate benefits I see...1.  By being honest from the start you will have some accountability with more people.  Even if they are detractors.  And if they are you can use their negative words as bulletin board material.  Motivate yourself to prove them wrong.  Not to rub it in their face or anything like that as they are people who mean something to you so you don't want to be mean to them but I think it would be helpful to hear what they have to say and then be able to tell yourself "I am not the person they think I am and I prove that I am better by not drinking"...2. Second maintaining your integrity (keeping your promise to yourself to stay sober) and allowing other people to know the full truth about you and deciding not to bow to fear of their opinions will help you keep a solid sense of who you are.  You are fighting for yourself here and if you decide you are going to continue to fight for your sobriety in the face of the opinions of others I think it will strengthen your resolve...Please bear in mind this is just my opinion.  I don't mean to discount the opinions of others who have posted.  This is just how I am going about my sobriety at the moment and it feels right to me. 
