-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1va045/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Not letting shitty things get to me...Struggle: Shitty things happening...General chat: F winter...Have a great 24 hours folks!.
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph: I think I've turned a corner with this cold.  I've had bronchitis and an ear infection since last Monday.  I've been home for 9 days straight.  I have been working from home but I've basically lived my life either on my couch or in my bed for 9 days.  I guess this is really a struggle but not only did I not drink it hasn't been a consideration.  So that's good.  Even when I was having some trouble sleeping the thought to have something to drink to help me sleep didn't enter the equation...Struggle: I'm finally starting to get stir crazy...General chat: *cough* *cough*
Triumph: Once again getting my HealthCare situation straightened out. My case has been "Escalated" and the Govm't is on it!..Struggle: Insurance Company enrolled me in the wrong plan! Spent 2 days trying to straighten it out! Almost all of that time I was on hold trying to get through to a rep. They dumped my call after lengthy auto menu gauntlets 3 times. And that was my insurance company! ..General Chit Chat: I'm an ace when it comes to Customer Service and it makes me proud!
Triumph: made my 30 days and going to my fave meeting tonight for dat chip!..Struggle: good friend is in town for the last visit before he moves out of the country. Lots of old emotions from our times together getting dragged out plus lots of drinking around his visit. ..General chat: green things are coming out of the ground here in the South! i'm so done with winter. 
Triumph: an honest to goodness professional model in my meeting told me she "liked my style." I was about 60 pounds heavier last June and no one liked my style. For about three years I considered myself an unlovable garbage pile. Holy shit you guys that felt like a million dollars. Is this one of the promises? Beautiful babes will call you attractive in a roundabout way? ..Struggle: I have a company party tonight. The company knows my deal and it's a dinner at a restaurant so it shouldn't be too crazy. But I have another party tomorrow night. A coworker from my old agency (with whom my current company still works) is leaving. They don't really know my deal. A few do but I'm not sure if they'll be there. My sponsor isn't in town but I'm going to bookend the parties with talking to him. Will do the old Irish exit if I start to get itchy. I know I got this but this with the looming 90 is a bit of pressure.
Triumph: My ego has been rearing it's ugly head and I am in the process of engaging back into some spiritual practices that have helped me in the past. ..Struggle: Ego. I was all victimized about how other people have opinions about me then I realized that's their shit not mine. The last week has been interesting...General chat: Birds are chirping outside! It feels like spring here!
Triumph: things Are good. I've set myself up to pass this semester with flying colors. I have friends &amp; a healthy boyfriend &amp; yay...Struggle: I have contempt for my landlord &amp; it's getting to me. Three of us live in a house &amp; she surprise rented the room to someone we don't know. Who has multiple theft misdemeanors. And an 11 year old son who has some perv issues. And now my landlady refuses to get the locks on the doors fixed. It is inappropriate for a 26 year old grad student to give open access to her bedroom to an 11 year old boy she's not related to. That's that. I don't live in a halfway house or sober living I paid to live with girls I work with. Not a child in a non-childproofdd house. I feel so disrespected (because of how our landlady responded to our concerns) and so unsafe in my living situation I want to explode. .Instead my other roomate hired a locksmith &amp; we're all getting locks and paying ourselves (the issue is $$ with our landlord.) and I'm also letting people know I'm considering moving if something affordable opens up.
Triumph:  Even though I'm only 5 days into it the urge to have a drink hasn't been as bad as when I've quit in the past.  Mentally I'm in the best place to quit drinking that I've been in a long time...Struggle:  Very stressed out with work deadline this coming Friday.  working lots of OT to make things happen...General Chat:  Think I need to get one of those light boxes to fight off S.A.D.  Tired of dark gray days thanks to air stagnation.  
Triumph: Made breakfast for kid before school today (eggs sausage toast juice) and ate with her...Struggle: Still need to find new work...General chat: Feeling good about myself despite shitty job...Carry on.
Triumph:  Once again reached the point where I rarely think about drinking...Struggle:  The rare times that I DO think about drinking.  Which are exclusively when I'm worrying about the future.  Reminding myself "It's normal to stress about a stressful situation.  Breathe.  Stay busy. Let things unfold."..General chat: About to caulk my entire 94 year old garage from top to bottom.  Love old houses.  But I also love clean garages.
[Uh oh!  Guess what day it is...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBhP0EQ1lA)..to the moon!
I don't really have any triumphs this week.  Nothing but struggles.   I have a crippling fear of the dentist and yesterday my permanent retainer broke off my one of my bottom teeth taking a piece of tooth with it.  So now I'm in pain with a jagged piece of metal just hanging out.  Now I have to find a dentist (haven't been to one in like 7 years probably) and screw with that.  Which will probably mean a big old bill...Then I felt a lump on my chest a few weeks ago that when I palpated it yesterday it was quite a bit bigger.  So that's more medical bills getting seen by a doctor for that...And on top of all of that I watched Sherlock a few days ago and there's a scene where they get incredibly drunk on beer.  But in the show they're not exactly alcoholics.  It's really the only time you see them drink to excess.  And it looked so much fun to be drunk on beer with a friend.  It's the first time in a long time where I wished I didn't have a struggle with not drinking...At the end of the day I know that drinking won't fix any of those problems.  My teeth will still be jacked up.  That lump will still be there.  I'll just have a hangover and my budget will be ruined for the month (knowing me it'll be ruined for the next 2-3 years given my previous experience with drinking)...I am concerned about seeing the dentist and dealing with sedation and pain medicine.  I've never been a pill popper but I have had prescriptions in the past that made me a little wonky. Every time I had them it put my guard down and made me want to drink.  To be honest I'm scared of seeing the dentist for a lot of reasons and I know I'll need something to sedate me and deal with the pain so it's less traumatic for me.  But I am scared of the fact that I'll probably want to drink after taking anything and that's going to be rough. Thankfully  I know my wife will keep me on guard though...Sorry for the wall of text.  This is just the first Wednesday in a long time I've had any kind of real struggle.
Triumph: Today I noticed that the obsession with alcohol is slipping away a little. I still on my brain quite a bit but I have been able to go for an hour or so at a time without even thinking about it..Struggle: Having a hard time staying motivated at work. .General Chat: I want to watch season 4 of Downton Abbey but I need to finish seasons  2 and 3 first. It sucks because I have heard too many spoilers anyway... 
Triumph: Went for a run despite having a cold (and my daughter having a cold- her first. Poor thing.)..Struggle: Some sucky stuff at work. Worries about rebuilding my relationship with hubs. But really nothing notable- and I am hugely grateful for that!..General Chat: I'm doing a half marathon on April 6 my first since I was like 24 weeks pregnant last year. After 10 months of trying to "get by" on doing videos at home or whatnot it feels so good to have a goal and be doing something totally for me.
Triumph: stayed sober for 3 days during a conference I have drinked at every year for the past 11 years..Struggle: getting to day 4 of sobriety. Picked up another chip Monday..General Chat: I need to remember that I cannot moderate. I need to get through tonight to get to day and not fall in the same trap. Someone will definitely offer me a drink tonight. I do not "deserve" a drink. I do not want a drink. I know what that will lead to. I want day 4.
Triumph: Girl i am privately teaching passed her exams. Always makes me feel good when that happens!..Struggle: Need to make some serious life decisions that are going to be hard. Not drinking to deal with it though as it doesn't help anything...General Chat: Snow on the mountains time to go ski!
I like this thread :)..Triumph: 11 days back on track. And I've got about 10 regular students now so at the end of the month I should have a little money (woot). I got some nice feedback from some of them too which made me feel good :)..Struggle: Have discoverd that I f--king hate looking at houses/househunting/anything to do with houses. Can't wait to find a place to live. But the process is head-wrecking...General chat: .&gt; [ ]offtherocks710 days 2 points 2 hours ago.    Uh oh! Guess what day it is....    to the moon!..I've seen "hump day" so many times....and never knew what it means. So I finally looked it up because that camel. Today I Learned :P
Triumph: 15 days and it seems to get a little easier with each one passing..Struggle: I haven't informed a lot of people about my decision to stop drinking so I still get  pressure from co-workers etc. ..General chat: I've been a workout machine lately! 
Triumph: Sober for over a month absolutely no cravings for booze.  Brain fog is slowly but surely lifting..Struggle: All the health issues masked by alcohol are slowly starting to surface..General chat: Sherlock series 3 soon!!!! :-)..This subreddit rules!! 
Triumph: Took a sick day for a cold and felt less guilt than usual since I have no doubt that it's a real sick day. Six months ago I would have had trouble distinguishing my symptoms from a the usual hangover and might have powered through only to get bronchitis later...Struggle: Respiratory issues sure do make me think of whiskey for relief. ..Chat: Treated myself to a microwave brownie in mug today (from scratch) and it ruled..
Triumph: Feeling really good about myself. Pep in the step I think I look better too younger more vibrant. ..Struggle: I am seeing an old friends soon and would love to have a drink with them. Maybe I'll just just drive them around and be the hero instead. ..General chat: Having 2 kids under 5 will keep you on the go go go............
Triumph: Got a sponsor..Struggle: May have lost my job due to this medical leave that they allowed me while I detoxed...General chat: I want to play video games SO BAD but I'm waiting on a power cable to come in from monoprice.com. I need distractions to fill all this free sober time with but I'm not in the mood to work out right now.
Triumph: Settled a nasty business dispute and got rid of a dead weight partner. All systems go. ..Struggle: Put a good friend to rest last week. Moving on and not hearing her laugh is the struggle. ..Chat: Problems and resolutions seem to cycle. In November-December they piled up. Now one by one they're getting sorted out. Not getting phased when they're piling on is what we old people call wisdom. Untangling them methodically and intentionally is what we call judgment.  
Triumph:  on Saturday I turn 40 and on Sunday I have 1 year.  While running at lunch I had a moment of realizing how deeply happy I am.  Boom!..Struggle: nothing I can't handle today...Chat: life seems to be moving so fast lately.  
Triumph: Made it to day 3 after an especially ugly month long bender. I feel great at work I'm not as irritable as I worried. I've even been meditating. ..Struggle: by 3 p.m. I feel like a heaping pile of poo. My only desire to drink is to mask the complete exhaustion. I really don't want to drink it sounds horrible I just don't want to feel like a bag of sand. ..General Chat: jealous of those of you that say it "feels like spring" it's freezing and snowing here. Weather definitely isn't helping my energy levels or attitude. 
[deleted]
triumph: my cold is getting better and i can taste food again. organized my lego minifigure collection and overall keeping the house pretty clean. cooking instead of eating wendy's cheeseburgers all the time...struggles: it has been a looooong last week and a half at work. lots of pressure and deadlines and rumblings that we're going to lose our biggest client which means Very Bad Things for the company.
triumph: two weeks alcohol free and enjoying feeling healthier and stronger mentally...struggle: still get anxious and dealing with a bunch of shit at work that make me look forward to drinking when i get home...general chat: 80 degrees today in So Cal
