-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vgvx1/im_tired_of_this/

I'm not normally one for posting on here but I know that everybody on this subreddit will be best to help and confide in. I have being drinking quite heavily for nearly three years of my life (only 19) but I was always still functional and managed to sail through the days without anyone noticing a thing. I have attempted to stop a few times but it never works out and the majority of my friends either don't know about my struggle or do but still want to go to the local bars/pubs/clubs which is extremely difficult for obvious reasons when attempting to stop. However these past few months have been horrendous. I sometimes get up and I can't believe the date where have the past three days gone? I finally plucked up the courage to say this is enough and I don't want to live my life this way anymore. I knew it was bad and that I had become an alcoholic when my hands would not stop shaking my skin was all clammy I couldn't concentrate on my studies anymore and the heart palpatations that followed when I attempted to stop. Scared I went to the doctor and he has given me Chlordiazepoxide to take (four a day) and then cut down over the next few weeks. I have decided to come here and make the choice to be abstinent. I know I am only young and a lot of my life I am going to be surrounded by alcohol but I have seriously harmed myself through these past years. My liver wasn't that great before I started drinking due to having anorexia when I was younger but I know the alcohol has affected my way of thinking and it scares me to say that my ambition of being a nurse may be damaged too because of my lack of being able to concentrate..I'm hoping that my head will become clearer and I will be able to concentrate more once the alcohol is being flushed completely out of my system. I don't know if this is just me but did any of you just become numb through the addiction? Like you just didn't feel or have any emotions anymore? That's how I pretty much feel now but I never used to feel this way. I used to be so kind and caring and always go out my way for others but I'm not any of those things now. I hope that the old me will also return but I'm not sure that it ever will after living like this. I hope that I can do this but I am determined and sick of alcohol and I know that you guys will support me. .Thanks for reading I just needed to vent this all out (sorry if the writings all over the place typed this on my phone)..My names Joe and I'm an alcoholic. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome Joe.  Good luck.
&gt; did any of you just become numb through the addiction? ..Hey Joe emotions are one (just one) of the things that alcohol fucks up big time. It takes a while but I'd guess you can expect changes to start happening if you don't drink. First maybe clarity in thinking and then maybe a better handle on emotions--and by that I mean not simply reacting to situations but feeling them and being able to empathize with others...That's my experience. Took several months for this to kick in. Some say that while we're drinking our emotional development simply stops. So in some ways you may have the emotional development of someone much younger than your 19 years. ..But you get that back and it's pretty great to recognize that when it's happening. You feel the feels and most important in my experience are able to deal with the emotional ups and downs of life without dumping poison down my gullet. ..Good luck. You're smart to seek support from multiple sources--your doc this sub. What else are you planning to do?
Welcome to recovery. Knowing what you now know about you and alcohol is the most important part of it. The rest isn't easy but you have this truth to use for determination when you begin to forget. Keep in touch.
[deleted]
Your story sounds very similar to mine. I definitely have felt very numb to emotions entirely for the last few years and that is one of the reasons I am embracing sobriety. .You can do it and you can become a nurse too (I'm almost done with nursing school!). Earlier semesters would have been a lot easier and more enjoyable if I wasn't hungover or craving my next drink through class and clinicals all day but I have a lot of hope for finishing strong...We're in this together. Best of luck!
Welcome Joe!  So glad you shared with us.  Keep sharing.
It may seem tough to see this now but choosing recovery now early in your life is so great ! ..Don't worry about the long term or your whole life.  Worry about that later.  Just focus on today ! ..Congratulations and welcome ! .
