-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vjbqq/telling_others_about_your_decision_to_stop/

Hi all I've posted before and just wanted to say that this is a fantastic sub-reddit and lurking these boards has helped me immensely to say sober for 16 days. I wanted to ask the following question and share a story.....Do you make an announcement that you've stopped drinking or let it come up organically?..I've been struggling with this. In many cases I've "announced" to my close friends that I am no longer drinking before a drinking situation comes up. However I didn't feel a need to tell people who are more peripheral to me (like acquaintances and co-workers)...However I was in a bit of an uncomfortable situation recently. On Fridays a group of us at work have an afternoon meeting that involves wine and cheese. Yesterday at this meeting my boss asked "Who wants wine?" and when I didn't say yes he made a fairly big production out of it asking if I was "on an antibiotic regimen" and telling me that he is just "shocked" that I'm not drinking in front of the group. This then led to a discussion about why I wasn't drinking and how long I plan to be "on the wagon." It made me wish I'd quietly told him before the meeting began about quitting drinking. ..Anyone else have suggestions about how you tell people or any stories like mine? Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I told my SO and parents about my decision to quit once I was about 5 days in. Letting them know made my decision final....it was my sort of no turning back now that they know. But with other friends I've just been ordering water and saying I'm driving etc. ..I recently read a book about quitting drinking called "kick the drink easily" and it stated that most people who give you a hard time about quitting have a problem themselves. Most other drinkers could really care less about you not drinking. Congrats on the sobriety and it's no one else's business about you making a wonderful life decision. 
Wow.  I can't imagine it getting any worse than your wine and cheese situation.  I'm picturing twenty people standing in a circle around you and grilling you with your boss writing a brainstorming web on the whiteboard about "why LadyJulieC isn't drinking right now."..I struggle with this too.  I've been letting it come up as organically as I can but it never actually works out to be organic.  Instead it usually comes out abruptly when someone wants to do something involving heavy drinking.  But the good news is that it usually goes over okay.  I doubt that wine &amp; cheese reaction will be the norm for you..
I made announcements to my friends first. Pretty much all of them over the course of a couple weeks. ..I just avoided the subject at work for a while. I told two work-friends quietly. We had our annual open bar holiday party in December and I did privately tell my boss that I had stopped drinking. I don't remember exactly the reason I gave but there are so many reasons to abstain that it wasn't hard to think of something. I also brought a friend with me to the party and drank pineapple sodas and had him order them for me because I was nervous and didn't want my brain to betray me. ..I had an awkward incident with two coworkers a couple of weeks before the party. They joked about me getting drunk and I said I wouldn't be doing that this year. I tried to leave it at that and one said she'd pour shots down my throat. I got super irritated and said "if you do that I'm leaving." The room felt so fucking awkward. I then added "I haven't had a drink since August and I don't plan to have another one."..I wanted to cry. I think I did a little. But there was no incident at the party. I don't know if they told anyone else. I mostly don't care. It gave me a little extra self respect to stand up for what is important (crucial really) to me when it was hard to do so. ...Sorry to write a novel but this was something I thought about a lot too. .
I don't say shit.  There are 4 people in my life that have suspected that I had a drinking problem: parents and step-parents.  Of them I've admitted/told 2 and that was only after they cornered me one morning basically calling me out with the 'you're doing nothing with your life' stuff.  Ironically they did this every time I was getting sober because I wasn't fun to be around and I would hole up in my apartment for a couple of weeks to get through withdrawal.  So the conversation went something like "I'm 13 days sober the longest I've been sober since I was in high school.  Now will you please shut the fuck up?"  (since that moment they've been very supportive)..For everyone else it's none of their business.  I don't say anything and if someone presses the issue I just tell them I'm on medication or I'm on call for work or I have an early tee time tomorrow I'm eating clean for the month I'm taking my training more seriously etc.  It helps if these things aren't a total lie of course but it'll kill the questioning...I don't broadcast the 'I don't drink anymore' thing because I find putting it in terms of "I will never drink again" counter productive mentally.  If I relapse it'll just fuel my self loathing encourage a longer bender and everyone that knew I was done would have their "oh boozo is drinking again" judgments. 
My coworkers and I drink (well past tense for me...drank...) socially sometimes too and that one was tricky.  With friends I didn't care too.much about what people knew and when.  If they didn't like it honestly I didn't want them in my life anyway.  With family I knew they would be accepting and if not well same as with friends I guess.  But you can't be like that with coworkers.  I'm going to probably be working with some of these folks for the next two decades or so! Whether or not I like them!  And I need their continued professional respect whether or not we like each other.  ..Anyway here's what I did.  I "casually" inserted into conversation (perhaps a conversation I had helped steer toward the subject) that I had quit "for a while at least." I did this before any social drinking situation arose and I did it one on one with I think three people each of whom I know is a gossip.  I intimated without exactly saying that there were health reasons involved (while also clearly stating that I'm NOT PREGNANT since I'm in my thirties and married so obviously my main function in life right now must surely be to reproduce....)..Um now that I type all that out it sounds all strategic and Machiavellian.  But really I just wanted to make sure I was clear on it with folks prior to any drinking situation and also without them knowing too much of my personal business.  ..LadyJulieC I will add that a coworker from another dept later made a Big Deal about it publicly (like your boss tho she was nicer than your boss I think).  And it just reinforced my decision.  Because this coworker was petty tipsy at the time and also I've heard several times about her being drunk at work social events and hungover at early morning work stuff.  So I think your boss is really concerned about (his?) own drinking as you and others here have said. He sounds like one of those loudmouth boss types!
I usually had a pretty easy time just admitting that I used to "drink like a fish!" and that "my liver needs a break and so do I.  It's a healthy decision."..If anyone gave me shit about it after that I would tell them that I had a tendency to abuse alcohol and was trying to grow up.  That statement is usually enough to get them to leave me alone.
Depending on your age/physical fitness the following might work for you as they have for me:..- "Alcohol aggravates my high blood pressure."..- "Training for a 5K (marathon etc.).  Drinking seems to set me back."..- "I'm losing weight since I stopped drinking alcohol."..Most of the time I just say no thank you without any explanation.  And usually this goes over fine.  In the few cases I get pushback I just mention a health-related reason.
I'm back working with an old company.  Last year I definitely drank with them and this year I'm definitely not.  If they care then I will let them care.  I don't.  No alcohol is going to touch my lips and no person is going to make me feel bad about it.  My sobriety is more important than a few glasses of wine after the event.
RUDE!!..I once had a dude offer me a drink and I told him I was an alcoholic in recovery.  He said "Come on just one drink."  I said "Show some respect dude!"..I knew I sounded bitchy but hell it just came out...The next day he started talking about how much he respects me while trying to make it seem like there was no connection to the previous day's conversation. LOL..Most people even the worst alcoholics I knew shook my hand and said "congratulations".   You get used to that and any other reaction seems well wrong...I think if anyone gives you grief you could maybe respond by saying something like "..by which you of course mean congratulations about making such a big step in your life??  Why thank you!"..
In my experience I found it best not to mention anything about trying to quit or no longer drinking when in a group of people. It's no one's business but your own and perhaps your nuclear family...I've also found that those who push after you've said "No thanks" to an alcoholic beverage are often those with drinking issues themselves they always want as many people to join in as they can to take the focus off their drinking esp. the excessive amount they drink...When one is sober if you are in the company of those who drink there will be always some who will pressure(mostly nondeclared drunks) and others who simply accept that no you don't want a drink and move on...Just carry yourself with grace and dignity. You do not have to answer to Anyone! Nor do you have any responsibility to explain your choices to any one...TL;DR.        Drunks make a big deal out of others non drinking. "Normal" folks accept and move on.
Own it. It's who you are now 
[deleted]
