-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vknwy/help_second_night_of_sobriety/

I feel absolutely pathetic. I finally made the decision to put my foot down (which I've been considering for months and been too weak to make thus far). Now I'm a measly day and a half in and STRUGGLING. When did my life start revolving around alcohol? I was so excited to make the decision and now here I am saying "well I'm bored what if I just go for one drink?" But honestly when has one drink ever just ended with one drink for me.. After nearly getting arrested the last time I drank (would've been a second alcohol-related arrest for me) and ONLY NOT getting arrested because the cops got an urgent robbery call and had to leave me why on earth could I possibly consider drinking right now/again?? My heart is pounding and I'm getting so anxious sitting here and I figured posting on here could do the trick. Can you guys help me get through tonight? Does it get any easier (I HOPE)??? Like I said I was downright thrilled and so happy about my decision. But I feel like I can't do it. I don't want to set myself up for failure by telling myself 'omg I can't do this I'm going to fail (if not tonight sometime' but I'm sort of despairing right now. Again I feel pathetic.
----------immediate responses--------

What withdrawal symptoms are you having?
Welcome. Glad you're here. I know that you might want to drink but remembering what it's like to be where you are makes me grateful I don't have to do that shit anymore...What are you drinking? Water gets super boring super fast. People really enjoy tea club soda and occasionally diet soda. You're going to want to watch it with anything that's got sugar or caffeine of course...If you're not sleeping you might find some company in the chat room (look on the sidebar). Read old threads and learn as much as you can about alcoholism. Read AA's [Big Book](http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_tableofcnt.cfm). Be forewarned; it's cheesy. To my chagrin however a lot of it applied to me and the program outlined in it has helped me...Don't forget; this is withdrawal and a lot of what you're feeling and thinking is strongly tied to that. Don't let your head convince you otherwise. If you hang in through this part of it it's going to get a lot better. Keep hydrated don't forget to eat good food if you're able and try to get a little exercise. 
I'm on my first day and felt the same way as soon as the drinking hour rolled around so you're not alone in this tonight. 
Maybe checking with a doctor about quitting would be a good idea. Alcohol withdrawal is serious. Keep an eye on your symptoms and if they get severe contact a doctor or go to urgent care. Inexpensive medication is available to prevent seizures lessen symptoms and make you more comfortable and safe. Take care. 
