-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vuht1/even_i_have_managed_2_months_without_alcohol_my/

So 2 months now. Thought I would give everyone a head up. I read my first post here on this subreddit and not a lot things have changed but i feel things are going my way more and more. .I manage to control any urges though the urges are mostly pshychological in a way that I dont want to miss out on things. I felt that in the beginning of my sobriety but then more critical. .My thoughts now is more turned around I almost feel stupid for thinking that I will lose friends just beacause I quit drinking. What kind of friends would that be? Friends wich i only have to share the drinking with? There s got to be more than that. And so far Im overwhelmed my closests friends dont mind at all. And that is ofcourse nothing weird about. ..I was going into a depression before and was extremely close to destroy my relationship with my girlfriend (spend the night at another girls apartment after heavy drinking and blackout) .There is deeper problems than just the drinking but I couldnt solve anything the way I chosed to live. I still feel miserable now and then but now I truly know that it is my real feelings. And that is one of the biggest things that made me quit I just behaved like I thought everyone around me wanted me to behave never said no to anything. .I do now I've got a lot better of listening to myself. And I feel so much more as myself now. I handled my feelings the worst way possible before I pushed everything away until I got drunk and everything had to come out. I think a lot of people do this. .The thing I love now and hate sometimes is to now escape. What I feel is what I feel no substances to interfere and max out happiness and sadness. A little less rollercoaster now wich is great. ..So far I have done this on my own well with support from my girlfriend ofcourse but no AA meetings or psychiatric help. That will be the next step. ..The last 2 months been a lot of time at home staying in and avoiding parties and other get togethers. I went with the easy way that scared me a lot at the beginning but with all your posts I understood that you do what you have to. ..Thanks everyone! Keep it up and let the struggle continue!....
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Keep it up. For me life just kept getting better. 
Glad to hear from you. You sound like you're in a better place. Keep moving forward.
Congrats on the 2 month mark you're an inspiration to folks like myself.  It's a bitch of a fight but considering what we've put ourselves through in the past we can definitely do it!
Congrats!
