-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vuk0o/down_the_rabbits_hole/

My painting studio is almost completely covered in dust by now.  I was a prolific painter for many years.  It helped keep my drinking at bay.  Eventually I couldn't even paint.  I was overwhelmed by anxiety work and my *hobby* of drinking had drowned out the motivation.  I still liked to go to the studio and move things around pretend like I was cleaning it or searching for ideas but it was primarily where I hid bottles of wine...This morning I was looking for a magazine for a friend.  I had gone through everything a few weeks back in an effort to find and dispose of any hidden bottles.  I guess I didn't look hard enough because this morning I found a bottle.  It frightens me a bit.  I have some time off next week following a huge project at work.  I need to dispose of the bottle wine and all...The haunting thing is that my wife is always home when I am and I would prefer the chance to toss it when she isn't around.  She has been supportive of my sobriety but fearful I will relapse.  For now it will have to sit hidden away until the weekend.
----------immediate responses--------

i understand you don't want her to see any bottles as it would feel like it's still a problem in front of her eyes. but if you explained to her and she saw you pour out the bottle it would be truthful and a further example of your commitment to this. If keeping it keeps some kind of door open in your mind get rid of it asap! no matter who sees. ..i've been slowly picking up my writing again but it's tough since i almost always drank and wrote. but it'll come i trust. i hope you get back into painting. 
Maybe if you throw it out in front of your wife it will show her your serious about sobriety and might ease her fears if relapse. ..I used to have many hobbies. They were all replaced by alcohol. I was miserable. In this past year I have rediscovered many of the small joys of life that I left by the wayside. I read so many books now. I love it. Jump back into whatever you loved and don't listen to the alcoholic voice in your head that might say "just one drink." If you're like me that 1 drink can and will take everything away. Again. 
I would encourage you to bring it down and throw it away in front of her with the same explanation of what you gave here - you found it and how it makes you feel. If she has seen what we have seen here your growth she will have to have seen the change in you thus far and should probably understand.  I fear that your reticence to throw it away now is your lizard brain playing tricks on you my friend.  
Why not hand the bottle directly to your wife and ask her to dispose of it? Now she's included.
When I first read this I wanted to write a long response on what it is you should do.  I wanted to tell you exactly what to do.  But then I thought sobriety is for those who want it not those who need it.  In order to maintain a life of sobriety it takes PROACTIVE aggressive steps on the part of the person who desires it.  PASSIVE reactive conduct leads to lies secrets and relapses.  .If you want to be sober; be the husband you promised your wife you would be when you got married; go back to the things you have loved in your life that truly can make you happy....well you know exactly what you need to do....
In my humble opinion I would go to her immediately say you found it and are tossing it. Just too many ways waiting until this weekend could go way wrong!
