-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vzafe/hi_im_new_and_am_trying_out_a_change/

Hi. I'm 21 years old and I've known I had an "issue"/something wasn't right since I was 18 or so. But over the past few years and especially the past few months I've just come to realize that nope I can't control my drinking no matter how how hard I try and have thought about "quitting" and read stuff on it but well now I'm actually going to try and DO it for a while. (As a note - sorry if this post is a bit rambly - I'm just trying to get my thoughts down and out there). ..Yesterday wasn't an unusual day. Showed up to work a bit more hungover/still drunk than usual and feeling like crap. I started at my job in November and it's nothing fancy (grocery) but it's for a company that's really great and treats its workers (and customers!) very well and I enjoy it and don't want to screw it up. I was talking to two of my coworkers (mid/late 20s) one who's a heavy drinker and the other one said something about how when he was my age he had a bad drinking problem and now... he doesn't drink!..Wow what a solution. I think he's cool friendly nice attractive (I might have a slight crush...) and now he's in a very locally successful band and spends many nights in bars. He said something about how it'll be 1 AM and everyone's drunk and he's just there drinking water and eating healthy food and still enjoying himself. I don't know that just amazed me to hear...He had a problem with drinking so he stopped. This improved his life and (while I am sure he has had his struggles) he continues to not drink. What a crazy idea! ..Another one of my friends from one of my numerous messed up stints in college recently sort of low key stopped drinking and was just in a rehab program and she has her issues too -- but I can see how she's still the same badass crazy bitch that made me love her so much without drinking. She's made changes to her life but she's the same lovely person. I was talking to her last night and told her how I planned on having today be my first day of not drinking (I had previously talked to her about alcoholism/addiction/admitted my issues before) and told her what I just said about her and she was very happy about that and flattered by what I said and told me to message her 5328 times if I needed to so that's good to hear...I was reading over this sub last night and saw another post by someone younger/in their early 20s and they said something about how they feel sometimes that they're missing out on "partying" "living it up" while they're young etc. but that in reality that's not what they were doing and that really they're just sitting buy themselves drinking. And that really resonated with me because I feel the same fear of missing out but I'm not "partying" I'm sitting on my filthy bedroom floor chain smoking and chasing shots of bottom shelf vodka with water until I pass out and then wake up and take two or three more shots and then go to work and feel like shit all day until I get home and repeat.....I know it's only day 1 but I feel somewhat relieved that I'm actually trying and making an conscious effort for once and just not lying to myself and saying that it's fine when it's not. I'm also scared at the same time just... scared but am actually happy to be making an effort and even if it doesn't work out in the end I'm just going to focus on the day by day...I have two main concerns right now: sleep and free time/boredom. I feel like sleep will suck for a bit but work itself out eventually but what do you do when you wake up rested at 10 AM and have no plans for the day? I'm going to have so much more time to do... things... and be conscious and aware. Haha from what I've read on here that's not an uncommon issue I'm just trying to figure out what to do to fill my time. Already today I've cleaned my room a bit and walked my dog 3 times since 2 PM and I would normally just have gone to the liquor store after work then spent the rest of the day drinking...I don't know. Nothing's really "making" me stop but I'm in a pretty good place mentally right now so now's the time that I'm going to make a commitment. Hello to you all hopefully I'll be around for a while. .
----------immediate responses--------

Wow...great post and good luck!  What you are doing is hard no doubt but if you are able to do it you will be amazed how much better your life will get..I think many people will say that boredom early on in your sobriety can be a mother fucker.  It will drive you crazy and right back to drinking.  I have a couple of suggestions:  First educate yourself as much as possible on the disease of alcoholism.  The more you understand it the better you will be able to take care of yourself.  Second lean on sober friends....a lot!  That is why your friend told you to text her 5328 times.  She knows what it is like.  Plus she probably needs a sober you as much as you might need a sober her.  Support groups are a wonderful place for this as well.  They will make you feel safe when you feel like you are going crazy from boredom.  I wish you the best.
you'll realize quickly that your sleep is 5x as quality as when drinking yourself to sleep.  waking up isn't such an impossible drag....as for free time you can do ANYTHING.  and thats probably overwhelming.  You no longer have to start drinking at 5 and stop by 9 to be conscious for work tomorrow for example.  ..its good that you are making these realizations young and before your health is at risk and its great that you have a couple of role models. 
Maybe hit up some AA meetings with that spare time?  Lots of recovery literature to read available for free online.  There's a list of some on the /r/redditorsinrecovery sidebar.  I'd like to see you get your body in a safe appropriate place and around people who are like you and can help you learn both about yourself and how to life sober.
Welcome. I filled free time with aa meetings. They helped immensely.
Congrats on your decision!  In regards to the whole missing out in college part - I can tell you from personal experience I wish I had "missed out".  People who are problem drinkers don't enjoy that time nearly as much as they would like everyone to think or as much as they want to convince themselves they are (at least in my experience).  I wanted so badly to have this awesome college movie experience and wound up more than a few times in a fight or face down on the street or in trouble with the law (school or city).  And all the things I loved before that?  Sports and volunteering and a million other things - I gave all those away.  That's what I really missed out on.  The past is the past and regret won't get me anywhere but if I can do anything with it it's help someone else realize there's so many more rewarding things you can do.  ..Which leads to boredom!  You're young do whatever the heck you want!  You haven't messed up your body too badly yet I'm guessing so get the heck outside and use it.  Or play an instrument.  Read an old favorite book.  Cook a favorite dish.  I'm just starting to get these precious moments back little by little (drinking is a full time job) and I'm trying to get myself to view it as exciting rather than intimidating - even if it's a bit of both :)  ..This was a great post and keep it up!  I've found this sub to be incredibly helpful.  They don't mind when I ramble on (or at least they don't tell me they do haha) and there's ton of great insight and stories.  And caring people.  When I'm feeling alone I browse through here and realize I'm not alone and other people are fighting with me.  Strength in numbers...Have fun living life!
Lots of insight--you seem to grasp that a life of drink is no life at all while a sober life can be filled with riches and connection to the authentic you.  You're right.
&gt;nope I can't control my drinking no matter how how hard I try..This is such an important realization! And at 21?! You're ahead of the game. ..&gt;He had a problem with drinking so he stopped. ..Haha what a simple solution so clear so straightforward... ..Day 1 is still an accomplishment! Go you! You got this!
Oh and I second /u/slorebear sleep is *amazing.*..When you first quit you really can't sleep. Find something else to occupy your mind (movies/netflix/books). I'm still working on what to do with all of my free time as well. I gave myself one month of eating for fun. Now it's time to move on... dedicating extra hours to my job the gym a new hobby...
Thanks for all of the replies everyone. I am feeling okay a bit tired I am feeling a lack of something. Hungrier than normal but my stomach's used to being more full anyway. My sister is here for the next few days I guess (she and my nephew live here on the weekends but no set schedule) and she's downstairs drinking beer (all she does) and I'm choosing not to join her.
It's good that you recognize alcohol as the problem now. I'm 27 but I went through some shit to the point where I actually identified alcohol as my problem. It was everything else wife kids work dad mom the world just didn't understand ME!..Once I identified alcohol as my problem the decision to quit became easy but I understand the further I get from my negative consequences I will get that feeling back that I'm in control again and ready to start drinking...The reality is I won't ever be in control when alcohol is involved in my life that's why I've got to remind myself daily and recognize when I'm showing signs of going back to my old behavior. .
Congrats - and you should be relieved! It's nice to have a series of realizations that actually make us want to change rather than just think about it in our heads. I'm not sure everyone gets that opportunity....I used to worry that I would miss out on having fun as well by not drinking but so far it has been just the opposite for me. I went to a party last week and left feeling like I was glowing afterwards. I had gotten to know everyone there and even felt like I had made a good impression. No one cared or noticed that I was drinking water and soda and I think I was even more witty fun and outgoing than usual because I wasn't preoccupied with whether my drink was full or not. It's also enlightening to see other people starting to get drunk when you are not. ...Starting to read Allen Carr's book has really gotten me thinking about how much advertising and programming goes into making drinkers out of us. If you watch TV there are so many casual jokes and comments about drinking (not just ads mind you) to make it seem like you're one of the cool kids who understands... or that drinking is just all in good fun and everyone does it. It's no wonder these ideas are so ingrained in us... ...Feel free to ride the "high" of your realizations they may help you get through the first few weeks. Above all be good to yourself. Sometimes when I'm not sure what to do with myself I just lie down on the couch and take a nap. It's hard to change so sometimes it's best to just surrender and let our dreams take over. 
I've noticed lately that the only time I wake up rested is when I haven't been drinking!  And I thought I just wasn't a morning person...I work 40 hrs/week so that keeps me pretty busy.  I have 2 days off.  On one of the days I attempt to clean my house (I suck at it) and I cook/bake.  I cook for my house.  I cook for my boyfriend's parents' house.  I cook for my friends.  I just made a bunch of pumpkin bread and it was a big hit!.On my other day off I go to my parents' house and cook for them and hang out with them for a while.  After that I watch movies or read.  Sometimes I go to the park sometimes I walk downtown and look at all of the stores!..I saw a post here the other day of a bunch of hobbies.....Welcome!  Good luck!  We're here :)
