-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vzgpw/starting_over/

I'm back everyone... not in much better shape as when I left. I'm 5 lbs heavier tons of $$ poorer and I have a cold...What has drinking again given me? Nothing...I'm heading out to my first meeting in about 3 months according to my badge. I'll be okay again. I have to try again...But I'm still dreadfully disappointed in myself. I feel like a loser who drinks too damned much. I feel like I have nothing else except for booze and honestly the booze doesn't even like me. But I insist on hanging out with it. Because sometimes it's the only thing that's left. The loneliness in my life is palpable. ..I keep telling myself "it'll be okay and I'll be okay... just stop drinking for a minute." But given my consistent record of relapses it's getting harder and harder to believe it each time I say the words. ..Hi everyone... I'm back. My name is KKitty and I am an alcoholic. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi KKitty! Welcome back...
Welcome back!  Get better please. 
When you go to the meeting make a concious effort to talk to some of the members.  Ask them questions and be honest.  Find out how they over came their afflictions.  It took me a long time to get sober but when I finally accepted defeat and asked people for direction things started to change for me.  Good luck kkitty.
Hi KKitty! So glad you made it back. What helped me with loneliness was getting involved in aa. Take care of yourself.
Hey KKitty I hope you can give yourself a break. You came back and that's really hard to do. And many if not most of us have taken multiple runs at sobriety made many experiments and (speaking for myself) lots of attempts. Hopefully whatever you learned can help you this time. Hang in there--your record doesn't matter. What you do today matters...
Hey KKitty good to have you back!
Hi KKitty welcome back.  I'm so glad to see you posting.  You're not a loser but let's get this damn disorder in your rearview mirror!
If drinking made me happy I would be dead by now. In other words...I traded my drinking habit for everything else life has to offer. I couldn't have both. Welcome to recovery.
