-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w1wka/i_cant_seem_to_get_over_the_hump_badge_has_been/

This marks my 10th or 11th time in which I've relapsed. They are all the same I say to myself that this time will be different. But I always justify that I can moderate. I end up drinking in bed for days at a time basically trying to drink myself to death. The sobering process is a huge reminder of why I quit. The pain loss of appetite and process should be enough to keep me from doing it again. But even with 90 in 90 almost complete I still couldnt remember a reason not to drink. If I keep this up I will surely die. When the hell will a psychic change occur. Why can't I seem to get over the hump. One day at a time I suppose. I have a job and a place to live. Do I need rehab? Sorry for ranting. My head is a blur. Maybe I'm not in the right state of mind so soon after my binge. 
----------immediate responses--------

Besides not drinking what other changes are you making in your life to change things?  Just the act of not imbibing alcohol isn't usually enough to improve ones life.  It only enables you to actually do the things you need to do...When I quit I used meetings therapy books talking with my wife this subreddit and the webchat as tools to learn how to live a sober life.  But I also went to therapy *with* my wife and learned to communicate better with her.  I learned to take feedback at work at face value instead of reading into everything.  I started using MyFitnessPal to track my calorie intake so that I could lose weight.  I started exercising more including picking up new hobbies to take up my time tire me out and help me to feel better about myself...In the last year I've become a much more patient person.  My expectations of other people have become much more realistic.  I am able to make mistakes especially at home and be able to work through them with my wife without it causing WWIII...Nothing changes if nothing changes.
hey there. I'm sorry you're having a rough time. You mention 90 in 90--are you engaging in the program? do you have a sponsor? you need really big support and structure right now. maybe rehab is the answer I can't answer that. But Step 1 is definitely relevant here:..you're powerless over alcohol. Moderation is not an option for you. Good luck and keep reaching out. 
Yes rehab would be an excellent idea. If possible grab the opportunity. It was one of the best experiences for me. You need the extra support that inpatient treatment provides. It makes it much easier to get over that "hump" and the education is a great foundation for recovery. ..As for AA. Having a sponsor and working the steps is invaluable. If you haven't done it taking that step is something to consider. Recovery is more than just not drinking. Get involved. 
10 or 11 times doing the exact same thing and feeling the exact same way?  Yes of course you need rehab.  You need to drastically change your approach to your disease.  And by this I do not mean your resolve.  You have to change your ACTIONS.  They say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over but expecting different results.  Your post screams of this.  Please go take some action to do it right this time.  If you won't go check yourself into rehab go to a professional place for an independent evaluation.  Answer all of their questions brutally honestly and then let them give you advice.  Then take that advice.  Good luck!
Rehab might be exactly what it will take. I know many people who bless the day they went to rehab. They didn't feel that way on the way in but even years later they know it saved their lives. You have to try everything. You deserve an awesome life.
"If you always do what you've always done you'll always get what you've always got." When you're in danger of relapsing you can call someone else from the program if you need a reminder of why you shouldn't drink. Preferably it should be someone who remembers what you were like when you first came in.
[deleted]
doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results = insanity.  so if you've been doing the 12-step thing time and time again perhaps it's time to try a different approach?  Vast majority will drop out of 12 step groups so don't beat yourself up if you find that approach less than helpful.   
[Its okay  nature will take care of it for you](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative-hypnotic_withdrawal))
