-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w2zyj/struggling_to_open_my_mouth_at_meetings/

I am nearly a year sober and consider AA vital to my recovery. However in the past 12 months I have been able to speak only once at a meeting and in general find I drift  in and out of the rooms with little more than polite hellos and goodbyes to the noble warm-hearted alcoholics whose sharing has done so much to keep me dry. I feel in my bones that if only I could reach out more the fellowship would be even richer for me than it already is. I hear all the advice: get numbers to call get a sponsor connect. And yet somehow I feel no closer to that. ..I think part of it has to do with the fact that being a freelance nightshift worker running on last-minute bookings I don't have a proper home group; I snatch meetings randomly whenever I can and I am lucky to live in a city big enough to make this possible. However I am struggling to pin down what it is in me that holds me back. Stumbling across this subreddit in the past week or so has been wonderful adding another layer of support and I find it easier saying stuff here than I'm able to in person. While I try to be gentle on myself considering it good simply to get my arse on to a seat in the rooms I know that I need to open up more in the flesh. Patience I keep telling myself.. .But I was wondering has anyone else around here come through a similar struggle? And how did you do it?.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a similar problem and the way I solved it was by taking up secretary at a meeting.  It gave me a reason to talk to other alkies and get their numbers for chairs etc.  It would mean committing to one meeting for 3 mths but it is worth it in the long run. It worked for me anyhow.  Good luck.
I have almost 8 years sobriety and still have trouble sharing. I rarely pass but a lot of times I don't like to share. I am getting over this by simply relating where I am today. It is the trueth and most of the time not really meant as advice. Not that anyone would openly call BS but it can't be done since it's my life and my stuggles or accomplishments that I'm sharing. I still kind of clam up when the God thing comes up but I've found there are others out there that share my feelings. I just would never want to steer someone in the wrong direction.As long as you're honest and talking about yourself and where you are you should be good. Now if I can just take my own advice
I have a "thing" with speaking at meetings too. The way I've worked around it is making myself stick my hand at up first call otherwise I will talk myself out of it or end up just enjoy listening to the others. Plus this way I'm not thinking about what I might eventually say when others are talking and not fully taking in their sharing.  I have the opportunity to be present and engaged while listening to every one else. ..Regarding the sponsorship:  just do it. There's no easy way if you have any type of social anxiety besides just biting the bullet walking up to someone sticking out you hand and saying "Hi I really need a sponsor. Would you be willing to be my sponsor?"  It's even okay if your palms are sweaty. ;-)
Sounds like anxiety. I dont have that problem myself but if this were me I would try and determine that anxiety was the issue and find advice on that topic. You can figure this out. Come back here and give us an update. 
The way I did it was start volunteering to read at 12x12 and Big Book meetings. This allowed me to speak up on meetings without having to "put my own thoughts out there". Once I got used to hearing my own voice in a room I then began sharing my own thoughts in addition to the reading. ..I just did it. My sponsor pushes me to share and open up and hold me accountable. I start every meeting by walking the room and introducing and chatting with people so that way when I share I don't feel like they are strangers. I got comfortable being uncomfortable and this has slowly creeped in my life outside of the rooms as well. I've never been more free in my life.
Is there a meeting early morning perhaps that you could catch after a shift and or still go to when not working?   Becoming a regular is important...  That way you get to know people etc...
Once I stopped trying to plan exactly what I wanted to say things got easier. I would over think it and either let my ego talk me out of sharing or end up completely forgetting my point when I did share. Now I just focus on what my point is and share from my heart and not my head....when I can manage it.
After 30 years I still feel anxious about speaking at meetings.  I do it because unless I articulate how I feel I believe my recovery will be more difficult. If you have the opportunity to socialize with group members or speak to friend/sponsor it will help too. I prefer to see someone new (although a year is hardly new) listening rather than controlling a meeting.  We have all been there. I know many people who have been quietly sober in AA for many years. However if this bothers you it needs to be dealt with.
[deleted]
I imagine that if you read my posts on this subreddit you would imagine that I don't have any problem sharing at meetings but that's not true.  In fact for the first year I sat in my chair listening and trying to stuff my anxiety and emotions.  I was afraid to share because I knew I was prone to weep (I was facing significant and frightening legal consequences.)  Sometimes the best I could do was listen attentively and get to bed sober each night--and I did.  I ended up going to federal prison and dealing with all of my legal consequences one day at a time.  That's in my rearview mirror and this dark past of mine is my resource in sobriety to encourage others to stay the course to take it one day at a time.  As long as you stay sober it will get easier I promise...P.S /u/rogermelly1's recommendation is terrific.  In my area the "Chairs" of meetings change monthly and they choose the discussion topic or select the lead speakers.  That might be a good way to break the ice too.
