-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w5rvf/i_slipped/

I received some bad news 2 days ago and took the easy option. The sick part is i intentionally used it as an excuse to drink. At first i lied to myself and said i will use this as a test to prove i can control my drinking. I dont remember half the night nor how i got home. I woke up with the worst hangover. 46 days without booze and my body couldnt handle this poison again. ..I feel ashamed of myself and embarrassed. ..I just finished reading Mike Tysons autobiography. Great read and in it he says that relapse is a part of recovery. As i read the book i felt like he was using that statement as an excuse to relapse. Like he was giving himself permission because you know its part of recovery. Its bullshit is what it is. I did the same thing. ..Time to start again. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;that relapse is a part of recovery...I nearly died (literally) when I heard that in a treatment centre.  Took me a long time to get back into recovery.  Fuck that!  
Yes. I agree.      .Piling on relapse is a part of recovery **only if you survive** ..Glad you are back but don't take recovery as a guarantee.
We have addict brain and it takes a period of applied learning to circumvent that constant default to wanting to drink. We can do it we just have to be vigilant and apply perseverance. Even when we have no idea that we posses those qualities (we do). Welcome back.
Don't beat yourself up! We're alcoholics. It's what we do. I know lots and lots of happily sober alcoholics but very few who have never relapsed..I think of it this way: relapse is a part of recovery if you survive and learn something from it. I mean this in the sense that for example WW2 taught the world a painful lesson about racism and blind obedience. That doesn't mean we should have another one just to learn even more but simply that it's our duty to learn from what happened and use that knowledge to prevent it from happening again..Take care welcome back keep working on yourself!
