-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w772b/at_7_days/

All I've wanted to write a first post for a while and a nice round number like 7 seems as good a spur as any for doing so. I'm one of those for whom alcoholism blossomed in middle age. I'm 44 now and for the last well it's hard to reckon exactly but let's say for the last 5-8 years I know I've been drinking too much 1 or 1.5 or 2 bottles of wine a day. I knew I needed to cut down and no one here will be surprised to hear that my subsequent attempts to drink like a normal person didn't work at all. If I limited myself to a sensible amount I felt cheated and obsessed all evening in misery about maybe having "just one more". If I gave in (often did!) and drank as much as I wanted I felt miserable too just in the other direction: drunk and sloppy in the moment hungover and ashamed in the morning for things I said empties I hid around the house. .I started reading this subreddit a few weeks back and it was all of you and the friendly helpful hopeful atmosphere here that encouraged me to give full abstinence (must find better term than that) a try. .I've had a great week not without struggles but a really positive and at times exhilarating experience. I did not expect abstinence to be like this: I thought if cutting down sucked not drinking at all would be worse. Wrong. .Before this gets too long I just want to say some of the things that really helped me get through the week all of which I learned here..."urge surfing": a neat mindfulness technique that I read about here was confused googled it and now I'm hooked. When it works and for me it usually does finding a way to stand outside a craving and observe without judgment is powerful stuff. ..Taking care/pampering of oneself: all the advice here about eating nice healthy meals and not being stingy with good dark chocolate and cookies really helps me. Ultimately I don't know why it helps but munching away on a good bar feels like both a reward and a great distraction. ..Pride. My daughter (6) had a nightmare on Th night and called out for us. I heard her and went in and did the whole 'there there dear' thing. Two weeks ago I would have slept right through that. A little thing but it felt so very good. ..Reading this subreddit is a multiple times per day thing for me now. I really have benefitted so much from the stories here and the advice and the encouragement and I know I'll continue to do so as I try to find a way to keep going forward. Thank you...I don't know what the future holds but for all it's challenges this has been one of the best weeks for me in many years. I'm on board to have a much bigger number going forward. ..So thank you stopdrinking I really feel like I found you just in time...tl;dr middle-aged alcoholic finds way to start helping himself by reading stopdrinking
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at 7 days too. Congratulations! Keep up the good work.
Thanks for posting - good luck with everything! Yeah I think healthy meals are super important. We need all of that nutrition to help ourselves recover and keep our brain chemistry from going completely whacko. :)
As opposed to "full abstinence" I am giving "thoughtful (joyful) sobriety" a shot. The only thing I'm saying "no" to this year is picking up a drink... my other resolution is to say YES more than I say NO. Knowing I can make a dentist appointment for three weeks from Thursday and not have to wonder whether I'll be too drunk to show up. Knowing if my morning run doesn't happen on a Sunday I can just do it when my daughter takes her afternoon nap because I won't have had any drinks at brunch. Really way WAY more yesses than nos to this "total abstinence" thing...WELCOME!!..And to those reading along and wanting a "nice round number" too it doesn't get rounder than 0. Post 'em up it'll help!..(Wow I'm way too enthused for having been up with a sick kid since before 6 am on a Sunday.)
Hmmm "urge surfing" - I must've missed that before. I learned something from you thanks!..Welcome! 7 days!! That's great! Keep going! :-)  
I was your age when I got sober.  Best thing I ever did.  Good luck!
I'm right behind you this is the period where it all makes sense the contrast is clear. Mentally bookmark the contrast. Great job! Great story.
Great work! I think preparation (like knowing mindfulness tricks and what you can find rewarding besides booze) is really key. Keep it up it will probably be a bit of a roller coaster but that is only because life is! 
Congrats on the week well done. ..I must admit that what I am enjoying most about sobriety is being an present father. My daughter is the same age and although I have been in the roomat home  at school functions I haven't really been present. .
Welcome this is a whole other dimension.  I hope your daughter grows up with lots and lots of memories of a sober loving and attentive parent.  My wife told me years ago when I was struggling with my alcoholism depression and rage that my daughter would grow up and look for someone to be in her life that mirrored me.  That brought me up short.  Good luck.
I was your age when I got sober. Best thing I ever did. Good luck!
I'm at seven days too OP.  ..Congrats.
Great post.  I do "urge surfing" all the time did it A LOT the first couple months of Not Drinking in fact but I had never heard that term for it.  ..You sound like you are doing great.  Keep it up!!! 
I like the urge surfing! Musta missed that original post. My meditation practice in recovery has been ever evolving but the mindfulness especially lovingkindness meditations have been amazing at helping to quiet my ping-pong brain and heal it from the inside. ..Being there for your daughter wasn't a "little thing". It is HUGE blessing that you are present for her now. ..Thank you for sharing the beginning of your initial journey with us and I look forward to seeing your future posts. You have a lot to offer us too. :-).
Keep on brother! This sub is awesome. &lt;3
Thanks for "urge surfing" - great way to look at cravings.  ..My main coping technique for most scary feelings is to just get outside them.  I call it "stepping to the witness" for the way I learned to do it.  First you realize that "you" are not thinking and feeling your mind is thinking and feeling.  Then your mind is not all of you and something in "you" sees what your mind is up to and isn't your mind.  Then just "step to" where that witness is.  It's quiet and peaceful.  ..Sometimes if I can stay there for a while I can play other games with it.  But just getting there because I'm not in my mind is the ticket.
