-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w7lyz/well_i_did_iti_posted_my_story_here_2_months_ago/

[This was my post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t4s1d/someone_suggested_i_xpost_this_here_from_the/) For the most part I got support but there were a heavy volume of people telling me I was stupid for hoping to drink socially. "6 days is great" one person said "but if you really want us to believe you can do this with just willpower and no support groups or detox come back in 30 60 or 90  days see if you make it."..Well. I made it 2 months sober. I have had 5 total units of alcohol since I quit 3 drinks at my girlfriends birthday celebration over the course of about 6 hours and one glass of wine for a special occasion at work. So if that doesn't count it doesn't count but the hunger is gone. ..I don't desire to drink. No matter what's going on no matter how intense my anxiety attack I don't need the booze anymore. I went to the Doctor to get liver work done she almost didn't believe me about quitting. She said I wasn't symptomatic she checked my eyes and said since it used to be worse and got better so quick she didn't think I was fucked. She poked around my liver and said "Ya know the body is a remarkable in how it can heal itself..."..She doesn't think I need the bloodwork but I'm going back tuesday to make sure I don't have signs of the big C. ..I know I'm not out of the woods I know there are people who went years and fell back into it. I'm not special. But I am a strong individual. I'm probably going to catch a lot of shit for this post but I'm not bragging I'm sharing my story in hopes that someone can gain *something* from it. Whether the something is them thinking I'm a foolish idiot and not taking my path and finding a better one or someone garnering courage in realizing that it's not hopeless. Even if this isn't the end-all to my struggle it's a pretty big fucking step in the right direction. If nothing else It will give my body time to heal from the years of abuse I unjustly put it through and then I can go from there. ..Thanks for reading all criticism is welcome but I don't respond well to rudeness. Tell me I'm an idiot and that I will fail. The people who did when I posted the linked story pop up in my head every time I look at a bottle and say "no." 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. Knowing yourself is half the battle my friend. 
I don't think you're going to fail but it's definitely something you'll need to keep a day-to-day eye on to avoid letting it creep back up. ..Have you done any work around why you got to drinking so heavily or are you just pretty much powering through?
&gt; it's a pretty big fucking step in the right direction...I agree!                               .Thanks for coming back with an update. The liver recovers amazingly well once alcohol is removed. Hold on to your courage and great attitude.  
No shit from me.  Good luck we'll be here.
Hi friend! I'm happy things seem to be working out so far for you. It's an interesting post but it's missing some pieces I'm curious about like other any other changes you've made in your life(style) besides just not drinking. Care to share? 
Good for you but I think you may be misunderstanding what you deem as negative feedback--it was HONEST feedback.  Most of us can not return to moderate drinking because for us alcoholism the reason we stopped drinking in the first place had crossed a line in our disordered drinking had become disordered thinking.  Even when we aren't drinking we are obsessing about drinking...Like you there was a time in my life that I had so stopped my drinking or slowed it to almost non-existence.  I entered into this grandiose judgmental oversensitive and childish frame of mind that I later learned was called a dry drunk.  Boy could I ever tell you about what was wrong with you...or so I thought.  I hope you don't experience this sort of thinking or emotions...For me I had to get sober even though I was no longer actively a falling down black out drunk like I had been previously.  That means a different way of thinking.  For me this happened when I went to my first AA meeting: honest open minded and willing to listen...Continued good luck to you I'm so glad you shared your recent success with us.
For me I found that I could go two months or even longer with responsible drinking. But each responsible night tricked my brain and brought me one night closer to the inevitable relapse...The only way I can prevent relapsing is to never drink. For me this is actually easier than responsible drinking. I have an allergy to alcohol and even in small doses part of my brain was getting very excited.
