-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wbmmw/life_is_starting_to_look_bleak_again/

I've been an alcoholic for over 10 years now. I recently hit (what I hope is) my rock bottom. After that I entered treatment and coin out this coming Friday (yay). In the past I've dwelled on the fact that if I had material wealth life would be immeasurably easier. I had gotten over that and begun to move on; happy with where I am in life..The past several days I went on a bit of a rollercoaster. I had expectations of a few educational benefits that would have made going back to school getting my nursing degree and life during that journey very affordable. Today on my biological b'day (yay) I found that both benefits were unobtainable. I'm stuck in a tailspin of despair and all I can think is how fucking nice it'd be to be wealthy enough to not have to struggle with monetary shit like I have to. I tried calling my sponsor but he can't relate... he comes from wealth. Now I don't think he's a good choice of sponsor and that my life insurance is the only thing I have of material value anymore..For those of you that don't come from wealth that have dug yourselves into a hole with sides so steep it seems impossible to get out; how did you find the will to press on??.I'm not considering a drink at all. I just need to get rid of this rage that I have for people that don't have to deal with money issues. It's a big resentment that I'll have to deal with I know.
----------immediate responses--------

If your sponsor can't relate to a big issue which may affect your sobriety there is nothing wrong with finding one who does. Put yourself front and center!  Good luck. 
I ended up briefly on the streets as a drunk so I know what it is like to struggle financially. I've also had lots of money problems since getting sober - after being away from alcohol for five years I almost fell into a deep depression over money problems. I wouldn't be scared about ending up broke again if I was a single guy but I have a wife and child now...Incidentally -  I was on the streets at 25 but I got help and ended up sorting things out. I trained to be nurse - just like you are planning to do. I stayed sober for two years but I drank again - I somehow still managed to qualify and work as a nurse. For a long time becoming a nurse was the most important thing in my life but I no longer work in the profession - although I'm still registered. It is funny how things work out. ...The way that I now deal with my financial problems is to just trust myself. I actually made a video on this exact topic yesterday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNdlWWG2GOk ..I'm sorry to hear that you have been turned down for the benefits you need to train as a nurse but don't give up hope. Things have a way of working themselves out - you just have to trust yourself. 
Struggling financially is hard to describe to someone who hasn't experienced it. It does sound like reaching out to someone who knows what you are going through and can help you with it would be a good idea. Disappointment is a tough emotion a real trigger for me at least. Anyway just to say that I hear you and hope the bad feelings ease up.
