-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wc0x6/2_weeks_in/

I am having really good days and really bad days. The bad days are a fucken struggle. I just want to drink and forget all of my problems. I know that won't solve anything which is what I keep telling myself. But it is FUCKEN hard... I have been replacing booze with sugar and have gained a few pounds since quitting. That's kind of hard to believe since I'm not drinking thousands of calories per week or binge eating while drunk. I know I have to focus on my sobriety first but damn can't a girl catch a break? I've been reading a lot on here and it seems it gets easier/better after the first month? Thank you all for being here it has really helped me a lot. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah sugar sucks!  
For me the first two weeks were the hardest. I didn't even necessarily want to drink I just felt pretty lousy for the most part. After a month I was feeling pretty great and have been ever since. There are still peaks and valleys but the valleys are much shallower than when I was drinking and the peaks much higher. ..I didn't focus on too much during the first little while other than not drinking. You've gained a few pounds? No big deal I spent the first month doing/eating whatever I craved as a distraction from booze. After that I worked on my diet and after that I worked on fitness. 
CONGRATS!  Out of the times I've quit drinking I've always found the 2nd week (especially weekend) hardest.  You feel pretty good compared to normal so you don't have that immediate reminder that you shouldn't drink but you're bored as hell and feel like you're going nuts...First regarding food - eat whatever the hell you want.  If you gain weight so-be-it.  You have one goal to be laser focused on: not drinking.  All else is a distant second.  I didn't gain or lose weight for the first month I pretty much let my inner fatty run free - burgers and fries ice cream for dessert all the time donuts for breakfast etc.  That said I did work out almost every day.  It helps with the mental fog and anxiety in addition to balancing out the overeating...I think at 30 days I found that it was easy not to drink.  At that point the problem for me was doing something other than 'being sober'.  There was and continues to be a lot of introspection relearning figuring out what I want type of stuff.
Congratulations on two weeks.  I've also packed on a few pounds since I quit.  I blame cookies but I'll worry about that soon enough.
I'm having similar weight / sugar issues &amp; I'm hoping the weight loss will begin once our bodies no longer believe they are dying from alcohol withdrawal. 
Not to worry. You still don't know how strong you are on the inside. You'll be shocked and amazed at what you can accomplish once you are well free of alcohol! Thanks for checking in.
You are just replacing the sugar that you drank in alcohol with the sugar found in sweets and breads. ..The cravings for me were very strong at first but since I wanted to shed weight from not drinking as a reward for not drinking I resisted and majority of the cravings went away so hang in there for that : ] ..Of course when I was full of whiskey I could care less and the next day all of my regrets in regards to lack of being healthy came through the next day. Now I wake up feeling clean and healthy. ..But one of my struggles is that I am not seeing positive things happen fast enough. I know nothing good except a temp fix comes from drinking. So just have to hang in there and keep doing what you're doing.  It will be easier as it becomes more routine.
