-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wdgah/a_funny_thing_happened/

Recently about a month or so ago I picked up a new hobby before I decided to go back to meetings. Being the alcoholic that I am I already spent a good amount of money on it. And to my surprise there was a hobby shop of this kind opening up in my town so I was pretty excited. When it opened I went in introduced myself to the owner and chatted for a while. Since that day a few weeks ago I've been in the store talking with this guy buying stuff etc. ..Fast forward to last night. It was my 2nd night back at meetings and I didn't see anyone I really knew too well and who walks in? This dude. Sits down next to me says hi. I was pretty flabbergasted needless to say. Not that he was in the program I'm never really amazed who I run into in the rooms but this guy is genuinely a nice guy and I guess this explains why. I didn't stick around after the meeting to talk as he was catching up with some people but I told him I'd stop by his shop today and chat. ..I always have and still struggle with the concept of a higher power but stuff like this makes me hopeful.
----------immediate responses--------

That's pretty cool.  The meeting in my town was huge (70+ people) on Sundays.  To my surprise I only ever saw two people I knew there.  And one of them may have only been there to celebrate another person's anniversary (like a family member... it is an Open meeting)...At least you have someone you can connect to that you know you have more than one thing in common with.
I'm still struck by the connection that results from seeing people on the street that I've seen in the rooms. Even if it's someone I don't know well often a subtle eye contact reminds us both of the fellowship of recovery. 
Higher power _I dont have a clue.   Coincidences which have made my hair stand on end   oh yeah....
You just found a potential pillar of support! I've met such incredible people in AA. I'm very happy for you. ..Stick with it brother! 
Wonderful...Don't over think the HP thing.  For a long time your HP has been booze.  Now it's your AA friends and colleagues. 
That kind of stuff is always happening to me. I have met a lot of people I knew in a previous life in the rooms. Great news for you! Well done.
