-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wglp0/no_wine_but_theres_chocolate/

Today just didn't want to go well initially starting with me somehow managing to rip my pants on my bike (to the point I had to go home and change) then my chain fell off compounded by the fact I couldn't for the life of me remember how chain position related to the gears (cue going back home again so I could google it)...Finally get to work and am slammed with things from one direction or another none of which involve working on my thesis (which I have to submit in a little over 2 weeks). Multiple things pile up and I just keep getting more angry and frustrated....End up cracking the shits and have a big vent to a co-worker after which he called out across the room "just go home tonight and have a glass of wine". Without thinking I stuttered out "I can't do that". He comes over surprised he knows I drank everyday (though not the extent) and when he first arrived in Australia I was always the one to go to for wine reccommendations. I know he meant well but he started to describe how he relaxed each night with a beer or wine how having some nice food a glass of wine and music on makes all the stresses of the world disappear. ..I was like a rabbit in the headlights. I interrupted him and said well that's not how I drink I don't want one I want the bottle and then I want more. I almost teared up. He asked me how much I'd drink I told him a bottle a night but it was getting to be not enough that I was starting struggling to get to work and work on my thesis. That I hadn't had a drink for over 2 months. He is the first person outside of my parents I've been honest about how much I was drinking he's been the first person to really ask. Raised eyebrows a nod and an "okay... then" followed...Later in the afternoon (4pm) I finally managed to start get to work on my thesis I leave my desk for 5 mins and come back to find a note which said "No wine... But there's chocolate!" and a pile of fancy looking chocolates sitting next to it...I had to laugh. Yep. No wine. But yes there's chocolate.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes chocolate -  sounds like a very nice understanding person to work with.   ..Now get off the Internet and work on your thesis.   We'll be here
What a good guy! Thanks for the story.
Totally loved this post; been there.  If I don't have at least 2 pieces of dark chocolate cake a week I go into total withdrawal.  ; )
Heck yeah chocolate! There's a lot of sugar in booze so lots of us are addicted to sugar. Nothing wrong with giving yourself something nice. Take care of yourself and be good to yourself. Heck [Treat Yo Self](http://thehuffmanpost.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/treat-yo-self.gif)
Wow that's a good friend!
Oh man sounds like a rough day. That's really kind of your coworker and good on you for telling the truth.
Brilliant story.  You have a very good friend in you co-worker.
This made me happy.   Sorry your day started out so crappy but was smiling by the end.  What a great support to have around I'm glad you were able to open up to him. Good feels. 
Haha chocolate can solve all the problems much better than drinking! I've had an ice cream cake in the fridge from a b day the past week and every night I get a slice! 
