-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wm46p/trying_to_recover_from_my_relapse/

I'm really struggling so I felt it might be good to write something to keep me motivated.  I never drank a lot for most of my 20s.  It would be a few times a year...but I would never just have a beer.  It would always be drink until drunk.  I guess I never saw the point of drinking unless you got drunk...Then at 28 I separated from my ex-wife.  It hit me hard.  I got really depressed.  I started drinking a little.  I started drinking more.  It made me feel better.  I felt like the only time I felt any joy was when I was drunk.  It became an every night thing.  I would come home from work...drink until about midnight and pass out then get up in the morning and go to work.  My work suffered.  My health suffered.  I was still depressed.  I was broke to begin with after the separation...and spending all of my money on alcohol was making things worse...I reached my breaking point in May 2011.  My car was repo'd because I spent my car payment on alcohol.  If I didn't stop I was going to lose my job.  I was going to die.  I quit.  ..I made it 2 years.  I didn't go to AA.  I just quit.  I felt like I had it conquered.  Things were getting better.  I didn't really have it beat though.  I don't think you can ever really have it beat.  It was just a ticking time bomb waiting in the back of my mind.  Waiting for that trigger...June 2013 was that trigger.  I had a really really bad week.  I was downsized from my job...the job I had worked at my entire adult life.  I was so emotionally invested in the job that it hit me as hard as my separation from my ex-wife.  It felt the same.  Two days later my pick up truck completely died.  No job and no car.  ..I hung in for a couple of weeks.  I ended up cashing in my 401k (which didn't have much in it) and 3 weeks unused vacation pay to get a used car.  I had a couple of interviews right off the bat.  It didn't feel completely hopeless.  I didn't get the jobs.  A month of rejection after rejection and I caved.  I bought a bottle of Skol vodka (because it was the cheapest) and got black out drunk.  It felt wonderful...It was just like riding a bike.  I was right back into it immediately.  I haven't been drinking every single night...but about 5 out of 7 nights.  I was going through at least 2 1.75 liter bottles of Skol vodka a week.  (I'm a big guy so it takes more for me to get drunk).  My whole life has been revolving around it.  Drink the night before.  Recover until about noon.  Look for a job while counting the hours until 7pm when I would start drinking again.  I would wait until later because I was always afraid if I was drunk during the day somebody would find out.  If I drank at night I could hide it...Saturday night was my last night.  I drank more than usual and wasn't feeling happy like I normally do.  I felt miserable.  This is your life?  You're 34 living in a tiny miserable apartment with no job drinking your life away.  I passed out sitting at my computer.  I looked at my browser history because I couldn't remember the last couple of hours...and I was looking at sites about suicide.  ..I don't want to go out like this.  I haven't drank since that night.  Only a few days...but the most I have gone in a row in 7 months.  I feel like I should go to AA...but I'm scared to go.  I have kept my drinking very private and hidden...and it is hard for me to open myself up to others without the anonymity of the internet.  I really think I can quit.  I know it is the most important step to turning my life around.  I'm worried that without some type of support I'm just putting that ticking time bomb in the back of my head...waiting to go off 6 months 5 years 10 years down the road.  ..Thanks for reading if you did.  It helped to type that out for me...hanging on for another day.
----------immediate responses--------

Job/financial insecurity has been the source of my lowest points in addiction and since getting sober so I think I can guess what you are going through. I was five years sober and on the verge of losing everything - I didn't drink but I felt like jumping off a cliff. It's not easy. ..I don't use AA so I can't really offer you advice on that. It is obvious that you need to do something or you are going to be facing a very bumpy road ahead. I understand that you are scared but why don't you just go to AA anyway. You've had some shitty breaks in life but you know it's amazing what can happen when you just keep on trying to do the right thing. 
Talking to somebody is important. Good for you reaching out here. Whether or not AA is your path I found that I couldn't do it alone. I got counseling and I also talked to trusted friends--some sober some not alcoholics. That helped a lot. It's definitely a hard step to take to share this problem. It felt like a weakness to me--I'm an alpha boss type so showing weakness could be seen as blood in the water for my employees and clients. ..But I figured out it's a strength--to be able to talk about something so difficult. It's a brave step that you won't regret. ..Don't drink today. Just don't. 
I would suggest also talking to a Dr or therapist if you can so you can look at dealing with your depression. It sounds like youve been self medicating for years without actually addressing the underlying issues. Please dont drink anymore. Nothing good will come from letting that monster out of his box. ..Also if you have a sober friend you trust tell them! 
&gt; I feel like I should go to AA...but I'm scared to go. I have kept my drinking very private and hidden...and it is hard for me to open myself up to others without the anonymity of the internet...I'm scared to go too and I already went once.  I almost went again today but chickened out.  So I guess I'm in no great position to help you except to say that it felt good to go that first time.  I liked it and even if I had hated it I think I would have gotten a high from having tried something scary.
It took me some steps to get to my first meeting. Posting here was step 1. Then I decided to just print out lists of local meetings. I looked at them every day for awhile to see if I felt like going but decided I wasn't ready yet. Eventually one day I finally found the courage in me to go. Thank god they don't expect you to talk if you don't want to!..Posting and reading everyone's comments on here helps me a lot though. I've seen a few comments in the past week about people who were suicidal while drinking and then absolutely horrified or ashamed or astonished when they realized what had happened next morning. It's a dark hole to be in so thanks for sharing.
