-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wthmi/how_to_battle_cravings/

It's been 5 days since my last relapse.  However 2 days ago I really craved a drink (a Jack and Coke or a beer) which I know ends up becoming 5-10 shots maybe the whole bottle (liquor in this case).  I think my problem is I'm probably bored and can't find anything to do so I drink.  For those of you on this sub that haven't drank for a while how do you battle your cravings.  
----------immediate responses--------

I do not get cravings. Fix what ails you and you won't either. 
Try to drink something without alcohol in it a soda helps me. I also a lot of sweets my first couple of weeks and that helped a lot too. I haven't been at it as long as some of the other people around but I still have cravings and it's been two months.
I remind myself why I don't drink - of all the godawful horrible shit it caused. The constant flu feeling if I didn't have a drink and then by drinking I'd feel 'normal' for a few hours. Not drunk or happy just 'normal.' How I could barely walk 10 minutes to the grocery/liquor store without crippling anxiety if I was sober. How I was overweight and bloated and felt no control over my life. ..Then I think about how things are now. Is life great? I'd say it's pretty good. But the best part is I have control over my life again and it's wonderful. ..And yeah for the physical part of it a cranberry and soda fixes me right up. 
Make a list of things you LOVE to do. If you don't have a list of things you love to do (I realized I didn't because I spent too much time drinking to kill time) try some new things until you find some things you do love. It's a necessary part of this process...If it's going to take you a while to build up a list of things you LOVE to do make a list of things you can do or need to do-- organize the sock drawer go to a meeting take a walk dust the floorboards... Pick something off the list and do it when a craving hits and good chance it will be gone by the time you're done.
There are foods that can help. A google search for this against alcohol will help you on your way.
I never got physical cravings. I think it was a combination of proper nutrition for recovering alcoholics (slow burning carbs so you won't get the crashes in your blood sugar that results in cravings. No sugary foods or drinks) exercise staying busy and support. ..If you're bored then do something. I know when we're used to drinking all the time there doesn't seem to be much to do but there truly is.  The only limitation to how many is your imagination (and of course money but there are a countless free things to do). ..Make this last relapse your last one. You can do it!
You could ask your doctor for some medication to help with the cravings. 
I also relapsed due to cravings. It often feels like boredom that's how I always described it to people until just the other day. I was telling my friend "I feel so BORED but how can I be bored? I've taken up cooking I go to the gym now 3 days a week I've done all this hiking and outdoor stuff I took up painting..I sit around and paint I've joined local clubs and go to plays but I still feel so unsatisfied and BORED."..They suggested to me that it might be a craving and I saw that perhaps they were right. The pattern I see in myself is I catch myself visualizing things I used to do like going to the bar to see my friends or drinking and playing sports. Then almost immediately I can taste the drink I want and from there it never stops. I try to stop thinking about those things when I catch myself doing it and think of a fun time I had with my sober friends in AA. If I hear a song that reminds me of drinking I change it...I haven't found the magical answer but I have found that always having a variety of different things to drink helps me. I drink about a gallon of decaf coffee every day. But it's good to have some different juices water or whatever you like. I also eat a lot of candy. I tell people I gave up a drinking addiction for a candy addiction haha. The caveat to that is during my longest stint of sobriety I was doing the Paleo diet and during that time I rarely craved sugar or alcohol... but that is obviously purely anecdotal and a rather large lifestyle change...Lastly I would say if you're not doing it already call your sponsor or someone else in AA every day. When I didn't have a sponsor I called the other new guys just to say hello. Even if you have no reason to call them. I believe the reason for calling your sponsor every day isn't necessarily because you have something to say but more so that you're in the habit of picking up the phone when it becomes crucial to do so...Also my advice is pretty much complete shit because I have never even put together a year of sobriety so take it with a grain of salt. Wish I had a magic bullet for you but I don't. Good luck.
HALT  Hungry Angry Lonely Tired.  It can be one of these four little beauties.  If I am hungry I try to eat etc.  
Don't let yourself get hungry. Eat some sweets. I've fought withdrawal and cravings for months before I figured this out. Sweet tarts are my friend right now. ..I went to an AA meeting about three months ago and asked this question and the best anyone could come up with is "go for a run".  That might work for some people.
