-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wto0m/new_to_this_it_feels_stable/

I have been a social drinker since college and recently (01/05/2014) decided to stop drinking completely. My husband my sister and now you are the only people to know. I suppose there are a combination of factors that led to this decision:..* Parents and grandparents are alcoholics. .* If I drink liquor I will black out. No self control with the hard stuff..* If someone offers me a shot I'll do it. Trouble saying no. .* Shame embarrassment and guilt that comes with acting foolishly after drinking. .* I'm married to an incredible human being who I've been with for 9 years. He is the nicest funniest and best person I could ever hope to be with. I've been a jackass towards him ~1-2x / year when drinking and I simply don't want to do that anymore. .* I really despise being hungover..* Adopted a healthier lifestyle in November which includes working out 5x/week and alcohol gets in the way of that schedule..* My sister and I had a night of drinking (01/04/2014) where we woke up feeling horrible the next day. She had a fight with her s/o because of how much she drank and I drank to the point of getting sick that night. We confessed our disappointment with ourselves the next morning and I asked her if she ever thought about being sober. We had a moment of relief in considering / admitting that was best for us. ..To be honest with myself I don't know if my friends would consider me to have trouble with alcohol (maybe I'm afraid to know?). Like I said I'm a social drinker and when I stick to beer we all have a fun time sans shame or embarrassment. Honestly I think I'm considered "really fun" when we go out for a night of drinking and my excess in drinking doesn't represent itself as emotional abuse towards my friends. However because I know myself and am learning to accept my habits / face my weaknesses I felt the need to simply stop completely due to the reasons listed above. ..Being new to this I have a couple questions for each of you on your journey...* How/when did you decide tell friends and family?.* How has your role in social situations changed when you hang out with friends who drink?.* What keeps you motivated?..For now I've been hiding behind my gym regimen / race training as to why I'm not drinking when I go out with friends. I'll say something truthful about how the next day I feel horrible and it'll mess up my work out. I've been in several situations with both friends and family where everyone is drinking and easily said "no thanks going to the gym tomorrow" or "actually I gave up alcohol while I'm training for my races." My in-laws may excitedly (and erroneously) think my declining to drink is because I'm pregnant haha. It's been very easy to say no thank you and still have a good time with loved ones...I'm not really sure why I've had an aversion to sharing with people publicly perhaps because I'm a private person and this feels like a very intimate decision. Perhaps it's also due to the fear of having to admit publicly of my own weakness with alcohol. Maybe it's also the fear of failure if I don't stick to it and then having to explain. Did any of you struggle with the "coming out" to friends and family about your choice for sobriety? ..Overall this hasn't been as hard as I thought it would be. I take spin classes 3x a week and yoga ~2x a week so the idea of drinking calories + feeling my body lose its optimum performance definitely motivates me to stick to it. The one thing that sometimes stands as a temptress is the pull of drinking a good beer when I get home from class. But.... I'm an all or nothing type of person haha. Honesty with my weakness gives me the wisdom to understand I can't do "just one beer."..Thank you for reading this for welcoming me into this community and for sharing your own experiences. I look forward to learning from your journey. :).
----------immediate responses--------

One school of thought is that you need to reach bottom before you can quit.  The problem is the concept of bottom varies for some it is "high" others don't get it even with felony arrests and serious medical consequences.   ..In essence I drank until I could not get away with it any longer.   It had become work was no longer fun and my "control" drinking was something of a lie...I too had bad things happen when hard liquor came to play  drinking wine and beer kept me behaving more acceptably.  To a degree and still at a cost emotionally and physically...My path included aa I could not do it alone and needed support from others like me .  Results may vary.  As for motivation my life is very much better now.
You are very wise to quit drinking. Just the fact that alcoholism runs in your family is reason enough because it puts you at risk for the disease. Already there are signs. Alcoholism is a progressive disease which starts out with symptoms much as you describe in your own life. It always gets worse if we continue drinking. You are not a weak person; this isn't about weakness; it's about the power of alcohol over you when you take that first drink. Alcoholism is not a moral issue it is a disease. It would help to educate yourself. A book that was an immense help to me in understanding and accepting my struggle with alcohol is *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam. It comes highly recommended and will help you overcome the shame you feel. ..As for telling friends and family it was a gradual process. I didn't make a big announcement since being in rehab told the story to family. They were happy I wasn't drinking any more. ..Simply telling people that alcoholism runs in your family is as I said reason enough. Maybe you feel ashamed about that too. (Read the book.)..It sounds like you have a lot going for you since you have developed interests and hobbies in your life. Another thing which helped me was going to AA meetings although that may be too intimidating for you at the moment. However the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking and I met a wonderful supportive group of people. ..Good luck with racing. Welcome to this awesome subreddit. Feel free to post with info or questions any time..
Welcome indeed! Grab a badge and pull up a chair. Lots of wisdom and support to be found here...1.  I told anyone close to me pretty much out of the gate. Made it easier when drinking came up.  In your case you could probably just roll your current explanation into "I feel so good I decided I'm done for good" but that's a slippery slope unto itself as you might end up believing it yourself one day...2. I didn't go out around drinking for a few months until my sober cement was set pretty firmly. Now it's not a deal at all. Only difference is that I go home/go to bed sooner (besides the obvious of not drinking)..3.  Life!  There's so much to do and so many things to experience that I haven't gotten to before with clear sober eyes!  I go to AA 3 times a week and that provides me with a good rudder to keep on my path.  I would highly recommend it or another type of support group like SMART.  This sub is great but having that in person support is amazing.  You're also doing something now that keeps me motivated which is exercise. Love how it make me feel!..Keep it up!  You're doing great!
