-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wumoz/was_on_the_wagon_for_6_months_2_weeks_ago_i_had_a/

sorry if this is a little long.  hopefully it can inspire some people if they have also recently ruined a good period of clean time...the most important part:  how did the first drink happen?  i live in asia and i went by myself to a raw fish restaurant.  had not been in a long time and some rice wine pairs pretty nice.  it started snowing...and i took that first sip. i just *fancied* a little bit.  and that is all i had a little bit...nothing happened.  went home read a book.  got some good sleep.  ..the next day (it was a tuesdayi was on a week vacation) it snowed and it was quite icy so i couldn't run. that made me depressed.  what better thing to do than clean the house and snuggle up with a cheeky can or two and watch a movie.  i thought "nothing bad happened yesterday.  after all it's vacation right?"..well you can imagine where it went from there to 4~5 days later.  deep dark bender in my house.  sense of time and days were lost...the next monday i suffered through work.  i had a panic attack on the way to to the clinic.  I told the doctor EVERYTHING.  it was such a relief.  this may be controversial here but i recieved a weeks worth of small dosage of xanax and campral.  i was such a nervous wreck i'm not sure i could have gone through withdrawal without it.  depersonalization shakes panic sweats the whole nine yards.  in 2 days i was fine and sleeping normally...here is the part i am happiest about.  I see so many posts on here saying "get up the past is behind you live your life again etc" type..on day 3 i brushed myself off stopped feeling sorry for myself and got back to running.  on day 4 set a personal record for a thursday Chinese New Years half Marathon (1:26) and then i suddenly signed up for a 50km race on sunday and placed well.  it was my first ultra.   i completely reorganized and cleaned my house.  the things sobriety brings are endless...if you allow it to.  i finally allowed it...  the most important part is that in the past i would not have been able to imagine forgiving myself and attempting my normal life again.  i would not have attempted to contact sober friends for weeks.  it would take months...and multiple relapses.  everything i did straight away this time...thank you /stopdrinking.   sorry if this was long and thanks for reading.   FYI off the meds for 2 days now.  feeling great.  stay strong.  don't let these bumps in the road throw you to far away from the road itself.  
----------immediate responses--------

As a runner I just have to say... wow you pulled those times/distances with xanax on board? And that soon after a bender? Good going! You must have a great gift for it.
It was good that you talked to the doctor about quitting. Alcohol withdrawal is serious. The medication prevented you from having a seizure or worse. ..[Just a note: Your inspiring post wasn't too long but would be easier to read if you started sentences with a capital letter.]
Wow thanks for sharing your story! It's really great to hear that you picked yourself right back up. Lately I have really been really fearing the thought of relapse--of course this is normal and healthy to a degree. But it is wonderful to be reminded that this *also* isn't a death sentence/ permission to go back to ruining one's life. Thanks.
As one who has gone thru MANY relapses thank you for sharing. Relapse isn't part of everyone's story and it's so good to hear that they're not the end. I know they're not and I love that you did all you um... did. KUDOS!!
I'm right there with you. Had about 4.5 months of sobriety when I went on a three day bender.  Blew off some classes and homework assignments and started smoking again (5 weeks off the cigs at the time).  I've gotten back on the wagon and just finished my first week sober.  Unfortunately I'm still smoking and having trouble making myself study.  I'll make it through though and so will you.  Good work and thanks for sharing.
Happens. As you can see my badge is probably on day 38 or 39 (badge doesn't show on mobile) but it's because I had a relapse 4 day bender. Brushed myself off like you did and kept my head up high. Overall I have over 80 days of sobriety. It has given my body time to heal itself; my organs do not hurt anymore my head is clear my thoughts are optimistic I wake up feeling awesome in the mornings and look forward to just doing good things. I'm glad you're back on track and thank you for this post. It helps me to know that I'm the same as everyone else on here and that we're all in this together 
Glad you pulled things around quickly and didn't let it get you too down. Well done on the marathon too. :)
