-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wuwnl/a_sobering_day_addiction_does_not_discriminate/

I am finding myself rocked to the core today by the news of Philip Seymour Hoffman's death this morning.  Most times I hear about this type of thing happening I absorb it take note that it's a shame and then move on with my day.  I cannot seem to shake this news or this tragedy this time and am finding myself bursting into tears every couple of hours and am unable to do much of anything really...I did not know Philip Seymour Hoffman but I loved his work and the genuine ordinary vulnerable qualities he brought to some of his characters.  He was a quiet master of his craft who earned so much respect for the work he did and I loved him for being this underdog of a guy who showed everyone else how it's done on the stage and screen.  Watching him was like watching an older brother or kid you grew up with make it big in the big leagues...To hear that he overdosed this morning upset me so much and made me so angry.  It also scared the living daylights out of me and reminded me of one important thing: addiction does not discriminate.  It doesn't matter if you're a street-user or a high-roller; addiction doesn't distinguish the wrong side of the tracks from affluent neighbourhoods.  It also doesn't give a damn how beautiful talented and loved you are by your friends families and fans.  ..I cannot shake the feeling that this tragic event is just so bloody wrong in so many ways.  It has also brought to a raging boil my own constantly simmering fear of addiction and the effects it has had on me and could continue to have on me if I ever pick up a drink again.  Hoffman was CLEAN for 23 years and all it took was a relapse in 2012 and 18 months later he's gone.  It's utterly horrifying to me.  No one with this disease is immune and no one is ever really off the hook altogether.  The threat of addiction is so real and so insidious; if it could take him it'll take any one of us if we let it...This Thursday I will be celebrating 6 months without drinking alcohol and I can say that while I'll be smiling and celebrating with a bottle of Pellegrino and some chocolate cake there'll also be a wide-eyed quiet part of me shaking with absolute fear knowing that it takes work and respect for the disease to keep that demon away.  And if I forget this it'll be patiently waiting one day with a bottle corked and breathing for me to walk into its open arms again...I am so sorry that addiction took Philip Seymour Hoffman and I hope that we can all stay strong and continue to fight the good fight ourselves.  He was worth so much more than an ending like that and so are we.
----------immediate responses--------

I too was completely stunned by the news of his death. Addiction has snuffed out such a bright light and - you're right... It doesn't care if you're rich or poor famous or not... It doesn't discriminate. You articulated my similar thoughts/feelings about Phillip's death very well - thank you for this post. 
Arguably one of the greatest actors of stage/screen ever to live. This disease is an equal opportunity destroyer indeed.
Well said. Thank you.
I feel you. This has just stunned me and broken my heart. Such a sad day...Keep your chin up. 
Really bummed about this too. I loved everything he's been in. Such a talented actor. I can't imagine relapsing after that amount of time clean but then... Probably neither could he. It's so sad but about all the sense that I can make out of it is that I will not take a drink today and circle the wagons again with those who are trying to do the same.
The disease doesn't care. Thankfully the cure is equally equitable. 
Very well said. I feel the exact same way... sad and scared.
You're totally right of course. I hate how easy it is to just forget about it now. Like I'll go awhile without even thinking about drinking but literally all it might take is just one drink and I'd be back where I started or worse. It's fucking terrifying and people are really fucked up in their attitudes about it (see: General public reaction to Justin Bieber DUI) 
For me it's important to see that no matter the years sober you are you are one drink/one high away from death. 
Well said fellow SD member! .  I can definitely see how PSH death has effected this community more so than other actors at this point in time. The lapse of sobriety he had pales in comparison to any amount of time I had but it makes it that much more tangible. I think that's why it's so frightening because there IS no discrimination and you are 100% right. I sound like a broken record because I have vented in IRC and elsewhere but I paired up and was aiding a close friend in battling alcoholism and she was on the straight and narrow then just the other day she had been drinking and driving and killed herself. I still have our text conversation in my phone and am heart broken because she desperately wanted to be sober...  All I can take away from this week are cold raw lessons to be learned. This disease needs so much work and dedication so we remain healthy and sober mind and body. I strongly believe addiction needs to be talked about more frequently in this society and have others receive education on the matter rather than throwing people in jail or shoving it in the backs of closets. What we fear is what we don't know. 
Thank you insightful post. It has been a while for me but the thought of tripping up one day scares the life out of me. I worry that I won't see it coming in fact I've had a few dreams lately about drinking. That sinking feeling of "oh no I just had a drink! Shit why". ..RIP Mr Hoffman I didn't know of your addiction problems but appreciated your talent.
I'm lucky - if I were to have another drink at least I'd come round the following morning albeit with a bad case of the jitters....
It hit home for me as well. Made me think about how addiction doesnt discriminate and how glad that booze is my main demon...RIP dude... the demons can't haunt you now.
It's a complete tragedy I too feel for this man more than I have any other actor. He was an inspiration to me a hero really and I kept waiting for him to publish a novel I really thought he would have one of these days. And you're completely right addiction doesn't discriminate it scares me to the core that you can be 23 years clean and then just get right back on it.
That last line really hit me. Thank you. You wrote this oh so well. 
Yeah I really admired this actor for his art damn shame to lose his so early...I'm much more devastated by the losses among my peers friends family and all of their friends.  I'm so angry about this heroin epidemic which had directly cost me a professional partner and numerous young people of my acquaintance in Alcoholics Anonymous meetings where I am a regular member.  
