-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x0r21/sobriety_a_lifestyle_theory_and_an_idea/

What is it that keeps the addict sober? I once saw a definition of an addict as a person who cannot stop taking drugs. Throughout this when I refer to an addict I am referring to this definition. People tend to differentiate all the time between drug addicts and alcoholics. I completely disagree with this. Alcohol by definition is a mind altering substance. Drugs by definition are mind altering substances. Alcohol is a drug and in my opinion is the worst one of them all. So to simplify things an alcoholic is an addict and an addict is and addict. Anybody who has a physical or mental dependence on any sort of substance is an addict. Categorizing addicts by their  drug of choice  for the purposes of understanding common side effects of that drug is very helpful. Categorizing addicts by their  drug of choice  and taking a stereotypical viewpoint and judging that person's character based off of their drug of choice is wrong but that happens all the time. ....A great example of this would be how our laws are set up. Alcohol is a socially acceptable and legally usable drug. In Wisconsin if a person is pulled over with 50 1liter bottles and is intoxicated in their car and is above a .08 BAC they will receive an OWI (operating while intoxicated). They will have their licenses suspended for 6 to 9 months and serve no time in jail. Also this ticket is a misdemeanor traffic ticket essentially the same as receiving a ticket for not stopping at a stop sign. They can possess as much alcohol as you want and it will not increase your penalty. In contrast if someone is pulled over completely sober has their car searched and is found to have 1 gram of herion they are going to jail if not prison.  A lot of times they will be charged with intent to distribute even though 1g is a small amount. In fact 1g is 1/1000 of a 1L bottle of liquor. This person faces up to 3.5 years in jail and up to a $10000 fine. All drugs (besides alcohol only way I can find it statistically) related overdose deaths per year in Wisconsin I 515 people per year on average.  Alcohol related deaths by overdrinking or cirrhosis in Wisconsin is 1500 a year average. That is 3 times the amount of ALL other drug related deaths COMBINED. ...  I could continue to go on with statistics such as 267 people a year on average are killed in Wisconsin by a drunk driver; 7227 injuries a year from a drunk driver etc and that is just in Wisconsin alone. Alcohol statistically injures kills hospitalizes and destroys people lives significantly more than every other drug combined. Alcohol is the only drug you can die from withdrawing from.  This does not make any other drug a better option to alcohol by any means. The only reason all of the statistics are higher is due to the fact that alcohol is not only socially acceptable but also because it is always being promoted to us all the time. In fact in my own experiences since becoming sober I have found that I am more a social outcast in sobriety than I am as a user. Do you see something wrong with this picture? ..  Regardless of all these facts one thing is obvious: none of these drugs are going away. Another sad truth is that the majority of addicts will never even realize that they are an addict. Addiction can completely destroy one's life. Most of the time addicts never come to the conclusion that the substance is the reason for everything going wrong in their lives. The thought of complete and absolute sobriety to most people is insane.  I need a couple of beers after work to relieve my stress  or  At the end of the week I NEED to go out and let loose otherwise I will lose it . ..  A little bit about myself before I dive into my thought processes for you is appropriate. My name is Sam. I am 26 years old. I have been using for 13 years of my life that is half of it. My drug of choice is alcohol. I have three OWI's and I am currently waiting to be sentenced for my 3rd DUI. As of this moment that I write this I have 118 days of sobriety. I have used other drugs besides alcohol and have done so on more than one occasion. I currently attend AA meetings and have a sponsor. I do not agree with a lot of things in AA but the fellowship it provides to me is a tool I utilize to maintain my sobriety. I care about the well-being of every person on this planet. I used to look at other people and judge them based upon my own stereotypes relating to their race gender social class or physical appearance. In sobriety I have found my own way of being capable of loving everyone. I no longer care about any of the above mentioned things. I have come to realize that most people on this planet are lost hurt and/or angry. A lot suffer from addiction problems. Everybody deserves a chance to see these things an explanation to why it has happened and the help to overcome their problems. I feel that as a human being who has  found my center  or whatever you would like to call it I want to help as many people as I can. ..  I first realized a few things while I was sitting in the holding cell after being arrested for my 3rd OWI back in October 2013. The first thing was I could not rationalize what had just happened. In fact looking back upon the last 13 years of my life I could not rationalize most of it. A lot of my actions and decisions had been fueled by my using. I had been struggling for years to drink like a normal person but in that moment I realize something: most people are addicts. A normal drinker is somebody who drinks one 12 oz beer an hour 8oz glass of wine per hr or 1 shot of liquor per hour. I can tell you that is about 3% of the people I have come across in my drinking career. I accepted the fact that I was an alcoholic; I was addicted to a substance that I had no control over during my using. I couldn't stop the blackouts my depression was becoming so severe and my anxiety drove me insane. My previous coping mechanism had been to drink more. There is absolutely no logic behind that. Alcohol is a depressant; therefor the consumption of alcohol will increase things such as depression and anxiety. In AA drinking is referred to often as complete and utter insanity. I agree with this. I expand it out to using. Most people cannot justify their actions or reasons for using and if they do most of the time their minds are so clouded by the substance that their own insane rationalizations make perfect sense to them. I would know I did it for 13 years. I would say  Sam you're going to have 2 drinks tonight and that is it . Two things would happen at this point: 1) I have 20 or more drinks (depending on the strength of the alcohol) or 2) I would have 2 gigantic drinks that would take me a long time to consume and usually have me blacked out. Like I said complete and utter insanity. ..  Is it my fault that I am an addict? Why did this happen to me? All of these questions are completely irrelevant. What am I going to do about this problem? What ways can I fix my issue? These are the questions addicts have trouble asking. It is very difficult to admit to being weak. It is not in human nature to admit weakness or even seek out help for it. It is however easy to do those things when they will make me look better to others. In that sense I essentially have not even realized I need help and will most likely not obtain anything from the help I will receive. I learned more about myself and my addiction in that holding cell than I ever have in my entire life. I had been to 28 days in rehab back in 2007 immediately followed by 3 months in a halfway house and constant meetings and therapy. I never once stopped to tell myself that this is it. I always thought that once I get my addiction under control that I will be able to drink again one day. It may seem silly to read that but in an addicts head that makes complete sense. What I am driving at is we create our own realities weather we are sober or not. If we choose to use our realities are created by the drug or drugs we are using at that time. Obviously your reality created in a sober state of mind is much more logical. ..  Another thing I should point out is that I do not believe in God. I believe there is a potential for a higher power but I am not certain about that yet. I am responsible for my own sobriety. I will make it happen and I am the one to blame if I fail. I will never use again. Most people in AA take it one day at a time but for me waking up every day not knowing if I am going to drink or not is not good enough. I believe that I will stay sober because I have lived through all of the horrors of addiction. In my last days of drinking I was planning out how I would take my own life. I had decided that I had hurt too many people caused too many problems and would never be able to stop. I convinced myself that I would hurt a lot of people by my suicide at first but after a while people would forget about me and move on. I couldn't stop drinking because I told myself that I couldn't stop drinking. Think about it. I created the loss of control myself in my own head which was helped greatly by the substance but nonetheless. That thought grew into suicidal thoughts. I would be dead today had I not been arrested for my 3rd DUI. ..  The human mind is a very fragile thing. It is easily manipulated and easy to break. I believe that most people do not even realize the extent of what they are truly capable of because they never give themselves the chance. Everybody is always setting limits on themselves and these limits most set subconsciously effect peoples performance and lives constantly. For instance I believe with my entire existence that I will remain sober for the rest of my life. I believe that there is not a single event that could happen that would justify even one sip of alcohol for me. I believe that when I drink I convince myself to drive to place. Therefore I put innocent lives in jeopardy every time that I drink. I believe I would not be able to live with myself if I ever took somebodies life while intoxicated. Therefore to save my own life and everybody else I do not drink anymore.  There is a lot more that goes into that but the process is easy to see there...  I am capable of greatness and I will obtain it. I will never stop improving myself. I am going to jail soon and that is the incredibly small price that I have to pay for my crime. That experience will stay with me for the rest of my life and it will help me on my path to greatness. There must be some balance for my crime and jail is the balance. This experience will also help me to remember the reasons why I do not drink. I am going to school full time and working full time. I will graduate school in july and I will be signed onto the company I work at. I am educating myself in my field outside of school. I have come to realize that I am responsible for everything. I am going to never stop learning. I want to absorb as much information as I can. I learn new things every day and I love it. ..  I have also come to realize that the true answer to becoming completely selfless is love. I have found so many ways to look past stereotypes of others that I have had ingrained in my personality and mind. The only way I can help anybody is by first showing them that I care and love them. Love is the most sought after thing on this planet. With love comes happiness and I truly believe that is something everybody hopes to obtain someday. .	It is very difficult but I believe I can remove my natural emotional responses to things. It is something I believe to be necessary in my path to greatness. Decisions fueled by emotion are typically unfair and one sided. I will not be like that. ..  I have spent most of my life bragging about my drinking going to jail using etc. The time that I spent doing all of those things was not wasted. I have learned a lot and I know exactly what I need to do now to never become like that again. I no longer tell myself I cannot do something. I can accomplish whatever I want to. If I doubt myself beforehand I have already lost the battle. I will always keep striving to succeed. People in various programs  let a higher power  work through them to do good things. I am capable of doing good all on my own. I believe that if a higher power exists it lets us be. If we are to be judged we will be judged on our actions in life the type of life we led etc. If a higher power were to  intervene  or  work through me  then theoretically on my judgment day those actions and things I did at that particular time were not done by me and do not count. Also thinking like that basically brings your actions and path in life chosen a selfish one because the theory is that you either end up in heaven or hell. Being good to others your entire life TO GET INTO HEAVEN is selfish. It is incredibly selfish. I am good to other people because I believe that it is the right thing to do. I believe that by showing kindness and helping others the best I can will potentially help others to better themselves and that is all I want. When I die I do not know what will happen to me. Maybe I just cease to exist maybe I go wherever but that is not until I die and it is possible that I cannot control what happens so until that time I will focus on here and now. ..  Sobriety is just a small part of my life. I will never make it a great accomplishment because I believe being completely sober is only natural for us. There are endless benefits to sobriety and soon after you will begin to realize that sobriety is the first step in a lifetime of accomplishments and greatness. I encourage everyone to consider my approach to sobriety. I do not let other people tell me how and what to think. I know what is right and what is wrong. Keep yourself mentally active. I am never bored anymore that was one of my biggest reasons for drinking. Boredom is nonexistent. People are bored because they convince themselves that the idea of boredom is what they are living in at that moment in time. Consider my approach and feel free to tell me what you think. I just want you to know that no matter how tough and hard your life becomes you are a beautiful person. You are capable of anything and everything. If you ever feel alone I want you to know that there is one person who loves you. That person Is me. I do not care about what you look like what you have done or any of those things. All I care about is that you are alive and you deserve everything that this world has to offer and if you ever need a friend or help in anyway I am always here. If we end up never interacting beyond this point enjoy this journey while you are here and remember that nothing will ever justify using..
----------immediate responses--------

| I once saw a definition of an addict as a person who cannot stop taking drugs. Throughout this when I refer to an addict I am referring to this definition. |..When I got sober in the mid-1980s obviously there was no internet no reddit that with a mouse click I could access an information-dump.  At that time I strongly objected to the fact that my then-wife thought she needed al-Anon meetings and when with genuine curiosity I asked why--she pointed her finger at me.  ME?  I could stop drinking.  I could stop smoking. I had WILL POWER-deluxe.  What I didn't have was clue one about the fact that indeed I was an alcoholic and my alcoholism had little to do with how much I drank how often I drank where I drank or what condition my self-will was in.  What I discovered a year of so later was that I had a mental illness an obsessive disorder which compelled me not only to drink in a dangerously uncontrolled manner; but to think about drinking even on those days when I didn't touch it.  I was absorbed in calculating when I could drink how much what my alibis were how I would clean up the empties cover up my drinking how I would deal with the hangovers where did I leave my keys my wallet my car who did I offend and then I'd start all over again...When I got sober--and I do it one day at a time--I gave up this sick and tiring slog...My daily practice begins when I turn the light on.  I reach over and pull the Twenty-four hours a Day book off my ledge and I read the daily entry.  I make a deliberate daily decision that no matter what happens today I am not going to drink.  I regularly attend AA meetings.  I make a plan to stay sober tomorrow.  At night I thank my higher power for the sober day and the next day I repeat. ..I gave up trying to think my way out of my mental obsession with alcohol; instead I am daily acting my way into better thinking.  ..Good luck on your new life and welcome to SD.
Thank you for sharing your story with us.  It sounds like you have been through a lot...I have had the same attitude before and I know in 2012 I did stay sober for a long time.  But then I thought I could drink normally.  ..I totally think its possible to do it with will power but I am going to use AA as a tool because I don't think it can hurt me and I have nothing to lose by trying it.  It might help remind me constantly of everything you just mentioned.  Of course that is the personal choice and method I am using in addition to my will power this time...I admire your strength and perseverance and decision to stay sober.  Keep up the good work!  Your story is very inspiring.
Welcome. 
Welcome. It sounds like you've had a long journey but you found your path for yourself. I wish you many happy adventurous wisdom filled travels along your way in this life...Be well and go far my friend.
