-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x5x1z/i_work_at_a_bar/

It's a fairly tame bar; I would get fired for coming to work drunk or drinking on the job. The struggle is that as a server I am always finished working before bar close because the kitchen closes 2 hours before the bar does. It's never appealed to me to get wasted at my place of employment but it's definitely a temptation to have a couple after a hard shift. (Then you stop at the liquor store on the way home or hit up a different bar!) Thankfully I have 4 co-workers that have quit drinking recently so we have a mini-support system going. ..I'm not going to quit my job because it is one of the highest paying jobs I can get with just a high school diploma. If four other people can be around alcohol all the time and not drink I can too. Has anyone else here been in this situation? Advice/funny stories? 
----------immediate responses--------

The world is full of temptation of all kinds we still have to find our way through it. Learning to adjust to life as it really is will have long lasting effects. When I determined that my reaction to alcohol was dangerous and  the cause of much unhappiness I didn't try to remove alcohol from the world I just stopped drinking it.
When I got sober I was the manager for a restaurant that had $10000.00 worth of booze in the bar and locker and I was the one with the keys as well as the guy responsible for inventory and control.  Talk about giving the lunatics the keys to the asylum. ..When you're finished you're finished.  I found ways to drink when the odds were stacked against me - it took a lot of work but I got the job done.  So I put the same amount of work into staying sober - although I had the odds stacked against me I got the job done...It was actually helpful to see the debilitating effect alcohol had on people even those who drank 'responsibly.'
Use your mini support system.  
I live half a block from my favorite bar a local grocery store with local beer and wine a quick shop and 4 other bars/restaurants.  I almost have to pass by to get home from work and pretty much everything else I do.  Luckily if I am willing I can avoid it by going around the block.  I actually come to a fork in the road and make a choice to go down a side street...It's about making those choices..
Yep. You sound exactly like me. I work in a bar. I used to have a couple drinks when I finished and then hit the liquor store. Every night. I haven't had a drink in over a year and I have been there almost every night. I thought a lot of my employees would make a big deal out of me not drinking. Not the case. For most of them it really doesn't matter. It took them about 4 or 5 months to get out of the habit of asking me if I want a drink what I want to drink or what the new beer tastes like. I thought it would be a big deal. Customers still try to buy me drinks and I just say no thanks or I don't drink and it ends. NO BIG DEAL. ..I have had people tell me it's not a good idea to work in a bar. I don't know what they're thinking. I did very little drinking in a bar. I liked to drink alone. I could and probably would have drank just as much if I worked at a gas station or a supermarket. I am an alcoholic wherever i work. ..The one thing you have to look out for in a bar though is when you see a happy couple of people having a drink or two and you start thinking of the good old days of alcohol and why can't I be like them and oh life sucks pity party blah blah blah. I force myself to remember that those days are over for me. No amount of alcohol is safe for me. I can never have just one drink and drinking brought on this awful shitstorm of anger anxiety depression fear and unhappiness. ..Other times I get to see people being stupid and feel grateful that I do not have to live that way anymore. 
