-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x91m6/a_different_kind_of_anniversary_pic/

Attached: http://i.imgur.com/PuBgChk.jpg..Hello stopdrinking..Every time I got a new chip I would recycle my old one at this one bus stop. I was not terribly sentimental with the chip and would forget about it in my wallet. I got this green chip in May 2013. There have been times I thought of chucking it after I relapsed but I never noticed the chip while drunk the most apt time for me actually dispose of it...Tonight I have been reading a few anniversary posts and then saw my badge my chip is valid again! My digital badge match with my physical chip! A couple months ago I felt the chip's imprint inside my wallet making me aware of its presence but it wasn't until tonight I remembered about it again. I am very frugal and a non-hoarder but suddenly I am liking this chip :) I didn't remember having this much wear and tear it sort of represents what I have put myself through...I went to AA the first month I got sober but due to blizzards and arctic wind I stopped walking to meetings. I was fully well aware I could ask a member for ride assistance but ended up taking an approach to sobriety without AA. My walk to and from a meeting was a big part of the experience of AA for me. I like the personal reflection I have before I get into the room my assessment. Then leaving the room thinking about what I took away from the meeting. After reading some posts on this subreddit I will talk a brief really brisk walk around the block and get lost in thought. The walking therapy helps me...The weather has already been getting a little warmer enough for longer walks. So I have not shut the door on AA. Reviewing my green chip has reminded me how much I miss the rooms. Sobriety with the assistance of friends and family and the guidance of this subreddit have been divinely given blessings in their own right but I feel closer to my HP with regular attendance. ..I now take my keyboard in hand to let you know that I am well and hope you are enjoying the same great blessing! (=^.^=)..Best Regards..bokchoy
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
[deleted]
Awesome. I am out of town at a work conference... challenging atmosphere. I just end up walking for hours in the evening and processing the whole experience of being sober and reacquainting myself with well myself. It's tough at times but that reflection is amazing in the end...Thanks so much for this post I learned a bit about my own experience. Good luck keep it up.... walk on!
That's a very lived in chip. Congratulations!
Congrat's.  Something kind of poetic about that beat-up old chip that you never threw away and re-earned.  Good job.
Love it! Congrats!
I think I'm going to walk to my meeting tonight because of this post. It's ridiculously cold out and I do have driving privileges but I think I need to walk to more meetings. ..That time to unwind before and after to get my head in the proper space. ..I'm going to walk tonight cold be damned. It's the right choice and the exercise won't hurt. 
