-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xb73o/100_days_of_new_life/

Well guys/gals it has been quite the adventure these last few months! It started with the most debilitating anxiety/panic attacks I have ever experienced.(I did see a medical professional but chose not to medicate for the withdrawals) At this point I am feeling the best mentally/physically that I have in 5 years.(26 y/o) I was a nightly drinker to the point of waking up a few hours into the night to slam a few more beers to fall back asleep. The daily withdrawal while sitting at work is definitely not missed! I wont go as far as to say it was PAWS but through this adventure there were days that I woke up feeling like I had been drinking all night and was now hung over. Some days it would pass in a couple hours some bouts lasted for a couple days at a time. It seems this has passed from me in these last couple weeks. What I can tell you is this addiction is an evil disease. I never once in my last 5 years of drinking thought that I would be able to stop for any more than a day or two. I always figured this would just be an early death to me in the end. If you are thinking about quitting or in the very early stage of withdrawal I can tell you it gets so much better. Thanks to everyone who posts here you have been an inspiration to me whether you've relapsed or not! I wish the best to all of you through you're adventures in sobriety!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!
Congrat's on 100!!!
Damn good start!
Thanks for the inspiration and congrats!
I had the anxiety as well but not when quitting it was mainly after a really heavy night of drinking and boy oh boy was it scary.  Paranoia fear of noises not wanting to go outside.  Booze is poison. I'm glad to hear you got through that ugly first patch.  The important thing now for all of us is to realize we are not 'healed' now.  We still have this disease and we cannot reintroduce booze into our bodies or it will make us very very sick again.
I'm glad you made it! 100 days is awesome!
:) well done!
Well done! Waking up to have a drink and then go back to bed is definitely not something I miss :-) congratulations on the century!
