-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xdykt/admitting_that_i_might_be_strong/

Doubts. Weaknesses. Anger. Complications. Regrets. If life didn't have any of THIS a lot of folks probably wouldn't feel the need to turn to substances. I'm kinda close to two years of sobriety but remain vigilant every day. The battle doesn't always rage but that doesn't mean that becoming complacent or unprepared is an option. Negativity never (ever) takes a break and it's such a slippery slope to fall back into. ..Feb is a super tough month for me so I spent most of my time today exercising writing and reflecting...attempting to forgive myself for my regrets and give myself credit for the things that I have done right. That can be tough when you feel like you've made so many bad decisions or maybe haven't aligned priorities correctly. ..Confirmed to myself (again) that food/fitness/sobriety are my ultimate priorities in life--above absolutely everything else. They all work together for me and I try to find the blessing in that even though I was very bitter about it for quite some time. ..There have been some before&after pics so I'm adding mine. There are three because that's how my journey is rolling. I had gastric bypass surgery (in an attempt to prolong my life). The links between the surgery and alcoholism are well-established so what I saw as a tool to help me achieve better health actually played a huge part in what could have been my demise. Life is so bittersweet. I'm working to embrace that (or understand it more). For anyone who might be struggling--it does get easier...whatever you fear whatever you've lost whatever you regret...you just have to look in the mirror unflinchingly and make the (sometimes really tough) effort to love and accept yourself. Not trying to be corny or minimize but so much of this battle is about self-care and realizing that you are worth it...Not sure if I'm posting pics correctly (totally not THE reddit expert) so please don't yell at me if I did it all wrong. :)..http://i.imgur.com/Ye9u18U.jpg.http://i.imgur.com/6nY3MKo.jpg.http://i.imgur.com/WWWVHdq.jpg
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on living life on life's terms and your upcoming 2 years of continuous sobriety.  You look great.  Continued blessings.
Wow! You go girl! High ^FIVE!
amazing!!
I was reading you post and then I saw the pics "Holy shit" was my reaction.  Fair play to you.  Sobriety brings with it many gifts.  I can see what one of your's was.
You keep smiling girl. Lookin' good.  And my qualifications in making such pronouncements are unimpeachable...Right about where you are now in my *first* sobriety I decided "I had a handle on this booze thing". Yah. Right.  Don't you believe it.  Took me *ten years* to get back.  Over twenty years ago now...Stay strong.
Thanks all for the kind words support and reminders. This place is amazing. I never want to get to a place where I feel like I've beaten anything and it's so wonderful to be part of such a supportive community. 1 day or 1001 days we're all in the same boat. The steering might get a bit easier as you go along but the icebergs are still out there.
Thanks for your post! Doesn't life feel so much more manageable now? I've had some crummy things happen since I stopped drinking. Looking back I'm glad almost each of them happened because now I feel better prepared to deal with life's challenges. Amazingly good things have also happened mostly because I resisted the temptation to drink when things were at their worst. And when I need to get new clothes because everything I have is too damn big that's the kind of problem I welcome solving ;) Congrats on being happy and sober!
