-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xe45o/does_anyone_else_have_this_problem/

My overall picture hasn't gotten any better. I don't feel better. In fact I feel worse.I mean don't get me wrong. I've still had good moments but my overall quality of life hasn't. I'm lonely bored depressed and genuinely very down on myself. I can't get away from my own head anymore and it's killing me. I'm starting to become very scared even. I've never thought to myself that I would be better off under the ground but lately when I see a bridge or driving in my car I sometimes think differently. I know that drinking again isn't the answer but I could get away from myself then and I can't now. I feel very unhealthy. I've been told that the world is suppose to get a bit brighter but mine is darker and bleeding out. Please spare me the "it is what you make it" speech. I have been trying very hard to make the right moves to go forward but things just don't go right. I've even started practicing my art more. It isn't helping. It's hard getting out of bed most days but its just as hard to fall asleep. When I do sleep I dream of relapse and darker things. Has this happened to others? My back is against the wall here.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you seen a counselor gone to AA? You definitely need to think about getting some help. If you're having dark suicidal thoughts you need to seek help in some form...I'm not going to give you a life is what you make it speech but if you close your mind to the world around you it's not going to get any easier to find happiness in this world. The world isn't going to change for you you have to change to adapt to the world in which you live.
It is not a 100 meter dash it is a marathon!  
If all I did was stop drinking I would have been miserable. I gathered as many resources as possible--a counselor aa meetings a sponsor working the steps a women's support group and recovery reading. This meant finding out more about myself than I ever wanted to know but it led to personal growth which was the foundation for long term recovery. Give some thought to enriching your life. 
You would benefit greatly from a program such as AA or SMART the meat of the programs helps you get out of "my own head" helps you think and live in a more positive way. The fellowship is great for the boredom lonely ness and depression. Hope you give it a try good luck. It's worth the work.
I'm no expert but I think you might consider the possibility that you are suffering from clinical depression or the like.  There's no shame in seeking help from your doctor and/or a counselor.  I take a mild antidepressant and consider it just another tool like my meditation and journaling and yoga.  Depression sucks; you don't have to go through it alone.
AA or not.. I think we can agree that drinking was a symptom of a bigger problem. Now that we have controlled one symptom it doesn't mean the problem went away. Sounds like you suffer from depression and drinking was a coping mechanism. You need to tackle the problem via therapy or medication (probably both). It's like having a cold.. just cause you ain't sneezing doesn't mean you're healthy. Get help for the depression most medications will take about a week - but you'll feel much better. Really at this point what do you have to lose?.
Ditto all the comments re: Dr &amp; therapist - you're worth it!
Exercise helps me.
You may be suffering from depression in addition to alcoholism..Then again I was sober 3.5 years and lost my job my wife and found myself moved in again with my mother as a 41 year old ..Certainly gives some perspective
Thank you for bringing your situation into the open. I too needed more than sobriety to find the life I was meant to live. Therapy medication and AA turned my whole world around. I wish everyone the kind of joy I have found through following the right path.
