-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xg879/coping_strategies/

Hi all. I gave up drinking at the end of September last year. I have been feeling pretty strong until recently but I'm getting worried that my resolve is starting to weaken...I have stopped drinking before for fairly long periods my best being 2 years but every time I fall off the wagon my drinking gets more out of hand. The last time I stopped it was completely out of control and the withdrawl was pretty nasty. ..I'm worried that I'm starting to see the warning signs of another relapse...After I had detoxed I felt the euphoria of sobriety and I used all the energy I had to get my life back on some sort of track but over the past few weeks I have felt my mood sinking and the thoughts of alcohol are becoming more frequent and more intense...I wish I could turn off the voice in my head that keeps reminding me that drinking is an option. In the past this mental conflict has been a pre-cursor to a relapse as it only takes a bump in the road to destroy my remaining willpower and I reach for the bottle...I only discovered reddit (and this sub fairly recently) so I thought I would ask in here to see how you all deal with this annoying voice...Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Do you go to meetings? If not that is a good start. If only to get in a room and tell someone else I want to drink cuz my car got towed or I stubbed my toe or whatever and oftentimes there's some person with more time than you who got thru it sober and can give you some advice...When I'm depressed I see a psychiatrist or other professional...When I'm lonely I try to phone a friend or someone from a meeting...And I'm working on dealing with boredom and doing things that I've wanted to learn how to do...Some people say being of service works but that depends entirely upon your own situation...Hope this helped. Good luck.
A couple of suggestions...First "keep it green" find ways to remember how bad it was read the relapse posts here - I go to AA so I get to hear them too.  Write down your worst moments review as necessary...Second get involved in your recovery.  You have stopped drinking what have you done to heal / overcome / change the things that made you such a good alcoholic in the first place?..
Wow IV &amp; Slip said everything I was thinking (although you can see by my badge how new I am to this.). I'm thinking make a list of all the positive outcomes that are likely to come from drinking. Do the same for negatives. How about a list of alternatives to drinking to face your stressors?  Maybe a list of traits you want to see in yourself or want others to see in you?  Good luck - the fact that you're here aware of the warning signs and are being preemptive / proactive all strike me as positives!  Hang tough!
Seeking the support of fellow alcoholics is the only way I found to maintain (and actually improve) my sober lifestyle. Keep on reading this SR and you will find many answers. Welcome.
