-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xhr6c/psilocybin_addiction_and_my_higher_power/

Note: This may seem off-topic but bear with me and keep in mind that studies have shown the potential of psilocybin mushrooms in treating both addiction and depression. [Source](http://healthland.time.com/2012/12/07/magic-mushroom-drug-shows-promise-in-treating-addictions-and-cancer-anxiety/) and [source](http://www.livescience.com/14606-magic-mushrooms-treat-depression-addiction.html)..I just spent a week in Bali Indonesia touring several islands by boat motorbike and horse. I got up early in the mornings to watch the sunrise and went to bed early after full days spent swimming and exploring the local culture...On past vacations I would often plan my activities around drinking -- which bars to hit at night and how late I would need to sleep in the next day to nurse my inevitable hangover. I missed out on many great travel opportunities...Now sober there is yet one substance that I make an exception for in very rare cases and which was conveniently available as a semi-legal and openly sold psychedelic on the Island: psilocybin mushrooms...On the last day of my vacation I ordered a fairly strong dose blended with juice and settled into a chair under the shade on the beach with my girlfriend...An hour later the effects had climbed close to their peak and the concept of time dissolved as the present moment took its rightful place as the changeless eternal spirit of God--always there but somehow ignored during the grind of day-to-day existence...The growing sensation of egolessness helped allow me to become the "witness" or "watcher" that meditation teachers describe. In the weeks leading up to the trip I had been meditating daily for 20 minutes struggling with the never-ending procession of thoughts and distractions that we carry around with us for the vast majority of our waking experience. Under the influence of the mushrooms those thoughts quieted and I felt at peace...An Indonesian vendor who was sitting behind me selling drinks knew that I had been tripping. "If it's too strong drink alcohol" he said. "It will bring you down."..I smiled at the suggestion. Alcohol does indeed dull the senses; a few beers would dampen the awareness that I was experiencing and place me back in my body in a condition more susceptible to being controlled by the cravings and temptations that arise each day...Although time had stopped functioning in its normal way I remembered the date. It was exactly one month since I quit drinking..."I'll have a water" I said to the vendor. "Water is perfect."
----------immediate responses--------

I absolutely loved this post! I don't view acid or mushrooms as drugs I place them in a journey/learning experience category. I have taken both mushrooms and acid multiple times and each time have discovered something hidden inside myself or the universe. Mushrooms helped to unveil my eyes and see the harm I was inflicting on myself with alcohol and gave me a push towards a better life. I am so glad you have done the same! Save travels. :)
Nice post. Glad you didn't get caught with it in Indonesia psilocybin mushrooms carry a life imprisonment sentence for possession and the death penalty for convicted drug traffickers...^[Source](http://goseasia.about.com/od/indonesia/a/Drug-Laws-In-Bali-And-The-Rest-Of-Indonesia.htm)
One time I was tripping on shrooms and had what I thought was the neatest epiphany: that human beings are just a slime living on the surface of the planet.
It's been a very long time since I shroomed fried on LSD or took peyote but that all mostly happened *before* my alcoholism and cocaine addiction reared their ugly heads. I've read that science is revisiting such psychoactive drugs for possible addiction treatment but at this point in my sobriety I personally have no desire nor feel the need to experiment...My experiences as I recall (and these are pretty faded memories) were rather profound but not in quite the same ways as yours. And some of those experiences were not all that pleasant.
I prefer my enlightenment to be of the sustainable variety.
Yeah in my opinion this is completely off-post.  ..While anyone participating here can feel free to do anything they want with other substances; it seems to me that most of the folks who share on stop drinking over the last year have a problem with alcohol that crossed over into something more than spilling drinks on themselves at social events.   It's serious--sometimes life or death serious.  Stopping drinking (and other substances) is a major life priority and not a decision among a buffet of substances to be sampled and enjoyed at our option.  Whenever I see someone post approvingly about grass acid other mind-altering substances I have to ask myself if they have clue one about the addictive mind.  In other words as an alcoholic when I let myself contemplate using other drugs to attain a high or an enlightenment I'm doing nothing more than re-engaging my alcoholic mind about something other than being sober.  
I find this post to be inappropriate. There should at least be a trigger warning. This may convince some dual addicted person to go try using drugs. I don't think this is helpful.
This is an interesting array of reactions. For those of you who feel this is not an okay post let me pose this question:  . .**Where do we draw the line at the use of drugs in addiction treatment?** . .Disulfram? Acamprosate? Naltrexone? Bupropion? Baclofen? Buprenorphine? Ibogaine? . .I concede that it would have been thoughtful of the OP to include a trigger warning with his post but I question whether ruling out any tool to recovery altogether can actually be labelled "appropriate".
This is a tough area. There are numerous scientific trials going on with psycho-active substances for addiction and PTSD types of issues...Results seem to be positive but very early...On the other hand many people in this group have issues with almost everything. All Drugs Sex Addictions OCD types of compulsions etc...I would personally agree that Mushrooms and LSD aren't addictive in the traditional sense of the word but the theme of the post is probably not appropriate. ..A more scientific approach might have been more accepted although many here just say no to everything because that is what works for them..
