-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xkes6/i_was_just_referred_here_i_know_i_have_a_problem/

I'm really concerned that I am struggling with alcoholism and have been for several years. I've always been an active drinker but I've gone through spurts of making really terrible decisions due to drinking. I never really got out of the blackout drunk phase in college and have turned that into drinking to excess at home. ..A lot of things have happened in my life to contribute to the reasons I drink but I think it's boiled down to the fact that the things going on around me do not affect my drinking. I drink when I'm happy when I'm sad stressed pissed off... it doesn't matter. I drink all the time...I'm processing a breakup right now and thought I had been drinking more than usual. I realized that it's not really that I'm drinking more but I'm seeing how much I'm drinking because I'm home and drinking at my house by myself and not drinking our shared beer/wine that I used to drink with my boyfriend...One night last week I made an active decision to not drink any alcohol. I couldn't sleep and long story short chugged 3 glasses of wine hoping it would help me sleep   and yes I know that alcohol doesn't really help you sleep it makes it worse but that was my solution at the time. I still couldn't sleep so I kept drinking. I ended up drinking a little less than a box of wine maybe 2 liters? That's scary and if I'm totally honest that's an average amount that I drink in a given day...I only stopped drinking because I finally fell asleep (passed out?) and I ended up sleeping through 3 alarms and woke up at 11:45 am. Luckily I didn't have anything going on at work (I work from home half of the time and out of home the rest of the time) but I had several emails from my boss and others and had to lie and say I left my phone at home and went back to get it at lunch. ..This is clearly getting in the way of my life and it's scary. I don't know what is more scary though: that I can look at this objectively and say it's a huge problem that needs to be addressed or that I know this but I still don't feel like I want to do anything about it. ..I've been looking into therapy for this and other issues but I'm only doing that because I know I should not because I actually want to. I don't even know if it's worth trying because I don't want to stop drinking. It's my crutch right now the one normal thing I have in my life...I'm usually a very emotional person and cry at the drop of a hat when something upsets me but I feel so stoic about this. I know it's a problem but I really don't care to do anything about it..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your post. I can assure that I felt the same way at one time as many others on this subreddit will attest to as well. ..No one can make you stop drinking if you don't want to do so. However from what you've reported be prepared for negative consequence to increase if you continue drinking. ..Please consider getting a counselor to discuss your drinking and start exploring other issues. Having a therapist has been immensely helpful in my life. I wish you the best. Take care of yourself.
&gt;This is clearly getting in the way of my life and it's scary...It is. It's a scary spot to be in. I'm 25 and it got to the point with me where the whole lifestyle stopped being cute and funny. The embarrassing incidents stopped being amusing and started to become founts of shame. The close calls with the law were getting *too* close. The hangovers were getting harder to brush off. I believe the big book describes bank accounts that seem to "melt like snow."..It's fucking scary. And it's hard to see that line when you're right on top of it but you can definitely see it when it's behind you. ..If you don't me asking who/why were you referred here? I'm assuming you made a post and someone suggested that you post here as well. I do that all the time. ..So you don't want to quit drinking which is fine. Quitting is immensely difficult if you don't want to do it in the first place. But it's obvious that you aren't happy and it's obvious that alcohol has a role in that unhappiness. ..So what do you want out of life? What parts about drinking are enjoyable for you?..&gt;It's my crutch right now the one normal thing I have in my life...Drink is certainly a crutch yes. But your drinking isn't normal if what you've described is accurate. 
You know how badass alcoholism is? It's so badass that it tells you not to bother doing anything about your alcoholism. Neat trick really. I've been there. I don't really know what to tell you. I had to wait for shit to get gross and painful for me to stop so I'm no role model...Go to an AA meeting. Go to a few of them. Go gawk at some people who are happy and productive and doing it totally sober. Check their bona fides and see if they're the real McCoy as far as drunks go. There's no rule that says you can't keep drinking while going to AA. I know lots of people who did. Once you're satisfied that it's actually possible you might feel differently. If not you got a cup of coffee or two out of the deal.
I'll say this In terms of my drinking if I had no other people in my life I'd keep drinking hell I'd go out and start snorting heroin. But For the sake of the things i like the family the having a home having a car being able to watch cable tv and have internet access I don't want to drink. I still want to drink heck just an hour ago I was considering buying some vodka and orange juice cuz i have a cold but I didn't. ..I'd say try going to a few meetings. Do at least 7 and just see if that helps. If you can see where you're going if you know eventually you'll lose your job then your home then your cellphone and all the things you like and maybe that will help you wnat to stop. if not idk what will help. 
Unless you are unlucky and have an event like handcuffs clicking around your wrists the realization that alcohol is in fact so bad for us that we need quit - comes slowly and then recedes as a tide of denial and rationalization and blame sweeps in...Stick around read posts read the Saturday shares in the side bar take the test in the sidebar   I drank like you drank and eventually understood I had to quit - results may vary.
Thank you for a terrific post I strongly relate to your "reasons" for drinking.  It took me some time in sobriety to realize that my reasons for drinking were just one specific reason: I'm an alcoholic.  I drank my way across an invisible line where once I take a drink the drink takes the drink and then the drink takes me.  ..If you want to stop drinking the answers are here.  I can attest to the fact from my own personal experience that life worth living is on the other side of the bottle.  Good luck.
Welcome. We are always here.  It is possible for things to change.  We believe in you.  ..Please stay. You dont realize it but You will help us stay sober.  ..Thanks for sharing with us.   Please continue to do so and we can share what we have figured out about this stuff this far. ..Many of us felt the same as you and had others show us how they dealt with everything. ..One year ago it became not fun for me anymore but I had trouble imagining stopping forever. So I just stopped for a day.  Then i tried it again. I continue to investigate sobriety one day at a time.  It does get better and is nothing like what I thought it would be. It is quite nice. 
I can only offer my own experience so far but I'm sure it will echo a lot of what has been said here.  I myself had a bad breakup and it only made my drinking problem go from bad to worse.  It got to the point where I didn't even want to drink anymore and i felt I had to. . It's scary really scary especially when you're more afraid of what will happen if you stop drinking and apposed to continuing.  .If you don't feel you're ready I can understand that but I hope you at least seek some help whether it be with a therapist or AA or something just to get some information.  I realize it's difficult but at least for today I'm not scared about what drinking is going to do to me tomorrow.
OK. Take extra caution not to harm yourself and others while you continue drinking. Most of us will be here when you're ready.
I read a lot of posts on this sub before I actually got to the point of choosing sobriety. One of the most helpful concepts to me was the idea that there are three stages to quitting:..* *Wanting* to want to quit.* Wanting to quit.* Quitting..It sounds like you are at that first stage. You know that your drinking is causing you harm (physical and mental) but you aren't ready to let go of the bottle. As much as it would be great if you quit drinking as of *right now* realistically I think you do have to progress through the stages. If you are like me pretty soon you'll feel incredibly unhappy when you buy alcohol even though you crave it. You'll feel awful taking that first drink because you know where it's going to lead. And soon you'll realize that never drinking again is a small price to pay if it means never having to feel so horrifically ashamed and embarrassed of your behavior. That was my progression...Good luck have faith in yourself and read this sub often. It really helps!.. 
