-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xm56v/30_days_no_way_this_took_me_two_years_if_you_are/

First everyone has their own path to sobriety. I lurked on this sub for about a year then joined reddit and posted a year ago. It took me a long time to convince myself that I cannot moderate. I finally broke down and joined AA about 4 months ago. I had 37 "relapses" after that. For me the hardest part in getting past a few days was the craving and withdrawal. I tried taper programs and essentially detoxed at home in December. ..For me detox and rehab was not possible because of my career but that was my next step if AA didn't take...What is different for me now is that I will fight with everything I have to get through a craving. I will call people I will eat sugar call more people post and read here. Anything but drink. I have absolutely given up on the idea of "future me" drinking. I am not giving myself permission to drink for any special occasion or circumstance...1) pour it out. If it's in my house and I'm having a craving it's too easy. If I only have a "little" to get rid of the craving 9 times out of 10 it will be more than I want...2) my screwed up mind will focus on that one time out of 10 that I successfully moderated. It's a trap!..3) stop lying to myself. I "counted" days here when I only drank a little. I hid alcohol drank more on business trips. 100% means 100%...4) don't get hungry. I know we teach HALT but hunger was a major trigger. For me sugar really helped. Others say chocolate helps. ..5) the thought becomes the deed. As soon as you start to think about drinking call someone. I would be great at 4:00 when someone would check on me and drunk at 5:00. Why? Because once the idea got to a certain level it became an obsession and "call someone when you want to drink" was not an option. ..6) you need an army of friends. Seriously. Find some sober people to talk to. AA is great for this. Went to a meeting and it sucked? Find another meeting. No meetings where you live? Try an on-line meeting. ..7) AA is great but you don't have to jump in the deep end. I went for 4 months before getting a sponsor. I think if I had at the beginning I would have been fired. I was still drinking too much...8) Gratitude. This was big for me. I was a daily drinker for most of my adult life (I'm 44). Instead of being angry or jealous at the people posting "30 days!!!" or "one year!!!" I decided to be grateful if I only had one day. One day of sobriety where I didn't wake up feeling like shit. One day where I didn't sleep in my office. One day where I felt alive and victorious...9) if you drink. It's ok. We still love you and want you to be sober. Learn from the mistake. Be stronger. Don't quit. I picked up 37 chips. Nobody ever judged me. When I pick up my 30 day chip I guarantee I won't be the only one with tears in my eyes. It is so hard to believe when you are mired in self loathing and self hatred that people are rooting for you...Finally I would like to thank the mods here for the work they do. I didn't set the record for badge resets but I think I came close...Fight on sober friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 30 days.  30 days is awesome!  Thank you so much for such a great list of suggestions.  I really like your reference to "future me".  I struggled with the idea that "future me" would not go to wineries in the summer toast to a New Year etc.  It was like "future me" was close drinking buddies with "present me".  I think one thing many people find in sobriety though is hope.  "Future me" could help people "Future me" is smarter stronger healthier enjoys each moment; the list goes on...Strong work.
Yes congratulations and kudos on assembling a toolbox to keep your loose screws in check
great post! great attitude :) enjoy that new chip. 
I'm only 5 weeks but that's a big deal for me after 30+ years of abuse.  Re: the whole "future me" thing - I agree.  At first it literally caused mild feelings of panic and despair that I wouldn't be able to [EDIT - REMOVING EXPLICIT DESCRIPTIONS HERE] - ever enjoy a single drink on a special occasion.  Big freakin' deal.  I'll have a ginger ale a tonic and lime or (yet another) glass of water; and I'll feel good about it!   ..I'll second the thanks to the mods and everybody else who contributes; you've made this journey considerably easier.
Good for you; great to see you sharing again on SD!
I hope you remain two days more than me forever.
This is wonderful! I'm so happy for you that you stuck it out you didn't give up and you kept trying. That is fantastic. Number 8 is what helps me the most I think in my own daily life. Thanks for the post and keep it up!
I would like to add another Thank You for the mods. They do great work. 
You make me really happy.
Congrats doc!  Keep it up!
This is really helpful advice for someone who will be on his first day again once the booze has left my system.
Such a great post. Be proud!
Great post Doc! I needed to hear this:)
Well said.  Congrats!
Thanks for sharing. Posts like this really "keep it green" for me. I never want to forget the struggle of early sobriety. Great job.
Thank you for sharing your story - I have definitely wanted to be here doing this for a long time. ..#8 is great. Someone said comparison is the thief of joy - and it's great how you applied that to your situation...Your honesty is inspiring. 
Great post. Thank you and congrats. 30 days is huge and it only gets better from there. 
I have tears in my eyes too now! Wow what a great post. Never quit quitting. 
This is great. 
Love "it's a trap!".  Found my self thinking that yesterday after I spent almost 30 mins convincing myself to get a drink.  Bought a 6 pack of root beer and made it through the day.
much respect for the perseverance you have shown.  some people might think of 37 relapses as a sign of weakness but I think it shows how committed you are to changing your life. You keep trying to quit and you only need to succeed once...for me i use an approach similar to when i quit smoking--i am perfectly free to have that second third fourth and 28th drink... so long as i never have the first one...the idea of permitting myself a "little" on a special occasion just makes it all that much more brutal because then I am constantly thinking about it--when can i have that next one? how much can i have? what constitutes a "special occasion"?  i tried moderating many many many times yet i've never managed to put down a glass or a bottle while it was still half-full...shutting off completely is loads easier (though frightening especially at first).  don't need to think about it anywhere near as much and the rules are very simple and very clear..
What a cool post.  I really liked your point about being honest with oneself.  So so so important.  Congratulations.
Thanks for sharing what has helped you and good job on 30 days. Keep doing the next right thing. I am rooting for you just as I know you're rooting for me. Thank you!
That is some seriously sound advice coming from those hard-earned 30 days.
Truly awesome points here as I'm still procrastinating..Thanks for posting this
I wanna high five you so bad right now !    Keep on trucking! .
Congrats great work. Your dedication is really inspiring.
This was an amazing and brutally honest post I loved it. Thank you so much you nailed it. Congrats on 30 days and beyond!
Wonderful advice - gratitude is definitely key. 
Congratulations! I'm happy you made it this far and reading this is an inspiration to me. There's still this small part of me that wants to hold onto the idea that someday I can drink again. Reading this was perfect timing for me. Thanks.
Thank you for this. 
Much love to you brother!
