-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xocr0/past_30_days_took_me_for_a_spin/

Today is my 30 day mark. I have been trying to stay sober for what seems like forever. I have made it to a month on two other occasions but today I am letting the past dissolve and focusing on this past month being sober. ..  What I've learned most from this time being sober is telling myself I am worth something and that I deserve to be happy and free from the restraints of alcohol.   There had been really difficult days and good days.  ..  I was mentoring a friend and we both decided to quit drinking but unfortunately she didn't make it and was killed by her own hands in a drunk driving crash.   The day of her funeral I decided not to go because I KNEW I would 100% relapse. Some said I was disrespectful but I knew in my heart my sobriety came first and my friend would of wanted me to be sober.  .  I sat down at my kitchen table and wrote her a letter while clutching a gift she had given to me months before. I still have our text conversation the last day she was alive and I will write to her and tell her how I didn't drink or that I miss her except I won't hit send...  I did everything I could to remain sober and it paid off AND was my first official death I have experienced without the aid of drugs and it was one of the most intense experiences I have FELT in a long time. I've been reading here and there about Buddhism and one thing they speak about is the darkness and light of life. ..  Alcohol was my darkness and even though we need dark and light to function that darkness was taking over my entire life and when I thought there was light it was only artificial and in reality I was not growing at all. My friends death showed me what happend to her could easily happen to me or anyone else. ..  This disease has a darkness I never want to let escape again. These 30 days have had ups and downs but the ups outweigh any downs I've had. I find my mind at more peace than I ever have. I even saw my doctor today (I have been going to him since I was a teen now I'm 24) and he said I am blossoming into a vibrant flower. He said I have changed in a good way and right then and there I wanted to confess to him he had no idea haha...  In this whole beautiful mess I have used tips and tricks discovered in SDin IRC and on my own and I try to focus on the tips and work them into my daily life as best I can. .  .  To leave this long ramble on a good note I will share a good friends words of wisdom he shared with me today: "You're the one who gets to write the next chapter of this story. A month is a good accomplishment.  Go for a month and a day."
----------immediate responses--------

Holy wow! What an awesome outlook you have and way to turn a real negative into a life-altering positive...Not that you need a stranger on the internet to tell you this but you absolutely did the right thing taking care of yourself in this situation. The best way for you to respect your friend is not to follow the same path. So sorry for your loss!
Rough lesson. Yes it really is all real. Recognizing the dark and dangerous path I was on was my beginning too. Eventually I learned to see and appreciate the splendor of my new way of life. You just carry on and you'll be amazed by what will be revealed.
Really powerful and moving post - thank you for sharing.  Keep reaching out for support and help here and anywhere else you can find find it that works for you..A little trick that may help is to write a letter to your 60-day self or even a letter as if you were already at 60 days to your self today about how proud you are of your accomplishment and how bright the future is.
You weren't "at" the service but you WERE there to mourn her loss; If you were drunk even if you were at the service  you wouldn't have "been" there; I think you did her a tremendous honor..Keep on!
| This disease has a darkness I never want to let escape again. |..Hang on to this insight it will serve you well.  And congratulations!
Life has it's ups and downs and is not easy.  I think it is easier when we are sober though.  Well done on your month.  You deserve this.  Good luck.
