-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xq5z2/sooooo_relapsed_im_nervous_to_tell_anyone/

I made 60 days with not a drop then found out my roommates were gonna be gone one night and wanted a little hoorah. No harm a little buzz and some Netflix then I got back on the horse and didn't drink for a week...but then the last.few days I again had the house to myself and decided to have a few. Thennnnnn again the next night. And last night I drank again really the same amount I would drink in the past. So again no real harm... Except this morning I felt awful. Anxious tired and an upset stomach......I wanna get back on the horse because a few nights of loopyness and I feel awful. I'm scared to tell anyone because of the potential reproccusins. I'm supposed to go to a meeting tonight and get my 2 month coin from my sponser in a meeting where everyone knows me well. I'm nervous about how everyone would react. My roommate got sober a few days after me and I'm worried how he would react worst case being he would ask me to move out. And lastly my parents. Relations have improved lately and they've been helping me get my life back and would probably cut me out. Soooo... Basically I do want to get back to sobriety but I feel kind of isolated...thank you. I'll reset my badge soon I'm on my phone so I'm sorry about the format.
----------immediate responses--------

What matters now is how quickly you get back on the horse. I suggest honesty and openness to new suggestions and ideas...As for the parents: when this happened to me my therapist suggested that I tell my parents that in many cases relapses are unfortunately just part of the process and not necessarily a bad thing all-things-considered. Your relapse is over (right?) and you are working to prevent the next one from happening.
Go to the meeting and fess up. One day back they will applaud and hug you.  Its not like anyone looses a bonus - the important thing is that you go back and do it NOW
I relapsed after a pretty good stretch on Monday. I was hungover and feeling like shit in every sense of the word but I went to my home meeting last night and came back. That was harder than fessing up to my mom. I was surprised at how accepting she was after a couple hours of being pretty pissed off. People are there to support you and you have to let them. It was so easy for me to beat myself up and let that cycle of drinking to get rid of the emotions and then feeling even worse and needing another drink. But the strength I have now compared to a couple months ago has allowed me to keep this slip as short as possible and start working the program again. ..Good luck and reach out. You're worth it.
Most of your concern seems to be about other people. I'd say you shouldn't waste your energy on them too much right now. You've got the alcohol thing to deal with...What you're going through is yours. It's your thing and it belongs to you. You can tell who you want and you can choose not to tell if that's what you want. It's ironic giving advice like "be selfish" but you're worried about what everyone else thinks about something in the past that you already regret. ..So. It's all your choice. Whether to go to AA tonight or not. Whether to call your sponsor or not. Whether to wait a while. Whether to tell your friends and family etc. Your choices.
I relapsed after 15 YEARS and spent a tragic (for me and my family) 7+ years away from sobriety.  When I began to actively recover again I had to face major legal consequences directly attributable to my alcoholism including a potential 5 year prison sentence.  As it turned out I did go to federal prison for 5 months and I spent an additional 6 months on an ankle bracelet and 2 years on probation.  I got drunk we get sober.  It works best when I don't drink today.  My days become weeks my weeks become months and next week I celebrate 4 1/2 years sober.  ..Good luck to the relapsers and welcome back.  Our relapses can be the key to the recovery of others.  
Happened to me 5 months in.  I was terrified for my parents to find out didn't want to let down my AA friends etc.  It all worked out so much better than I could have hoped and I got back on the wagon.  You can too :)..I almost wish I hadn't told my mom and I did NOT tell my kids or their dad (I'm divorced).  Anyway I feel like it was an awesome learning experience and my life didn't go back to the way it was or anything.  Good luck!!  It sounds like you want to get back in the rooms so I think you're gonna be ok! (*crosses fingers for you!*
[deleted]
You really need to be honest if you are going to get the help you need.  There is no point in lying.  I was a habitual slipper for a good while as well.  I used to always say that this is it I am never going to  drink again and be drunk in a week.  The last time I drank I changed what I would tell people just to this. "I will not drink today".  For some reason this clicked with me and I am having a good run at it now...For some reason when I said that it took the pressure off me!  Maybe it will help.  Don't forget that 60 days is a long time if you have a problem with booze.  Good luck you deserve this!
Honesty is always the best policy. Yeah sometimes there will be assholes who will judge you "I can't believe he/she drank! what a jerk!" But we are freakin alcoholics. This isn't Cured Anonymous. Get back on the wagon tell your sponsor and tell your group. You won't be the first nor the last to go back out and say you're coming back. We will support you.
I still love you bro give me a call whenever. 
