-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xuafk/scared_of_relapsing/

I'm scared to death of relapsing again. I've done it many MANY times before. It's always the same pattern: boredom or habit leads me to drink a little that turns into more than I intended(never really could moderate) the next few days I feel like shit for going back to drinking and am extremely anxious about whether or not it will happen again and usually end up drinking again to calm the nervousness for a short while...I don't want to do this anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay scared - it doesn't get any better but it can get way worse.        .felony worse emergency room worse..What are you doing differently?  Smart? AA? Therapy?..you know moderation doesn't work thats a good start but for may of us it took more than knowing what not to do......stay in touch
The first week was the hardest for me. It got gradually better for me after that. ..Do something else at the time you would normally drink. For me i would eat dinner then go work out then shower then bed. No chance to even pick up a drink in the evenings.
Sounds like healthy fear to me. Maybe now is the time to turn that fear into action. What can you do to make your life bearable enough to stay sober? Any chores you've been putting off or responsibilities you've ignored for too long? Any difficult "talk" you've been dreading? Anyone you need to apologize to for past misdeeds? Do you have any other destructive habits that you need to change (like too much games/porn/fries)? Getting things like these out of the way helps immensely. There is less need to relapse if life doesn't weigh a ton on your shoulders...I also recommend meditation as a long-term cure for boredom. It sounds counter-intuitive because meditation can be so boring in itself. But what many people tend to find once they get a glimpse of their thought process from a distance is that it's our *own heads* that are boring. If you can get out of your own head the world becomes a gorgeous fascinating playground...Try AA if you haven't tried it already. I would have continued relapsing (and it's not unlikely that I would be dead) if I had not started attending meetings and working the 12-step program. Today has bern another day that I was free from the need to drink and if I knew sobriety could be this relaxed I would have come to AA a lot sooner.
Being scared is good. Hopefully to better insure not taking the first drink get a counselor and a support group such as aa or SmartRecovery. It is lonely going it alone and in your case has not worked. Do something different this time. Nothing changes if nothing changes. 
Not wanting to repeat old patterns is the first step. The next is lots of little steps to ensure that doesn't happen. Hobbies hobbies hobbies. They help. Crocheting helped me because it kept my hands busy and my mind relaxed. But that's just one thing and there are many many things out there you can try. Exercise is good. SMART meetings are cool AA is good just do *SOMETHING* that you haven't done before. That breaks the cycle! And congrats on 3 days! Grow that number like mofo k??!!
Hey there... I'm right there with you meaning I've relapsed many times before as well...Just this very evening my buddies called and said they're up at the bar having a drink or two. I gotta admit I was pretty tempted! But I wound up calling my sponsor and asked her to talk me off the ledge. And it worked! I didn't go drink and instead here I am trying to share my experience with you :)..I don't know if you've ever tried AA or what you think about it but it's been a really special experience for me. The reason I keep relapsing is my lack of dedication and commitment... But this time around (and after a good talking-to from my sponsor) I'm gonna give it a try because I've found my higher power this time. And no it's **not** a deity of any sort. My higher power is my future self - the person I can be because I've gotten sober. ..Give AA a try? It can't hurt right??..Good luck!
Alcohol is a very small part of our problem. If we were well adjusted individuals before Alcohol the addiction would have never spiraled to a place of unmanageability...Putting the drink down is a important part of this because with alcohol polluting the mind we are not rational and can not see our problems for what they are. The reason why we relapse is because after we determine alcohol is ruining our lives we stop and have nothing to replace it with. Before our lives were chaos alcohol helped us. It made facing life easier it made looking at ourselves in the mirror easier it numbs the pain we didn't want to feel because of missed opportunities or the passing of loved ones. Our mind learned the alcohol will help us feel good again and if we put the drink down and change nothing else we eventually become just as dissatisfied with ourselves and lives as we were before alcohol...Change yourself. Learn new behaviors find new ways to cope SMART AA professional counseling whatever it may be that helps you do it. Because you can't do this on your own experience has proved that to us all. 
