-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xxwvg/everyones_enjoying_their_valentines_day_and_im/

At least I'm sober. At least one thing in my life is not miserable...Sometimes you think that everything is going well - you have enough motivation and buoyancy to see your future optimistic enough. Then there's days like these: Friday Valentine's Day... and BAM! it hit's you right in the most vulnerable and hard to overcome spot! It starts to get to you more and more the more you think about it the more painful this realization becomes. I don't have pets I don't maintain any relationships with any relatives I have no friends. I'm alone...Incredibly I don't feel any urge to drink at all. I'm just angry. And sad of course. I will go to sleep and hopefully tomorrow my emotional state will be refreshed. One stupid day will not divert from the right path...I'm 30 years old and I'm an alcoholic. I don't write much. I know this is not a quality post I just felt the need to write it out. Thanks!..**UPDATE:** Hi everyone! I just wanted to write an update since someone suggested that I do so...First I want to apologize for my misleading badge. No I haven't been sober for a year. I just stooped updating it since I was relapsing so often that I gave up on myself and quit fighting. Yesterday before posting I wanted to adjust it so I present myself honestly to you. Also I will not be shy to say that two weeks for me now is one of the longest streaks in my drinking life. As of today my resolve is probably the most strongest and educated than it has ever been. In near future I plan to contribute a post where I share my experience...Anyway. I'm sober and I LOVE IT! Most of you probably know this feeling. Being fresh robust and alive...Today I went to gym and bought some apples. Nothing much but simple and enough. I started to go to gym some time ago because I knew that if I want to start looking at my ambitions and future in a long run then I need to start investing in some of the tools that my future self would probably need to be successful. And one of the best tools - no matter what you want to achieve - is your body. And when I say that I go to gym to improve my body I don't mean just my body. In healthy body - healthy spirit!..I kindly appreciate your companionship thank you all!
----------immediate responses--------

You are almost a year sober what did you do last Valentine's day?  Congrats on almost a year sober.
Yep this year is better than last year next year will be even better!..I've been sober for just over 18 years now.  There are good days and bad days.  Life doesn't change much but your reaction to it can and does...It's a good time to be sober.
I keep telling myself *patience bokchoy.*..I have been going to non-drinking related events like classical music concerts art shows etc. I go to these things for personal enjoyment and also increase the odds I will interact with potentially future friends. ..My soft skills (emotional intelligence) are put to practice any chance I get. I would consider a few of my co-workers to be acquaintances and one guy we are pretty much friends now. But due to being busy with our own lives I barely hang out with him...I mentally prepared myself for today it has not been a huge shocker I will likely be home alone all night. It bums me out but I am going to continue working on my soft skills and continue to present myself to new people. ..Definitely true- I am thankful to be sober today..
Yes it's just a day. But it's a day that you'll go to bed sober and that's a pretty great thing. Give it time. Get a pet. Make some friends. Who knows. Sobriety brings its own rewards in time. I bet you'll feel great in the morning. Why not post an update then?
Dood yer so not alone. You have us! And we kick ass. (( hugs ))
Screw it. Treat yourself nice tonight. A nice dinner maybe watch a favorite movie or rock out to your favorite record. Then do something fun with your weekend...Stay sober and your life will improve. You have to learn to live sober and love yourself sober before you can be a good partner to someone else. But you stay sober and it will happen. It gets better I promise. You just need to not drink today. You can do it...Good luck.
Great post. It's how I felt a couple days ago but you articulated it much better than I could. I didnt drink and I did feel better the next day. I would not have if I had a drink. Bottom line we're here for eachother. All of us this entire community creates a special bond. You are a significant part of it. I am not a bot. I am affected by your contributions in a positive way. I try to be happy for those that are in good relationships even if now I am single; it is painful sometimes. Bogging down in the old woulda coulda shoulda doesn't make the present or the future better. I like you're post. I think you're a solid person. Good luck and see you tomorrow or in the future.
hey i'm sitting here not drinking too! and i am also 30 years old and an alcoholic! also you're not alone...you have everyone in SD!..exclamation points! ..there will be days like today but the good news is you don't have to drink and tomorrow you won't be hung over. hang in there.
Another 30 year old here alone and not drinking. Not so bad to have people in the same shoes though heh. .Enjoy your existence. That's what I'll be trying to do alone or not. 
same thing here last night...  to top it off wife wanted to drink wine so she drank and i sat in the other room trying not to think about drinking (fail!) ..but it came and went next day is here and i didn't drink--small victories.
Maybe you should get a dog. I am thinking about getting a dog. I want border collie but I don't have the time for it. I don't know why I am attracted to the herding dogs...I spent today cutting out patterns for clothes for twin babies.  I didn't drink I wanted to for a minute but I didn't!
Good. You feel angry and sad. You feel lonely. You get to feel these things instead of stuffing them and avoiding them only to have them explode out ten times worse...I am also alone on valentines day four and a half years in. Still waiting for that special someone. But I feel better about myself than I ever have before. I can experience it and still have a great day. I feel lonely but that's normal and human. 
You're never alone in this sub :)..I'm glad you were able to feel these real emotions and experience them rather than drink...Also write more. You do it well. And it helps!
There is no good reason to sit home alone thinking sad thoughts about being single. There are a lot of single people and some of them have made plans to get together and do something enjoyable. They are not at all different than you. If you met them you could include yourself in the activities. There are even organizations that do the planning for you. Just show up and concentrate on being pleased and entertained! Do enough mingling and you'll begin to have social contacts eventually friends who knows maybe even meet your soul mate! I learned to take the actions necessary to be included in the life I enjoy now. I had to overcome fear and vague unidentified feelings of stress to do it but the actions themselves were how they were overcome. Looking back I see that I was exercising "Courage". Now it's just part of my tool kit.
