-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y02ap/yesterday_marked_completing_my_11th_week_mildly/

What an insane week. I got stranded up here in Canada due to weather. Had the worst fight ever on monday (entirely my fault of course) but then somehow things got better?? I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop once I'm back in the states to be honest...but one step at a time...Even though I was so upset earlier this week my thoughts didn't immediately go to alcohol. That's crazy?? Maybe a first??? However my SO considered it - the one who I've quit for and who also quit himself (with one relapse)...It almost seemed like he was threatening drinking because he knew it would upset me. It did upset me a lot. He ended up not doing it which I'm grateful for. Hopefully this isn't indicative of something that would happen again - I really don't want to feel held hostage by someone else's sobriety situation my own is enough already. Anyone have experiences with partners like this? He's not a vindictive person. I felt awful for "driving someone to drink" as it were. Ugh...Anyway things calmed down after a few days of basically nonstop crying hahaha. I'm crossing my fingers for the next week. For even the next day. If I've learned one thing from you all it's take it one day at a time. One hour one minute if I need to. It's hard to deal with situations properly when you're trying to force your way through the present to see the future - it doesn't work. It just makes your mind reel. Got to just deal with things in small bits in the now and not try to guess every possible bad thing that could happen every moment. And most importantly gotta not drink. Still didn't do that this week somehow. in another few weeks I'll have 90 days I'm admittedly excited about that milestone. I really don't want to mess this up...Thanks as usual for your posts this week all
----------immediate responses--------

You've grown so much in 78 days LB. I'm so proud of you.
If your SO chooses to drink that is on him not you. Please do not let his choices impact your sobriety. I hope rather than getting sober for him you realize you are getting sober for yourself. You have made amazing progress! 
Nice and hopeful post congratulations on your forward progress.  
