-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y8f8p/my_first_serious_attempt_at_stopping/

So things were getting to a point for me that I have had just enough of living in this fashion. I started getting a lot of panic attacks as of recently depression and thoughts of self-harm. I found a lot of things that I would have no problems in doing previously in my life which now give me anxiety as my confidence diminishes....These are not the things that make up my personality in the past and I'm wanting to reclaim my life. ..... So after a public and humiliating panic attack / semi-break down (as I look back in time and again people were just showing genuine concern; but I can't deny those feeling either); with the potential of not being able to pay my rent and losing the apartment; I went straight to my doctor. ...After about a 30 minute conversation he calmed me down gave me a lot of helpful suggestions: Moving back in with my parents temporarily (I've been single and lived on my own for about 8 years) counselling and more exercise. He prescribed me Pristiq anti-depressants and have been checking in with him daily to check in on any withdrawal signs like the DT's. We will also be doing blood work when I am feeling better as I currently have the flu. My doctor said he wasn't surprised that something like this would happen (the flu) as I was under so much stress plus the withdrawals were bound to compromise the immune system...After the visit to the doctor I made calls to my family and friends who luckily for me were very supportive (and have been keeping tabs on me since which is appreciated). I'm currently booked in to see a psychiatrists in about 2 weeks' time. That was however to long for me to wait. So I made an appointment with my local social worker for a counselling session with Centrelink (an organisation publicly run to handle unemployment / disabilities / pensioners in Australia). She was incredibly helpful to me clearly understood what I was going through and gave me a lot of support. On top of giving me 6 weeks exemption status from any working requirements gave me some details (voluntary) of some detox and rehab hospitals...I seriously thought that I was going to need the detox unit but then the flu hit me and I've managed to do the detox unsupervised for 7 days. I still plan on doing the hospital counselling the psych and doctor because I want to attack this from every angle I can. ..Over the past year I've been trying to make a new vision of myself by being more active in the community friends family piano (old hobby) running and reading. But the alcohol and my reliance upon it always pulled me down like an anchor. It's time for a change...So I go forth looking for help where I can which leads me to this sub reddit and this somewhat confessional. I'm not na ve It may very well happen that relapse occurs. But through seeking help I'm hoping to gain the skills to minimise those events and gain copping / stress reduction skills and whatever else I may need...One thing that has surprised me in this adventure is I never knew that there was all this help out there for you when you look and ask for it...Today has been my 8th day away from alcohol the longest time I've ever been in 15 years. Today's a good day...Good day to you all...Vreenek.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow - it is wonderful that you are doing so many things to make this new life work for you. I like how you have a vision for your future - I couldn't stop drinking out of fear I needed a positive motivation. I hope you share more of your adventure on here. 
Today is indeed a good day. Keep up the good work!
Sounds like you have a great doctor - any doctor who will spend half an hour helping/talking is "doing it right"...Good luck - you'll find this subreddit another great support for you in your new adventure. 
Welcome to /r/stopdrinking.  You might find it very helpful to get to some AA or other recovery meetings.  
You are clearly ready for this. Just follow through with your plan line up support (is sounds like you have personal support now just get a professional counselor you LIKE and respect) and you can totally do this. Believe me live sober is no feat but respecting yourself is so amazing awesome. One day at a time!!
Hopefully if you follow through with your recovery plans including and especially a peer support group it will be your last attempt at stopping. 
