-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ya2vu/anxiety_issues/

Just passed 50 days. ..All is going well except this issue. I don't even think of drinking that often. .But I have the darkest thoughts wake up many times at night often find myself close to tears. .. I'm struggling to get past this new hurdle... My head spins my thoughts never stop . I'm unhappy and scared of life. .I want to disappear and I need to be surrounded at once. I never felt this before.  Maybe it's my personality maybe it has little to do with the years of drinking? .Can someone help and tell me how to deal with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at the same place as you are. It's impossible to get anything done like this! I feel your pain. People are probably going to tell you to exercise or get a hobby.
2 suggestions...-The 12 steps in AA really helped me out with the middle-in-the-night-staring-at-the-ceiling fear. Working the steps all the way through the first time took me about six months. It was a huge ordeal and I was surrounded by people who were happily sober the whole time...-It is possible you might have some kind of legitimate anxiety or depression issue in addition to having a drinking problem. I'm no doctor. Can you see a counselor or therapist or psychiatrist? They might be able to help you determine if this is just ordinary post-quitting blues or if you have a real condition...Quitting drinking after years of drinking was a miserable experience. I have no problem quitting for a couple days. The issue comes as my life drags on and on without alcohol. That's where the misery the pointlessness the anxiety comes from for me. The steps helped me out. That said I'm not diagnosed with any anxiety or depression disorder so I cannot identify easily to people that are. I know many in AA that are and they take medication in addition to the steps. ..The Steps worked for me but I also took advantage of a therapist for the first three years. Absolutely invaluable. He probably helped saved my life just as much as the program. ..And to _LB_ hobbies and exercise are cool but in my opinion they didn't provide the fundamental change to lift me out of my dire mindset to change me into a happy sober person. ..I love me some music though...
Maybe you have an mild anxiety disorder that should be treated with proffesional help. Anxiety is a big reason why a lot of people abuse alcohol. Do you remember when you fell into the habit of drinking if you even remotely felt anxious and the booze "helped" alleviate those feelings ? And have you been drinking for a very long time ? ..I had a bad anxiety issue when I was younger I did everything the psychotherapist told me to do quit drinking quit smoking jogged like a madman and still had problems with anxiety did that for two years and eventually said fuck it I tried and went the medication route for a couple of years to reset my brain so to speak. I avoided the meds up untill because of the stigma behind them but it was the only thing that helped me in the end I had tried everything else. ..
I know exactly what you're talking about. I've experienced lifelong anxiety and it is the reason I drank and or used drugs every day for 20 years. If you'd like to talk about it at length feel free to PM me.
