-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yg5m1/how_to_talk_to_my_spouse_about_aa/

Yesterday was a struggle. From the time I woke up yesterday morning all I could think about was having a drink. My husband was planning to work very late last night which drove my craving to drink even more. It would be so easy to have a bottle of wine and throw it away before he got home. He would never know. But I didn't really want to do that. I am determined to stay sober this time...So instead of drinking I went to my first AA meeting in about 6 months and it was exactly what I needed. I met some very kind people got some numbers and soaked up all of the information that I could. I came back home to an empty apartment and had absolutely no desire to drink. It was fantastic. So I decided that I would tell my husband about it when he got home from work but when he actually did get home I just couldn't tell him. ..When I was involved in AA for about a month this past summer my husband was supportive at first but quickly became annoyed and somewhat badgering about how frequently I was going to meetings. Even though he has found my secret booze stashes has seen me blackout drunk and has even taken me to the ER once for extreme alcohol intoxication (poisoning?) he still insists that I'm not an alcoholic I just need to stick to one or two drinks. When I explain that it's truly an all-or-nothing issue for me he rolls his eyes. I realize that since he still drinks (not as much as I did but he does binge-drink about monthly...) he has a vested interest in me continuing to drink...So last night even though I was proud of myself for going to a meeting instead of drinking I didn't tell him about it because I didn't want to deal with being criticized or harshly judged. However I felt guilty for hiding it from him and that guilt felt all too familiar as I have regularly hid drinking from him for the past couple years. I really feel like I need AA - or some kind of structured support system - to stay sober and I also feel like I need my husband's support. But it seems at least for now like I can't have both. If anybody has a similar experience or any suggestions at all I would really appreciate it.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow great post and I am glad for you that AA seems like a doable support system.  I also know a lot of people in AA who have the same issue you're alluding to--in fact the Big Book talks about just the problem of AA-spouses not being terribly supportive or thrilled with the recovering spouse's involvement with AA.  You are describing a normal situation.  The way to deal with this is to take care of what you need to take care of with your spouse; but do your AA program for YOUR SOBRIETY.  In other words you don't need his approval--it would be nice but that's his issue not yours.  Here's my further experience as you get sober and continue recovery this will change.  Let your consistent daily sobriety do the talking--don't try to convince him with words or well-reasoned argument.  Now I suspect that a lot of the other comments are going to accurately assess what's going on with him; my opinion is it doesn't much matter.  He will adapt as you get and stay sober.  Good luck.
I'm in the same boat as you- nearly identical as far as describing how our husbands feel about the whole thing. I am unable to go to AA because I am the primary caretaker of our 11 month old daughter. My husband too doesn't get home from his obligations until quite late leaving me alone in the house a lot- which is certainly what enabled my drinking-alone behavior...I do feel like I am hiding a lot of my "getting sober" work from my husband and it does trigger that same "sneaking around" guilt that I felt when I was hiding booze. I would love to be rid of it so I am working on talking to hubs about it little by little though I do still find his wording of things really annoying... "You totally have the right to do whatever you think you need to do..." "If you just don't *like* the taste of cocktails anymore that's fine..." In one breath he talks about how alcohol is nothing more than a tasty flavored beverage to him and anyone else in our social circle in the next he talks about how I will have to get used to being around it because all our friends really enjoy drinking.....Anyhow I totally totally get you on the guilt and sneaking around. I would love to check out AA but know that even if I was able to get to meetings logistically my husband would NOT like it. At all. I had a change in work schedule the other day that meant I could conceivably go to a woman's meeting near my home that I wanted to check out-- it ended up not working out logistically with childcare but if I'd have gone I don't think I would have told him about it...TL:DR: Not much practical advice to give but just commiseration. Hang in there sister! 
Maybe if he went to an open meeting with you?  Maybe alanon?..You are right AA can make all the difference.  With any luck he will come to understand this and want what is best for you.  
I just send the S.O. of an AA member who relapsed a "care package" of the AA big book the 12x12 the NA black book and the Alanon book.  She wanted to learn about what she was dealing with in regards to him.  She'd already regularly attending a weekly meeting with him so she was familiar with the meetings but not the program(s).
