-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ym5qo/stayed_out_of_the_office_party_yesterday/

I bailed out on friday night drinks for obvious reasons: .. I'm sporting a shiny 55 days star in this sub  I'm feeling so much better in (almost) every aspect of my life I'm proud of myself for having done the right thing and stopped self-destructing the way I was. .Above all I haven't told anyone around me that I stopped drinking -except my wife- and I know that going there would have been a certain relapse for me. ..The thing that I want to say is that it wasn't really difficult to stay away even though the person we were celebrating ( stag party ) is someone I do like.. And that is for two reasons: ..-I realized that no one is really important in my life other than my family. .-I don't have any friends at work. ..It sounds like a no brainer but it's in major contradiction with the way I was feeling until about two months ago. .I was always the first one to offer a pint after work on the friday night. I was one of the loudest most enthusiastic people during  work parties and they came around often.. I remember having drunken conversations about things like freedom gone and struggles coming early in the morning... I realize that I probably sounded like an inapropriate douchebag who's not responsible enough to have kids. ..I was trying to be popular amongst my work colleagues at the expense of what should have been really important for me. ..It's those realizations that make me advance in my effort to stay sober. I really understand why recovering alcoholics often state how important it is to take it one day at a time. .The thought of not picking up a single drink for the rest of the year sounds scary to me. For the rest of my life mostly unthinkable. ...But today I look back at myself and I can see who I really was. And I feel ashamed. .. I also think of how different my life would be today if I hadn't been drinking like that for so long.  ..It's not too late to get back into a winning life. But I'm upset at myself for taking so long to realize it. ..My point is you see this makes it really easy for me to not pick up a drink today !.....Edit: This sub is really helping me with my recovery. Thanks for being there. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!
Congratulations! A big motivation for my quitting is to realign the way I live my life with my values and principles high among them being my family.
Yay!  Good decision and...they didn't even miss you.
Congtatulations. Side note: don't be upset at yourself. It will just slow you down. The road is ahead not behind. Good luck.
I hope many new folks read this. I see so many people saying "I can still go to the bar I just won't drink" when they are early in the game. More often than not that is the start down the road to relapse.  Good for you making the right choice. You sound like you have your priorities straight!
