-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ymo0a/i_am_diseased_but_i_also_have_a_great_idea_for_us/

Hey everyone ..I have a problem with alcohol. Its not so much the frequency of drinking for me but the fact that everytime I drink I get shitfaced lose all control and make horrible decisions. I start smoking cigarettes which I quit with great difficulty and indulge in all other vices too.. i'm sure you get the point. ..My drinking cost me my dream job I blacked out at a party with my future employers/co-workers and completely scandalized them with my behavior. The thing is they all love to drink and have a good time too but I was downright insane. At one point I drank half a bottle of whiskey in a swig someone had to pull the bottle off my face. ..Anyway I don't like hangovers not knowing what retarded shit i've done and also its horrible for my health and I have a weak heart. ..Alcohol is just my gateway to a shit show. ..No more. I never wanted to be "that guy" who can never drink I felt a stigma. Not being able to relax drinking a beer with a couple of friends was something that really scared me. But I really don't care now my old drinking buddy is sober and he has turned his life around. He's told me that rather than feeling imprisioned by "not being able to drink" its freed him up. ..So i'm in guys lets do it. ..Also my idea. I also quit beating off I was doing it excessively. It killed my mojo and it was getting to the point where I was flaking on real girls to just jerk it myself. Also so much shame. So much shame. So i'm subbed to /r/nofap So i've been giving that a go too. Its fucking hard but ive been trying. So someone started this thing called nofapwar...Basically everyone signs up for the war gets divided into two teams which are further divided into regiments. The war is for around 2 months. If you fap you are basically killed in action and your team loses a point. The team with the most soldiers by the end of the war wins. ..Honestly I had given up on "nofap" but this war got me back on track. It motivates me and theres 2000 people in the war everyone talks in actually military style its pretty hilarious. It makes quitting fun and because so many people are counting on you its tougher to relapse. ..I thought perhaps we could do something similar here? Like a 30 day "waronalcohol" or something. I know it will be fun and help us all. ..What do you think? 
----------immediate responses--------

"I am diseased" makes it sound as though you it is a pervasive condition with a very negative connotation. ..I *have a disease* but it is not the sum total of who I am. 
You should definitely request a badge. It has helped me a lot. I'm three weeks sober today and this is my longest sober stretch in years.
[deleted]
Just wanted to say that I was also afraid of being "that guy". Tonight was the first time I went to a party since I quit drinking. People were drinking and when they offered me a drink I just said I don't drink anymore. They were a bit surprised and maybe asked a couple more times like "Are you sure? Maybe just one drink?" I insisted on declining though. One guy questioned me a bit asking if I had problems with alcohol and I was honest. I told them that I know if I start drinking I won't stop (what I didn't say is that I'm 100% certain I would have drank at 4 times everyone else's pace). But they respected that and I had a good time. The other thing is I wasn't the only person there not drinking so it wasn't like I was the odd one out. I think it's fairly common for there to be other non-drinkers at parties and stuff but maybe I'm wrong.  .  .Anyway while I can't relate with the /r/nofap thing I wish you the best of luck in doing what you need to do to better your life. Quitting drinking is a decision you'll never regret. :)
