-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ymsm2/i_feel_the_need_to_toss_a_buncha_random/

I'm not sure what has happened to me since the beginning of 2014 but it finally (!) feels like the pieces are starting to come together...The results (both positive and negative) of gastric bypass surgery as well as my struggles with alcohol have pretty much defined my life...It took me a very loooong time to accept the emotional ramifications that went along with making a true life change and commitment to fitness. I chose to have the surgery for health reasons but it changed absolutely every facet of my life. I am not the same person and it has nothing to do with the size of my jeans...I would beat myself up about-- "why is this upsetting you so much?"."why can't you just accept that you're a different person that you're no longer invisible or teased that people hold open doors for you instead of letting them slam in your face?"..What does this have to do with sobriety?.Well my best friend said something that made a lot of sense to me. .."You're a hatchling." Might sound silly but she is so right. I played the role of a fatgirl for 30+ years so to suddenly (relatively speaking) and with tons of (physically) hard work-transform myself from a penguin to a pterodactyl took a ton of emotional work as well. I tried to run from the fatgirl inside me and it took a long time for me to accept that she is not coming back...So much of our habits and the way we live our lives is tied up into our sense of self our identity the invisible badges we wear to tell others who we are. Becoming and staying sober is a matter of "simply" not drinking of course but part of it involves the larger matter of learning how to live life as a brand new person- without the crutch or promises of emotional comfort that alcohol may try to offer us without people that we may have thought were friends without the "easy" fix...As weird as it may sound I appreciate my "double-struggle" because I am starting to realize that the tools I used with weight loss/realization of a new identity are so very transferable to sobriety. But of course at first what did I say to myself? "Well dammit I can't eat like everyone else now I can't drink either??" I may have wallowed. I may have been bitter. But just now I can see why it all makes sense and how this is the life I was actually meant to live. Kinda powerful...The point of this ramble?  We take baby steps every day in an attempt to figure out how to navigate what essentially becomes a new universe. There is absolutely nothing easy about it and it takes a lot of work...I may even now just be truly getting that whole one day at a time thing (which can be applied to so many facets of life). Sheesh. I'm behind. Happy sober Saturday...
----------immediate responses--------

I too am a hatch-ling! Learning to be happy with oneself is a hard process.  
Interesting insights -thanks for sharing. 
My friend Calvin was saying at my home group the other night that he had always heard that the real revelations in sobriety come at about 2 years.  I don't know about that but I do know that as I get to a place where I've (in my case re-)established some longer term sobriety I am becoming confident in my understanding of our shared affliction and the way out of it.  If you're around recovery long enough you see not only what worked for you but what works for others and you can begin to translate this into credible sharing of insights.  
