-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yqy59/really_struggling_with_some_disappointment_tonight/

Got into a massive fight with a close friend at dinner.  I was talking to him about some of the strategies I'd used this week this week to stay sober as he was the one trying to get me to slow down my drinking for years...He was laughing at the idea of getting online support to stay sober and was dismissive in general.  Called me self-centered and told me I was exaggerating this whole thing so I could be a victim.  Said I didn't really have real alcoholism that I just didn't show any self-control. etc. etc.  I got defensive and it turned ugly...Drove home from dinner in tears and it's really fucking with my head.  So far the worst damage is stress eating m&ms but I'm having a hard time tonight.  The number one friend who I thought would be there for me when I confided in him completely let me down. ..Guess I just needed to write it out...  
----------immediate responses--------

| He was laughing at the idea of getting online support to stay sober and was dismissive in general. Called me self-centered and told me I was exaggerating this whole thing so I could be a victim. |..Imagine that a self-centered alcoholic?  ..Seriously your friend is like a lot of people who have never been involved in real efforts to arrest alcoholism.  They KNOW what's wrong with you but they actually don't have clue one about the real extent of the problem of alcoholism; or how it is treated.  So a well-meaning friend can have a lot of opinions about what you should do with your life but unless they themselves are in recovery--ignore their feedback in the area of your drinking or your recovery from drinking. ..I was telling one of the mods in a private exchange that I've been on the internet almost from the outset of ISPs and I started some of the early "forums" on AOL when it was the early iteration of what Reddit does so much better.  I sort of get your friends comment about getting online help; this is where he's right: anyone who's has dealt with the asshats in social networking are not going to see much value in online support and in my opinion online support does not replace physically working a recovery program like SMART or Alcoholics Anonymous.  Recovery is in part about physically moving in directions and places that are alternative to the bars beverage stores and other places we went to feed our addictions.  You really can't replace recovery with anonymous support online over the long haul other physical changes are necessary.  But here is where your well-meaning friend is wrong /r/Stopdrinking and other online recovery resources can really help support you in the important step of actually becoming abstinent from drinking.  His opinion is uninformed on this point and you can ignore your friend not fight with him.  He just doesn't know better...Which gets to my last point.  There will be many well intentioned friends and family who will have opinions about your alcoholism and sobriety for the time being you would be well-advised to focus on your sobriety and not winning debates.  Over time people who did not know or appreciate the depth of our problem will begin to marvel at how much we have changed usually for the better.  This impression of us will be based on our new consistent and positive actions not on our persuasive argument over dinner or at a party.  Good luck to you.
Your friend sounds young...To add to /u/coolcrosby's excellent insight think of it like this:  we all grow up thinking of alcoholism as something that affects "adults."  You know like Jimmy's real dad is an alcoholic or Aunt Jane is an alcoholic. When we get to be drinking age it never occurs to us that one of our friends might have a problem with alcohol. We think of that as a problem reserved for "adults" all the time not realizing that we are now adults too.  It usually takes most people until their 30's to realize that that alcoholism also affects their peers. Once you get to be 30+ and you see a few of your friends' marriages fall apart see friends lose jobs see friends still living a college kid lifestyle etc it starts to become a little more clear. ..Then there's the whole "he drinks like me" thing.  You tell your friend you're an alcoholic he thinks to himself "Hell AA_Throwaway1 drinks just like I do so if he's an alcoholic that means I'm an alcoholic too and that can't be right."  Your friend could not know the full extent of your drinking or he may be in denial himself. Or maybe he drinks as much as you but doesn't feel the urges you feel so it just doesn't register with him. Could be a lot of things...Point is it's not at all uncommon for friends to be unaccepting.  Some have their own issues going on for others it's a coming of age sort of thing.  Give your friend some time. It took you a while to come to terms with your own alcoholism. It can take friends &amp; family time to accept it too.  Give him the benefit of the doubt &amp; assume that he didn't know how to react.  He will likely come around...You might try waiting a couple of days then talking to him again or following up with an email.  All you have to say is "Listen friend I know you don't understand.  And it's not important that you understand. I don't expect everyone to understand.  But it is important to me that you support me on this. That's what friends do - support each other.  Can you do that for me?"  ..He might get something [out of this article](http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/3130/why-can-t-alcoholics-learn-to-drink-in-moderation) or one of the others linked in the FAQ...Remember you're doing this for you.  Other people's opinions don't matter one bit.  Just keep doing your thing.  Your true friends will come around.  ..Congrats on your 8 days.  :)
Sometimes close friends or spouses/SOs are threatened by the idea that you are doing something new that doesn't include them.  Also sometimes people who nag us for years to "slow down our drinking" feel a little lost when we actually do it because then what will they nag us about?  I've experienced both.  ..The only way to stay sober is *your* way.  The way that works for you.  I agree with coolcrosby that your friend may well come around in time.  Until then you do what works.
I've not yet told any of my friends or family about my decision to stop drinking.  I'm not sure how to tell them and I'm not sure how they'll take it since I don't think any of them realized how bad I've been treating myself. Suspicions maybe.  I feel like getting a good span of sober time behind me before I come out that way it doesn't sound sudden or flighty: "Hey I quit alcohol... half of a week ago."..In the mean time we have reddit.  I mean as I understand it AA is all about being able to share truthfully and anonymously and what more anonymous a platform is there than the internet*?..*(spy agencies and Facebook notwithstanding)..So if this subreddit allows us to vent to share to get advice and support then I don't see how it can be anything other than useful.
However well intentioned our friends.and family.may be unless they are in recovery they have no idea what they are really talking about. Take what they say about it with a grain of salt. If they cant support you through put them on the back burner. We cant afford to have anybody threaten our early recoverh with negativity.
I've had a similar experience before. I think many people who don't understand the mechanism of addiction think this way. They think it's overboard. Or they believe (so did I!) that it's not "that bad" until you're blacking out every day stealing alcohol become psychotic get DT if you don't drink etc. ..I've had similar issues talking about depression with my parents. "You just need to think more positively" or "I get like that sometimes too and it goes away". People just don't know what they're talking about sometimes. ..Luckily none of ~~my friends~~ the people I hang out with are very heavy drinkers or at least don't pressure. So I've decided to never say that I've quit drinking just that I'm not drinking now/today/these days. I don't think I will be ready to describe that my problem is lack of control for a while. I have a ton of other reasons to quit too so I'm going to stick to those if I feel the need to explain myself to others. Then again I don't have many close friends so I guess others who do may prefer perfect honesty and openness.
Hang in there eat another packet of m&amp;m's if you need to :)
Go see a movie. Shut yourself away in a dark theater and let your anger subside...Your friend has let you down but also doesn't understand what it is to be an alcoholic. Try and be the bigger person and be patient as they come around to the idea of your alcoholism. It's likely this friend will be mortified in time when they realise how serious you are about solving your problem...Good luck!
[deleted]
