-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yt5fe/ready_to_stop_this_stuff_before_it_ruins_all_the/

Hello everyone. I suppose I just came here to share a little bit. I have a naturally addictive personality and alcoholism runs in my family. On top of this I have struggled with depression for most of my life. I'm a binge drinker. I get extremely black-out drunk on weekends and end up doing and saying extremely regretful things that make me cringe to think about. I'm ready for a change for a few reasons. The first of which is that I would like to be healthy. I want my body to have a consistent flow of calories/nutrients-uninterrupted by alcohol. Secondly I want to stop spending full days feeling so sick I don't feel like eating. Thirdly I want to stop spending full days trying to gather information about what I might have done the night before and trying to make immense with those I love-again. ..I've been lucky enough that nothing extreme has happened to me as a result of being drunk-I have never been arrested had a DUI cheated on my S/O etc. I have however hurt myself many times. I tore my meniscus while drunk back in December. I'm just now gaining full function again. My 22nd birthday a couple years ago I took a spill that left me pretty bloody. The thing that bothers me more is how I treat my S/O. We have been through so much together (together about 5 years now). We each have had our share of problems but my drinking has become a tipping point. My S/O has said he needs to see a noticeable effort and change in my drinking habits if we are to have any kind of future together. He's the man I want to marry we have a puppy together have talked so much about the future and those are things I don't want to lose because he makes me a better person...I will have a terrible blackout night and decide I am going to stop drinking. This lasts maybe one weekend. Then I slowly go from only drinking a few to a few more to full-blown drinking again. It is as if I have no gauge of how drunk I am becoming and if I do-I don't seem to care. ..I am looking for AA meetings this week although I am nervous for some reason. I have been in NA before for pill addiction but it was much smaller groups and a more intimate setting. I don't know what to expect and I don't know how to differentiate open/closed meetings as well as where I should start. I'm here for support. This ended up longer than I wanted. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck to you I am at a similar point as well.  It seems we have good company on this site.
This post is an awesome step on your way to stopping...I could relate very much to the blackouts and treating your S/O terribly - that was me. ..If you are a blackout drinker that is where real damage to your life can occur (either a horrible fight with your S/O or even getting arrested are actually somewhat likely)...Also I am glad you are trying to address this before the consequences come and it becomes harder to stop.  I did not and things got much worse than I could have imagined.  ..Re: meetings - open are for anyone (including family members in support etc.).  Closed are for people who identify themselves as alcoholics.   ..Here is what has worked for me thus far: ..- got help (both AA and other help for depression/bipolar)..- tried to do something for my sobriety everyday..- slowly developed other activities (running cooking triathlons) to fill all of the time..- avoided slippery places (not going to bars or staying in contact with certain people)..I hope some of this helps...Good luck and keep posting.
Hi caddyre I relate to nearly everything you said right down to the pattern of staying sober all of one weekend before I start drinking again as well as the impact that my drinking is having on my relationship. Waking up with random cuts/bruises following a night of heavy drinking is also not uncommon for me. I've been in and out of AA and from my experience the people there are very kind and a great source of motivation and support. Somebody else answered your question about open/closed meetings. If you want a more intimate environment you could try a women's meeting. At least in my area the women's meetings tend to be smaller than others. Good luck to you.
Hiya a lot of what you're saying sounds exactly the same as me I started on Sunday. In my case I blow out at weekends because my weeks are so stressful and it's an escape! I hope we can support and follow each other. This is a great first step!!
EVERYONE is scared the first few times they go through those doors to an AA meeting.   It feels as if every one else knows one another and you feel like you're at a party where you weren't invited..  Most Often they have greeters to welcome you. Simply browse the pamphlet table  if there is one grab some coffee if there is any and take a seat.  Just follow along with what happens.  Say hello to someone who looks nice and tell them it is your first meeting or often during early part of meeting they will ask is anyone here new to AA or to this meeting?   A small group may take you aside to help you get started to tell you what AA is about and to offer you support...It feels weird at first but I came to the point that I would tell folks it's the cheapest form of supportive therapy I've ever encountered toss a buck in the basket but you don't even HAVE TO do that!..Go back a few times. Give them and yourself a chance. Even if you are NA also I find AA much better as the groups are larger more experience and a vast variety of people. ..IF after at least 7 meetings you find that you still aren't feeling comfortable try a different meeting. There are all women meetings there are 12 step meetings there are open meetings there are speakers meetings...All I can tell you in the end saved my life.   At least the last 18 years now.  -- Just take that first step.  And it's normal to feel nervous. Don't worry every person has felt the same.     This too shall pass. GOOD LUCK! Follow the program it saves lives.
