-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yv3qz/midrelapse_havent_told_anyone_including_my_sponsor/

Hi All..So I relapsed on a work trip. A co-worker invited me to a bar and I accepted feeling super confident in my ~60 day sobriety and then I arrive to find he'd already gotten me a beer. I drank it without a second thought. Now it's a week later I've been drinking every night (not to excess but still drinking) and I've been lying to my wife and ignoring my sponsor...I know I need to just fess up and deal with it but my brain is telling me that I can apologize to my sponsor for "being busy" and lie to my wife about drinking. I haven't fucked anything up yet so why not right!? ..Can someone talk some sense into me and give me a good sound reasons that I should make the right choice and not perpetuate the lies I've started? Thanks. I'm really sick of drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Do the next right thing. A clear conscience is a good foundation for a restart on your sobriety. Man up!
Oh I bet your sponsor already knows. ;)..If I were you I'd just suck it up and fess up. You are only hurting yourself if you don't.
Your sponsor needs to know what's going on in your life. The advice he'd give someone at 60 days sober is different than the advice he'd give someone who just relapsed.  Think of it like talking to an attorney.  You need to answer your attorney's questions truthfully.  If you don't he may be surprised by something at trial and that lack of knowledge &amp; preparation can sink you.  By hiding your relapse from your sponsor you are not allowing him to do his job.  In the end you are only hurting yourself.  Besides one of the points of having a sponsor is that you have someone looking over your shoulder to watch out for things you may not see yourself. There are people on the subreddit who are 20 years sober and still meet regularly with their sponsor...I assume that you joined AA because you needed a program to help you stop drinking right?  Then give the program a chance to work.  By not telling him you'd be half-assing it.  And then you'd never know if things could have turned out differently had you only done what was asked of you.  Your sponsor has seen relapse before.  He has also been lied to before. Guess which one of those is more palatable? ..My opinion on whether you tell your wife or not isn't really important.  My only point is that I think it's a mistake to not tell your sponsor...Tell the guy.  That's what he's there for.  
Secrets keep you sick dude. Once you start setting up that second life you disappear entirely. That's what I did...You do AA? The first paragraph on page 58 - the one they read at the start of every meeting I've been to - uses the word "honest" 3 times. They're serious about it. It's what you need to do.
It's incredibly easy for me to tell you to come clean because I'm not going to be dealing with the consequences. All I can do is tell you what I'd do in your position. For me living without alcohol is all about trying to live more honestly - some days I do better than others. ..The truth is it doesn't one bit what I or anyone else thinks here. The only person's respect you really need is your own. If lying is costing you your self-respect you already know what to do.  
You're sick of drinking and you're not comfortable lying. Is that reason enough? You've changed you don't really live this way anymore. Accept it and get on with your awesome sober life.
You had good reasons to stop 60x days ago.  They are still valid.  They will return with cousins and other thuggish friends sooner or later.  Sooner most likely...It will get worse been there done that.  Control drinking has a very limited time it will remain "ok". And then fuckit appears in your life followed by ohfuck and then I'mtrulyfucked.     Quit now...One other thing they say that being in aa ruins your drinking to a degree aa does because you know what you are doing and can't pretend it's ok.  But also you can't forget the reasons you quit in the first place...
