-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yywbs/day_1_again/

This is the 4th time that I've seriously tried to stop drinking. Each time my relapses have gotten shorter. This time it was only a week. Every single time I've relapsed it's been between 2-4 weeks of sobriety. I think I'm making progress and then suddenly I'm downing vodka like water...How do you guys keep it up? ..I know I'm violating forum rules by posting while drunk but please. I need help and don't know where to turn.
----------immediate responses--------

Get some sleep and come back tomorrow when you're sober. We'll be here for you. ..If you want what you've never had you've got to do what you've never done. How does that apply to you? Have you used a counselor and a support group for example. You almost certainly would find it easier with professional help and a support group. Outpatient treatment resources are available. Maybe you should consider rehab. Please come back tomorrow. 
I've been a chronic relapser for over 20 years. My mistakes included:..1. Not taking each relapse as deadly serious. I always just doopty-dee-dooped my way along casually shrugging it off as another fuck up and making a light-hearted pledge to quit drinking...2. I didn't up my game after each relapse. I wasn't planning on and working toward sobriety. I was making vague wishes to stay sober. After each relapse I should have been examining my method and tightening it up trying things I haven't tried or resisted before. I now go to AA. I don't care if I like it or agree with it. I kept failing and I needed to try something new that worked for others. (I'm not saying you should go to AA just that you should take stronger steps after each relapse.)..3. I didn't have a daily plan to reinforce my commitment to sobriety as the top priority in my life. I would get a few days of sobriety and then switch to maybe an exercise program with sobriety a part of that. I always quickly lost focus on the sobriety and drank again. I now start each day with sobriety focused meditation regularly recommit to sobriety during the day and close each day with a review of my commitment and how I did each day.
I keep sobriety my priority. Recently that includes starting my days on this site. I use AA. Anyone I associate with regularly learns sooner or later that I'm sober and consider myself "in recovery". It's one of the defining factors of my character. I'm aware of it everyday in the best possible way because I love my life. You can too.
I could not do it alone.   AA smart IOP programs are what many of us need.
