-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yzq5b/shame_spirals/

So on Monday I had a really rough day. I wanted to drink all morning but luckily I was confined to my desk at work. I went to an AA meeting after work which I hoped would refresh me. It was a beginners meeting but most people seemed to have a few months at least. The meeting turned into discussion of how if you are afraid to share at meetings or if you try to sound good when sharing then you are doing yourself and the group a disservice. A lot of people talked about "2 stepping" and how if you don't do all 12 steps then you're fucked. This fucked with my head because a.) I haven't had the courage to share at a meeting yet and b.) I work 30 hrs a week and go to college full time and I feel I haven't been able to give the steps enough time and attention. I'm in my last semester so it is really crucial that I pass and I am having a lot of trouble with my classes so I am a hard place where I have to decide what to prioritize. ..There was a 10 minute break halfway through the meeting and my sponsor (who was sitting next to me the whole time) said I looked pretty tense and asked what was wrong. I tried to answer but I choked up before getting any words out and just started crying. In my years of drinking and drugging I was an infrequent cryer but now I can't seem to turn the waterworks off once they start. I really really wanted to share with the group for the whole meeting but I was in such an emotional state already that I knew I wouldn't be able to get any words out without just bawling. A lot of people said things to the effect of "without sharing and 12 steps you are sure to relapse" and this just started a huge shame spiral...By shame spiral I mean: I am already ashamed that I am too scared to talk and my fear and shame are exacerbated by people saying how bad it is for my recovery to not talk. this makes me even more ashamed and emotional further ensuring that I won't be able to talk which (according to them at least) confirmed that I would relapse eventually. The thought of relapsing was the cherry on top of the shame sundae. ..My sponsor said some kind words to calm me down but my head was thoroughly fucked after that meeting. I felt a strange and unfamiliar mix of anger fear and shame. I didn't go to a meeting yesterday but I am going to one tonight. I don't know if I will be able to get myself together enough to share but I sure hope so. I don't know if I'm looking for advice or reassurance or what I just needed to explain the shame spiral thing so I would seem less crazy to myself I guess...
----------immediate responses--------

But you're sharing here and that is a good preliminary step in the right direction.  Shame is a normal emotion which is only valuable if it motivates you to get beyond the shame spiral.  Good for you for sharing with your sponsor and on SD.  Feel free to share anonymously on SD or PM any of us.  Continued good luck.
Hug
PIFFLE!                           .Put on your teflon shield and let this stuff slide off. If you want to listen and not share that's your prerogative. Maybe people are nosy and want to know what's going on with you. Well they'll just have to wait until you're ready. Don't let anyone at a meeting dump further shame on you. I understand what you mean though about the"shame spiral". ..A technique that I used to overcome fear was now don't laugh acting as though I wasn't afraid. I'd think "What would a confident person do?" and picture it in my mind and then do it myself. It's called "acting as if". ..I'm glad you posted. You're doing a great job of sharing with us. ..You aren't going to relapse because you aren't going to drink today!
There are people here with a lot of sober time who are not in AA. Not doing the steps does not mean you are automatically going to relapse. Everyone recovers differently and on their own timetable as in anything else in life...Have you considered checking into counseling options at your college? It might be helpful to do that also if you can make the time. Sometimes looking into the past and "family of origin" dynamics can be extremely helpful and could actually affect your recovery in a positive way. ..There's nothing shameful about trying to get better. No matter what you've done in the past you are trying to get help and deserve support and kindness. Don't talk if you aren't ready and post here as much as you want to!
I think the point they are making is that some how some way you need to let your true feelings out. Don't pretend thins are fine if they're not. Quit pretending and be you whoever you is. You crying shows them all they need to know. Things are bad for you right now. You are in a very vulnerable place. You are also feeling for the first time in a long time so the emotions are hitting you hard. That's all that matters. As long you aren't lying to yourself about where you're at you will be fine. You have a sponsor and share here and that's good enough until you're ready to share in meetings.
Don't listen to those who tell you the 12 steps is the only way. It's *one* way but it's not the *only* way. Unfortunately you're not likely to convince these people as this black-and-white total allegiance to the 12 steps is likely part of their strategy for sobriety. You'll even hear some people saying stuff like "if you can get sober without the 12 steps then you weren't an alcoholic to begin with."..
It took me more than 30 days of sobriety to get to the point where I could speak more than ten words at an AA meeting without bursting into tears. The first couple of weeks I just said "I'm new and I really appreciate everyone being here to help me &lt;sob&gt;." An older woman with 30+ years of sobriety called it "the great thaw" as all the emotions that you blunted with drink and drugs start catching up with you. She said that the criers are the ones who are going to make it because they have accepted sobriety as reality even if it's challenging. ..No one can tell you how to manage your own sobriety. If you don't have a drink today you are winning period. Talk when you feel like talking and don't let anyone mess with your head over it. You got this...  
Have you read any of Brene Brown's books? She specializes in studying shame I get a lot out of her books. Of course you probably don't have time to read more with school and work I remember what that's like. I find her books really inspiring she also has done some TED talks if you'd like.
