-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1z0rkf/im_scared_ill_give_in_tonight/

All the lying drunken logic is pawing at my brain tonight and it won't leave. No particular reason for tonight but I'm so bored and alone and it's so long till bedtime. I don't want to drink but I'm struggling to remember that. I just need to get through tonight. ..EDIT: Didn't drink tonight. Thank you for the support. It really truly helped. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
When I felt like you do I went to a meeting. 
Get some exercise. Stuff yourself full of food.  If you don't trust yourself leave your money and credit cards at work or give them to someone else to hold.  Try to be around sober people.  If you don't know any of those it might help you to drop in to a meeting of some sort.  You don't have to buy into the philosophy or join up but any port in a storm my friend...Everything you're feeling now *will* pass.  It's not a matter of if it's a matter of when.  You just have to make it until that when...If you drink tonight you will have to quit again.  And you will face this exact same challenge anew.  This is a bridge you are going to have to cross eventually.  Might as well do it today...Stick with it.  It gets easier.  You can do this.
Is there anything you can do to help pass the time?  Go for a walk go to the gym watch a movie call your mom call mrsixhundred's mom log into the IRC chat (sidebar) .....Try to find healthy ways to pass the time.
Organize your sock drawer.  Organize your closet.  What's under your bed?    Take it all out organize it put it back.  30 minutes of cardio.  What's in your fridge anyway?
Sorry to hear. It's a crappy feeling. Here's what I do when it feels tough:..Try to relax. I mean literally: sit or lie down and let your limbs go heavy. Let your shoulders drop. Concentrate on what that feels like in the body. If any frightening/annoying/unwanted thoughts pop into your head allow them to be there but don't let them take over your body. Some thoughts may make you want to flinch or move or get up and do something. Don't do that. Just keep on relaxing and investigating what the body feels like without judgement. It's so simple but it works. For me it kind of transmutes my obsession into something else a kind of human sadness that I can live with. When you do need to get up and do something (e.g. cook dinner) try to stay in that relaxed state...Good luck.
May I ask you a question (no need to answer here):  Do you think you have an addiction...one which makes you powerless over alcohol?  Because if you doubt at any time today/tonight/tomorrow/ forever just take a minute to read word for word what you just posted.  Now you know that you do.  Fine move on to what can you do to get through tonight.  Here are a few ideas:.     - Make sure your home is free of all substances right now.  If you have anything lying around get rid of it.  If it is not there you cannot just "slip" and pour a drink..     - Call a sober friend or family member.  Reach out and ask for some real support..     - Go to a sober support group.  Someplace that both gets you out of your home and is safe for you..     - Exercise!  Part of your current problem is a build up of stress that you are unable to relieve.  At least subconciously you are probably telling yourself that a drink would help that stress.  No it won't.  Exercise however will help it.  Make yourself physically exhausted.  When you are done reward yourself with something like ice cream cookies etc...There are many more things to do but some or all of these may help.  Good luck!
Whatever it takes! Just get through the night.  Tough times are temporary tough people last!  One day at a time. Fight!
[deleted]
Bummer sorry you are having a rough day. You can do this. What tools do you have at your disposal? (Meetings people to call stuff to get done projects to do go for a walk or run go sit in a coffee shop... etc.)..As they say in Weight Watchers "Failing to plan is planning to fail." What can we do to help you come up with a plan to win?
That drunken logic pawing at my brain IS my alcoholism.  When that happens I need to do what you're doing: share.  And truth be told I need to move my feet--exercise do a sober activity go to a recovery meeting where I'm physically present or see a counselor.  Building a network of sober friends can be a tremendous advantage.  Good luck I hope you hang in there.
Good work my man. :) I am proud of you.
If you're struggling try to interupt the pang by leaving the house calling a sober friend who knows your struggle or get to an AA meeting right away.  No one is going to judge you or shame you.  You'll get your thought processes rearranged and have some folks to talk you through this.
