-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1z8gc0/a_realistic_look_at_my_drinking_long/

I'm currently at 5 days sober coming off a 5 month run but before that 5-month run had 7 months of sobriety and had worked my 4th and 5th step. I'll preface this by saying I've been in and out of rehab since I was 15 years old for drugs and alcohol. I've had an extreme DUI been arrested for possession/theft been arrested multiple times for being drunk in public and blacked out more times than I care to share. I've ruined relationships leeched off my parents and hurt many people I cared about.  When I got sober for 7 months I was coming off an almost 5 year run with booze where I was drinking almost every day (at least 4 days a week) and using cocaine as much as I could. I was hospitalized for DT's and got released with a script for benzo's which I would use to taper for a few days before returning to binge drinking and repeating the cycle....When I went out this time my ultimate goal was to prove AA wrong   that I could indeed drink like a normal person and for a little while I was able to will myself to go out and have 1 -3 beers (though I never really enjoyed it and always wanted to drink more). I should say that during those 7 months I started surfing playing music again and started skating all of which I really didn't want to give up when I went out. Things were fine for a little while but they started escalating   especially when I took a trip to Costa Rica about 1 month   a month and a half later where I binge drank myself to blackouts 7-nights in a row and began to use drugs (I had smoked pot which had progressed from almost every weekend to daily but nothing  heavy  up until this point). Upon returning home I was able to get back into my routine and continue to go to work continue surfing drinking on Friday/Saturday/sometimes Sunday or during the week but it was the 1-3 beer thing where I didn't really enjoy it but needed a fix. Then came a 2-week period I had off from work where I went on another run   I alienated family members and ended up doing drugs again but my excuse was I never  drank in the AM  like I did when I had a  serious  problem.... It began to feel like my life was becoming really dependent on the times where I would allow myself to drink   and when I did drink I would easily take down 12   20 beers by myself if not more. My attitude changed my anxiety returned and my selfishness kicked in again I just didn't care about anyone else. I felt like I was living for the next time I could get drunk and the things that I loved to do were becoming more of a chore and an excuse for me to not go back to AA because  I still had it under control   look at all the physical activities I do  or  I never drink in the morning anymore .  ...Anyways this continued for a while and my excuse not to go back was still  I only drink on the weekends  but I started to discuss the possibility of getting sober with my therapist (who I was seeing 2 times a week). But about 1 month   1   months ago my attitude started to really change I started to get reckless   I started to drink the way I wanted to with no regard for other people and even though I was only binging for 2-3 days the terrible withdrawals returned and I found myself jolting awake hearing things and generally going through mild-severe symptoms on the really bad weekends. ...Then it happened   this past weekend I was coming off a week where I was sick with strep throat and I decided to drink on Friday things got out of control. I was up until seven in the morning drinking and doing drugs with some people I had used with before I got sober the last time. When I woke up I immediately started drinking again had a major anxiety attack and continued to drink until I fell asleep that night   hoping that I would feel better in the morning. When I woke up on Sunday I knew I wanted to get back into AA but I wasn't sure I was going to go back until the withdrawals hit   it was literally like I was in the same place from a year ago all over again. The shaking and the uncontrollable thoughts/insomnia and the anxiety were terrifying   I didn't sleep at all that night and when I went to work I was sent home because everyone was convinced I was still sick from the strep. When I got home I decided to go to the ER to make sure I didn't need benzo's again and the doctor informed me I was already far enough through it that they wouldn't be necessary  but it's still going to be painful . ...When I got home that day I reset my badge and made the decision to get back on the wagon. It wasn't easy but a few days in and I already feel better   there's no question in my mind any more that I'm an alcoholic. I need help and I need it badly because I know if I go out again I'm going to fall right back into where I left off. There won't be the  anything to not go back  type mentality because I answered my own question about my inability to drink like a normal person and I truly believe my body can't handle another run of that magnitude. ...One of the issues I've really struggled with is feeling like I fit in the rooms or that my story is  good enough    which is a perverse thought in and of itself. Yet still to this moment my mind is trying to find ways to convince me it wasn't so bad   though reading and writing this makes me feel not only humble but sad that I allowed it to get to this point again. So any feedback you may have is much appreciated. Thanks for listening..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Thanks for posting.  I always felt that way in the rooms too.  Not interesting enough or tragic enough or "cool" enough.  It's all bullshit that my head tells me but the fact remains human interaction is vital for me. I just have to learn to not compare myself to others instead to only compare myself to myself.  Easier said than done but definitely not impossible. You can do this!
Your story is enough - typical even and yeah I know that will probably piss you off some. Welcome back.
I'm so happy you've realized what a shit house drinking can be for you. Hearing your story yes it is clear you have an inability to drink without issue. But I read a thread of strength in your story and it sounds like you have your mind about you this time like you've sized up the enemy and are no longer underestimating its power...
