-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zcma1/struggling_with_not_picking_up_some_beer/

I've been alcohol free for 51 days. I really don't miss the ritual around it spending money hangovers... I am having trouble not drinking because of physical pain. I have a herniated disc and the pain is unrelenting. ..I have an appointment at the pain clinic on Wednesday I'm just worried that I won't be able to hold out until then. The pain is worst at night and I know that drinking would alleviate it at least somewhat. ..I have 15 tramadol to parcel out until I can see the doctor... Which makes me so anxious... I am not sure how I'll get through the next 3 days without breaking.
----------immediate responses--------

what is your prescribed dosage?  Have you tried alternative pain control methods? Meditation yoga? (i am not an expert here but know there are a variety of alternatives out there)..and then there is this.&gt;What happens if tramadol is consumed with alcohol?.Tramadol exerts its action directly by interacting with the brain biochemical environment. Since alcohol and alcohol metabolic products are also released in the circulation acting as CNS (Central Nervous system or brain) depressant concurrent consumption of alcohol and tramadol may lead to deleterious side effects. There could be an abnormal slowing of CNS (Central Nervous system or brain) activity with symptoms as trivial as drowsiness to as severe as depression of brain activity coma pinpoint pupils and ultimately death.
I'm sorry you are having back problems and pain and understand the temptation. I don't know how easily you move around but have you thought about going to an aa meeting? I went to aa for many reasons but one of them was distraction. During times of stress a meeting was a safe place. Sitting in a room with people who understand is calming. Also there might be someone there who could give some feedback about your situation. ..Just take it one hour one morning one evening one day at a time. Don't think "three days"; think the present time and say "I'm not drinking at this moment." ..I hope you get relief without drinking beer. 
Can you call your physician and let them know what is going on?  I'm sure they could prescribe something to get you through the next few days.  Have you spoken to them about your sobriety?  
| I have 15 tramadol to parcel out until I can see the doctor... Which makes me so anxious... I am not sure how I'll get through the next 3 days without breaking. |  ..A year ago last Thanksgiving I was out riding along a road that runs along one of the Great Lakes.  It was several weeks after Hurricane Sandy and while most of the debris had been cleaned up the road still had lots of less visible detritus.  As I did a u-turn on my road bike in an intersection at my turn around point my bike went straight down and I landed with full force on my left hip.  I fractured my left hip in two places.  Unbelievably painful.  I could not weight bear on my left leg at all.  At that point in my recovery I was +2 years sober.  ..I took the pain pills and was pretty immobile for a week; then on crutches for the next 6 weeks but get this--I was back on my road bike in 7 weeks--although I still have minor limitations from the injury even now.  I got through this without drinking or refilling my RX the same way I get through not drinking--I made a deliberate daily decision upon wakening each morning not to drink no matter what happens good or bad.  Believe me I am not a tough guy--I'm just going to focus on living each day sober.  EACH day.  Not the next 3 days not the next 8 weeks not the next year.  Just today.  ..Works for me. 
[deleted]
Please consider getting a professional massage. If you find a therapist who knows what their doing it can really help. Using traction they can create space in your spine which would allow the disc to occupy the proper space. *PLEASE note that this should be done by a professional hopefully someone with access to any xrays or MRI's you've had.* Acupuncture any alternative to help without drinking. The booze really won't help you and when you stop you'll feel it all over again. Another option would be finding a flotation tank. It's about the cost of a massage ($60/hour) but you get to be weightless. It's takes all the pressure off your joints. I would exhaust every option before picking up a drink you're more than just a body and you can take the pain! Congrats on 51 days!
