-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zf8wt/slight_variation_on_the_relapse_dreams/

I keep having these dreams where I take a drink have maybe two sips of it then decide its not worth it and put it down. ..But then I'm still annoyed at myself for breaking tinged with regret that if I broke I didn't even break 'big style'!..Can't decide if these are better or worse than the normal relapse dreams!
----------immediate responses--------

Better! In mine I'm always playing the fool in denial.
Could be worse at least you are getting some quality sleep - otherwise you wouldn't be dreaming...Dreams tell us the truth about what we really think. So if you are dreaming that its not worth drinking alcohol then there's a pretty good chance that that's what you really think...I'd take it as a good sign. If your subconscious thoughts are that drinking is not a good idea then there's a pretty good chance that if you are caught unawares - say if someone bought you a drink and gave it to you for free or if you found a bottle you had hid years ago etc - then you are not going to drink it...The trick to staying stopped is maintaining this in your subconscious for the rest of your life...Good luck.. 
I'm usually one of the people on this sub- who pooh-poohs people talking about their dreams but I heard [this Radio Lab program](http://www.radiolab.org/story/91536-dreams/) on recent research on dreams that is making me re-think my assumption that experience of dreams is just a random and meaningless phenomena.   I love Radio Lab generally speaking but this was fascinating.  From what I gather the new research suggests that dreams might be a way in which our brain "tries out" different paths or possibilities that we might not consciously be able to consider.  This makes sense for the newly sober because the alcoholic brain is still busily still probing what possible breaches in the defense against drinking might still exist?  Just a thought.  ..Still adhere to the belief that if upon awakening  each morning I make a conscious and deliberate decision not to drink--any dream of relapse means nothing to me.  
