-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zi2eb/could_use_some_tips_about_using_this_forum/

Hi-  I am still struggling a lot though have managed not to drink. I like reading this forum but I am a tad confused about how to keep track of people. It seems like I have to wade through a full list of all posts to find some folks whose advice and counsel that has helped me.  Also it is hard to keep track of someone's full journey without seeing all their posts together...Thanks-.Hope
----------immediate responses--------

That's just the nature of how reddit organizes things it seems. It can be a little chaotic...The mods here took the time to organize things in a more helpful manner on the sidebar on the right. I really enjoyed reading the "Saturday Share" archives and the "Community Wisdom" link might help you as well. After reading though those you might find some repeat posters that you want to follow; you can add them as Reddit friends. That will let you see all of their activity on the Friends tab.
Being that it's reddit it might be hard to find personal bios and Shit like that. But I'm 23 years old and have been drinking for about 11 years. I am now two months sober. You might not be able to find one person out of the million on reddit  but just know there are millions outta the world in your position. We're here. And we're glad you're a part of it. 
I would imagine you could always PM some folks you find particularly useful.  I've received them and sent them myself to let people know who I have not seen that they are not forgotten.  Positive honest support during this journey can be invaluable.
Welcome to /r/stopdrinking; sorry for the late add to your post but I'm an early to bed morning crew commenter and rare poster.  ..It doesn't take too long to get the essence of this forum.  Share-away.  I think in addition to the info on the sidebar you'll find that we are pretty honest open positive and when critical at all it comes from our own experiences.  
Welcome! ..I tend to come here about three times a day- first thing in the morning once in the afternoon and again in the evening. I just scan the first several posts under the "new" tab and then check to see if there were any responses to any discussions I was participating in (envelope in the upper righthand corner.)  I really don't "get" all the bells and whistles of Reddit (though the defining thing seems to be a notable LACK thereof) but that method seems to work for me...If there aren't any discussions I feel compelled to participate in I'll often make just an observational post of something I'm thinking about as a means of checking in or staying connected/active...I bet others have a different approach for how they use the group so I bet you'll get lots of great ideas-- at the end of the day it's how it works best for you that matters the most!
Congratulations on your 67 days friend.  There are different ways to use reddit. I personally like meandering through all of the posts to find all the little pearls of wisdom scattered around. But if you come across someone in particular you want to read more from just click their user name and read all of their posts. If you need some context to their posts click the gear on the top right of the post and select "context" which will show the comment thread where it was posted. ..Hope...what a beautiful name. :-)
