-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zn4tb/8_months_today_thanks_rstopdrinking/

Hi everyone wanted to let you know that it feels as good as everyone says....There's been a lot of struggle on this journey and I expect more to come but I've found the tools I need in AA.  It took me 5 months of misery (white knuckling) before I was ready to seek healing and support outside of r/stopdrinking but am so glad I did.  These last 3 months of sobriety have made life tremendously better and brought me some peace of mind....I'm rooting for all of us in here.  We can do this!  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations OC!  You got a good start on a whole new way of living.  
&gt;wanted to let you know that it feels as good as everyone says...Came here with a craving read this and then told that craving to go eff itself. ..Congrats on 8 months!!
Well done keep it up
&gt;It took me 5 months of misery (white knuckling) before I was ready to seek healing and support outside of r/stopdrinking but am so glad I did. These last 3 months of sobriety have made life tremendously better and brought me some peace of mind...You know in the past couple years I've never decided to go out and see what sobriety is like without 12-step. Too many amazing things have happened to me and to my life that I cannot attribute to anything else. And I don't even think about drinking anymore. I can't remember the last time I white-knuckled over alcohol...Of course I had to start worrying about all kinds of other things which is what the steps are about for me but congratulations! I have heard stories like yours a hundred times. There's something to them.
Great job! Keep rocking it!
[deleted]
Way to go! 
Yay for you orangecushion!!! I'm so happy for you that your recovery is progressing and you're living life as it was meant to be lived. With a clear head to realize the gift you've given yourself and with open eyes to see the beauty around you. ..Keep it up! :-)
