-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zvwwy/went_to_a_party_and_didnt_drink_a_single_drop_i/

Tonight I went to a house party with a group of friends. I was really nervous that I'd be tempted to drink and I almost didn't go but I thought to myself "If I let the fear of relapse prevent me from having a fulfilling social life then that's almost as bad as relapsing itself." At the party I was surrounded by people drinking all types of alcohol and I was constantly offered drinks but I refused each and every one of them (with some difficulty). It may not be a huge deal to some but I feel really proud of myself and I knew you guys would understand :)
----------immediate responses--------

I understand. It's a difficult thing to do. I did not put myself in harms way for a good deal longer than 3 days. I do remember how nervous I was when I finally attended a wedding reception. I was immediately introduced to the brother of the bride who was also newly in recovery so I knew my sister had been talking about my situation with the hosts. He wasn't too keen on being outed that way either! I'm still not drinking but I don't know what path he may have taken.
In early sobriety I let the fear of relapse keep me with dry people in dry places.  I don't tempt or test my alcoholic brain unnecessarily.
It was a big deal for me too the first time! And the second and the third.....I go out to bars and restaurants quite a lot now and often have a better time if I'm not drinking as I can focus on enjoying myself not on getting wasted. Besides my problem was drinking alone so a social setting isn't a self destruct trigger for me...I just wanted to say well done I guess and to keep up that vigilance. The best thing to know about situations like that is that people who aren't alcoholics do not think about drink anything like as much as we do if you say no thanks they'll just be on their way and not give it a second thought. ..A lot of people will warn you off being around booze in the early days but it hasn't been a trigger for me sitting home alone is more of a risk to my sobriety than being in a bar with true friends...So keep doing what you're doing. Stay strong.
Nice job! I won't put myself in risky situations like that unless there is a really important reason for me to go. I had my first test like yours on my Day 6. It was my best friend's 30th birthday party so it certainly qualified as important to me. Plus she is aware of my struggles with alcohol over the past couple years. I told her a few days in advance that I didn't plan to drink so I knew there wouldn't be any pressure from her; however I did worry that other people would ask me why I wasn't drinking. Incidentally I went and kept my red solo cup full of either diet coke or water the whole time and nobody was the wiser. I won't go out of my way to put myself in these situations any time soon but it's nice to know that I can get through it and have a good time when I need to.
In early sobriety I stayed away from alcohol because I recognized its power.  It's great that you didn't drink but risky to put yourself in such close proximity. It is a huge deal but not a situation I would repeat for awhile if you want to be safe.  
Keep slaying those triggers!
