-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zxwjn/whats_your_biggest_reason_for_quitting/

Recently it's been a real struggle to curve the urge to drink. When this happens I try to remember why I quit in the first place. The urge is so strong sometimes that it clouds the truth..Share why you quit if you don't mind.
----------immediate responses--------

I want to lose some weight I want to save some money and I'm concerned about my long term health. My drinking has been daily but relatively contained for years now. I grew out of embarrassing public blackouts and constantly flirting with duis into being a functional alcoholic. A couple of weeks ago I just decided that I'm tired of being a drunk and decided to quit.
I got tired of wanting to die every...single...day.
[deleted]
I wrote out a detailed first step and still have it somewhere. Doing so helped me internalize the reasons and over decades I've never forgotten. ..My reasons for quitting were to save my life my job my family. I was drinking 24/7 in order to keep from going into withdrawal. It was like trying to balance on the edge of a razor blade. A counselor helped me get into detox and rehab. ..When I listen to newcomers in AA it reminds me of the dangers of alcohol. I see similarities in their stories and know if I started drinking again eventually I would lose control. It wouldn't happen overnight but it would happen. ..I also filled my life with recovery by working with a counselor sponsor and doing the steps. I worked on self exploration and it let to personal growth. A full time job and raising two children as a single mother helped keep me sober. Alcohol would surely lead to abandonment of my children something I could not fathom. My children and my health were the biggest reason for quitting and staying quit. 
I arrived at a fork in my road 168 days ago. ..I can have some semblance of success. I can have happiness and close friendships. I can live a life filled with love and laughter. I can have the mornings and the sunlight. I can be close with my family and help them when they stumble. I can have financial security a positive self-image and nights of good deep sleep. I can have all that cheesy happy shit. ..OR I could continue to allow myself to drink. ..I do not get to have it both ways. I can be a human being or I can be a drunk.  
I was losing who I was in the process of drinking. I was becoming a menace to my family. I wanted better for myself. 
My life was unraveling faster than I could put bandages on it. My marriage my parenting my professional life my mental and physical health and my finances were swirling down an alcoholic toilet at an ever increasing speed. My life was without purpose and direction. There was no spark in it. I couldn't sleep during the night and was chronically exhausted from a lack of sleep. My potential ambition values and beliefs were abused and had no active part in my life. I lived everyday under a vague sense of dread that something bad was just around the corner. And that is just the tip of the iceberg for why I finally decided to quit.
