-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zy63t/created_an_account_for_help/

I have noticed a lot of people struggling with alcoholism and realized that I am not the only one. The biggest problem is the unbelievable rationalizations that I come up with to give my self an excuse to drink. For example: it doesn't really effect my body that much and it makes me more fun to be around. I keep doing it because I want to be the old man with the crazy stories and so I am always known as the crazy partier but it isn't a title I am particularly proud of. The worst part is when you run into people you don't even remember and remember you and tell you all about how crazy the stuff is that you did. I was able to go two months without drinking but it is nearly impossible to stay sober when your friends all drink. It is the social norm to grab a beer and drink but for an alcoholic it never stops with one beer it just grows and becomes uncontrollable urge until I start taking the bottles as personal challenges. I am tired of waking up with post party depression wondering who all I may have texted and and what things I might have done or said because it ends up coming down to a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde situation. My biggest question is for people who have managed to stay sober for an extended period of time what has kept you from relapsing and how do you fight the uncontrollable urge?   
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I was able to go two months without drinking but it is nearly impossible to stay sober when your friends all drink...Exactly man. When drinking is a problem stopping completely is the only real way to do it. But then you're the wet blanket with the friends. And if you have 'just one' of course it becomes ten.... and you know the rest...It's fucked.
I can't fight uncontrollable urges at least not for long.  The trick is to not get those urges in the first place.  I do that by completely abstaining from alcohol.  If I drank today I would have an urge to drink tomorrow and the next day and the next week.  The urge would probably last for a month.  Not constantly but coming and going.  That's how it works for me.  ..Remember alcohol is an addictive drug. You develop both physical and psychological dependencies on addictive drugs.  Not all people but some.  I'm one of those people. ..I have gone for long periods where I kept my drinking more or less in check but I'll tell ya it wasn't easy.  Even when I wasn't drinking I was still thinking about alcohol still looking forward to my next drink etc.  Again not constantly.  But enough of the time that it was a problem for me...And then of course there is often other work that needs to be done.  Many people drink to escape or to forget.  You've gotta fix those things about yourself that cause you to want to drink.  You've gotta find other ways to deal with life. If you've been drinking for a long time you may have learned (or forgot) those coping skills.  It's a lot like muscle atrophy - when you don't use those skills they shrink &amp; wither away...I know it all sounds overwhelming but it really isn't.  You just start doing it.  You learn as you go...I haven't felt any urges at all for a very long time now.  If I can do it you can do it too.
Once I put a decent amount of time between me and my last drink the cravings and urges just stopped being part of my daily experience. Once my daily experience was no longer orbiting around alcohol I found interest even fascination in all kinds of other subjects and activities. Life opened up in an astounding way. I wouldn't go back now for anything.
