-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zy8xq/66_days_in_today_was_a_frightening_reminder_about/

Sorry if I ramble or this is long I just kinda need to type some thoughts out...I'm in an okay place right now. An hour ago I was not...Life has been pretty fucking amazing over the last 66 days. I've seen the promises begin to come true in my life in some small as well as some major ways. No obsession or cravings at all. I checked myself into a 30 day treatment program on the 31st of December and the person I was that day and the life I was living seems almost like a dream.....Anyways this week was hard. A few days ago I could not stop thinking about going out for a drink. I was driving down the highway with the music turned all the way up and the windows down and couldn't even hear anything but my own thoughts snowballing in my head. Mostly the obsession that with all the things I've learned in this short amount of time I could drink (or weirdly enough smoke weed which I was never really into the last few years) like a 'normal' person. I could go to a bar and have a drink or two. I could pick up a tallboy at the gas station and be satisfied. I could smoke a joint and there's no way I'd end up at the dope house. I got home hit my knees and asked my Higher Power for a bit of perspective to help remove the obsessive thoughts to help me in anyway. I felt a bit better and the next few days were fine. ..Today however wasn't as fine. I woke up and did my morning prayers but was running a bit behind for work and didn't do my meditations. Looking back on it even my prayers were half assed/disingenuous. I had a long difficult but overall ($ wise) good day at work. I got off went home to change and hit up my normal 10pm candlelight meeting. ..I couldn't focus at ALL during the meeting. I can't even tell you what the meeting was about. I didn't want to be there. I didn't give a fuck about any of the people in the room. I was fooling myself and bullshitting everyone there about how 'great' this program was for me. I wasn't as bad as I had thought I didn't need to do this I knew how dark the road got and I knew how to avoid it this time. Sometime during the meeting I got the idea in my head of going to buy a bit of weed. Maybe a tall boy. I would have a little smoke a little bit to drink go to bed and tomorrow would be fine. I wouldn't go back to where I was how bad it got shaking like a leaf and suffering from 3 different withdraws outside of a treatment center with nothing left to lose. I knew better this time. ..I walked out of the meeting with an ultimatum in my head. I would call 3 or 4 people in the program who I was closest to (my sponsor and a few of the people I'd gone through treatment with and are still doing well) and if they didn't pick up or couldn't talk me out of it I was relapsing. I didn't give a fuck. No one answered and I headed to the gas station for some beer. ..God works in mysterious ways. My sponsor called back while I was pulling in the the store. I was brutally honest with him. As the words left my mouth I felt so stupid. I knew how shitty things would end up. I knew it wasn't worth it. I knew it would be a terrible decision but I didn't care. We started to talk about WHY I was having these feelings even if I knew how stupid they were. What wasn't I doing in my program that had allowed this obsession to creep back in so subtly powerful and quickly?..Long story short sobriety lost it's priority. It wasn't like I didn't care anymore but that snooze button my alarm became more important than a full prayer and meditation session to start my day. Working a little bit longer to make a little more money because more important than going to that meeting at night. Maintaining my ego and trying to 'power through' my problems became more important than calling my sponsor to admit I wasn't doing perfect every day. Hanging out at a bar with a pretty girl (but I'm staying sober! It's fine right?)  became more important than going home and doing my nightly inventory. I just lost sight in what had gotten me to this point and the subtlety of my disease caught me by surprise...Sorry I've rambled I just needed to get my thoughts down in writing somewhere and the anonymity of this subreddit is nice at 1am. Tonight I did not have a drink or use drugs for that I'm grateful and I have a new focus and perspective on what I need to do tomorrow to remain sober...My sponsor told me to look for a way to help someone. I've lurked on this sub for awhile and sometimes people venting or sharing their experiences in life has helped me. So if this helps one person then I'm glad...Thanks for letting me share :)
----------immediate responses--------

Reading this just reminded me that I chose Reddit over my morning meditation (that I would get to later maybe). I better get to it. Thanks for the share and the reminder on priorities.
Thank you. You know it helps. Reaching out is really powerful.
I've been there...So it sounds like you're doing all the footwork for the program and that's good. But there's something in your attitude that is very self destructive. Missing a nightly inventory isn't going to send you directly to skid row but flaunting your safety in early recovery by hanging out at a bar with a girl sounds like there was something about that that was triggering. You bringing it up sounds like it means something to you...You showed up to the meeting but you were letting the reservations get the best of you. The best time to voice reservations is in the meeting surrounded by alcoholics but instead you decided to set an ultimatum with everyone inside your head...I wish I could tell you how profoundly I changed in the first year of recovery. You just got out of treatment. You have so much to learn. I know I'm sounding preachy but something in your tone reminds me so much of myself. I came into treatment and AA thinking I knew exactly what was up. And every 2-3 months my mind would be completely blown and my perspective would be irreparably altered. ..I had no idea what recovery was in my first six months. I had no idea how much change I was in for what real freedom from temptation looked like and how much work how much time I would have to invest to get there. It's there waiting for you if you buckle down put one foot in front of the other and just keep going...You're doing great man. Again you remind me so much of myself. Smart self-driven knowing what all this shit was about...I know much less about life about my alcoholism about everything in year four than year one. ..I do much less daily maintenance and daily work than I did in my first year. But I do talk and maintain extremely close relations with a number of men including my sponsor on a weekly basis. I have organized my life in such a way so that I'm very very happy being sober and not having any reason to challenge it...So as a final suggestion I don't think the problem is in missing just one nightly inventory or half-assing a prayer. Everyone half-asses these things from time to time. We aren't fucking perfect. It has to do with the attitude. "Well I'm gonna fucking try. And if it doesn't feel right fuck it I'll just vent to someone after a meeting cause I'm having a bad day." At the end of the day I found that rigorous honesty with other alcoholics and working with other alcoholics was the bedrock that kept me moving forward. That and finishing steps 1-12 for the first time. The prayers and stepwork maintenance and daily shuffle were all bonuses...I think you are on to something and I hope you stick with it. I know I was glad I did...
Thanks for sharing! It's crazy how it can just sneak up when you're doing well.
