-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/202ezs/cant_stop/

Put together 14 days after my last relapse couldn't sleep was very depressed but holding it together - was on my way to a meeting last night and ended up at the store buying 3 tall cans. Wasn't enough so I drank all of my roommates liquor for good measure. Need to replace it before he gets home otherwise he'll know I'm off the wagon want to drink right now but can't because I'm at work and I have a meeting at 3 and if I lose my job I won't be able to pay rent...How did 7 months of sobriety become this fucking nightmare again?
----------immediate responses--------

Quick answer it was the first fucking drink...After your meeting at work get to another meeting. Raise your hand spill your secret otherwise it will kill you.  Pay your roommate for the booze if you buy to replace it will not make it to the shelf.  You know all of this..you are not the first to slip.  but it can be the last time you slip.
I have also been guilty of drinking other people's booze during relapses and quickly replacing it the next day before they notice. It's a bad plan though. It allowed me to just keep going in a negative pattern until I inevitably got caught. Tell your roommate what happened pay him back and revamp your sobriety plan. Maybe that means getting more support? Talking to a doctor about the insomnia and depression? Asking your roommate to remove booze from the house? Posting here is a great start now do whatever else you need to do! Good luck to you.
You can stop.  Get through today as best you can.  Tomorrow morning you make a conscious decision not to drink all day no matter what happens.  Focus only on nailing down one sober day.  Get to a recovery meeting.  Keep sharing on SD and letting us know that you're getting through the day sober.  ..C'mon you can do this.  
This is the amazing thing about this disease. After 7 months sober you'd expect 1 drink to knock you out. But instead you are instantly back where you were...My advice call this your first day back on the wagon. Call this a lesson learned that you can not drink again. Tell your roomates you will replace their liquor asap. If possible just give them cash for it instead of going into a liquor store. Don't worry about keeping it secret. ..Good luck.
