-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/202nlv/trying_to_understand_my_relapse_after_479_days_of/

I'm writing this down in hope that I'll be able to understand what was leading to my relapse on the 7th of March...Chronological order:  .4th November 2012: My first DUI  .13th Novebmer 2012: Last time I've consumed alcohol  .01st February 2013: Court order to abstain from alcohol for one year or else I wont see my driving license again  .01st February 2014: Court order fulfilled  .17th February 2014: Got my driving license  back  .7th March 2014: Relapse. 3 beers (033l x 4%) at the pool 5 beers (033l x 4%) at the bar...I have noticed that I have prepared my relapse way before taking the first sip. I have told everyone and myself that I have changed during this year of abstinence and my relationship to alcohol also changed. That was a lie. I didn't visit my meetings anymore and didn't post that often in this subreddit. I have slowly distanced myself from my support. ..Shortly before my relapse I was feeling like remote controlled. I had no power. I didn't had the urge to drink It was more a urge to not restrict myself anymore. ..The day after my relapse I had the urge to drink again. I was shocked sad and angry about that. It showed me that I didn't change. I knew where this would lead to. I would have lied myself into moderating and then slowly become the old me again. Maybe not within one week or month or year but one day It will. It took me a lot of willpower to not drink on the second day I wont be that strong the other days. I guarantee it. ..What is different now? Now I'm "allowed" to drink again. There is no court order which "forces" me to abstain abstinence. It's my own decision. I could go out now and drink as I have done at the pool and in the bar or of course even worse. But I don't want to. Sounds strange but I didn't like the effect of alcohol during my relapse. ..I want to thank this subreddit. At first I was very ashamed to come back here especially because I was so proud of my 479 days of sobriety but you have welcomed me and helped me to get back on the wagon. I'm feeling way better thinking about a sober life than a life with booze. ..I have removed the badge because I don't want to count days. It's a personal decision at the moment and I don't want to get demotivated because I have to start from day 1 again. Hope you guys understand. 
----------immediate responses--------

Slips happen but relapse doesnt have to be a part of recovery.  It took me 6 years to really surrender.  ..Were you involved in a 12-Step Program / Church / Counseling?
There is only one prerequisite to How it Works and the 1st Step--the half step of honesty.  
I'm sorry to hear yhelothere.  It's completely understandable about your badge.  I think I'd feel the same way...I hope you find the answer you're looking for (whether you want to abstain or try something else)...We're here for you!
Welcome. I'm glad you made it back.                                          .Relapse starts before you pick up the drink. It's important to explore what was happening or wasn't in the time period prior to actually drinking. I think you have the answer. 
You know you seem to have learned a lot about your self through this.  You are very self-aware and frankly I don't think you have much to be ashamed about.  What would be worrisome is if you hadn't learned from this.  I don't know about resetting the badge it does seem harsh to me and maybe I don't fully get the game but it seems to me you aren't back to day one.  I mean you went over a year without a drop then you with awareness had a drop.  Then you came back scared and aware that the problem hasn't gone anywhere.  I just don't see how that is like being at day one...If you use this event to strengthen your resolve and learn more how to prevent it then it seems you are still on the same road you have been on for over a year...
Congratulations on coming back and posting I know how it feels. I understand about the badge I understand about the shame. I understand about the autopilot. I hope to never experience my car pulling in to a 7-11 to buy malt liquor of it's own accord ever again. ..Much love and take care. Reconnect with what worked the first time around. It will work again.
SLIP= S-sobriety L-lost I-it's P-priority 
The one glaring item I noticed is not what was there but what was NOT there. From Feb. 01 2013 until Feb. 01 2014 you did not list what you were doing to build a solid foundation for sobriety. ..If the primary foundation for your sober suppor was built on lasting until Feb 01 2014 then as soon as that date passed you were left with minimal support. ..I know for me my DAILY support includes a morning assessment and commitment to  .(1) Not drink today  .(2) Work my program\*   .(3) Keep my sober support contact list handy all day...*Working my program means:  .being where I am supposed to be  .at the time I am supposed to be there  .doing what I am supposed to be doing..This is just my Daily commitment. I also sprinkle in therapeutic activities and me time during the week. ..Now chances are you may have been doing some great work but perhaps you did not recognize or give yourself credit for that work during the past year. Not recognizing your own efforts could contribute to that feeling of lack of support. You are your best support. Recognize your efforts and keep moving forward. One Day at a time. Thanks for sharing.  
479 days is still a huge personal achievement and there's no shame in relapsing we've all been there. I hope I can one day get up to that number. If you feel like you don't like the effects of alcohol then I'd say you should still try staying sober. We're here for you bro 
From your timeline it's apparent that you needed the outside pressures to keep you sober. Looks like you have great material to work with as you write about your powerlessness while going back and reworking step 1. 
[deleted]
Thanks for posting this.  You're helping me stay sober today.
I had 3 years of sobriety after going to jail for assault.  I relapsed almost immediately after I was off probation.  I don't have a good answer as to why but i suspect it has to do with the fact that I wasn't really sober for myself.
This post is very frustrating for me as I am too familiar with it. It also gives the opening for people to give generic as well as preachy advice. You get to that point where you go "What next?". It's been so long since you've drank that you kind of force yourself to forget what it does. You convince yourself that you can now control the demon. Once you get that taste it feels like it's all over. ..  I want to give you props for not being sucked back into that. The decision on the badge is also a good one. It was a great motivator but  now probably just a sore reminder. You can always have the mods return it with the days you have sober when you're ready. I feel for you but you seem to have a good handle on things :) Keep doing what you're doin!
Thank you so much for posting. I'm glad you had the courage to come back here. It sounds like you learned a lot - I hope you don't think your 479 days was a waste because it wasn't...Hugs and best of luck to you!
I could be reading my own story.  I can fast forward you along... Moderate for a while try drinking at home because you know you shouldn't drive.  Drinking at home is no fun though so you start to venture out thinking "I'll just have one or two that will be ok" 2 years later drinking multiple days per week you go out one night and forget to moderate because everyone is having a great time. You get another DUI. It costs you $10k you have to go to rehab and face loss of license for up to 5 years. You are on now on probation you have a breathalyzer installed in your car for 3 yrs once you get your license back. I don't count now either I have about 18 months. I pray you take this opportunity to get back on track.
I. If your primary motivation to recover stems from the desires of others....You will fail in your recovery. External motivation is simply not capable of producing the necessary emotional stimulation that is required to overcome the intensity of a compulsive urge over extended periods of time. The single exception to this rule is when in the course of recovery you somehow connect to your own personal reasons for wanting to change...but this is rare. If you are currently engaging in a recovery process for the sake of others expect to fail. Go through the motions if you must but somewhere down the road unless core changes are made within expect addiction to remain a part of your life for a long long time...Examples of this type of recovery motivation:.My wife says she will leave me if I don't go through treatment.Addiction treatment was part of my legal sentence.I have to attend treatment in order to see my kids again.My employer will not hire me back until I have completed treatment.Now to clarify what is meant by 'recovery failure' is not the inability to maintain abstinence. Forced abstinence can be achieved with any motivator   given sufficient intensity. Recovery failure in this context is meant as the inability to permanently transition from addiction to a healthy lifestyle...Source:http://www.recoverynation.com/recovery/recovery_workshop_001.php
