-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2030ju/just_found_out_this_morning_that_my_fianc _is/

I have been struggling with sobriety for a long time. I am a functioning alcoholic and I provide for my family. I just don't know what to do at this point. We live together have 1 year old twins together and I deeply love her. We have had problems due to health issues (medication I am taking) that leads to a low sexual desire on my end (once a week) plus drinking and diagnosed low testosterone coupled with high cholesterol. I never expected this though... I am a bottle of wine deep and sitting here watching my babies play and just want to die.. has anyone ever come back from this? is it possible to forgive and move on? I would never do anything drastic cause no matter what my babies are my number one priority. I am just so lost right now....
----------immediate responses--------

Man I wish there was something I could say or do to make it better but there's no quick fix to this. Your kids are what matter most just keep that your top priority. You already know this but alcohol is just going to amplify the shitty emotions you're feeling right now. Have you confronted her about this?
I really don't know what to say but I feel for you man. As a fellow father of twins I hope you do whatever you have to do to be a good father to them. My wife most likely cheated on me she never admitted it but I found her at an ex's house after she had just left me and my kids without even saying anything and stayed gone fore several days not answering her phone. She claims they just talked I don't know. I was going to leave her but that meant I would end up only seeing my sons every other weekend. I couldn't live with that. Whatever you do don't blame yourself. Good luck to you. One other thing my drunkenness lead to me not doing so many things for or with my kids because apparently getting fucked up was more important. I've been a pretty shitty father not abusive or anything but just the big dumb drunk who was there for them but not really there if you know what I mean. My boys are in there late teens now and with the exception of 33 days a couple years ago I'm not sure they have ever spent an evening with a sober me. Don't end up like me. So much fucking regret. Sorry for the wall of text. Good luck to you.
Hey man I just took a huge blow from my wife this last week when i found out about several affairs she'd been carrying on...We don't know yet what is going to happen to our marriage but I told her this morning: 'we've both done some shitty things to each other. Me because of my addiction and you because of your affairs.  I still love you and want the best for my stepdaughter and if you can forgive me for the shitty things I did when I was in full-on alcoholic mode now that I'm in recovery I will do my damnedest  to forgive you.'..People do shitty things and being angry and bitter is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. ..I can't tell you what to do but I know that letting go of the anger I felt last week - and clawing my way through the strongest urges to drink I've ever felt - have left me more at peace in my own mind. 
You have a lot of choices to make in the near future.  Are you going to divorce and co-parent stay together until the kids go to college determine if two household can realistically be maintained decide if you want to forgive and if so *how* to forgive?  ...You're at a fork in the road. Would you and your family be better served if you made these decisions sober?  That seems to be the most pressing decision.  
I am sorry for this heartbreak.                   .You must know that drinking affects your sexual function and doesn't mix well with medications. This being the case I don't think you are functioning all that well. "Functioning" and "alcoholic" really don't belong in the same sentence. ..I grew up with an alcoholic father. Get help and get well. 
Okay. Deep breath. You just found out about this today so it's completely natural that you are lost. And hurt. And overwhelmed. And none of this is going to be solved in a day. Couples can and do come back from this but it takes an incredible amount of work and trust building. As others have mentioned the alcohol is going to make things worse on the emotional end...Aside from the "try to quit drinking for a little while" the best I can suggest is for you to check out /r/survivinginfidelity and /r/deadbedrooms when you have a chance. The first one is self explanatory and the second sub concerns relationships where one side has high libido and the other has a low one. ..Hang in there! Remember you have two beautiful children who I am sure love and adore you :)
Well you have to re-establish control. You go out and you fuck that same guy the nastier the better take pictures make sure she sees them...I doubt she hangs out with that guy ever again! Also I'm known for giving horrible advice...On a more serious note it is possible to forgive and move on. BOTH parties have to really want that. No matter what happens don't let it be the end of your world. Things change and we can't always see the silver linings in the clouds..
Yes people come back from this and you can and will. Maybe you and your fianc  can work it out maybe you can't; but you will go on to be a fantastic father and source of stability for your kids. .You can do this. You will do this. .Grieve tonight. But from now on grieve without the alcohol. Alcohol stunts the process rather than helping it. .Seek support from family and friends..
[deleted]
[deleted]
There with you (infidelity kids etc.) and am dealing with the outfall. ..Just some thoughts--I started with "making it work" as the goal after things came to light. I spent a lot of time in a hall of mirrors before I let go of that goal let go of a particular outcome and instead started exploring why things had happened and what they said about each of us. This is what helped me let go of the fear-based anger (fear of loss) and instead move to acceptance and more self-respect. ..That coincided roughly with my last drink. I don't think these facts are unrelated. ..I still went through a lot of unpleasant shit that is not over and made some grievously stupid choices. But during it all I felt increasingly whole as sobriety took hold. I could own the mistakes of the past while not being crippled by them and take responsibility for my current choices while knowing that I'm doing the best I can. ..I tell you this to encourage you that now would be a great time to stop drinking. Whatever happens you'll benefit greatly from a clearer head and an emotional baseline that is not chemically induced. As someone who thought of himself as a functional drunk I can tell you: there is no such thing. Barely functioning. Now is when you need your best self. ..Sorry if this reads preachy--I really feel for your shock and sadness and hope you get clarity and compassion. 
[deleted]
