-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2035oh/lots_of_new_subscribers_this_is_what_helped_me/

Quitting the bottle was the most challenging thing I've ever done and easily the most rewarding.  This is how I got through the first month hump.  Maybe this can help some of you?...* Informed my spouse of my decision to quit and asked for his support.  ..* Prepared my home by having plenty of ice-cream m&ms and any comfort food I might crave.  (Some gain a little weight at first but it comes off quickly and steadily after)...* Allowed myself to indulge in as much food and sleep as I craved the first month.  I'd abused my body for so long and needed the nutrition and rest to begin to heal and repair....* When feeling anxious or uneasy I went straight to this sub and read posts or asked questions.  Used the HALT system (am I Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired?) to help identify what was wrong....* Stayed away from triggering situations and temporarily distanced myself from certain family members friends and acquaintances. ...* Gave myself permission to be completely lazy- especially during the first week.  Emotions that I'd suppressed for *years* came pouring out in unpredictable ways and the smallest thing would make me cry.  I cried a lot during the first week....* Watched tons of comedies on netflix especially 30 Rock and Frasier.  ...* To defeat the boredom and inability to sleep during the first week I recommend playing lots of video games and organize the hall closet.  ....* Exercise works wonders for the anxiety that springs up.  A simple walk around the block is enough to start easing a racing mind.  ....* I needed medical assistance to quit safely.  It is absolutely.acceptable to ask your Dr. for help- they are trained to help you and want to assist.  Was completely forthcoming with my Dr so he could treat me appropriately.....If I could have done one thing differently it would have been AA.  I had a very strong resistance to AA for various reasons and 5 months in was close to relapse.  ...If I'd known then how helpful fruitful and cathartic going to meetings and working with a sponsor was I would have done 90 in 90.  That's 90 meeting in 90 days.  Unfortunately I waited until almost relapse before I did my 90/90.  ....Good luck and I'm rooting for you!  Prepare for the thrill of watching the bloat fade away!  Enjoy having a fog lifted and seeing parts of yourself thought long-gone reemerge; desire drive compassion- all those good things that life has to offer start creeping back in.  Life gets so incredibly good!  ........
----------immediate responses--------

Wise and inspiring.               .Thanks for taking the time.
Awesome post I always look forward to your honest sharing and comments.
This is a really great post. Thank you for sharing!
This is amazing! Hit every nail on the head as then some so helpful!
This is why I'm here-for help and support of this kind. Fellow travellers make the best companions. I got into all this simply enough. started drinking in high school because it was fun continued in college because it was fun as a young single because it was fun.  Then I just continued out of momentum 40 years 4-5 beers a day every day. I don't have any dramatic stories about hitting bottom  No black outs or fistfights. It definitely helped me relax at the end of each day or so it seemed.  Over time I began to have my days revolve around getting my beer.    That daily fix was contolling me.  I hated myself for it but pretended it was just the continued innocent behavior of a guy who just likes beer- like on tv and commercials-no problem no issues. But I was subservient to this stuff and I knew it.  I think thats what started to get to me was that this inanimate object was contolling me and much of my behavior in many suble and not so subtle ways.  .When I decided to quit I was terrified I'd have this horrible withdrawal.  Not too bad.  Brain fog insane sugar /chocolate cravings and they are continuing.  I'm told they eventually fade..I had been sleeping poorly for years blamed it on a million things never thought to blame it on my drinking-duh. As soon as I quit my sleep became sound for the first time in years although with some pretty unpleasant dreams along the way.  Happy to say that last night was the first time I have slept entirely through the night in more years than can count. I know only fools declare victory at the beginning of a long battle but At this point one of the best things is that I'm proud of myself.  I did it. I stopped.  I feel like the kid that finally rides the bike when his dad lets go.  I  did this. It's a long way this is something  at least to this point I have been able to do by myself and for myself.  That alone is a great feeling.  They tell of bumps along the road. I will do my best to hold tight to the handlebars in the days ahead and will continue to check in here for encouragment. BTW  I can see how so many of these posts are so prone to metaphors. But they seem so apt.
I hope all the new folks get the opportunity to see this! I see so many posts saying "I don't have to change anything in my life I just won't drink" (if it was only that simple) You have a clear plan with support and steps to start you on the road to success. 
Thank you so much for sharing this.
Whenever I quit which is all too often I try to allow myself some lazy days. Not days to get my shit together or anything but just to relax and eat a metric shit ton of chocolate and look forward to my evening benzos. And eventually steaks and salads. It is the times that I quit that I make demands of myself to do too much are the times that I relapse quickly. As of now I'm working on longer and longer periods of sobriety. Thank you so much for your insight. 
[deleted]
Great share orangecushion.  2 things people told me during the early days were "hold onto your ass it's going to get rough" and "If you're not having fun in Recovery you're doing it wrong"...It took a while for my toxic brain to get what they were saying but it makes sense now.  I just don't drink no matter what.  Even if my ass falls off I pick it up and take it to a meeting and I just don't drink...You're positive message is awesome!
[deleted]
A terrific post. Very helpful and accurate from my experiences
Thanks for this. Real service!
With regards to AA I can't do steps 235671112.  Simple as that.  There is no god in my worldview and stopping drinking won't change that...Certainly the HALT principle would so I'll go down that path and back to moderated drinking.
This is a nice post. I agree with letting yourself off the hook re: junk food and laziness...I remember one of my first weekend nights sober I was really struggling and all I had to do was make it like another one hour until the liquor store closed and then drinking that night was no longer a possibility so I went to the grocery store bought a cherry pie and some pop and feasted on it and by the time I was all done the store was closed I was full and I don't know if I was ever happier with myself. Thanks for sharing!
Very insightful post! I pretty much did the same and started my 90/90 a month into sobriety after checking out of rehab. I also still take various B and multi-vitamins daily.Thank you for sharing was a pleasure to read :-)
I recommend going to your doctor and talking about it honestly with them whether you need medical assistance or not. They can check and see if you have done any damage via drinking and help you get healthy if needed. A good doctor can be an excellent partner in sobriety. ..There is some pretty good folk advice that you shouldn't make any major decisions for a year after losing a loved one. We basically don't think straight when we are grieving and can make some poor decisions. I think this applies to getting sober: don't make any major life-changing decisions in that first year. Just work on learning to live sober.
Reading your post made me a lil misty! Thank you. Haha im almost 60 days now. Ill get to chip at my home group which is cool :) its amazing how freeing early sobriety is. 
[deleted]
