-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/204fd9/new_to_this_day_one/

Today is day one of my sobriety and I am desperate to stay on the right path.  I've "quit" before but it has never stuck.  I've always fought the lone soldier battle and never reached out for help so I am new to this.  I'd like to share my story as well and I would love any advice materials recommended reading blogs etc. that anyone can offer...I work seasonally and Jan + Feb are incredibly slow.  I've been drinking a lot lately and my girlfriend of two years does not like it.  (She doesn't drink.)  I've never gotten violent or anything but I almost always drink to blackout and in my intoxication my words are my daggers.  Last night was bad and she walked out on me.  I have one more chance with her and I will not blow it.  I want to include her in my recovery but I don't know how...Now for the back story.  I started drinking heavily in high school to cope with my depression and insomnia.  College came around and it was still mostly social with a few days here and there where I might drink alone.  Sophomore year of college my girlfriend at the time broke up with me out of nowhere (unrelated to drinking).  That was tough and the drinking really picked up after that.  I think that was where my alcoholism took root...I first blacked out to the point where I couldn't remember ANYTHING when I studied abroad in 2011.  I also "lost it" if you will and engaged in self harm (which I had done to a very small extent in high school and a bit in college).  This was worse than I'd ever hurt myself.  It was a terrifying morning as I was finding cuts all over my body that I didn't remember making as though a demon had sliced me in my sleep.  After that I stopped drinking for about a year.  ..Then I told myself everything is fine and began to drink socially again.  I was also smoking weed regularly.  I was a moderate drinker for a long time but slowly sliding into heavy boozing again.  The only thing keeping my drinking in check was that I was getting stoned every day and didn't want to go out.  Even with the weed though I was spiraling downwards from buying a gram every month and using very rarely to an eighth a week and doing wake-and-bakes more often than not...My girlfriend finally sat me down and asked me to stop smoking so much weed.  I said OK and I did but then my drinking picked up again.  I feel like I can't go a day without being high or sober as though sobriety is some sort of weakness.  Then when I do stay sober I begin to fester this almost hatred for my girlfriend.  She leaves a plate out on the table for more than 10 minutes and I silently explode on the inside because she is the one preventing me from "relaxing" and she can't even pick up her fucking plate!  This obviously is unfair and typing it out right now actually showed me just how ridiculous I am being...Last night I was coming home from a job and bought a bottle of vodka.  To "relax".  I got home and after an hour I had a drink.  Then another.  Then another.  The girl leaves.  I have another and another and another.  I am a mess.  I hurt myself again (for the first time since 2011) and tear apart the apartment to find pills I can use to suicide.  I go to bed.  I wake up make a small (morning) Screwdriver.  Then another one.  Then another one.  Then the girlfriend comes back and tells me she's walking out for good.  I plead with her not to do that and she says that she's heard me say I'll quit too many times before.  She needs to see progress.  If I can show her that I am hopeful we can get back together...I can't continue down this path.  When I drink I hurt those closest to me.  When I smoke I don't do anything.  But I am scared and nervous.  I work in the film industry where it seems like everyone smokes pot is a functioning alcoholic etc.  Will people look down on me if they know I don't drink?  Will I lose work?  I've made quite a few good connections at bars.  What should I do?  Should I avoid those bars altogether?  Should I go there and stick to O'Douls?  Should I go and order soda?  That might be a big social misstep.  Should I go and just really really nurse one beer?  ..It should also be noted that I am 22 years old.  My youth is one thing that kept me from acknowledging my problem as though I thought that people my age can't be addicts...I love my girlfriend with all my heart and she has made me such a better person.  I have lost too many friends because I drink and become a jerk.  I have lost jobs and work has suffered because of my vices.  I want to stand tall as a great human being a great boyfriend and a great friend and I cannot do that with a glass in my hand.  ..I don't know where to turn.  If I go to AA I will likely be by far the youngest person in the room.  I am considering joining the military just to get away and give myself structure.  I'm going to go to the gym more often starting up a new hobby (maybe painting? suggestions?) reading etc.  But I am scared.  I cannot relapse or I will lose everything I value...It feels good to get it off my chest and I am sure the members here may be able to help me with advice tips etc.  I am on Day 1 and I want to do everything I can to make sure the day counter keeps going up.  I cannot and will not let my addiction become who I am.
----------immediate responses--------

I was just as confused and in as much pain as you are when I realized that I was alcoholic. I was more than a decade older so there had been more wreckage. A divorce a foreclosure tumultuous family relationships etc. I was able to stop drinking once I really new that I was one of the many people for whom alcohol would never work. There is all kinds of professional help out there and I recommend availing yourself of as much as possible. Welcome to recovery! 
&gt; If I go to AA I will likely be by far the youngest person in the room...If you're old enough to join the military I can assure you you won't be the youngest person in the rooms of AA.  In fact at 22 you'll seem like an old man to a lot of my sober friends...Congratulations on making a decision to get and stay sober.  At your age you can accomplish a great deal living a sober life.  Thanks for sharing with us.
Congratulations on day 1 and don't worry about your peers.  The vast majority of people in most industries don't care if you are drinking or not.  It's just like being another antelope don't show fear in social situations and you'll be fine...The people in AA are genuinely there to (a) get help and (b) help others.  Age is only important to you just like being awkward at a bar.  ..This is where I have to deviate however.  I've read countless accounts of the rampant use of drugs and alcohol in the military.  It's almost like the stereotype about catholic schools; rigid standards of conduct are often countered by an extreme cutting-loose.   ..
I work in the film industry too. The people at work who know I've quit have been nothing but absolutely impressed with me. This includes those in production set construction the art department etc. etc. all different kinds of people...I was a bar regular too. If you're worried about it at all stay away for at least a little bit. Don't worry about a "social misstep" when you need to focus on rebuilding your life. You really seem to care about this so there is no need to worry about "missing out" on bar things. The bar's not going anywhere. And if you do go back (sober) maybe like me you'll find it is actually really boring talking with sloshed people and you'd rather be somewhere else doing something else you like...Also I'm only a little bit older than you (newly 25) and I've easily had a problem with alcohol since maybe my late teens. You can be an addict at any age. You would certainly not be the youngest person in the room at a Young People's AA meeting and maybe not at a regular meeting depending on what part of town you go to the meeting in. I've tried maybe a few dozen different AA meetings and the makeup of the group varies *greatly*. Lots of young people...You seem to really want to do this and you should feel great about that! It is scary at first. Good things eventually start to happen if you stick with it. Welcome!!
I think you're much more likely to be lose work or be looked down upon if you are an active alcoholic. The longer I'm sober the more I realize how little non alcoholics think or care about alcohol it is often just not an issue to them. I would recommend checking out AA as that is what I have found to be helpful. I couldn't do this by myself and AA provides me with a strong support group that understands what I am going through. Just like I can read your experience here and relate to a lot of it. Especially doubts about what life would be like after I got sober. Sobriety should be your number one goal right now (in my opinion). There is hope!
.&gt;If I go to AA I will likely be by far the youngest person in the room...I'm in NYC and there's a meeting called "Never Had a Legal Drink." Like there are enough under 21 year olds to start their own meeting. You won't be the youngest. Guaran-fuckin'-tee. I thought I would be the youngest at 25. Not by a long shot.
