-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/204gb4/livejournal_post_from_five_years_ago/

So I started posting here a few weeks ago and have become very enamored of this place. Lots of good people trying to do good by other people out on the internet...I loved the internet as a kid I grew up with it but I've become discouraged in the last few years as commentary has become more nasty...Well this place is a wonderful antidote to that...I have been posting here to be helpful. I've never had a reason so far to come here for help. Posting to be as helpful as possible makes me feel a bit better and a bit more connected. I go to AA and have a tight support community out there of men that I can talk to about anything but I remember that it was like five years ago when I was alone locked in my bedroom drinking with nothing but the computer...I had that on my mind tonight and I found something I'd like to post...This is a livejournal post I made which only about 5 people read ever about five years ago. Four months after I wrote this I had a sobriety date. ..I was searching for something but I had no idea I was about to find it. But I was searching. I hope anyone searching alone with nothing but the computer can find what I found...***..TITLE: Does it ever get easier?..I've been in such an incredible writer's block for the past year. Or is it life block. Same thing. Art draws from truth which is your life. When your life starts grinding to a halt waking up in the morning becomes pretty terrifying...I had to turn my music off to write. I can't find the words with noises going on...Everything in my life has become so difficult. I simply never expected it to get this hard. It just keeps getting harder and harder I'm sure of it. I know I had a great childhood. I had stresses and frustrations and I hated getting up in the morning and I was always late and every teacher would give me naughty looks but you know that's never come back to haunt me. There was nothing lost at all for going to class late for 16 years. It was a cakewalk. Everyone just kept blessing me and blessing me. My teachers loved me. Kids loved me. Narcissistic? You weren't there. Life loved me. It really wasn't that bad at all. ..This thing I'm doing now... this isn't what I expected at all. I talked with Jon from the band and he told me how terrified he was of his old high school friends who gave up. ..I won't be one of those people because I'm only 23 and I'm already terrified. But right now at this moment I don't know what to do. I have nothing to write about myself I'm not interesting anymore. I don't meet women anymore I'm not engaging. I'm not athletic. I'm not attractive. It's these kind of thoughts that people refer to as a downward spiral but I'm not depressed. I'll never grant myself that. I've seen some seriously depressed people before and I've seen some people deal with trauma. I'm not one of them...It's easy really. I'm just weak. I was raised weak. I was raised to think wit was wisdom. I'm so goddamn witty that I could weasel my way out of any system... school work family friends as long as someone had my back. Now nobody has my back and I don't brush my teeth. Nobody has my back and I drink on weekdays. Nobody has my back and I stop working out. Nobody has my back and I don't meet girls. Nobody has my back and I watch weird porn. Nobody has my back and I don't cook. Nobody has my back and I don't write. Nobody has my back and I become uninspired. Nobody has my back and I become cantankerous. ..Cantankerous is the right word. Bitter without humor. And weak is what I am. Unable to accomplish my goals without significant unreturned favors. I'm still late. And I still tell people that I care. And I still find excuses...I'm not even going to say here that I'm going to fix it all here and now. This is march not the new year. I'm not even going to make it better. I'm not even writing this to get sympathy. ..The real reason I'm writing this is because I've written nothing else and I'm not going to get over my writer's block until I can write this much because this is all I can think about. This is all that's on my mind. This is my truth. This is my only perspective. Until I can identify with this I can write nothing else. ..The other reason the fake PS reason I'm writing this is that I can't believe I'm alone. I know for a fact that nearly everyone I know that's 23 or 24 right now is going through this in one form or another. Sure someone out there 23 might have a fullbright scholarship and is developing medical equipment logistical transport in rural New Guinea but we hate them each and every one...So for all of you out there to whom this sounds oddly familiar sound it out. You're not alone. Life was never supposed to be that easy. It's supposed to be hard. So lets get it done and try not to fuck it all up. Maybe one day I'll record it and all of us sad fucks will request it on 94.7 NRK and help make me as famous as hobo spiders...The real guitar sap shit:..As we walk to the edge of the fountain..you alone are staggering in..And as I hold your head underwater..I wonder why you're struggling still..Cause I have taken the parts worth living..sown them under my skin..As we walk to the edge of the fountain..maybe this time It'll sink in...But then..I wonder..When will it ..stop..Getting Harder..Getting Harder.So I.Smoke .a little..Maybe I.Drink too much..Maybe I .die a little..But you'll never see me .cry..***..The cheesy as fuck lyrics at the bottom are to a song I wrote which I've since recorded. Not sure if I'm ready to share that maybe I'll post a link. I wrote a few songs that last year of drinking that were in hindsight clearly a cry for help. ..Somehow someone listened. Places like this listen. Therapists listen. People in AA listen. Recovery communities the world over people listen...I'll think of some other things to post as time goes on. I like this place..It reminds me of how I used to be and gives me a chance to relate..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're here.
Thank you for sharing your experience strength and through that...hope.  It was the hope that got me here today.  Like datb I'm glad you found this little safe corner of the interwebs too to pass that along. :-)
You're one of those regulars on /r/stopdrinking that I really take time to pore over your comments and posts.  Thanks for sharing this.
