-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/208swx/update_fifth_now_seventh_day_sobereverything_is/

[This was my original post on Monday] (http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/201til/fifth_day_sobereverything_is_happening_so_fast/) in which I was asking for advice about my sponsor.  Several of you asked that I follow up...(thank you for caring!) so it's my second albeit probably not my *final* update in regards to the encounters I've had with my sponsor since Monday.  I was trying to give her a week...Monday:  I told my sponsor that I would go to the 6:30 A.M. meeting but I slept through my alarm until 6:00 a.m....totally my fault I have a  terrible time adjusting to DST but I used my lunch hour to go to a noon meeting to make up for it.  Monday afternoon I read your responses and they provided fantastic insight.  I did not keep my promise to her to try and contact a physician at my clinic that day.  Primarily because I knew that seeing as my primary doctor would be unavailable for consultation this month a physician who has never met with me would not likely authorize me weaning off of such a medication...and I really want to get my PCP's take on it...Monday night: I kept my commitment to call the sponsor.  She asked that I call her at 6:00.  I called at 6:05 and was reprimanded for calling late.  I need to be respectful and punctual.  I apologized and am feeling like dogshit at this point because I never (intentionally) want to put someone out.  Of course then she asks how the 6:30 a.m. meeting went.  I told her I failed to make it to the 6:30 one but did realize making it to at least one meeting a day was important so I used my lunch hour to go to a different one NBD had a great meeting.  Sponsor:  "You can't say you're going to go to one meeting and go to a different one.  Again this reiterates that we are selfish and irresponsible as alcoholics.  It's best you learn these things early in your sobriety."  It was then questioned what type of meeting it was...I told her it was a meeting where we read from the Twelve Traditions and we discussed Tradition Three which was a good one for me as I'm struggling with acceptance. (hinthint).  I was told: "You shouldn't be reading the traditions or from the Big Book yet.  Of course there is a lot of wonderful information there but I know people like you and you read so you can spout back information and argue."  (**Let me take this moment to re-emphasize that I am non-argumentative/ non-confrontational to a FAULT...I'm pretty much a spineless jellyfish...although my husband might tell you otherwise it's the truth! :).Next comes the question..."how did the talk with the doctor go today" This is the part where I lied to her.  I told her that the doctor I spoke with did not feel comfortable taking me off the medication since he's never met me.   I never called the doctor's office because I know my PCP isn't back until April.  I know lying to your sponsor is a cardinal sin but I did it.  Still.  She said "what did you say in response to the doctor that said he didn't feel comfortable?" I said that I just figured he didn't want to be held liable and it's kind of the decent thing for a physician to do not having ever evaluated me.  She said that I won't have a sobriety date until I stop taking all mind and mood altering medications.  I know at this point I should have said "Sponsor we need to break up."  But I didn't.  We agreed to meet at home group an hour early on Tuesday (yesterday)...Tuesday:  I arrive at the home group location 3 minutes late.  She's looking at her watch.  She asked how I was doing.  "I'm pretty good  but just warning you I have a cold!" She scoots away from me a little bit when I take a seat...and here is where I apparently fucked up big time.  I pulled out a tiny bottle of Purell from my purse and used some.  She tells me that I need to go throw it away right now.  I said..."uh..no I took this from my kids backpack.  It just occurred to me that this might be an issue and I'm sorry but I'm not going to throw it away. I just didn't want to get anyone else sick when we join hands..."  Again I'm very selfish insensitive and disrespectful to what people are going through and I could trigger someone out of long-time sobriety...Everyone else in the home-group meeting seemed really great.  They did all emphasize that they are free from alcohol and all mood/mind altering substances and medications.   My sponsor did suggest that I call the physician back that I (said I) spoke with on Monday and say "I've made the decision to stop Effexor please advise the safest way to proceed weening."  I told her that's not likely..I want to talk to my doc.  She also repeated that I as her sponsee(is that the word)? would have to refrain from visiting my parents or going home for a while.  I'm not going to keep myself or my kids away from my mom and dad.  I know I need to break it off with her.  I realize the importance of doing it sooner rather than later because I can see myself forming a strong bond with people in her home group.  I realize I should have done it Monday...Something that I found somewhat amusing(?) was that I did make it to the 6:30 meeting this morning at an AA-only facility and I saw (3) gallon jugs of hand sanitizer with pumps.  Several of the attendees used them. ..Thank you all for reading.  Has anyone else had negative experiences right off the bat with sponsors?  I kind of feel like I've been recruited into the Jonestown of AA sans the Flavor-Aid cocktails...**EDIT:  I broke it off by text message saying I wished her well but needed to figure out my own path to sobriety. I received a call from her 20 minutes later but didn't answer because I'd be under her thumb.  I still haven't listened to the voicemail.  Ugh.
----------immediate responses--------

I truly hope this woman has a nice long sit-down with her higher power sometime soon and that said higher power restores her to sanity hahaha..As for you good luck with the imminent sponsor-breakup lol. Something tells me she won't take it so well. Don't let that discourage you. You will find someone better.
Some of us are more "orthodox" than others.  .Some of this orthodoxy worries me - and the people in AA general services from what I've been told..        .in one of the steps in the 12 and 12 Bill quotes psychiatrists saying "defiance is the outstanding characteristic of many an alcoholic"...In my case this is very true.  However This does not mean I need to have my legs broken because I was late to a meeting...It is my perception that your sponsor is diverting your attention to her from your alcoholism.   She may be what you need.   Or you may need someone a little less rigid.   ..**To my mind she is not the person who should be dictating your medication.**  Its another thing if you have been showing up at meetings buzzed on oxy or whatever but that does not seem to be the case.  ..feel free to PM me if you want to discuss beyond this thread.
Sounds like you latched onto a real controlling character for a sponsor.  Hard to say over the internet whether this is something good for you or not; doesn't sound like it though--and I'm a big AA proponent.  The medication thing is between you and your doctor and unless you ask her advice--NONE of her business.  I had an AA co-sponsor at one time that I had to "cut loose."  Don't give up on AA or your home group because you got this un-lucky draw at the sponsor booth.  Get a new sponsor.  Spons-ee or sponsor-ee is common AA vernacular.  Sheesh this is frustrating for you and you those of us who know that AA works.  Why don't you PM /u/VictoriaElaine or one of the other strong women regulars to get their private input.  Good luck.
Oh wow. ..Sponsors are supposed to suggest not dictate. ..She's not a qualified medical professional and you definitely shouldn't stop your meds without feeling like you're wanting to and hopefully with the support of a medical professional. Most sponsors aren't going to take that sort of line with you. My sponsor is pretty by-the-book and takes Lexapro. He's been sober for ages...I was approached by some high-pressure people early on I resisted them. One of them on hearing him talk at later meetings I'm really glad I did. It seems like sort of a power/collecting minions thing to me. The other one I've never seen again. I think he was trying to get into my pants. AA people are not above reproach they're people too with all the flaws and amazingness that comes with that. I see self-righteous all the time. Closed minds. Bitterness. Also joy freedom and appreciation...I took my time picking a sponsor (I wasn't even sure I wanted to go that route). I listened to a lot of people then I started asking the ones that I looked up to for advice on finding a sponsor or suggestions for a sponsor. Then I paid more attention to what those people had to say. There's also a pamphlet on sponsorship at a lot of meetings I suggest you grab one and go over it sometime. Pick somebody that inspires you someone that "you want what they have". Someone you can relate with...I think the best motivation is aimed at making a better life for yourself not trying to appease arbitrary difficult demands. It's a difficult process by default you don't need somebody shaming you...The thing is you get to choose. Every step of the way. And honestly someone that makes you feel more shitty is not going to encourage you for what's a very difficult process. Maybe that works for some people...I don't know why this person is like this but I think you don't want to be like that.
My understanding is that a Sponsor is someone who has been taken through the Big Book and now takes someone else through so that they can have their own experience with it.  ..A Sponsee shouldn't be looking for a friend just guidance.  .A Sponsor shouldn't be concerned with anything but carrying the message and helping the still suffering Alcoholic...You've shown a real desire to do what it takes.  This Sponsor might believe what she's saying will help but it's not the program of AA.  It's her program.  And any program other than my own will get me drunk.  You need time to have you're own experience.  Firing people with good intentions is common in AA.  Good luck. 
This woman who is your sponsor she has given you the gift of showing you what not to do as a sponsor. You now get a chance to stand up for yourself something you mentioned as a problem and fire her. ..Anyone who doesn't want you in the literature is either not familiar with the literature herself or is afraid once you read the literature you will realize she is on her own plan and not helping you understand AA. 
Wow you need to ditch that person ASAP but I'm not going to lie your posts are very entertaining :)..Good luck finding a new sponsor and connecting with he rest of the group and congrats on a week!
As someone with a long long history of mental illness that was diagnosed long before I could legally drive let alone drink I'm sort-of worried about the culture of the whole group -- not just your sponsor -- and how it was emphasized to you at the meeting that everyone is "free" from "mind-altering" medications. I haven't been in AA very long at all but I have been to quite a few different groups and have noticed that some groups as a whole just seem much more rigid more by the Book more Christian-centered (I thought I'd accidentally stepped into a church sermon at one meeting) etc. than others. .The people of most groups will generally be *nice* and welcoming. But it's also important to find a group that meshes well with you. Not saying that you need to agree with everyone in the group but when everyone at the meeting is saying that they do not take psychotropic medications...that's sort of a red flag to me y'know? You might split with this sponsor only to end up with another sponsor who is preaching the same thing. 
I'm going to be blunt...In the other thread you were told overwhelmingly that there was something fishy about this sponsor. It's clear in AA literature and in our understanding of the program that NO sponsor dictates medical advice. Among other red flags this is simply very scary...You read and understood all these things and 'decided to give her a week'...It sounds to me like she's an emotional abuser. She trolls meetings looking for people who are emotionally fragile to get into an abusive sponsor relationship with and force them to believe that they need HER help HER abuse HER control to get sober...AA is bigger than that. There's more compassion in AA than you can see right now. I'm so sorry that this woman has wandered in to your life I hope you continue to go and find someone who has learned something of real compassion to be your sponsor. Maybe ask someone to be your temporary sponsor and tell them this story of this old sponsor to voice your concerns to see how they react....There's a group out here that's a very huge AA group it has a giant saturday speaker meeting and then four other meetings throughout the week. They have their own supplemental 'rules' like homegroup memers have a suit-and-tie dress code sponsees have to do certain service positions at certain times and I hear strange things about working the steps in groups and according to certain 'supplemental' principles. It does seem cultish because when I meet with them they say that 'they've found the real interpretation' of the big book. ..Just because one person says they found 'the way' to get sober doesn't mean they are right. AA itself says it has no monopoly on therapy. So if anyone in AA says that they do I would be skeptical. If every person who got sober in AA says they are doing it the only right way then every person who got sober in AA would be doing it wrong because everyone does it a tiny bit different. Sometimes a lot different...I worry about your reluctance to break it off ASAP. Do you feel this woman is building a pull over you?
YES I along the same lines joined a new group near my current residence met a very nice guy who I asked to sponsor me but we quickly (and mutually i think) realized that we were not a good match. After a slightly awkward conversation it was made clear that I would find another sponsor or most likely suffer the consequences of drinking till death. Harsh terms it seemed to me at the time but it drove my desire to keep my self sober and prove some one wrong so i feel i have him to thank in great part for my current sobriety. ..It did for a while feel threatening like indirectly if I didn't do what my sponsor asked me my death was assured...In retrospect my fear stems from what was going on in my life at that point and my previous sponsor seems like a really cool dude.
Wow this made me want to never go back to AA.
I don't have much to add as you have gotten plenty of good advice and you seem to have a good head with solid intentions. Just my experience: I have a fairly rigid sponsor who is not a jerk at all. He gave me structured actions to take which while at times a little stressful were extremely helpful to me. But it was something I sought out and at no time did I feel manipulated or talked down to at all. This lady does not sound very sober to me. My sponsor is part of a larger more structured group of AA that is sometimes regarded as more cultish by some and I don't entirely disagree. But many many people have gotten sober there and good for them. I take what works for me in the form of my sponsor's structured suggestions and I leave the rest. I go to one of their meetings because it's often a pretty good show but when I leave I don't really have that "just hit a meeting" feeling. For a while I had some resentments towards the group but they are just people doing what works for them and nobody is out to get me. ..My home group is very different. It is a small meeting but it has been meeting continuously for 65 years. Yes sixty five. It's traditional and old school in a very different way. It doesn't preach. It doesn't push religion. The signs still say "12 suggested steps".  There are people there with up to 35 years sobriety and there are newcomers with much less time than my myself and I'm a baby with about 100 days or so. They welcomed me encouraged me to get involved without asking anything ridiculous of me and I'm trusted to get the key and open up the space make coffee etc once a week which I thought was crazy but I haven't broken anything yet.  We don't hold hands and if you ask one of my favorite old-timers why he'll say "because this is goddamn Alcoholics Anonymous not some kumbaya hippie bullshit!" I have no problem with   holding hands but I love the group conscious not to do it. Somebody might have a problem with it and that would be a really sad reason for some poor soul not to stick around and find something that might help them. There's nothing about holding hands in the big book. Which brings me to another point. ..Of course you should read the big book if you want to. In my opinion unsolicited medical advice aside anybody who tells me not to read something is a dope at best. When AA was in its infancy groups were started all over the country and all over the world with nothing but the big book to go on. As mentioned before all you need is a resentment and a coffee pot but the big book will give you some ideas to work with. The way I see it AA is one of the world's only truly functional anarchist organizations and its pretty neat that it works as well as it does. But it is the real world and people are people. ..Well that got away from me a little bit there but if you read it I hope you find something helpful or encouraging...TL DR; Conrats you sound good. 
[deleted]
