-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20bm2h/i_had_a_dream_that_i_started_drinking_again/

Well it was a nightmare..I quit drinking two weeks ago after I knocked down a whole bottle of jack Daniels in the afternoon and proceeded to do a great number of things that go against my better judgment...It hasn't been easy but I've managed to stave off cravings for some time. Then last night I had a dream...nightmare...that I relapsed...Is that normal?...EDIT.I was so relieved when I realized it was a dream. Then in the afternoon I had this strange craving for some liquorice-flavored alcohol...but I just felt sick...Also I think it might be caused by some anxiety I'm having about this weekend. I'm going to a music festival with my friend and it'll be the first event I go to with her sober (she won't put pressure on me) but I was always a big drinker in this sort do thing
----------immediate responses--------

I believe this is quite common...I'm not sure of the psychology of it but be wary of cravings coming up as a result. Also be relieved and proud that it was just a dream...Adjusting to reality without booze can be a little strange at first. Takes some time getting used to.
Perfectly normal.  I still have the occasional drinking and/or drugging dream even after years of sobriety.
Very normal!
Very normal.  I think it goes to show how deeply embedded our addiction to alcohol is.  It's like losing a best friend or a lover when we quit.  It was always there when we needed it and now it's gone.  We kind of mourn the loss of it at first. 
Drinking dreams are a normal part of recovery; likewise when I stopped smoking many years ago I had smoking dreams.  I used to say that I thought dreams are just random firing of a our brains during REM and that the only significance was the narrative we impose when were awake ie. my dreams make me say wtf I'll just go drink is the wrong response.  ..But then I heard [this Radio Lab episode](http://www.radiolab.org/story/91536-dreams/) about the research of a Harvard professor who studied a group of subjects who were exposed to Tetris gaming just before bedtime who subsequently reported that their brains kept dreaming about Tetris solutions.  His theory is that our brains keep pinging away at conundrums that bother us.  Thinking about this I don't think it's much of a stretch to believe that our brains deprived of the old friend alcohol is "pinging away" while we sleep.  Awake we need to be aware that our alcohol-free brain wants us to return to "normal" and even while we're sleeping those neurons are firing away trying to solve the problem of how to compel us to drink again.  The answer upon awakening every morning for me is: NOPE...Oh the good news is that the dreams fade.  Good luck.
[deleted]
I know this may sound dumb but make sure even at the festival you stay busy. Try not to sit around or do things you don't want to do. 
I have them all the time. I have them about the drugs I used to do and about being back in prison!..The biggest relief was when I would wake up and find out it was all a dream!..Keep up the good work!
I haven't had one yet about booze I'm waiting patiently. But I quit smokng 27 years ago and still have dreams about having a cigarette.  In the dream I hate myself for having one and it's such a relief to wake up and see I'm still a non-smoker and I  pat myself on the back for quitting all over again. My smoking dreams have a stonger reality feel to them than your basic run of the mill dream.  I guess that shows that our bodies are willing to work extra hard even in our dreams to get us to return to addiction.  Yet it's merely a dream.  Wake up and pat yourself on the back for making it only that.
