-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20cbq7/do_i_have_to_reset_my_badge/

So a friend of mine and me booked our flight and hotels for a holiday trip and as we finished he wanted to celebrate by drinking a shotglass of some coconut liqueur stuff. I said no but he insisted on me drinking with him. So I poured as little as I could in my glass to not offend him and we drank it. I didn't even like it. ..Does this count as relapse? I feel kind of bad about it...Edit: I hate that you guys are right but well let's reset the badge and start all over. And now I won't drink for any reason at all.
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I would reset.  You intentionally drank alcohol.  It doesn't matter how much you liked it or how much your friend wanted you to...But that's me.
It's your badge so it's your call.  It depends on what the badge means to you. ..I (personally) wouldn't call taking a small sip a "relapse" but it is problematic or troublesome behavior that could lead you right back to where you were before. That's the real issue here. Reset your badge don't reset your badge whatever. How are you going to make sure this doesn't happen again? 
It depends what your badge means to you. For me it represents the last time I drank alcohol. For you it might mean something else...Much more important than the badge as OTR mentioned is the question of how are you going to avoid this in the future? If you are willing to drink to please someone else once what is going to change to keep it from happening again?
What would concern me is my lack of resolve and caving in to peer pressure. What will happen next time?
That coconut liqueur exists that's what bothers me the most...As for your friend not to judge but.......In the future learn how to say no...       ..
Whatever you do about your badge remember this is not about counting the days you been without drinking. It's not something to proudly wave around showing everyone what a good boy you've been...I had a sip of beer to see what it tasted like and I didnt count it as a relapse. What I do know is it's been a really long time since I've woken up with a terrible hangover worried about what I said to that girl last night. I do not need to drink anymore and I'm happy about that...What you need to be careful though is if you got drunk from that coconut stuff you might realised how much you missed feeling drunk and start drinking again.
This reminds me of people who urge others to have a little dessert even though everyone knows the person is on a diet. I think you should talk to your friend about this. If he is a good friend he should not be offended that you don't want to drink. 
