-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20drpw/why_do_relapses_happen_after_long_time_sobriety/

I've read plenty of reasons how someone relapsed.  But I'm trying to get on grip on why?  What really allowed/pushed someone from sobriety to taking that first drink?  Is it an impulse moment that drinking thinking found someone vulnerable enough that made the idea ok for them?  Is there any thought back on what it took to earn that sobriety and what giving it up would mean?  I've already come to the decision for myself that there is no such thing as moderation so I won't fall victim to that trap.  I want to avoid the others as well and I just can't see those bumps ahead of me yet.  
----------immediate responses--------

I suspect everyone's relapse is unique. While there are similarities they happen for unique reasons...My fear of relapse is that I will become complacent. My initial decision to quit drinking was based on fear. 'I don't want to act like that again.' That kept me sober for a week or two. But I realised during those 2 weeks that alcohol had a worse impact than that one night. It had seeped into other aspects of my life. It wasn't killing my ambition but it was creating an unnecessary obstacle in my life...I decided that if I was serious about pursuing my goals I needed to drop the burden of alcohol. Nowadays the fear of that terrible night has subsided quite significantly. I've more or less convinced myself that it wasn't THAT bad. My motivation for sobriety these days needs to come more from the fact that my life is better. I focus on the positives. My fear comes less from returning to my previous ways (that still exists) but more from fear from losing these good benefits. My health my number of days sober my focus on my goals. I can't live in fear all my life I need positives...My fear these days is that will lose those positives. Or rather they will become commonplace. Therefore I need to be constantly challenging myself. When a goal is achieved I need to immediately create another. It's a constant battle but an extremely rewarding one.
From what I've observed most people who relapse after a long period of sobriety do so because they thought one drink wouldn't matter.  It's hardly ever a divorce or illness or some other major life shattering event.  More often than not (from what I have seen) it's *heck I've been sober for so long I've learned my lesson one drink can't undo all of that.*  That often kicks off a period of drinking that lasts months or years.
[deleted]
I had almost a year four times and relapsed. Looking back I believe it was a few things:..1. Things got better and I started to coast...2. I stopped doing the things that kept me sober...3. There was a lingering part of me that thought I might once again be able to control my drinking...4. Many of the bad things the old-timers said had happened to them hadn't yet happened to me (but more and more of them did with each relapse)...5. At a deep level I still somewhat resented the idea that I was an alcoholic and felt the need to test that diagnosis over and over to be positively sure. ..6. I feared that if I made to a year I'd have to stay (I did)...Gradually it dawned on me that I should build up multiple layers of defenses (that I had previously viewed as overkill). The time I spent on these (meetings steps fellowship counseling etc.) that I was sure I couldn't afford (because I had so much catching up to do) has paid back more than 100-fold. I really had to believe it mattered in order to invest that kind of effort.
"Fuck it.".
This is something I worry about this early in I'm quite confident about not drinking over the next few months as I'm concentrating on it so much.  I'm worried I might get cocky about it 6 months from now and go down the "hey I've beaten it one wee drink won't hurt" route.  Just have to be careful. 
People are an experimental species. At a certain point it's natural and reasonable to wonder what a glass of wine is like after you've broken the spell of daily alcohol abuse. Maybe you can handle it because you've changed the way you think about alcohol? For some people they find out that they have. For others they end up sliding right back down into addiction. It's a gamble that is not worth it to many.
I managed to go 9 months without a legitimate craving.   I was furious with alcohol and everything it had cost me so booze literally never entered my mind.  I forgot completely what it was like to be drunk and have a hangover and be in a depressed hell.   I was thrilled to be a non-drinker and I thought it was all over...In fact about 6 months in something very bad happened to me and I had a "panic craving."  That is my brain told me to drink and I freaked out at the thought.   I knew it was the worst idea ever and I could not believe my brain was saying this.  I told my brain to fuck off and 15 minutes later I was fine.  I took this as further proof it was over...I guess you could say I "started to coast."   Three months later I found myself away for the weekend right after some significant changes had occurred in my life.  Some of these changes were a bit stressful but no big deal.  I also had some stressful things coming up but again no big deal.  The big deal was that some family members showed up at this place unannounced and I hated it.  There was beer in the fridge and I was trapped for 2 days.   I knew that one beer meant 30 for the weekend and I said fuck it.  Still can't quite believe it.
There is always going to be an irrational part of your brain that wants to drink again. When you get sober you can't really notice it's there. Then One day when you are at your weakest (funeral break-up lost job) it will assert itself and try like hell to get you to go back for "just one more time"...I had it happen after my grandfather's funeral last month. For about 3 hours I thought I was going to give in. It got pretty close. 
