-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20gyn9/88_days_i_dont_post_much_so_grab_your_popcorn/

So I'm coming up on 3 months without a drink. I can't fucking believe it. This is the longest I've been sober since I started drinking. And I feel pretty damned good about it....I feel so much better about myself. I'm a much better teacher. I can plan my classes thoughtfully instead of just reusing old stuff because I'm hung over.  I've lost a little weight I'm saving money and I'm just generally a better person. I don't feel like shit all the time. The biggest benefit so far though has been not feeling ashamed anymore. It's crazy. I knew that I was terribly unhappy when I was drinking but I didn't realize how much of it had to do with shame. ...I drank alone. I mean I drank everywhere but I didn't really drink until I got home and my wife was in bed. I hid alcohol from my wife. I had empty bottles stashed away all over the place because I didn't want them in the recycling where she would see. I went to a different liquor store every day sometimes two. I planned my trips ahead of time. Sometimes I had to invent an errand that needed doing right that second because I had forgotten that it was Sunday and the liquor store was closing early. If I was going out of town for the weekend I'd buy a half gallon and carefully measure out pints for Friday Saturday and Sunday inevitably drinking all of it sooner and having to sneak a trip to the store somehow. I felt dishonest and sneaky all the time. It was fucking exhausting and felt awful but I just kept doing it. And the whole time I could see how fucking stupid and obvious it was.  I never ever want to feel that way again....And I don't plan to. I'm not really on a  pink cloud  and I'm certainly not all better but I'm pretty stoked about where I am right now. The difference in the way I feel now and the way I felt 3 months ago is night and day. I do have a lot of work to do. I need to quit smoking get more exercise and make an effort to be more social. And I've still got a lot to work through mentally. I'm not averse to meetings but I haven't gone yet. ...Two things have helped me a lot. The first was this subreddit. I haven't contributed much but I've been on here every day sometimes for hours reading my same story over and over and over. Your struggles and triumphs have given me a lot of strength and helped me through some pretty rough spots. My deepest and most sincere thanks go to everyone who shares here. It gives me a lot of peace to know that I'm never alone in this. The second thing that helped me was telling my wife and my friends that I was done. I've never done that before and it took some working up to. But every single person I've told has been happy and proud even my friends who are mostly alcoholics too. They now expect me to be sober and two have told me they are thinking about quitting as well. ...One final thought and I'm done. Yesterday after class my student teacher invited my wife and I out for dinner. He asked if we drank. Without thinking I just said  I don't. I used to.  He said  Oh okay. How about Peruvian food?   And that was that. It was no big deal at all..
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos on 88 days! It's lucky in China!..&gt;One final thought and I'm done. Yesterday after class my student teacher invited my wife and I out for dinner. He asked if we drank. Without thinking I just said  I don't. I used to.  He said  Oh okay. How about Peruvian food?  And that was that. It was no big deal at all...When someone asks if I drink I say 'I don't drink these days.' It's casual but definitive. I don't like to say 'I don't drink anymore'... I don't like to hint that things got bad... but I do need it to be definitive enough that my mind cannot be changed. Just saying 'oh no thanks' can let people think I just need some persuasion. 'I don't drink these days' let's them know and gives me room to push harder with a no if need be. Has been working well for me so far.
You are right. This is a far superior way to live. Also most likely for much longer!
I like your concluding anecdote.  Lots of newcomers think this is the big communication that they are going to have to learn how to negotiate.  You nicely demonstrate that saying you don't is both no big deal and intuitive.  Can we conclude then that part of of our alcoholic brain is lying to us in early sobriety when it tells us that this will be some tremendously awkward exchange to be fretted over?  Congrats on your 88!
You hit it spot on! I was a little worried about telling family/friends that I was going to AA now may be shunned? Looked at differently? Turns out my brother has also stopped drinking my mom couldn't be happier and asked if she could join me in some meetings(little to personal but was very kind) and my friends just had questions on how it worked and why I was going. After stating the amount I drank on a daily basis for how many years they just laughed and busted my chops about not starting sooner. It put me in a even better place knowing that I had even more support and understanding from people I already care for. Now I'm on day 7 and actually excited for the day again went to work not hungover going to go work out again(get toned for the ladies (:) and am finding out I really enjoy being sober! Congrats on the 88 OP and I guess we will see you in 3 more months!
I didn't even get 1/4 of the way into my popcorn!  Feel free to share again we like happy stories!
I wasn't able to start teaching until I got sober. For me it's a never-ending gift...Well I'm sure I'll get frustrated with it at some point but for right now it's just gratitude city.
