-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20qw06/just_needed_somebody_to_share_this_with/

So. ..A little bit more of one year after I decided to step on the breaks and take a turn and a little bit over half a year after I decided I would want to change my working field with 37 years by cooking only half-time and start chasing my dream and making money with music it happened: ..I just got the handshake for mixing a complete album which looks like being released internationally which would really be a huge thing for a me being a German. ..It's not really quite chart material but might score big independent...Half a year ago I was a total noob in mixing commercially oriented music and started investing the time I wasted at the bar in reading watching hours of online-videos and participating in online-contests...The band had four preceding well-known mixing engineers try themselves out before me and they all failed. I scored a hole-in-one. :)..I am so proud of myself and if you asked me one year ago I wouldn't have thought I would ever be capable to deliver such good work...I am not allowed (and don't want) to publicly speak about it even with my closest friends until the deal is signed but I thought this would maybe serve as an inspiration for anybody here who is currently struggling with him- or herself...Keep your dreams alive and yourself steady and everything might eventually work out. :)
----------immediate responses--------

:-)..What an awesome inspiration you've put out here for us!  Thank you for sharing your hope and I wish you continued success in both your recovery and life!.
This is amazing. Thank you for posting this! Congratulations!
Fettes Ding :)
Alleluia! Thanks for sharing such inspirational good news. 
Mein Gl ckwunsch!
You better put a link to the music when it is signed.  Good luck.
That is wonderful. Good luck with the work.
Congratulations. I went to audio school 5 years ago. Alcoholism and depression kept me down for too long. Glad to hear your success. ..Are you mixing it in the box or do you have real faders and patch bays to play w?
Outstanding. Stay the course!
Thanks and congrats!
Nice job.
It's not about the equipment it's about the technique the experience and the PASSION. Much love.
Brilliant!
