-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20vh0o/flight_great_recovery_related_film/

so i just got done watching Flight starring Denzel Washington. i highly recommend it as it was very inspirational. it actually made me tear up a bit and i havent cried in years even through all the struggles of getting and staying sober. also if anyone has any other good recovery related movie recommendations please feel free to comment! we could all use some inspiration :)
----------immediate responses--------

Children of Men. It's not really a recovery movie but the lead character is a classic alcoholic and it shows from the start. Despair abounds in his world and he goes day to day constantly nipping at a bottle. There seems to be absolutely no hope. Then hope does arrive in the way that he expected the least. He gradually begins to pull himself away from the past and focus on the future... In a super awesome sci-fi action packed kind of way.
I watched it a couple times the first week I saw it. Such an accurate depiction of an alcoholic/ addicted person. He has lost everything in his life and continues to drink. I love that line where Nicole yells at him and says he's an addict and he says "no it's my choice to drink i choose to drink" and you can see he realize it's well beyond his control...The last 10-15 minutes of that film is a real tear jerker
I loved this film
Hubs &amp; I saw this right after the decision to become sober. After the movie we both went to the restroom. Hubs came back our &amp; said that another guy at the urinal said "Damn that'll sober up some alcoholics huh?" I'm not a big Denzel fan but he did an amazing job in that film.
Mini bar scene.  Beware Spoilers: ..http://youtu.be/6tYnAf7PqV0..This is my alcoholism in video form.
[deleted]
Many parts of Flight punched me in the gut. It was a bit of a shock because I didn't think it was going to be about that I thought it was going to be a thriller...but once I realized it wasn't I settled down and enjoyed it...Smashed was pretty good. Has some good actors in it too: Aaron Paul Mary Elizabeth Winstead Nick Offerman Octavia Spencer. The movie is straight up about drinking/recovery. I believe it's on netflix...or it was when I watched in a few months ago in Canada. 
Thank you for recommending this.
