-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20wf68/i_am_practically_tearing_up_with_gratitude_today/

I got out of recovery what I put into it in early recovery which was not much a bad attitude and more relapse and rehab.  When I had the willingness to try the recovery way of life and be around other alcoholics for support my life completely changed...I often thought that after my drinking I would only be able to recover some fraction of the happiness or prosperity that I would have had if I never started drinking but now I am happier and more joyful than I ever dreamed possible.  What an amazing way of life...Spirituality has been key read The Power of Now and Full Catastrophe Living (this one is about meditation completely science based)...You can do it!
----------immediate responses--------

I nominate this post for the longest title in this subreddit. ..Congrats on the improvement though! It's nice to see these things so I know all my efforts are not for nothing!
Well done on the 555 its bloody awesome. ..Thanks for the post I want what you have and its always good to be reminded that it works if you work it. 
Lovely post thanks for this.  
Thank you. I needed this today.
High ^FIVE! for 555!
Good for you on your successful journey! Do you find yourself happier now after your struggle compared to before? I feel a lot of us drink to ignore the pain of reality and to rebel out of anger against society or authority. If meditation is your thing I find that Peace is Every Step written by Thich Nhat Hanh is helpful too. It's written from a Buddhist stand point and mentions a lot about being mindful of breath smiling and syncing those with our everyday routines. Have a great day and remember to smile :)
I have felt the same way many times since I quit as well.  This is what makes it worth it.  Well done and thanks for posting..
This is good thank you - I needed a boost today. This is why we do this to live again!
Well said and an inspiration.  Congratulations on 555 days.
I read this while drinking after coming to tears struggling to resist..Your post makes me hopeful that someday I will have tears of happiness
Lovely to hear your gratitude - thanks
Congratulations! :)
