-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20wssm/5_years_sober_most_of_which_without_aa_grateful/

Throwaway because support group has my reddit and I'm trying to get some mostly unbiased outside opinions...So.. just to preface my story goes I drank and used heroin for some few years before 22.  At 22 I went to rehab IOP did the geographical thing and attended AA/NA for a steady couple years...It's been the last 3 years I haven't gone regularly at all.  I've worked steps not completed them.  Since not using or drinking and beginning this journey I've worked in a number of rehabs and have always had support in my abstinence and recovery.  I still do...I'm not looking to go buy a beer.  I don't want to drink or use today.  I've been reading about all the negative aspects of the 12 steps and I agree with a lot of them.  I also am grateful for what they have done for me so far.  ...Now the question.  I don't want to define a true alcoholic and argue about that.  I consider myself well versed in the alcoholic prose.  I want to talk to people who claim to have control or gained it have learned to moderate drinking.  Did you have time around the 12 step programs?  Did you choose to "relapse" for a reason?  How's it going?  ..Part of my thinking is that in time people learn to drink normally again.  There are studies that show it happens and I know two people personally who were in the rooms and now live meaningful lives having one once in awhile normally.  I want more information....This sub says it's dedicated to stopping or controlling which is why I'm here and not anywhere else.......tl;dr:  If you used to work a 12 step program and are drinking or using moderately after some sobriety how's that working out? Are you happy?
----------immediate responses--------

why would anyone like that be lurking on a thread called "stopdrinking"..If I could drink moderately stopping drinking would be the last thing on my mind...
I relapsed after 15 years--I drank moderately oh for about 2 weeks. Seven years later I was on the brink of suicide my professional license in shreds the IRS criminal division on my back and ultimately I went to a federal prison.  Moderate drinking nope.
Only kid I know was forced to be sober at 16 in treatment stayed sober for 6 years got into AA then changed programs into another 'process' addiction 12 step program now he drinks normally but won't do drugs...Still works 12 step though...I'd love to hear if it's working out too but honestly I think Contra is right. I want to hear from people who learned to drink moderately after problem drinking. I just don't understand it in my brain. It's not what I'd want from drinking. So the real question for me is if someone learns how drinking solves problems and provides relief how can you train yourself to take alcohol again but ignore/resist the desire for relief? Let alone cravings. The person who does that must have a differently wired brain than mine...If I got back into moderate drinking I'd be fucking celebrating to the high hills never to come back to a forum like this. Fuck if I could drink again *I'd be drunk every day all fucking day.* .You know. So nope..
I honestly don't think that exists. ..My dad likes to claim that my grandfather (on my mom's side) went from a hardcore alcoholic to a moderate beer drinker. I think it was most likely because he got so old and sick though.
After 40+ years of drinking "alcoholicly" (mostly daily and a lot) my dad now drinks only on weekends and in moderation and has for the last 10 years. He says he doesn't crave it during the week unless he's had a really long day or worked really hard.  One thing that I noticed that is different when he does drink is that he will eat beforehand and during drinking wherein before he would forgo eating because he didn't want to lose his buzz (oh how intimately I know that feeling). Since I personally believe that our alcoholic cravings and binging is tied to a blood sugar imbalance that we share this makes sense to me that this helps him not binge out like he used to. ..That said he's welcome to partake in that fashion if it makes him happy. It's just not for me. I have had a total paradigm shift in regards to my view of alcohol. I no longer see any benefit to it at all. It's basically become a non-entity to me...something of no importance in my current life whatsoever excepting the recovery from the destruction wrought from the use of it. 
Just my opinions and thoughts.....There is a difference between being an addict and being addicted to an addictive substance.  "Real" addiction is a brain chemistry issue which is triggered by any substantial feel good stimuli.  People who are not "real" addicts of course also become addicted to addictive substances (heroin/opiates cocaine in it's various forms etc) and can become addicted to not-so addictive substances as the result of prolonged regular use (alcohol for example)..I used to have various ivy league school sponsored scientific studies bookmarked that explained in detail all the brain chemistry science involved in "real" addiction.  They were lost prior to me saving my bookmarks in the cloud.  They're still out in the web.  Probably a search on "science behind addiction" would reveal some of them...For me I'm one of those "real" addicts.  I can throw rationale thought out the window when I'm getting my "fix" whether it was the drugs and alcohol 18+ years ago or playing a computer game or reading a good book today.  I can get too "high" when doing anything that rewards my brain and produced all the "happy" chemical reactions.  It's like temporary OCD for a bit.  I deal with that via 12-step programs specifically AA due to the strong service structure and the presence of stable sober people within the fellowship.  I recognize what's going on inside my head as the result of working the steps and practicing the principles in all my affairs and make grown up decisions to not let it get out of hand (most of the time successfully I'm certainly not perfect!)..Do I ever think I'd be able to ingest drugs and alcohol responsibly again?  Oh hell no!  Do I even want to be able to someday?  Oh hell no!  Why?  Because of my brain chemistry (it's like a mutation like the X-men) and I'm happier than I've ever been in my life and I continue to become happier with each passing year of sobriety in AA.  Why would I want to screw that up?  ..I hope you continue to find what works for you and find ever increasing happiness in your life.
