-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20yidm/finally_seeing_the_light_first_post/

I have been a self centered functional alcoholic from age 21 to 27 when I had my first detox.  In hindsight that is when I entered full blown alcoholism.  I am now 38 and have been attempting to control it for 11 years without success.  Very prideful with a "go it alone" mentality.  From that "experiment" I reaped 13 detoxes 6 treatments debt lost jobs and relationships your typical alcoholic consequences.  Amazingly no legal trouble and fortunately no wife or kids have had to suffer but my family has been through the wringer with me.  It has taken its toll on my Mother.  Her 35 year habit has finally gone full blown.  She had her first treatment this year.  She relapsed hard this week.  I was there for her sober as she has been for me too many times and I realized just how much it hurts to see your loved one struggle with the disease and just how much pain I have caused.  I am at rock bottom.  I am angry at how much of my life I have given to this and other substances and angry that it is now taking hold of her.  Self love was never a forte of mine neither was asking for help.  I am tired of running.  I won't be afraid to ask for help.  I actually like who I am sober but I hate this disease.  "An alcoholic in his cups is an unlovely creature."  -Big Book 3rd edition I think.  Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to /r/stopdrinking.  I hope you continue to share and post.
The alcoholic/addict mind is super-human in it's patience.  It watches as your anger disappears.  It waits for the sting of regret to soften and still it's there.  You have to do something different.  You have to radically change the ground rules.  The storm of your emotional turmoil will pass and the alcoholic/addict mind will be there waiting to taKe your hand and lead you down the same path of destruction it's led you down countless times before.  You can't maKe 'deals' with the alcoholic/addict mind.  It's got ONE deal for you.  One.  Going for broKe.  Winner taKe all and all meaning (your life).   You've got to do something different.  You Know what the 'deal' is.  You've got to do whatever it taKes to save your life.  Try AA try SMART.  DO WHATEVER IT TAKES to breaK the spell of the addict/alcoholic mind 'cause if you don't act now as if your life depended on it it will be waiting and resting on your grave...I've broKen the spell of my alcoholic/addict mind but I see him sitting there in the corner waiting for me and I'm going to spend the rest of my life maKing sure he stays on that side of the room.  Good lucK.
Thanks for posting!  Good luck my friend.
Welcome - wishing you the best on your journey. ..I have great empathy for your situation with your mother. My father isn't at the level of needing treatment but his love of alcohol is profound. It hurts my heart and has for a long time. I've known for a long time I was going to quit - recognizing my problem even while I wasn't changing my behaviors. Whereas my father has steadfastly and always resolutely denied having a problem (not to me -- but to others who have pointedd it out). ..
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you for sharing.  :)
I feel very sad reading your post. I understand man. ..When the perspective hits you about how much you fucked up... and how much you've let down other people... it fucking hurts...I don't believe in white light spiritual experiences but I believe in black hole spiritual experiences where the bottom falls out and all I can feel is hopeless hopeless hopeless empty empty empty. ..It was an experience like that that actually got me into treatment for real and AA for real. So whenever someone speaks of experiences sadness perspective shifts like you I do believe there is hope because that's what it actually took to change something.
