-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20zyyb/identity/

I was eating at a nice restaraunt last night with a friend of mine and he brought a bunch of his college buddies. He is aware and supportive of my decision to stay sober and doesn't pressure me to drink. Internally tho I found myself wanting to drink. I wanted to go buy a drink and be that guy again but at the same time I didn't want to go back down that road and feel like shit all the time and lose every thing.  I feel like I have kinda lost my identity which is a good thing considering how I was but I think  that's the hardest part of quitting is that when u have an unhealthy  relationship with alcohol it takes a part of you when u break up with it. It's so  hard to fill the void and I think that's why so many of us relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

Honest self-awareness regarding your disease and how it affects you is a great start to dealing with the perceived negatives. You should be proud!  It gets better.
I did drugs many many years ago and the day I made a conscious decision to quit I cried and cried bc I had no idea how I was going to identify with myself without drugs.  I can totally relate.  Within a year of giving up drugs I went from being the "coolest chick" among my drug friends to getting married becoming pregnant and being "the most devoted mom" among my responsible friends.  That was 13 years ago and because I redirected that energy I have the two best kids ever and a life I never could have attained while on drugs.
There is a natural grieving process that occurs when we stop drinking. It is ending a relationship a love affair that went bad. Feeling lost angry and sad is normal. It is a "break up". First I had to get comfortable with the void. Then I had to find healthy ways to fill it. Having a counselor and getting involved in AA helped me fill the emptiness. Even though an atheist I found a way to take what helped and that was plenty. The steps opened a door to a program of personal discovery and growth that led to a lifetime of recovery. ..I wish you well on your recovery journey. Thanks for your post. 
You are creating a sober identity.   It takes time. But the good news is you can be the person you want to be.
I've been with this ball of mercury myself going through the whole silliness from "adjectives describing myself" to "my life's purpose" to "mission statement" of what I'd like to do -- stuff that helps me feel like an actual person let alone sometimes happy...It's tricky stuff. Expect lots of honest thinking over a good period of time.
I was out with several of my sponsorees last night at a local restaurant and this very subject came up. We admit that our pasts and our present ARE different.  In my case thank God I was a pretty puffed up piece of work--after I had been sober awhile I had that who-do-you-want-to-be-moment(?).  In hindsight and this isn't a knock on you but I realize how incredibly grandiose I was being.  Why isn't it sufficient to just be the best possible person I can be today?  I realize that I want to have some goals but the fact is: nothing I want or want to be is improved one jot by returning to alcohol use.  I really did have enough time to grow the f#ck up.  Today I'm still working on precisely that person and I like myself a whole lot better now.
I get this. I see myself as boring a lot now but I'm trying to be patient. Don't rush. Don't run. Just get used to sobriety and see what sort of person emerges. ..Keep on going!
Give yourself time your 'new you' is developing as we write. I think it took me about two years to get there where me being a non-drinker was incorporated into my default identify. Some get there quicker some slower but if you stay sober it will come. ..Somewhere along the way will come the realization internalized that most people really don't care if you're a drinker or not. I have by now been to hundreds of business-related meetings and parties. Most don't care what's in my glass they care what's in their glass...Good luck..
I guess the way I look at it is this: I spent most of my adult life developing into person finding friends (although loosing friends just as often) and all in the context of drinking. Ten years of drinking. So I'm very much in the same headspace as you I feel like I don't know who I am without the alcohol. I just have to trust that with persistence and sobriety in time I will come to find myself grow into the person I want to be. It sounds like you know what you want. Stick with it.
last night a friend of mine posted a pic with a pint of beer in it and that craving to be out and drinking that pint man it hit me square in the face. i miss drinking pints on nights out but i can't do that anymore because of everything bad that goes with the drinking of the pints. it's still really tough some days.
Good to know im not the only one feeling this. Im 65 days sober now.. i think thats the beauty of it though. Not a loss of identity but we gain a chance to find ourselves. ..I toiled over this too for a while. I found AA service work and my higher power does the trick. I dont care about identity. Its "thy will be done"and suddenly i find people i get along with and are interested in getting to know me! You'll find things are there you didnt know were before as lomg as you stay grounded and connected. You'll find purpose and identity :) good luck and congrats
You maintained the habit of drinking for a long time. You are at the point in sobriety where a new habit is forming though the habit of sobriety. Keep with it keep stringing those sober days together and you will get to the point where the idea of a drink is kind of shocking. You will get in the habit of sobriety and that will be a big part of who you are...I used to think that alcohol and other drugs were a part of my identity. They were very important to how I saw myself at least. With continued sobriety came a few realizations...One was that I was still there I was still me. Just as my childhood shaped me and young adulthood shaped me alcoholism shaped and now sobriety shapes me. None of these things *individually* define me but together they have made me who I am...Another is that *who I am* is not fixed and never will be. I am changing slowly but surely and will continue to do so as long as I am alive. ..Lastly there was the realization that my old self-image and values were a little screwed up. Drunk me was kind of an idiot just like teenage me was kind of a fool. I remember them well and love them dearly but I take both of their ideas with a grain of salt. ..Good luck. Stay sober today.
