-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/211nv9/family_betrayed_my_trust/

I'm numb right now (no not from drinking).  I don't quite yet have a month of sobriety but I'm really trying to take it seriously this time.  I've come clean to my wife started some meetings made a Dr. appointment and I'm slowly coming to grips with the fact that I'm an alcoholic.  I'm still not entirely sure where this journey will take me I don't know if it's going to stick.  I'm still searching for my path myself so I'm not ready to make this journey "public" just yet...Well it's out.  My mother-in-law who takes care of our kids once in a while apparently dug through our trash and read the receipt from a book order my wife made (she got some al-anon literature to help her understand what I'm going through).  She has now pried the truth out of my wife.  My mother-in-law is a talker and apparently has been telling friends and family about me...I feel so incredibly hurt and betrayed right now.  There are so many emotions that are going through my head right now that I can't even see straight.  I'm just numb.  Now on top of my own struggles and the difficulties this has caused with my wife now I have people judging me and talking about me behind my back...I have never felt like this.  I don't know what to do...EDIT - Thanks everyone for all the replies. So far I'm already much clearer. I'm still hurt and angry but you have all helped me to remember that I'm doing this for me and my family it doesn't really matter what other people think or discuss.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;apparently dug through our trash and read the receipt from a book order my wife made..What the fuck?! I am so sorry.
Deep breath. Don't drink...Okay?..So at a certain point in my recovery I became totally comfortable being a recovered alcoholic to all my close friends and family...But this didn't happen for me for at least a year. I was struggling way too hard that first year and not sure if I could make it the whole time and also didn't handle the pressure very well...You can't control your wife you can't control her mom. Nothing you can do to get them to stop talking. Don't drink one day at a time and just keep plugging away at what you're doing. You don't have to speak to them at length if you don't want to. ..My suggestion would be to find a way to not build resentment any more than you have against your wife; you're in this together. Hell she bought an al-anon book that's fucking awesome right?..I understand the stress. Just remember that it's temporary and that they can't make your drink just by talking behind your back. Only you can drink. ..There's something I learned at about a year sober that was tremendously relieving. Once I stopped doing anything fucked up behind anyone's back drinking included I had nothing to worry about from people talking behind my back. I knew they would have nothing bad to say of any substance...The fear came from my own lack of confidence in my sobriety which is a real fucking thing in the beginning which you can't just cure overnight. It's a day by day struggle. You'll make it.
I'm sorry taco that sucks. Your mother-in-law sounds like a small unhappy person. Personally though I'd rather have people talking about my sobriety behind my back than my drinking. 
It sounds very upsetting. Your privacy is obviously something you value. I was very open about my own problems but I understand that this is not an option for everyone. I know that it's not nice to feel judged but I guess most of us would be at least a little horrified if we could see ourselves through the eyes of other people. It's hard but I know that I have no control over what other people say or think about me. ..You have managed to stop drinking for a month so this suggests that you are determined to build a better life for yourself. Does what happened change any of this? .
That's a terrible invasion of your privacy. I'm so sorry. :(
[deleted]
What makes you think "everyone is judging and making assumptions"? It may come as a surprise that people don't care all that much. It may be a temporary bit of gossip but oh well. ..Learning about alcoholism helped me understand and accept that it's a disease and not a moral failing. Hold your head up and carry on with sobriety one day at a time. If you think people are judging you now think what they will say if you start drinking again? As much as you think you've kept it a secret surely some people wondered what was going on with you. All in all what matters is your own life. All we have is a modicum of control and it's when I take the first drink that I lose control. Don't give your control to other people or to alcohol. I wish you well on your recovery journey.
