-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/213vmn/first_weekend_ive_been_sober_in_many_years/

As the title states I've been sober this weekend and will continue to be tonight and tomorrow. ....I don't have a support group local because I live in such a rural community but there has been so much I've learned from here. ....Things like HALT one day at a time recognizing cravings and letting them pass and learning that doing whatever you can to not have that first drink are all keys and tools to maintaining a sober life. ....I drank for a lot of reasons. Once I had the first - I compulsively had to drink 5 more - then 10 more- then untill I was so drunk and blacked out that eating and passing out was the thing I could do in my drunken stupor. ....It's awfully strange - I have almost no desire to drink anymore. The idea of being drunk and feeling drunk appeals to my brain more so than actually doing it. But I recognize those thoughts and let them pass because ultimately its about what I want. Getting into that mindset carries over to many more parts of my life. If getting drunk is not what I want then I have so much more time to think and act upon what I do want. 8 days is the longest I've been sober in at least 5 years. I can't even remember the last time I went this long without getting blacked out binge drunk. And I'm only 25.....I made it to 7 days earlier this month and relapsed. I know it was because of what I said earlier about the idea of being drunk sounding better than actually being. The hangover was worse and it took me a good 2 days to detox and feel normal again. ....It's funny because I would normally get off work Thursday night and get drunk and not stop untill I went back to work on Monday and not "feel" hungover at all. Well - it wrecked me after maintaining sobriety for ONLY 7 days. A true testament to how poisonous this stuff can be. It got to the point where I can't drink beer. I used to joke with my friends that drinking beer was too much work. Always vodka or whiskey. Shot after shot after shot. Drinking alone. .....It's an awful cycle. I read some really good stuff about it here a week or so ago. It turns into being the drunkest one at the party to just being okay being drunk alone and drinking alone. Anything to maintain that false state of mind where numbness and chaos all exist smothering out your identity. ..  ..I look forward to a lot of things and think further ahead and beyond myself now that I've stopped. I really identify with people when they say on here that they rediscovered who they were because the booze consumes you and puts up a false identity to yourself and others. It convinces you this is you. ....Some scattered thoughts but this is just some of what I've learned from lurking and seriously thinking about getting off the easy path where you don't have to feel things - you don't have to FEEL them. Thats so easy to type but I know those who know what I'm saying understand just how hard that is to accept and experience. ..I don't have to worry about being sober next week - I don't have to worry about being sober tomorrow - I just have to not drink in the next 10 minutes the next hour and at all **today**...Thanks ..
----------immediate responses--------

Just wanted to add a big thank you to everyone who participates in this community. AA isn't available to me so this is the next best thing for having somewhere there are people who struggle and have in common the same things. 
I know just what you mean.  I drank like that nearly every weekend for as long as i can remember maybe 14  years.  every weekend drinking all weekend.  this is my first sober in a very long time.. while while i was making dinner last night my hands started shaking a bit because i knew i wanted a drink really bad but besides making my onions uneven everything turned out ok.  and dude sober saturday is awesome.  we have all this extra time sober!
Good for you and welcome!  Get a badge and explore the sidebar.  I hope you keep posting as you go along.
'How hard it that is to accept and experience'. Right there with you. Thanks for posting.
