-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/214v14/today_i_start_my_new_life/

I have been struggling with problematic drinking for eight years now. It wasn't until I lost everything that I realized I need to change or I will die. My problem is mainly beer and vodka. I'd start drinking right after work until I passed out and would have a few more in the morning before work. On my days off I was holed up getting drunk all day usually several times. My longtime girlfriend couldn't put up with my ignorance. She knew I drank too much but had no idea how bad it was as I was not honest with her. She left me and I hit rock bottom and went on a three-week bender involving alcohol and drugs.  I am surrounded by drinkers. Some alcoholics some simply frequent partiers. Not to mention I was subscribed for two years on that god-awfully enabling and encouraging circle jerk of a forum r/cripplingalcoholism. I went to my first AA meeting Thursday and another one tonight. I had a pretty heavy relapse in between the two due to depression but I'm ready to fully commit. Thank you for this amazing community. Reading your stories inspires me and reassures me I am not alone even though I feel so around my friends. I will read/comment every day and post often. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Firstly congratulations on the decision well done and welcome. Its strange but people who decide to go sober always give be a bigger smile than the ones who have maintained sobriety for a long time. I guess I love beginnings. ..From your post you and I seem to have a lot in common. In fact the only difference is that I got lucky and didn't lose the SO why she stayed and is still there is still mysterious miracle to me. My problem was beer vodka and drugs. Being surrounded by alcoholics and users and suffering depression. ..So here is some of my experiences over the last hundred days or so...Firstly go see a doctor and get an assessment and some help for the alcohol withdrawal  it varies from person to person but can get fucking insanely bad and is quite dangerous if left unchecked. ..Go sort the depression out even if it is just a temporary crutch while you deal with not drinking. My depression left unchecked would not allow me to stay sober it would break me every time. When I am deeply depressed I stop caring about my own well being. It is also not a sane place to deal with the crazy thinking that will come quite regularly in the beginning. Go see a doctor be honest about the alcohol and drugs and get the depression assessed. ..AA is awesome but mix it up with NA as well. Its all just substances at the end of the day but I found that the AAers  didn't have the full understanding of the drug beast. At the moment I am pretty OK with my thoughts on alcohol but I am really struggling with the drug side of my diction. Also work the steps it really does help if you can surrender to the program. I could not have done any of this without AA NA my sponsor and the program. But this is what worked for me there are other ways...Go get a badge use that to track your days so that you can just focus on being sober today. When I consider being sober for the rest of my life its really difficult and overwhelming but I know I can overcome things in the short term and be sober today. ..This is difficult but every day sober is a victory and every day it gets a bit easier. I am very new to recovery but the changes in my life emotional maturity happiness and thinking are profound and immensely satisfying. I love seeing comments from the old timers here I look forward to my life getting even better it inspires me to keep going when things get tough. ..Good luck with your sobriety just keep keeping on. ...
Welcome. This community is an oasis in a desert of cultural unmanageability. Good things happen when we unshackle ourselves from addiction. Glad you're here.
Congratulations! I'm only four days in but this forum really helped kick start my sobriety. I actually made stopdrinking my chrome homepage so every time I open my browser or hit the home button it sends me here. SD for hope and inspiration CA for scaring me away from the bottle when the urges hit. Good luck man!
Good choice.  Keep sharing as you go along.  
[deleted]
Being subscribed to /r/crippling alcoholism is crippling.
I have been on the "trying to get sober train" for about 6 months.  I have done surprisingly well.  My counter says 20 days because 21 days ago I got slack.  Just take it one day at a time and stay focused...I would leave r/cripplingalcoholism alone for a while (at least a month).  But you may find when you get further into the sobriety journey that those guys will supply you with the impetus to stay sober.  When I read posts on there now all I can think about is not being that way.
You've made the choice.  Now you need to commit for one day...every day you wake up.
Awesome keep coming back. Sounds like you've already got two pretty solid coping mechanisms going on!
Good luck! I start today as well.
