-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/219uxl/my_best_friend_is_in_town_for_the_week_i_havent/

My best friend. He was there the first time I ever drank and has been witness to more of my drunken idiotic antics than anyone else. ..He's back now and I've secretly been sober for six months. He had no idea. I'd looked forward to telling him for months and months. ..While he was away it seems his drinking got worse. He'd always drank a lot. Not as much as me but he seems to have ramped it up. What worries me is us hanging out. He just wants to drink. Which doesn't bother me. I'm around booze all the time and have zero problem declining and abstaining. But his wanting to drink is making me want to drink. Kind of. ..I'm not going to. But I don't think he believes me. The other night when I dropped him off he kept talking about how maybe I'll be able to drink again. Or just have a beer again. Some day. ..Yeah right. One beer? Pff. After being sober this long the idea of having one single beer or two single beers is laughable. Fucking absurd. ..It's not that I fear a relapse. It's just harder to resist when I'm with him. Like the demon gets a little louder. ..It's his birthday tonight. We're going out. Wish me luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck.  If this is a triggering situation take yourself out of it.  Go to an AA or other recovery meeting.
Good luck.  Sounds like he may perhaps need to quit himself one day and you my friend are a great example to him.  Be strong.
Don't forget we can be there for you while you're out....a support group in your pocket...remember? :-)
Your not drinking is very threatening to him...If he really is your best friend tell him to back off ..If it turns out that he was your best drinking partner let him go - at least for a while.
Good luck.  When I am in situations like this I have a rule: the instant I start to think that drinking might be a good idea I get out of there.  I don't wait until I have a drink in my hand. I leave as soon as the *hmmm maybe...*  thought pops up.  Because if I'm even considering throwing away months or years of work on a whim I am clearly ill and need to get some rest.  And I have no idea how quickly that thought will escalate.  If you're standing on a scenic overlook &amp; the ground starts to give way you don't wait until you're halfway down the mountain before ya jump off ya know?..[It doesn't happen much anymore but it did happen a few times in my first year.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uslhi/friday_night_staying_out_of_trouble/c4yjflm)..You know what it's entirely possible that your friend is a bit jealous of your success.  His talking about the possibility that you drink again is probably just him vocalizing his own fears for himself.   He may not say it but when he goes home he will remember how you were able to quit.  Your actions will be a source of strength for him.  They will show him that it is possible.  Because if QuitStart19 can do it so can he...Be safe.  Be smart.  Stay frosty.
Good luck. And more importantly congrats on the 183 days you have been sober.  .  .&gt;It's not that I fear a relapse. It's just harder to resist when I'm with him. Like the demon gets a little louder.  .  .I actually think that fearing relapse in this situation would be healthy. He is your best friend he's a heavy drinker he denies your sobriety it's his birthday... It does sound like a perfect storm. NOT that I am saying doubt yourself just listen to your gut.
Stay strong. You never know who might need the example of sane sobriety. If not your friend there may be someone else on the precipice. Pay it forward and it gets easier.
