-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21bfev/its_not_such_a_bad_addiction_considering/

It recently occurred to me that alcoholism while a crippling and dangerous disease is actually not that bad if you need to have one addiction...Why? Because it can be overcome by cutting it out of your life completely. That is just not possible with other things which you do need to live. For example:..- food. I saw a video of a guy who went from land whale (500+ lbs) to fit and back to land whale. When challenged he said something to the tune of "well I can't *not eat*. And once I start it begins"...- things. I once was with a girl with a shopping problem. I mean extreme: she'd go out to buy a hat and bought a store. *Literally* the contents of an entire store who was about to shut down. She used most of her savings for the junk it sat in her apartment for two years then she tossed it all...I mean no offense to all my fellow strugglers here. I'm just feeling a bit grateful today that I'm saddled with something that I can cut out and be just fine. Even though it might be hard... once it's done it's done.
----------immediate responses--------

This is quite true.  .SO long as it does not kill you before you "get it"...This is why in recovery we have to be careful when other isms do wack a mole.    ..
That you're feeling grateful hopefully means you're making excellent progress.  And hopefully for you alcoholism hasn't been too crippling or dangerous.  But alcoholism is certainly a dimension and if you read many of the stories around here you'll come to understand that alcoholism can be a horrific disease that not only destroys the alcoholic but also the people and lives of those within that sphere.  Please be strong and diligent and I hope you achieve your goals.
I agree with you. As diseases go it could be much worse. It's so simple. Alcoholism goes into remission when we stop drinking and get help.
I think that's entirely down to the individual
Addictions to food and shopping are entirely psychological. There's no threat of withdrawal symptoms overdose or waking up from a blackout behind bars. ..Honestly eating shopping and drinking are all personal choices and some choose to do them excessively. I can't live without food is no kind of excuse to weigh 500 pounds. 
[deleted]
