-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21inxc/16_days_down/

Sixteen days sober.  I've been enjoying it very much.  It's a bit like a challenge and I always like challenges...The hardest part has been March Madness.  Sports are always an event where I would drink and my team has been doing very well so the temptation is certainly there.  I've been watching the games alone at my home and I really wish I was at the bar watching it with my friends but I don't want to tempt fate this early.  I can't afford a relapse...I'm sleeping much better and much more regularly.  Physically I feel good and I've been doing two-a-day workouts which really kick my ass but make me feel amazing afterwards.  ..My eating has been better as well.  Although I am eating more ice cream than usual.  I never wanted to mix ice cream with beer or booze I had heard that mixing dairy and alcohol is a very bad idea and as such I never ate most of the foods I love.  ..I had to shy away from AA a bit though.  Everyone there is so "supportive" they become aggressive.  I don't really like giving out my phone number but I feel so pressured to do so.  Every time I speak even if I say I'm feeling good or whatnot I am immediately rushed by 5-6 people who want to chat more.  I honestly just don't know what to say.  "Yeah I'm sober.  My day was fine.  No I'm not going to drink.  I have x number of days.  You have x number?  Congrats.  Thank you."  I know I should get a sponsor but as it is I feel so out of place.  Having someone force religion or "higher power" on me does not sound too appealing right now.  Or just calling me every day to check up on me it just seems odd.  (Of course no disrespect intended.  I just don't think AA is for me outside of the occasional meeting)...I feel like I've just lost the desire to drink.  Sometimes sure I wish I could go out and have a beer (like for March Madness).  But then I remember that I don't want just a beer.  I'll want 12 beers and then I don't feel good.  So I have no desire to have a sip.  I kind of wonder if I was an alcoholic in the first place.  I'm not going to test that theory though.  I'm staying sober...Video games reading and picking up old hobbies has helped quite a bit.  I got my old life back and took away the drinking which is all I ever wanted.  Many of you said that wouldn't happen and that my old life was revolved around the drinking but I made it happen and I couldn't be happier.  I honestly consider myself to be incredibly lucky having realized I have a problem without having lost too much.  There is nowhere for me to go but up...
----------immediate responses--------

Good work! .  I finally realized I don't want one I want 12 also. 
I can really relate to your post. .From the first line "It's a bit like a challenge and I always like challenges"..I think addicts have an inherent love of challenges maybe more so than non-addicts. They keep us busy and provide us with a great sense of satisfaction. If you check out my post from this morning regarding addiction and evolution challenges = satisfaction == happiness === dopamine release. Rince repeat..Anyway. .I also relate to your 6th paragraph. For the most part although it's early on I don't have a desire to drink but I know that if I go out and have 1 it will turn into too many..I'm also not interested in going to an AA meeting but that may change as I move forward..Keep up the great work my friend. 
I'm so happy for you. In such a short period of time you have made so much improvement. I remember your first post and you sound like a completely different person now. Let's keep it going strong! Our badges will say 30 days in no time! 
