-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21j3s5/100_days_of_drinking_after_a_relapse_i_need_help/

I haven't been on this community for 100 days.  I reset my badge after a relapse 3 months ago but I continued to drink afterwords and never returned to this forum...I'm back where I started as a miserable constantly hungover isolated alcoholic.  I effectively quit drinking for 4 months from September to December last year.  Around the holidays I decided to submit to my addiction and drink again as a high functioning alcoholic.  ..I submitted because I am powerless and I always knew this...When I decided to drink again I never told myself "This time it will be different.  I can moderate now."   I just gave up on sobriety.  It took so much work and vigilance.  The rewards of not drinking were definitely there but I just stopped caring.  The easier path it seemed would just be to give up...My entire life revolves around alcohol now.  I function pretty well because I have a job in which I'm completely independent (I'm an academic researcher).  I drink almost everyday except when I'm really hungover or it's a special event and I don't want people to see that I can't control myself when I start drinking.  My wife makes me sleep downstairs when I drink because it gives me sleep apnea.  I drink mostly alone or with a few other friends who also drink heavily and won't judge me.  I lead a double life.  On the outside I'm a successful teach and academic.  I volunteer my time for a non-profit I socialize with everyone etc. etc.  On the inside is someone who is exhausted sick and depressed.  Inside is someone who doesn't care that bad things are happening to me because I have given up hope that I can change...I have to get help.  I tried to do it on my own and failed.  When things go bad (or great) I can think of any excuse to drink.  However I feel like anything I do will be futile.   I feel like I would not belong at AA... I feel like people who are really struggling with alcoholism will resent me.  I'm blessed with a such a good life and at least so far none of the consequences of drinking have been realized other than physical and emotional pain.  Maybe I'm just a wimp or bi-polar or depressed or seeking attention.  I feel like no matter what I do I'm boned.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I feel like I would not belong at AA... I feel like people who are really struggling with alcoholism will resent me...**this is a load of crap.**  none of us wanted to belong at aa but we all can if we let ourselves.  It can vary from meeting to meeting but there is an amazing cross section of society - and most of us are too smart for our own good.     ..Isolation is the hallmark of so many of us we find wonderful reasons to stay remote and apart.   In reality we are not nearly as special and unique as we imagine...and by the way you are really struggling with alcoholism.  AA is not the only path but it may be the only one easily available in your community.  Try it but go in looking for similarities not differences.  It could save your life - like it did mine.
Actually while reading your post I thought you belong completely at AA. .In fact if I'm not mistaken we've been waiting for you....
If you have a great job you must have great insurance. Get professional help. You may need medical management foe detox. Alcohol withdrawal is serious. Drinking everyday for months does not bode well for cold turkey. Talk to  your doctor...Trying to stay sober all alone and by sheer will power is usually exhausting. You haven't tried all the options available and think you are different from the rest of us. You are not. ..If you want to stop drinking you belong in AA. That's all it takes. We'll leave the light on. 
Welcome back /u/greatmainewoods and thanks for the honest sharing and dialogue in the comments.  I of all the regulars strongly relate to where you're at and your obvious difficulty in struggling to come back.  I did this in 2009 after 7 years of continuous hell.  I went back to my psychologist I found a convenient after work AA meeting and I slogged through.  Slogged.  Unlike when I got sober originally in 1986 there was no white light no pink cloud but by consistently putting in one sober day after another I got through it I hope for the last time.  Good luck.  Oh one other thing all the standard things remain true try to do it one day at a time.
&gt; I feel like people who are really struggling with alcoholism will resent me...I don't want to burst your bubble but it sounds like *you* are really struggling with alcoholism. You'll fit in just fine! :)
Reading your post reminded me a lot of myself and I can tell you AA saved my life. I read the objections you bring as mental blocks your brain is building to make sure you don't deviate from what it perceives as its comfort zone. And by the way I also started my relapse as a highly functionnal alcoholic then just a functionnal one then a not-so-functionnal then ... (you get the picture). Try it.
Everyone is different.  I am only a couple hundred days in myself.  I just quit.  I was experiencing health work and family problems due to drinking.  It clicked for me.  I wanted to try AA and I still may at one point.  I didn't go out of embarrassment.   I am ashamed of my bad behavior.  So please don't be small minded like me.  Give anything a shot that may help.  
No one in my life would believe I was an alcoholic.  Similar to you I  have a good job and a pretty good life overall.  When I first went to AA I thought I didn't really belong there either.  But I sat and I listened and felt like a weight had been lifted.  The people in my daily life were never going to understand my problem  but the people in AA did.  You can involve yourself in the "culture" of AA as much or as little as you like and is helpful.  There are also other options of therapy or group counseling.  The most important thing is to get some support and have people to talk to when the going gets tough.
You're a fraud a liar you isolate and admit to leading a double life. You're exhausted sick and depressed. Your wife doesn't want to share a bed with you when you drink. Now tell me how successful you are where it really matters. Ask around you're not hiding as well as you think.  AA will be there when you're ready.
Fortunately I never had this misguided concept of what an alcoholic is or should be as you and your friends seem to have.  Unfortunately I only knew this because of all the seemingly successful people I grew up around including my own father who were most definitely alcoholics. ..If it makes you feel any more like you would "fit in" here ya go....I had a relatively high "bottom". I never got a DUI. I never went to jail. I never lost a job. My family still speaks to me and loves me. That said I feel like my bottom was much lower than many of the people at AA or here who get their shit together and keep it together.  They recognized they had a problem and did something about it rather than recognizing they had a problem and not doing anything about (which is a weird sort of anti-denial). I instead waited until came "this close" to losing everything. Don't do that to yourself.  Don't only believe that you have a problem...EMBRACE it. Remember this:  The will to believe is the MOST important ingredient in creating belief in change... I remember you greatmainewoods and I'm glad to see that you didn't completely get lost out there again and found your way back here. If you can find your way here you can find yourself in an AA meeting.  You can do this friend.
Do you like your wife? Mine left because of this. It was a wake up call and I got sober for a while... Unfortunately something was lost in the process. I still miss her 4 years later.
I used to think like you... as I'm a functioning alcoholic myself...But things do get worse. The amount you drink today in a couple of years will get higher and higher. Think about when you first started and now. How was your progression towards alcoholism? It don't have an end...I lost a lot of good friends and respect from family on this journey. Up until I faced that this was destroying me. There was a lot of excuses to keep drinking... but then one day... I was all out of excuses and when I looked back to see the consequences of my acts... it wasn't pretty.
