-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21kij9/this_is_day_one_and_im_struggling/

Hey there Reddit...Its been awhile since I haven't had a drink by this time in the evening. I just so want one and I hate this. I keep reading online about things to do to take my mind off it. Making myself dinner helped and I tried working out a bit. But now I'm left with nothing to do and all I can think about is getting to the liquor store before it closes...I'm just so used to drinking when I'm bored. Watching TV? I have a drink. Listening to music? I have a drink. Watching you-tube vids or browsing Reddit? Drinks. Its just like fuck if its this hard today I don't understand how I'm going to keep this going. How do you guys?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
This might sound weird but one thing I do now is make myself a huge jug of something to drink that's NOT booze. I try different things. 1 liter of fizzy Perrier a ton of ice and a bit of liquid ice tea mix and 2 squeezed lemons is my favorite now. I go through a couple liters of it sometimes. Watching tv or reading or whatever. I guess my brain is happy with the process of drinking something novel. Tastes like summer. Drink drink drink. And instead of getting wasted I just feel like I have more energy.
The thing that made the cravings so much harder to cope with was the knowledge of how easy it would be to just give in. One thing that helped me was understanding that these cravings were just like itches in my brain and that I had the choice not to scratch them. I removed the relapse option from the table and it all became so much easier. I also found comfort in the this idea; - there were so many mornings where I woke up wishing I hadn't drunk the day before but I never once woke up wishing I had got drunk the day before. 
You're definitely in the middle of the shit...It gets better. I did have to hold on for dear life for a few months honestly. Quitting drinking was the hardest thing I ever did. Going to support groups and therapy was invaluable getting help from people who really understood the craving to drink from a scientific standpoint and from just a friendly standpoint people who just knew how I felt and were there to tell me that it really does get better...If I still felt the way I did my first month I sure as fuck would not have kept staying sober. But it did get better. And it will.
It's rough in the beginning! It gets easier as it becomes more of your "normal". Just battle through this part and you will be so grateful that you did. Welcome to recovery!
How are you doing Ganguro? It's been 8 hours since your original post. What did you end up doing to get through the night? Video games tv what helped. You should be proud of yourself to get through these tough times..I'm not too far ahead of you either my friend. I actually spent my free time last night with my wife. Normally I would retire to my room and drink until I went to bed. She doesn't know how much I drink and I've been doing it for some time now that she found it a bit awkward that I was there. I didn't have the courage to say "I'm down here watching tv with you because I want to spend time with you AND I don't want to drink". I just told her that I wanted to spend time with her. She wouldn't understand the drinking part..I plan on doing this more often to try to rebuild my marriage and stay sober. .Keep us updated on your progress.
