-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21wy4b/day_3_sucksit_is_the_hardest_day/

Day 3 reminds me of that scene in the movie The Perfect Storm. The crew has been struggling through the massive storm and holding it together. Suddenly the see the day light on the horizon. They've made it they all think but then the storm moves back in and with one giant wave it take them under. The storm just wouldn't let them go. That is how I feel...I didn't make it and I don't even know why. I was a good day. I had a great yoga session. I ate well. It was beautiful weather. I was procrastinating and struggling to write cover letters for job apps. And then I had beer. I don't know why...I did noticed that I hated the feeling after 2 and I stopped after 4. (Why did I keep going if I hated the feeling? Because I am an alcoholic.) I had a few crisis moments with the kids and I hated that I couldn't be there for them like I had been the day before. I've had it. ..I am going to an AA meeting today *and asking for help* because I need to step it up a notch if I am going to make this happen.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I am going to an AA meeting today and asking for help because I need to step it up a notch if I am going to make this happen...I was willing to do whatever it took to save my life.  And the solution gave me the very path to finding my authentic self support with the credibility of other people who had been through precisely what I was going through and a whole new way of life.  So I'm sorry for your bump on the road but a year from now we will celebrate your sober anniversary of the day you decided to do what it takes to get sober.  Good luck.
Day 3 is the worst day. Knowing that itself is a big victory. It took me about 5 years to realize that. When you don't know day 3 is the worst day 3 seems like it's going to be your new life forever and of course it isn't. 
Getting and staying sober requires us to go far beyond our comfort zone we often need get beaten again and again before we let go our stubborn "I can do this myself" ..
Your recovery journey has begun!
Day 3 does suck but it sucks less than "I couldn't be there for them." That doesn't just suck for you but everyone around you. You have to remember what it's like to feel sad that you're only 28% there for your kids and 72% there for your beer. You can do this. 
