-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/223gz9/day_6it_is_indeed_getting_easier/

Today is day 6.  Tomorrow will be a week. ..To all of you who are struggling on day 3 or 4 right now I just want to assure you that it gets measurably better after you get over that hump. ..I had more stress in my personal life this week than I've had in months but I stayed focused and kept reminding myself alcohol isn't an appropriate response for me. ..I attended my first AA meeting on Tuesday.   While the program and it's tenants may not fit my philosophy the support and sense of community are awesome.  I plan on checking out SMART but as of this moment I'm definitely going back to AA. ..Hang in there newbies! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats - and yes nobody expects you to swallow all of AA...Take what you need and leave the rest.
Glad to hear from another fellow newbie! Keep staying positive! :) 
Congrats /u/032814  and welcome to r/stopdrinking.  I'm so glad you were smart enough to check out your recovery options.  I will say this about AA's tenets--I was the one who had to adapt my thinking and I'm not talking about God etc.  I did have to come to recognize that I could very reasonably concede that I am not God and that my way wasn't actually working all that well before I got sober.  Those two things made all the difference in my life...Good luck to you please keep sharing.
&gt;alcohol isn't an appropriate response for me...Yeah.  That.  What struck is your use of the word "response."  It made me think of Pavlov's dog salivating at the sound of a little bell.  And how much that resembles my addiction to a substance that truly has never done anything to help me.
Fantastic News !!  I'm right behind you and appreciate the positivity Lets keep these quits rolling !! 
Weekend is going to be difficult for me but I am going to go on a bike ride or hiking instead.
I'm not attending AA. but I'm on day 9.. and I also want to reassure people doing day 2-4 that it gets better and fast. At least at the moment I feel really good. Full of energy and ready for a new start. Hopefully you'll all be right there too if you're still day 3.
