-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/227725/feeling_so_badly_feeling_like_i_relapsed/

Woke up this morning feeling legitimately sick my sister-in-law had some cough medicine which I took I don't know what was in it. Symptoms (stuffy head all of that) went away cough was suppressed and I was feeling great like incredibly great sunny disposition lots of energy best I've felt since I gained sobriety.  Went to work and 15 minutes later realized that my body was going from a sublimely great feeling to exactly what my withdrawals felt like except twice as bad.  I had to leave work went home to my mom and between the sobbing incoherent babbling and shaking I've taken the day off of work...I feel so horrible I feel like my sobriety is all fucked up that I'm worthless and I'm never getting better.  I know it was just a mistake and this is all a learning process but to know that My body craves to be stoned/high has completely destroyed any feelings of worth...Thanks for reading I need some encouragement so badly.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there.  Are you taking any other meds by chance?  Perhaps they just reacted w/ the cold medicine...That said just be mindful of what you're taking.  Hell I avoid chocolates that even TASTE like liquor.  One can never be too cautious...I hope you feel better soon.  Don't let this shake your resolve.  xo
Maybe you just had a bad reaction to the cough medicine.  Try find out if you are allergic to any of the ingredients.  Hopefully things have calmed down by now.  ..When I got sober at first I used to pick up all the bugs going and a few more to-boot.  I reckon that my body was in such a shock after being pickled for so long it was confused.  My defences had to reactivate themselves and it took time.  Today I have no problems and in fact I am probably healthier now than I have ever been.  The body is amazing.  Give your self time and you will be fit as a fiddle before you know it.  Good luck. 
The last couple of days I've had to repeat over and over again that there are days in sobriety--even now where the best thing I can do is slog my way through the day and get to bed sober.  Let that be you day too and tomorrow will be a better day.  
::hug::..You're doing better than you realize.
