-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22d5k5/i_went_to_a_party_last_night_and_instead_of/

This was a small outdoor fire type gathering at an old friend's house. This is a house where'd I'd gotten very drunk in the past among people who basically know me as a heavy drinker...However to my surprise not many people were drinking at all. Usually these gatherings get a little crazy but this time most everyone was just drinking soda for various reasons. One guy offered me a beer and I declined. It was no big deal. I had fun and was talking and joking in a manner that I thought I needed alcohol to do. Turns out I can be social (among certain people) without booze...An old friend of mine called and asked if he could come by the party. He has no car and couldn't borrow his mom's car because he was already drinking. I picked him up and smelled booze. This is a friend who used to be rail-thin and never touched alcohol. Now he's got a big belly and just seems bloated. In recent years he's struggled with bipolar and has turned to booze in addition to his medication...It was kind of a disaster. The old friend I knew was barely there. He immediately began making things awkward with other people at the party being confrontational and antagonistic as well as misunderstanding what people were saying. He was stumbling around and at times I was fearful he'd fall into the fire pit...He didn't eat any of the hamburgers hot dogs or other food and just drank gin and coke. Then he smoked weed which he doesn't usually do. Eventually while the rest of us talked he went and passed out in a folding chair. Suddenly there was a crash - he'd fallen over in the chair and knocked over a table that had the food on it. Then he went to sleep in my car until I was ready to go...Soon everyone was leaving. I went to my car and started to drive out of the driveway. My friend woke up and said "Pull over it's an emergency." I pulled halfway up onto the grass so my other friends could drive past. Drunk friend began puking loudly out the car door. I gave him a seltzer and some napkins and drove him home. He said something like "At least I puked on some stranger's lawn." Then I told him no we were still at the house the party was at. You puked on my friend's lawn. He was so fucking out of it...Anyhow the fact that I had fun without drinking coupled with seeing my friend be a drunken mess strengthened my resolve to not drink. I woke up this morning sans hangover of course (a few weeks ago I would've probably been in bed all day feeling sick) rode my bike down to a cafe and had coffee and a bagel...**tl;dr**: Not drinking - feelsgoodman.jpg
----------immediate responses--------

/u/sadtastic this is always such an eye opener for newcomers it's sort of like that cinematic glimpse at the past in the Christmas Carol where Scrooge is conducted along by the ghost of Christmas Past.  See from your sober and willing place what your drunken escapades really looked like--not pretty huh?  But here's the thing we tempt ourselves in these situations unless we rigorously pursue dry people in dry places in early sobriety.  There is a very apt saying: sit in the barber chair long enough you will get a haircut.  ..Good luck.
That's a huge first in sobriety.  Congrats on handling yourself so well.  My first party made me realize how little normal people actually drank.  I was always too preoccupied with getting drunk. 
Cool perspective isn't it? And you kept your friend out of trouble.
Gin and coke!?..Also: good for you.
That's awesome! It's amazing when you start seeing drunk people from the sober perspective. I cringe when I think about how I must have been some (or most) nights...One word of caution though -- when you're in the first few days of sobriety these kind of experiences can give you a sort of false confidence...You were feeling strong in your sobriety before the party and you went in with a gameplan. Not all nights are this easy or good. You might have a rough day at work or you might not have an exit plan. Maybe something will happen at the party that triggers you. ..My relapses have always come when I started to feel too confident in my sobriety and it's a hop skip and a jump from "hanging out with people who are drinking is no big deal" to "having a sip of that drink just to taste it" to "I'm doing ok I can have *one* beer." etc...I've had success in the past (and this time) by minimizing the amoutn of time I spend in "drinking" situations and when I do go somewhere where alcohol will be present doing a quick check-in with myself before I decide whether to go. I think:..* how am I feeling? confident? triggered? check for HALT (hungry angry lonely tired).* what's my exit strategy?.* what am I going to do if someone offers me a drink?.* will there be non-alcoholic drinks there? do I need to bring some?..Feel good about your success! It was a great night and it sounds like you learned a lot from it which is good. Just make sure you stay cognizant of the risk factors in situations like that and you'll do great. :D
After a few instances like this when I first sobered up it dawned on me that most parties I went to weren't completely wild. I had just been a mess. It's nice to no longer be the embarrassment.
Going to parties and hanging out is my biggest fear. I have no idea how to separate the two. I'm afraid I will be an anxious mess and 'not be myself' without a drink since everyone expects me to be drunk. But I just can't keep doing this to my body. It's embarrassing. 
Feeling sorry for your friend. Hope he decides to get out of drink and drugs for his own sake. Sounds like a mess
