-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22k3ig/four_years_ago_today/

I remember the last time I saw him. I was 18 and packing for a trip to FL with some classmates. We were going to go help build houses and what not like good innocent private school kids. I had hated him for a long time at this point. All the AA and NA meetings he made my family go to when all he did was turn around and relapse time and time again. I was sick of him. ..My mom brother and I had moved out of our large middle class two story house to live in a very small apartment. I had to share a room and a bed with my mom... not the most pleasant thing to do when you're a senior in high school. We couldn't afford to live in my childhood home anymore because my dad had refinanced it twice to use the money for drugs and alcohol. That house which I had associated as a loving safe environment had transformed into a scary place where I no longer felt safe. It had become a place where addicts came and went doing drugs drinking alcohol and taking advantage of my dad's constant state of intoxication. All the furniture in my parents bedroom was stolen our TV personal and cherished belongings that I had in my room... all gone. ..So yeah I guess you could say I hated him. As I was packing for my trip to FL he had come over to our apartment. He was was in one of his  sober cycles  promising us he'd change and never do it again... Promise promise promise. I never believed him anymore. His word was like an annoying dog I just wanted to kick it and make it go away. ..When I finished packing I said bye to my mom and my little brother and walked right past him.  Do you want any help sweetie?  Anger filled my stomach heart pounding loud.  No I'm good  I told him. I walked out the door and he followed me. He mumbled words spoke words... wished me luck on my trip.  I love you  he told me. Love... yeah right I thought. He gave me a tight hug and I just stood there limp. K bye. I got in my car and headed to meet up with my classmates for our trip. That was the last interaction I had with him the last time he told me he loved me the last time I would ever hear his voice in person. ..Four years ago today I was in FL taking a shower after a long day of building houses for the needy. I hadn't checked my phone because I had left it in our hotel by accident. One of my brother's friends who also came on the trip with us came into the bathroom. She told me that my brother had texted her telling her to tell me to call my mom it was an emergency. I can still remember the sound of her voice so urgent...My heart dropped. I ran out of the shower was wearing nothing but a towel and called my  mom. My mom's voice was shaky over the phone she asked how my day was she was trying to make small talk. I ignored her and asked her to get to the point.  Sweetie your daddy is in heaven now  she told me in a broken cry. .I screamed. I dropped the phone and started crying uncontrollably. My classmates surrounded me. They tried comforting me. Some of my girl classmates even dressed me because I was still wrapped in a towel. Once I was dressed my teacher Mr. Z came up to me and hugged me. He told me that he was so sorry. So very sorry... ..My dad was found dead on our back porch in my childhood home. He died sitting in his favorite chair (or otherwise known to me as his  drug chair ) on the morning of Thursday April 8 2010. We don't know how long he had been dead there could have been a day or so. He died from an overdose but what I'll never know is whether he did it on purpose or not. I can't help but wonder what my life would be like if he hadn't had died four years ago. Part of me thinks that my life would be a lot more stressful than it is now and is glad that he is gone. The other part of me misses my daddy more than anything and would do anything to see him one more time. ..Addiction is a serious disease and I'm going to do everything I can to never ever hurt or harm anyone I know and love. ..Thank you for reading.Maschoco
----------immediate responses--------

A heartbreaking story Maschoco. I am so sorry. My deepest sympathy to you and your family. ..Addiction has genetic components as you are now well aware. I hope you are gathering as much support as possible. Rehab a counselor and outpatient treatment helped me address issues and I gained insight and perspective. Involvement in AA saved my life. Sitting in a room with people who understand is comforting and encouraging. I learned sober living tools and made sober friends. Having a support system makes it easier to stay sober. I wish you the best on your recovery journey. 
Thanks for posting a good reminder of what we are doing here.  For every alcoholic they reckon at least 10 people or more are affected whether the alcoholic knows it or not! ..Sorry for your loss.  I wish you and your family well!
I'm really sorry to hear about your father. Thanks for sharing your story.
Sweetie. :( This must have been hard for you to type but thank you *so* much for sharing. Addiction ruins lives not just for the addict but for those around them and it kills. We all need to be reminded of that...You are strong; you've done so well to get 16 days already and I know you can keep going. I'm so sorry you and your family had to go through this thanks to this shitty shitty disease. I'm always a PM away if you need to talk. &lt;3
/u/maschoco  I am so proud of you for sharing this story but more importantly for being SOBER today.  ..Somebody asked either today or the day before a perfectly sensible question which I'm paraphrasing do you know why you started drinking?  I said I personally don't think it matters one little bit why I drank but at some point my drinking was alcoholic.  We can hang on to all the bad or sad or tragic things that unjustly occurred to us or our loved ones and rationalize drinking ourselves to death--or we can integrate all of our life sorrows and joys and fully realize the authentic self the authentic /u/maschoco is probably going to be a very profound and compassionate adult if she can live life on life's terms sober.
Thank you so much for taking the time to write this out and post it.  You have no idea how much of an impact it just made on me.  Today you helped me.  I appreciate that.
Your words touched my soul Maschoco. Thank you for sharing it and your hope with us. May you travel far and experience many joys on your path. 
That was really powerful. Thank you for sharing. 
Cutting onions at work - would not reccomend...Thank you for posting Maschoo. Hug. ..^I'm ^calling ^my ^dad ^now... ^even ^though ^he ^~~shits~~ ^irks 
I think it just rained on my face a little..It's hard to see mistakes and the fact that we all make them when you just want a fucking drink or another hit but painfully obvious as those alcoholic blinders come off..Congrats on more than two weeks!  .As another person who has that gene in my family I used to have disdain my Mom because she was out getting high and barely saw us in my youth.  She was always going to change...just in my case...she did.  I'm so sorry that you didn't have a chance to reconcile with him and your story makes me guilty at how i have taken her handling of problems (or lack thereof) as something to hate her about.  I'm also going to tell her how much I now understand after my second relapse and third recovery.  I look at wife in the bedroom the facilitator and caregiver during each recovery and it makes me want to tell her how much I appreciate her..The people in our lives are our lives.
