-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22pu5e/90_days_out_feeling_great_thanks_rsd/

hey. i don't comment here much but i do check in almost daily and this place has been great in helping keep me focused on my sobriety. i wanted to extend my thanks to all who contribute and say to those who are still struggling that it's totally worth it and if i can do it you most certainly can.  ..i didn't stop drinking with the intention of quitting outright (it was meant to be a month-long break with a return to moderation) but with the more distance i get from drinking the more i've realized its negative impact on my life and how my focus on it has really impeded me from being who i want to be. ..everything that matters to me has improved substantially during the past 90 days. my relationship (my girl is three years sober) has improved dramatically my bank account has grown substantially i deep-cleaned my entire house several times over (which was long-overdue and pretty disgusting) and i've been able to complete three albums of music that i've had sitting nearly finished for a couple years (got a record deal for one and two short tours booked too!).  ..i've also realized that a lot the reason i drank was stress from work (i drank a lot while working too which was kind of terrible) so i just asked for and got a new position that will allow me to be there less and still get paid the same and am interviewing for several at-home positions that would allow me to excise that stress from my life entirely and get paid more all while giving me more time to expand my own business at home.  ..though i feel pretty confident in saying i don't see myself drinking again it's great knowing i can check in here any time of day and get a dose of encouragement and perspective. thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I just posted here for the first time and as a fellow musician/songwriter who would like to complete a polished demo you have given me a lot of hope and motivation. Thank you..
Congratulations on 90 days.  That's so awesome that your relationship has improved.  The term surrender is used often in recovery circles but your story illustrates that the point of *surrendering* is to stop fighting and start living.  Congratulations on living. ..I really felt good about 90 days.  While the stress at work is still intense I am able to make better choices at work get more peace of mind while away from the office and have improved relationships with many people at work I was at odds with...Strong work!
Welcome /u/modulator_c and congrats on your GOOD START on taking the road less traveled especially for working musicians.  I go to a lot of noon AA meetings in and around the theater and concert venues in my town and rarely over the years extremely well-known performers have made my meetings.  It's always a reminder to me that when I travel the way to get out of the tourist bubble is to get to an AA meeting.  It makes life so much easier.
"everything that matters to me has improved substantially during the past 90 days" That's awesome man. I know exactly what you mean. I've realized drinking is only a hindrance to things that actually matter to me well other than drinking which i prioritized for too long. Keep up the good work!
Congrats on 90!  I can't even imagine 90 right now...One warning about working from home...it is possibly much easier to drink there.  My work from home position allowed me to wake up and start right away on the whiskey to cure the hangover...and you know where that leads...I'm so inspired by posts like yours.  It gives lowbies like me hope that we can do it.  Many thanks for posting and keep up the awesome work
