-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22zzf9/so_why_do_normal_people_drink_then/

Talking to a chap at a meeting over weekend. .He asked me if I realised that "normal" people don't get that urge to keep drinking after the first drink. .His point was that a) alcoholics usually have no idea that normal people don't get that urge and b) normal people can't understand our irrational insatiable alcoholic response to taking the first drink...I've been thinking about it. And I don't believe him...Here's why...Other people DO have that "reward" response to taking a drink. And isn't that what's supposed to be the whole key to our addiction? This idea that our brains are all fucked up and miswired in the reward department?..Other people have that. You see it all the time. People grab a beer or a glass of wine at the end of a days work and they go "ahhhhh....." relax - happy face - that's reward same as I would feel. In fact isn't that exactly how we all were once?..The only people I've seen who DON'T seem to have this response are children and my mum. Typically if a child tries alcohol they don't go "ahhhh...." - they make a funny face and go "ewwww...."..My mum does the same she's tee-total and she has no "ahhhhh..." reward response. She is an "ewww..." like a child...So what about this idea that other people have no urge to keep drinking after the first one?..Well they do. Again you see it all the time..If you're an alcoholic you like me have spent your fair share of time in pubs and bars. How often do people come in and just have one drink?.You can't tell me it's "normal". I would say it's the exception. .Who has just one? Let's think..... people having some kind of meeting people who have to get back to work people who came in primarily to eat. Maybe people who have taken the family out for lunch or something like that...People who come to drink don't have "just one". And in my experience this is the vast majority of people. ..How many times have you seen people saying "Should we have another.... ah we shouldn't really.... ah go on then. "..One for the road?..How often are they still sat in the same spot talking bollocks after not just one more but 3 or 4 more?..Can you honestly tell me that's not the "norm"? ..A good example here in England is that comical one day a year when we see the first bit of sun after a miserable rainy winter. It only lasts a few hours in some parts it's come to be known as British summertime...You see people finishing work early mad for a pint - get to the nearest pub with a beer garden quick.......They fully intend to have "just a couple" and then before they know it the sense of euphoria and memories of holidays past has gotten to their sun starved brains and they're powerless to say no...... You see them falling about the place having had 6 or 7 drinks as it goes dark...Granted I'm generalising and I'm trying to paint a picture that people can relate to - it may not be 100% accurate...But you see my point? ..It doesn't look like it is "normal" to have zero reward response to drink. It looks actually like the majority of people drink for that "ahhhh....." response...Also it doesn't look like it's "normal" to have zero desire for another drink after the first. In fact it looks to me like pretty much everyone has a little bit of a struggle to say no to another. Are they all alcoholics then? Can't be. ..Alcoholics obviously have a more extreme response and granted when we're drinking out of the bottle first thing in the morning we're not looking for the "ahhhh.... lovely" response are we. We've gone way passed that. We're looking for oblivion again...But what does it mean? Does it mean that everyone everybody who enjoys a drink is somewhere on some kind of alcoholism spectrum - to a lesser or greater extent?..........
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone has it in them to become an alcoholic and many of us started by just having a drink or two each day after work...Some of us have it in their genes (I do uncle cousin mother grandfather all went down the same road).  Addiction can be very genetic.  I'm addicted to being addicted to things...But truly there are plenty of people who stop out for a drink for the social reasons rather than the fact that their good friend booze will be there.  I'd drink because my good friend booze was there and if there were other people there so much the better.
I think many more people are alcoholics than would dare to admit...But aside from that the difference between normal people and me as an alchie is that normal people might over indulge every now and then but their first response on waking isn't "fuck I feel rough I need a beer". ..And they're not watching the clock tick around to lunchtime so they can have a drink without looking like a total hobo. ..And they don't buy a sneaky shot at the bar because everyone else is drinking so slowly. ..And they don't top up the bottles at home with cheap vodka so the amount they drink is hidden. ..And they don't have to go to the bar on their own after everyone else has gone home drunk because they're not quite drunk **enough**. ..And they don't panic when they're asked to drive and then panic more when they realise that it's too late to hit the bottle shop but then realise that it's Ok because they've stashed an emergency bottle of disgusting cheap vodka in the bathroom. ..I could do this all night but I'll stop now! 
&gt; Talking to a chap at a meeting over weekend. He asked me if I realised that "normal" people don't get that urge to keep drinking after the first drink. His point was that a) alcoholics usually have no idea that normal people don't get that urge and b) normal people can't understand our irrational insatiable alcoholic response to taking the first drink..I've been thinking about it. And I don't believe him..Here's why...This is going to come off as me being a DICK-ish and I don't mean it to be that way or not to be supportive of you.  I don't care what NORMAL people do with alcohol.  I'm not normal.  My focus needs to be on my insane and impaired relationship with alcohol.  I know that I take a drink and I kick off a mental obsession that becomes a physical compulsion to drink and drink dangerously and uncontrollably.  ..My concern with what other people do or don't do can very easily move me to resentment rationalization and relapse--as when 15 years after continuous sobriety I reasoned that I could drink wine like a "normal" person and 7 years later ended up looking a federal prison sentence.  ..Normal nope: not interested in this debate.
Some people - quite a lot really - get little or no pleasure out of an alcoholic buzz.  You will very rarely see them "going out for drinks" because the cost the driving risk the sleepiness and the potential hangover makes it a net negative.  They may accept a free glass of wine if you have them over for dinner.   Or not if you don't have any.   They just don't care about it...Other people do get true pleasure out of the buzz but can control it.  A lot of us were this way once.   For years I used to get drunk on Fridays and then abstain for six days.   My enjoyment of the buzz was a clear sign that I was at risk for alcoholism down the road.   All I needed was more volume.  I charged down that road eventually drank every night and became a full-blown alcoholic...So I would say yes -- if you enjoy drinking to the point where you actually care if it is present at social events you are on an alcoholism spectrum.   It is a wide spectrum and the low end of it is pretty harmless.  People proceed across it at very different rates depending on volume and genetics and other things.  ..But I'll say this:  you only move one direction.  Downward.   Once you need a 12-pack on Friday and Saturday you will not be going back to just a 6-pack on Friday.   No chance...
Hmmm...I guess my understanding of alcoholism is different than that of your friend.  From my experience (and from many I've seen voiced here or in meetings) it's not just the urge to keep drinking after that first drink it's that there is no OFF switch instead it has been replaced with a MORE switch.  It was like that for me from the time I took my first drink.  I wonder if your friend is confusing the saying about alcoholics not being able to take that first drink or else we are off and running (logic being replaced with animalistic NEED).  Many normal drinkers that I know will have more than one because hey it feels good for them to catch a buzz right?  But they can make the choice to slow down and when to stop.  I can't. 
