-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2304pn/calling_on_help_from_the_ustopdrinking_community/

I was recently asked to speak to multiple health classes at a local high school a week from today (Monday).  The topic of course is alcoholism and my personal experiences.  This is an incredible opportunity to try to share some of my experiences and wisdom to 14 and 15 year old freshmen.  Coincidentally this is the age I started down my path and it started at the exact same high school.  So what do I need help with from the /u/stopdrinking community?  Two things:..1)  I am only one person and I am old enough to be these kids' father.  In fact many of them I have coached or seen over the years.  I was thinking it would be wonderful to take a print out of brief stories here by the community and hand them out.  If you are interested here is what I am looking for:  One to three paragraphs about your thoughts/experiences because of alcohol.  I would love for people to tie it in to their days as a teen if possible and what that ultimately resulted in as they got older.  Also if you could state the age at which you started to believe you had a problem with alcohol it would be great.  The benefit to this in my opinion is showing them real world stories which are currently happening.  People (usually not much older than them) who are going through struggles and consequences right now because of poor choices or addictions with drugs/alcohol.  I have a feeling many of you would be far more powerful than anything I can tell these kids...2)  I know this community has some very smart science based individuals out there.  I also know that there have been many recent studies about the neurocognitive affects of alcohol abuse on developing brains.  I just don't know where to find them.  If anyone can find any quality studies I can print for the kids I would love to share those as well...This is not an AA thing and it is certainly not a paid thing.  My son's health teacher heard I was in recovery and he asked me if I would mind speaking to his classes.  While I would prefer not to "out" myself in my own community I feel it is more important to try to help even one student out there.  Plus my son asked me to do it (which is a whole other gift of sobriety itself!).  ..To anyone who chooses to respond thank you very much.  Trust me your stories will be heard.  ..EDIT:  Age doesn't matter.  I do suspect that younger people here might have a greater impact on some not all kids.  Your sobriety definitely does not matter.  I am not trying to share with them how to become sober as much as show them what can and often does happen when you abuse alcohol/drugs.  I want them to know that if they do go down that path and things are not going well they are not alone losers or failures.  I want them to know that there are great communities of people who have either chosen sobriety or are working to get there.  Finally I will not submit anything to these kids that I would not submit to my mother....so keep it clean and respectful if you really want to help.  What do you wish someone had told you when you were 14 or 15?  Maybe that is a good way to go.  Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow this must feel great to be apart of to really help others. I would love to help yet im only a week in and 21. I have plenty of stories still iffy on sharing them...yet if I know it can only help others I wouldn't mind trying?..Or are you looking for a much bigger gap to current age to teens? ( if you catch my drift) and well nothing has seriously improved yet hence why im here.
What a great opportunity! [This is an excellent and very comprehensive article on the adverse effects of alcohol consumption](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/14/2/139.full). There are many sources at the end but this may be enough for a school presentation. 
I find that the Wikipedia [entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholism) on alcoholism while not exactly adolescent-friendly had all of the info that I need when I speak to a groups.  ..I'm speaking next Monday too--to the local bar association.  I'm handing out the entry and telling my story (what happened how I got sober what I'm doing now to stay sober) since it's the only one I know well.
[deleted]
See if they'll allow you to bring in some younger recovering types to join you in speaking with the students.  The kids tune out adults.  At 19 or 20 I spoke to a middle school class to help out the local high school students who were doing a project/assignment thingy.  All the middle school kids who were already drinking and drugging gave me dagger eyes the entire time.  Those who weren't paid attention.  The high school students thanked me for going above and beyond what they were expecting...There's already entire books full of young people's stories published by the AA Grapevine.  I've got one in my AA satchel in fact.  Even though what you're being asked to do isn't an "AA thing" you can still share publicly available stories from young people who happen to be AA members.
What a wonderful gift you're giving your community Nika. :-)  Alas I too am an old fogie at 43 so I don't have much to relate to them outside of their age.  I was 15 when I started drinking binging from the beginning because of a basic lack of a built-in functioning braking system...Although it may or may not help them pick up that first drink that first time when they are young at least having the knowledge that they could be one of the "lucky ones" that are lacking that braking system could help them recognize it earlier rather than later and be able to help them make the decision that drinking may not be something that is an option for them.  ..No one ever spoke to us about the dangers of drinking when I was in school.  It was back in the 80's "Just say NO to drugs" era but that was all about illegal drugs rather than legal.  We did have one speaker that came in to talk to us about his cocaine use who had an impact on me ("I can whistle Dixie through the holes in my nose")...scared me enough to keep me clean from drugs at least through high school. ..I'll think about it and if I can come up with something that might make their eyebrows twitch a little bit I'll post it. 
I would tell them that many of them have no doubt begun experimenting with alcohol.  Very few people will be diagnosed as alcoholic at their young age.  But if they have/will develop a reputation of being able to "handle their drinking well" or of they can drink more than their peers with no apparent ill effects look out!  They are at high risk of developing a real problem...This is all backed up by the books Under the Influence and Beyond the Influence.
[deleted]
14-15 is a tough age.  Hell it's all tough ages but...Their attention span will be short...You have to make it relevant.   Some of them will be looking for ways to make a joke out of it.  And the truth is I don't have any idea how to talk to them..But that won't stop me from giving advice....If I had to do it I would focus on **drinking makes you stupid and do stupid things. How cool is that?**..Focus on pregnancy.  (A drunk boy is not going to worry about consequences)  Focus on DUI deaths.    (Nevernevernever ride with a drunk driver.).   Focus on long term consequences for short term "fun"...???..Edit. Or personally the feeling different  not belonging thing - how alcohol "solves" that.But not really...
We do something here called "Saturday Shares."  [Here is a link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=flair%3Asaturday&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all)   This link also appears in the sidebar.  -------&gt;..Saturday Shares are opportunities for community members to share their story.  Many new to sobriety find it beneficial to read through these stories.  It helps them to find similarities between themselves and others in the community.  It helps them see that they are not special or unique and more importantly that they are not alone...If anyone wants to do a Saturday Share here is how it works: Type up your story.  Submit it as a post.  Send us a modmail letting us know that you've done a Saturday Share and we will tag your story so it shows up on that listing. (There's a link in the sidebar titled "message the moderators.)..Anyone is welcome to do a Saturday Share whenever they'd like.  You don't need permission and it doesn't have to be on a Saturday.
Structure wise I would start out with a hilarious story ."You know I remember back in high school me and my buddies were at the wildest party....." .Get everybody laughing then drop a bomb on them "6 years later I couldn't tie my shoes without drinking because my hands were shaking so badly (or something like that)."..You could get into as little or as much of your own path/recovery as you want but that should definitely hook them.
What an incredible opportunity! I didn't really start drinking regularly until grad school then it was all downhill from there. So I don't think I could provide a personal story that would necessarily resonate with 14-15 year olds. But here are a couple more educational materials to add to the fabulous articles provided by /u/gelastic_farceur and /u/fatnsseverdeen. ..If you will have access to a laptop/projector this is a fun website that shows how a variety of addictive substances including alcohol act on the brain: http://learn.genetics.utah.edu/content/addiction/mouse/..Also here's a handout on underage drinking that was published by the National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism: http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/UnderageDrinking/Underage_Fact.pdf..Good luck!
Alcoholism for me was certainly not a 'bad choice' that I made although my first drunken experience was at 14 years of age much like you describe.  I was just going along with the crowd I was with trying out new things adult things and seeing if I liked them.  ..The consequences of my drinking didn't really start to pile up for a while and even then it really felt like it was other people who had a problem with my behavior not me. ..I failed to see that my pattern of drinking became more and more abnormal over time until when I was finally willing to admit I had a problem nothing but the most drastic course of action and the most extreme measures were effective.  ..I now live a life of complete abstinence from all intoxicants and attend support meetings to bolster my decision to stay sober...The truly horrific part of the process of becoming alcoholic bottoming out and going into recovery was looking back and seeing that at each step along the path I made decisions that seemed logical prudent and reasonable and I felt like the consequences incurred were worth the risk.  And yet the end result was that I lost the respect of all my friends and family and I threw away every dream and aspiration I had as a young man.  ..What could I have done to stop?  ..The real mistake that I made and the one course of action that I failed to take that nearly caused me to lose everything was failure to heed the advice of others and failure to accept help when it was offered...These days when someone tells me that they have experienced what I'm going through and know what the consequences of the decisions I'm making are going to be I listen.
[deleted]
37 here no alcoholism in my family my first drink was age 13 or 14 didn't become a problem till I was probably 26 in the next decade I stubbornly attended thousands of AA meetings to prove I wasn't an alcoholic 3 rehab stays numerous hospitalizations with lethal BACs. Alcohol took everything from me marriage houses cars jobs friends relationships my dignity my sanity my child my self respect any trust anyone whoever loved me. I was homeless sleeping on a park bench in DC and still thought I was in control of my life.  It took me being so disgusted with myself finally looking in the mirror at the horror that was looking back. ..I have 8 months sober before now the longest stretch I put together was 20 years ago when I was pregnant. I wasted half my life being an ass I feel like I will be working for the next half in the hopes I can get back at least some of what I threw away. While in that quest I feel it my duty to share my story in hopes that it resonates with someone. I don't believe in coincidence I was meant to take this path by all logic I should be dead my purpose has yet to be fulfilled. 
