-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/232h46/41_days_the_itch_is_mostly_gone_but_i_feel_so/

Last year I went 37 days without a drink depression set in and I relapsed. I feel like I'm on that cusp again today. Drinking was all I use to look forward to and now... now I don't look forward to anything...I think I should be more proud of this achievement or care more or something. You guys are great so full of positive energy and can-do spirit. I don't know if this is a stupid (or unanswerable) question but well.....how do you do it?
----------immediate responses--------

I used to hate AA meetings but now I really look forward to them because there are so many good people to get to know. I love the topicsdiscussions and the sharing. ..Soon I will be volunteering for services and put my efforts into selfless work. 
To be honest I became depressed around the same day count. I've read others say the same. It seems to be common. I didn't really care about anything. I neglected major tasks and kinda stayed in bed for a few weeks. I didn't drink then because I knew that alcohol wasn't the cure it was the reason I was depressed. I drank for so long that my brain needed alcohol to tell it when to be happy. ..That phase lasted about 6 weeks for me. Now I'm noticeably happier. You're probably going to be incredibly bored and depressed for a little while but you know that is going to pass. ..I haven't found a single person on here say "OMG its been 6 months and it keeps getting worse I'm even more bored than the first few months and I'm so unhappy with life." Every comment I read from someone 6 months or a year out is like "Wow I'm so happy and my life is amazing now!"..It's awesome that you haven't drank in 42 days! I know you can keep on going! You're going to look back on your post and smile because you'll be thanking yourself for all the hard work you put in...
In the beginning I kept close to home and work but I put a lot more quality attention into them. After a while I started to expand my interests. I took some classes and found a ceramics class that really grabbed me. Now I'm a sculptor and I sell my work. I think the key is looking for the real reward in life instead of settling for a false chemical reaction.
There is a saying in AA that when we are alone we are in a very dangerous neighborhood...Isolation is a core component of our condition...Exercise is good but getting out and living a sober life is I think even better.   For me that includes meetings.  ..
Try to find something simple but time consuming that gives you pleasure. When you quit drinking that creates hours per day of time where you used to be content cause you were drunk to fill. I started working out an hour per day before work habitually cleaning my house and reading books. That makes me happy cause that effort has translated to a thinner body a cleaner house and a more engaged mind. Your tasks will probably be different from mine but find something to fill that time so you're not sitting around thinking about booze.
Don't be afraid to talk to your doctor about depression. I was stuck in a cycle where I would sober up for a couple weeks feel really depressed drink for a month and repeat. Now I'm taking an antidepressant and even though it's still early in my sobriety I feel so much better and more positive than I ever have. My cravings are almost nonexistent and I'm actually looking forward to the future again. Many alcoholics are chemically depressed for the first year of sobriety. 
Congratulations. That's a big damn deal...TLDR; I wanted to die from age 12 to 22 including my first three months of sobriety. I worked the 12 steps of AA and continue to do so. My life is happy joyous and free. WTF?? I shit you not. You don't have to wait til it hurts worse. Trust me I did....I was terribly depressed through the first three months of sobriety. I was sober but I didn't have any recovery. I woke up one morning 3.5 months into it and realized that if I didn't change something I'd either drink kill myself or live a miserable existence. I don't recommend waiting that long. You don't have to. I promise...I've been to shrinks psychologists psychiatrists spiritual healers medical doctors (I could increase the list ad infinitum). All these people tried to help me and bring peace into my life. I never found that peace until I worked the twelve steps of alcoholics anonymous... Getting a sponsor and beginning my stepwork was the wisest decision I've ever made. Better than quitting drinking. My problem wasn't quitting it was having a life tolerable enough to live through. Today that's completely different. Life is joyful not tolerable. Even when shitty things happen (and they do I'm no longer depressed but I still have that hyper-realism) I can walk through them with grace and dignity. I have peace in my heart and calm in my mind. I never expected that. It was given to me freely...I also have a long and well-documented history of depression (and family history). The 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous saved my life yes by keeping me alive but also by giving me calm and peace in my heart. Without those things I wouldn't be here today much less have this life that got very good very quickly. The material things might not happen to you but those steps work. They generate a predictable reliable and profound effect when worked honestly rigorously and willingly...
Congrats on your 41 days...I think the empty feeling is pretty common for a lot of us early in sobriety I share it as well. Depending on how long you've been drinking give yourself some time and don't be so hard on yourself. .Find something to do like a hobby that you would like. It can be anything and just do it even if you're not up for it. Like building a puzzle go to the hobby shop and get a model kit to build and paint take up cycling. .
Find a hobby that you love that is (or is at least mostly) incompatible with drinking. Go to the library and read. Go backpacking with friends for a few days. Take up working out at a gym. Just find a thing and place that you love that doesn't serve alcohol and go there..
