-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/232irs/four_weeks_tomorrow_and_im_getting_a_dog/

Hey guys..So I'm at four weeks tomorrow and feeling pretty great. I almost never have cravings anymore unless I'm somewhere where people are drinking but even then they are pretty minor. I generally avoid drinking situations still and I am staying far away from places I used to drink heavily...Mostly I don't think about it at all because I'm too busy with work and now preparing for my DOG! I got accepted to adopt [this little gal](http://i.imgur.com/JMJJqjf.jpg) and she's coming on Friday!..I've been rearranging my whole house to get ready. I spent two hours hauling boxes down to my storage locker and I've done all my laundry. Tomorrow I'm going to go around and make sure any and all electrical cords are safely tucked away where she won't be able to chew them and get all my dishes clean...It feels really good. I've wanted a dog forever and I've been seriously planning it for the last eightteen months. I moved out from my old apartment where I lived with a heavy/problem drinker and drug user. I got myself to my new apartment where I've struggled a bit but finally been able to get myself back to a healthy sober life...Getting a dog isn't why I got sober and I'm not relying on my dog to keep me sober (although I imagine she'll be a huge help) but there is no way I would have been able to even consider applying to adopt a dog while I was drinking. ..I've noticed that when I get sober things start to appear in my life. ..In the last week I got a new dining room table and chairs a friend at work offered to set me up with a girl he thinks I'd be a good fit for and I got approved to adopt Daisy! It's amazing!..When I got drunk things appeared to but they were mostly empty bottles and cans. When I'm sober the things that show up are a lot more positive and a lot more permanent...I always wondered how people had these lives that were so together. Well it's amazing how much extra time you have when you aren't intoxicated from 7pm to bedtime every night. It's amazing how much money you have when you're not buying a pack of smokes and a six pack every day...I'm going to have a dog! And I'm going to take such good care of her and part of that is taking really good care of myself too.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the dog! She is a cutie. She will be an amazing force in your life I'm sure. Congrats on for weeks too that is awesome :)
Amazing dog! Congratulations! So much love and fun! Keep doing what you're doing and you'll both be very happy.
I love DOGS ^and ^cats but BOY do I LOVE DOGS.  I had a Newfoundland Fiona that died a year ago last September.  She was a big lovable bear of a dog and lived several years beyond her life expectancy due to her fitness and the care she received.  I walked her everyday and this was good solid meditative time.  Last year over my strong objections my wife adopted a couple mixed golden lab/retriever puppies: Stanley and Stella a brother and sister.  They are a hilarious pair of youngsters that are wearing me out; but it's nice to have them at the house.  I think dogs are like "heartbeats" for a home.  Enjoy your new family member!
You sound like you will be an excellent dog owner.
Yay for you and Daisy and also for your circle with the 4 inside - the rare Circle 4. :D
My dog helped me get sober in many different ways. Having the routine of a long walk was great help!
