-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2368hn/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Not dying of the plague anymore!  Health is almost back to 100%.  Partner continues to be amazing.  Life is wounderful :)..Struggle: Work is a bit slow these days..General chat:  WHY IS IT COLD??..Have a great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph: Finally putting on weight (I'm trying to bulk up)..Struggle: Finally putting on weight (I'm trying not to get fat)..General chat: I'm daring to dream that Liverpool could actually win the prem this year ...
Triumph: slowly my life is being pieced back together. My SO says she is dating a new person. The sober me can pay her the attention she deserves. ..Struggle: still looking for work..General chat: it snowed yesterday.....why????
Triumph: Finally had the insurance coverage to see a dermatologist for a full body cancer screening...Struggle: Had to leave a few bits of me behind...General:Waiting for lab results while trying to stay positively in the day.
Triumph: Made significant potentially career-changing decisions that is progressing slowly but surely...Struggle: Phone call from pre-sobriety ex threw me off - but I did not want to drink...General chat: I've developed a sudden compulsion to go to South America. Any recommendations from people who have been?
Triumph: I am on day 3 of being sober..Struggle: Day 3 is always the hardest and this is a strange detox this time...General chat: I have a job interview next month but wondering if I would really want to move.
Been in the dumps since my 50mile ride last Saturday. Not sure why...Did some bike maintenance when I got home from work yesterday. ..*really* hoping tbe whether clears up for my Friday after work ride.
Triumph: Worked up the guts to approach someone to be a temporary sponsor..Struggle: Shit. Now I have to be honest with another human being because I worked up the guts to approach someone to be a temporary sponsor..General: I need to get some motivation to clean up my apartment. I gross myself out.
[deleted]
Triumph:Still sober today. Developing healthy coping mechanisms. ..Struggle: Experiencing intense cravings to use. ..General: Satisfied to keep walking the road of happy destiny
Great post and all is well. Completely stopped all alcohol consumption 54days ago and feel great for doing it..Have been successful in focusing on positive stuff going on now and putting the past in the past.Grateful to have found this place to share and glad i read your post today
Triumph:  Nothing specific just overall contentedness. Got back w/ my old Book study group and fell in love all over again. (Women FTW!)..Struggle:  Remembering and implementing all the great things I hear at meetings into daily life.  ..General chat:  I like kissing.
[uh oh. guess what day it is...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBhP0EQ1lA)
[deleted]
Triumph:  Feeling positive and energetic...Struggle: Overcoming laziness in my spare time (lots of cool projects to work on I need to start them!)..General chat: NHL playoffs start tonight!
Triumph: nice weather reaching the end of a stressful work day..Struggle: ^ stressful work day but already thinking of ways to unwind without booze this evening to turn it into a triumph instead..General chat: looking forward to some relaxing tea and a book in the back yard!
Triumph: Got some good news yesterday that put me at ease...Struggle: Wanted a celebratory drink for good news...General Chat: Need a new video game or something to play to keep me distracted from booze.
Triumph: Longest time clean and sober since I was like 16 woo. Got out of rehab last week and have started going to meetings without being high.....Struggle: I feel so uncomfortable sharing shit and talking to people! It's driving me insane. It's something that needs work... And sometimes I just don't know what to do with myself. I just feel like I spend all my time killing time which probably won't end well.
Phew!  Long day of meetings is over...Triumph: Life is great.  I'm enjoying tennis very much.  I just went to a work dinner at a bar last night.  It wouldn't have been a big deal but I noticed several people were not drinking.  I probably wouldn't have noticed that in the old days...Struggle: I got nothing...General chat: Spring?  Snow?  WTF!
Triumph: 2 days in a row I met every single one of my daily goals!  And drinking just *never* seems like a good idea...Struggle: 2 days ago I reduced my daily goals dramatically from 7 to 3 and even those three are simpler. (30 min Exercise 20 min Practice Each Instrument Calorie Deficit)  I find I tend to increase the expectations on myself so high I can't possibly meet them then get discouraged and stop trying.  I can jack up my goals once they begin to seem routine and easy...General chat: my cats are my best friends.  And I don't care if that makes me a crazy cat lady.
Triumph: Made it to the gym for 2 hours today...Struggle:  Still hating myself for killing my relationship becuase of drinking...General chat: Trying to find a new hobby any suggestions?  
triumph: got a reply from a guy i messaged on okcupid! working myself out of a slump i've been in for a bit partially thanks to some sound advice from my sponsor. ..struggle: DID I GET INTO GRAD SCHOOL OR NOT? ADJLSK;L;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; WAT AM I DOING W MY LIFE HELP waitlists suck (but they're better than an outright rejection!) :/..general chat: back to warm weather tomorrow!
Triumph: Back on the wagon. Talked to my aunt about how I can't come over anymore and how she can't text me nightly asking if I want to come over and drink. Went over well. I started drinking again because I gave in and went to her place for a drink one night. ..Struggle: Getting past Easter weekend without giving in and going to the family get togethers and if I do end up going (I really want to) not drinking during them...General Chat: I quoted a vulgar line from a song that was being referenced in an /r/pics thread and some guy who didn't realize it was a reference made a separate account to make fun of me for being an alcoholic. He must have read through my posts and saw my /r/stopdrinking posts. It was pretty hilarious/a new low even for Reddit. Definitely the highlight of my night. 
Triumph: Hit my lowest weight again in 4 years. Slowly but surely...Struggle: Weird test results unrelated to drinking giving me bad anxiety...General chat: Cloverfield... Really wasn't that great! Rewatching it is tough
