-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2376j7/concern_about_aa_meetings_members/

Hi all. So I'm working with a sponsor averaging about a meeting per day for almost a month. Every day is a new record for me right now. ..I have a concern about the meetings I've been going to and I'm starting to think it might be a larger AA trend. This will probably be unpopular in this sub but bear with me and to quote don't have "contempt prior to investigation". ..When I looked for a therapist and psychiatrist I made damn sure that they were smarter than me. I look for people who are on my level or "better" in my friends and professional environments as well. You know surround yourself with people where you have to raise your own bar...With the exception of their sobriety I don't get that feeling often from many meetings I've been going to. I'm going to sound like a huge prick here and maybe that is something that will get worked out in my program. I mean I'm looking for meetings with people who "have what I want" but I'm finding mostly people struggling to read gangbangers lack of education people who are content to "fill up their days riding the bus to the meeting and back" etc. I know these folks have drive to stay sober and improve their life but *overall* it feels like a step down (other than the very important sobriety & welcomeness) from the people in all other aspects of my social life. I know that AA gets people from all walks of life. I know many brilliant people who struggle with alcohol but I'm not finding many in these meetings. It isn't everyone but I feel like it is most...I'm trying not to be judgmental but I fear it will impact my willingness for long-term sustainability and relationships in the program...Anyone else have these thoughts / experiences & how did you approach it?..Again this is ***not*** meant to be a critique of anyone in this sub anyone's friends groups programs AA etc. Indeed I feel this sub is not representative of overall AA demographics. Just discussion...___..TLDR: I feel like I'm meeting a lot of dumdums in AA and its starting to turn me off.
----------immediate responses--------

Erudite gentlemen such as myself are rare.
Well at least you're trying to be honest about your feelings /u/MaruchanInstant.  ..I go to an AA meeting on the Public Square of a large American city.  My activity and service to this AA meeting goes back 28 years minus a relapse of 7 years prior to 2009.  This meeting is well-attended by the elites of my city--but I can quite assure you that some of the most remarkable and profound people that attend that meeting and who have shared at that meeting over the years have been homeless or formerly homeless uneducated NOBODIES.  Frankly from these ranks of homeless nobodies one of the women who "lead" that meeting for me last year (the step-granddaughter of the blues legend Robert Johnson) became an addiction counselor who helped my daughter.  Another formerly unemployable homeless woman who came to that meeting years ago seeking support just lead for me last year--was late to our meeting because as she was leaving her medical school office where she is a nationally-known cancer researcher she took a late phone call that nearly caused her to miss her ride to the church.  The most profound speaker of all was a disabled man who stammered-out his lead because his wife shot him through the head--"I....ha had ...ittt...coming." ..My friend my spiritual path in AA is all about LISTENING.  The deepest and most profound miracles of redemption occur in the rooms of AA.  ..By the way I met a lot of know-it-alls (especially yours truly) in the mirrors behind the bars and saloons.  I'm not hanging out with those geniuses again.
You're in SF right? If you're looking for a certain type of people you need to go where they are. Try a lunchtime meeting downtown or in the FiDi (especially the Drive Thru meeting) for a lot of professional types. I feel like All Groups has a lot of professionals as well. You just need to keep poking around until you find your people I promise they are out there. What about Sesame Steps or Reality Farm? Even High Noon has a weird subset of lawyers and whatnot. ..In the meantime honesty open-mindedness and willingness will get you a long way...Also when you have enough time get into General Service or IFB.
Let me tell you a story about intensive outpatient. I was going with these 6 guys to about 5 AA meetings a week and chatting with a therapist. The therapist had about 25 years sober and a PH.D Psych. and CADIII. My sponsor who I picked had 10 years sober and was getting his PD.H in Neuroscience...I needed to pick people that were obviously demonstrably smarter than me to look up to. Obviously. I graduated from an elite college while drinking *with a double major* mind you. Listening to kids who flunked out of high school was obviously a complete waste of my fucking time...About two months in they sat me down in a group with all of the members of the outpatient. This is something they could ask me to do in their group but not in AA. They knew I was an arrogant prick so they asked me to go around the room and tell everyone how I really felt about them. Free pass no retribution but I had to. I refused. They egged me. I refused. They said I fucking had to...I went around around the room and called guys who had three four five seven years sober 'stupid and simple minded.' Young men who who survived broken homes life threatening addiction young men who who found a way to drag my ass to meetings six days a week take my fucking phone calls talk me down from the edge sit with me for hours because I was too chickenshit to just go home alone and just sit with myself...Years later we still joke about it and they will still pull out 'Well thank goodness I'm Simple Minded.'..It's not that I thought I was ... 'better' than everyone It's that I thought I was on a completely different plane of existence than other people. Looking down on how stupid and unconscious everyone was. If you could see people from where I saw them you'd understand... but *nobody* could ever see from where I saw...Yeah that didn't work out for me...Today my sponsor is a man without college education who at the age of 50 has before me never spoken to a Jew before. He doesn't speak in run-on sentences doesn't always have something profound to say but he always picks up the motherfucking phone. Every single time...My therapist told me a couple of things that are not exactly AA truisms so please take them with a grain of salt...He told me that smart people have a harder time getting sober because in each of us it's our own fucking brain that is the enemy. The more stock you place in it the more work you have it do the more chance you have of it talking you right out the fucking door. Again he told me this as a guy who got two masters degrees while shooting heroin. The smarts are bullshit...The second thing he said is that as someone who is 'privileged and smart' I have *more* to give back a higher responsibility for service to this fucking world that I would have so neatly and completely exploited with a life of drinking. So now I have a career in service... and I'm beginning to see what he was talking about. ..Anyways. Best of luck!
I don't think AA has a "Gifted and Talented" program.
What is your question? ..The path to sobriety places you with people that you feel contemptuous of?...
[deleted]
&gt;I'm looking for meetings with people who "have what I want"..Maybe you and I have a different take on that statement. When I'm sitting in an AA meeting it's not someone's dress intellect or social status that I'm looking to try to emulate. It's an AA meeting after all not a business meeting. We're there to overcome our alcoholism and the attitudes that got us in that chair in that room today...The person who has what I want exudes a sense of peace and serenity just in their very presence...the stuff that's on the inside making them *shine* on the outside. If they are dressed like a farmer (and may actually be at one of the meetings I attend) and speak simply and slowly it matters not to me. In fact a person matching this description spoke at a meeting I attended last night and I was humbled by their presence. This is what I strive for each day...
I feel that way too at times. You're in a room with 40 alcoholics in it. Of course it feels like a step down...Look for the similarities and you might find them where it counts.
I totally judged the first AA meeting I went to very similarly... *Ugh look at all these junkies*. I thought everyone was trashy and below me. I judged their apparent priorities: sneakers sweatshirts cigarettes.. I was quickly brought down off my high horse as many of these members raised their hand for the over a year of sobriety. This is definitely one of my flaws. I have a lot of learning to do about myself.
I attend meetings with people from all walks of life. (Well the people with medical degrees hold their own meetings because if we knew who they were we might not have the kind of faith in them that is important.) I've seen lawyers picking up yet another white chip and truckers saving yet another hopeless drunk with a turn of phrase that resonated. Very young people with the kind of poise and knowledge of self that I can only marvel at and people of privilege and means weeping with the shame and remorse of bad alcoholic behavior. One thing I treasure in AA is the constant panoply of the human condition. 
