-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/239v5d/a_friend_who_can_help/

I honestly don't even know where to begin. I can't say when exactly it started or how. All I know is where I am now... I was hanging out with a friend tonight and I had this epiphany moment that made me truly see the state of my life. I've been friends with people I shouldn't have been for the sake of drinking I've put my dreams on permanent pause for 'youthful parting' and I've watched my family fall apart because of it and I'm so stubborn I cant or wont admit it to those I should... both of my parents have suffered from this disease and I hate myself for allowing myself to succumb to it as well. Tonight was the first night I saw myself for what I truly am and I feel like I'm such an idiot for even allowing myself to get here... I have been a terrible friend daughter sister and confidant because of this and I feel like....I should go to a meeting. Ew. Does anyone else struggle with the idea of AA? I feel like once I commit I'm doomed... I just want to be normal.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah at the end of my drinking alcohol had caused so many distortions in my thinking and was making so many of my poorest decisions for me.  I needed an epiphany--and I had one...As a regular on /r/stopdrinking I can quite assure you that MOST of us have struggled with the idea of AA; on the other hand the best decision I ever made about getting and staying sober was to honestly openly and willingly go and LISTEN to a number of AA meetings.  When I went I found a lot of funny smart and cynical characters just like the ones on this subreddit.  
Yeah I struggled with the idea of AA for a long time. After all I thought AA was for people with devastating problems or for people who were court ordered to go...Then one day in desperation I just said "fuck it it can't hurt." Once you go into AA you're definitely not married to the meeting you first go to or anything and you can always try something else. After all plenty of people go in and out of those rooms at pretty high rates. I just wanted to see if it was for me and it worked out. You'll never know that if you don't give it a try. All of my previous opinions of AA were ignorant but I always thought this was just because I was ignorant...I'm more normal now than I ever was when I was drinking. Like sometimes I think I'm painfully normal. But normal keeps me out of trouble gets me friends much quicker than I ever had before and allowed me to grow the fuck up. I mean yeah occasionally I'll have to turn a drink down like once a month because I'm not a "normal drinker" but no one else really gives a fuck unless they also have issues with alcohol...**TLDR; check out a meeting it won't kill you. If you don't like it you've got plenty of time to figure out what else might work for you.**
I don't drink but I come from this on the other side as the ex-wife of an alcoholic.  I can tell you with absolute certainty that nothing good will happen if you don't stop drinking.  If you think you may have a problem with drinking it is almost a guarantee that you do.  The alcoholic is always the last to figure that out.  I have one caution with AA.  Do not go there and compare yourself with the other people in the group.  My ex was a binge drinker.  He is still an alcoholic but because he doesn't drink every day and the people at AA did he thought because he was not like them in the way he drank he must not be an alcoholic.  If you go to the meetings go with an open mind and keep your thoughts about your own situation and how it has to change.  You will hear from people who are more deeply in the disease than you are don't let that sway you into thinking that you may not have a problem.
[deleted]
