-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23afbi/this_is_going_to_help_me_not_drink_tonight/

As I mentioned in my previous post I finally found an AA meeting I liked. Well today was day 2 there. Here's what happened...tl;dr I got called a handsome young white man by a cracked-out prostitute. ..About half an hour into the meeting while an older gentlemen was regaling our group of around fifty people with his tales of a ten-year relapse in saunters a scantily clad overweight black woman sporting a crew cut and carrying a Wal-mart bag. She sank into a chair and immediately began sobbing. ..My heart went out to this obviously homeless woman but I tried to focus on my second step which is the whole reason I'm there at this point. ..As the older man finished his story of losing his driver's license and eventually driving his lawn mower to the local liquor store for another fifth the homeless woman introduced herself..."I'm Tanisha (sp?) and I'm an addict" she sobbed. Silence from the group. "I just want to say the biggest addict is Jesus. He's addicted to all of us."..I hid my initial *what the fuck?* reaction and attempted to find meaning in this nearly-profound assertion. Before I could process the fact that I may actually be the proverbial heroin to some celestial being Tanisha was ranting and pacing through the room. ..Through her drug-induced slurs impulsive outbursts and anti-establishment preaching I learned that Tanisha was actually a very sick individual. She was addicted to crack cocaine. She was a "mademoiselle" ("... the best damn one that ever walked this earth" by the way). She buried her son at age five when he died of brain cancer. Her son was her crack dealer. Her daughter had run away and wanted nothing to do with her. She finished stating that she wanted to kill herself and go to hell but God wouldn't let her die. ..With that statement of desire she left. One member ran after her. The meeting proceeded. ..Ten minutes later Tanisha was back. She nearly ran through the room and approached a woman in the back corner. The woman made this mistake of grabbing her phone away from Tanisha. Tanisha didn't like that..."Bitch all I wanted was some water! Somebody get me some water for my kool-aid! My blood sugar is low! Ya'll ain't no Jesus! Ya'll want something and don't wanna give nothin'!"..Tanisha was shortly escorted out by a few more-senior members. ..The meeting continued and ended without another interruption. ..As I left the small building through the back door Tanisha was sitting on the steps talking to Vince the first person to greet me to that particular meeting the day before my first day. She stopped talking and caught me by the arm..."Sir" she said as I turned to face her strangely calm at the unwanted contact. "Sir I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I didn't mean no harm. You a handsome young white man."..I smiled nodded said my thanks and she began to sob again. I shook Vince's hand and got into my car and came back to work...I haven't figured out AA yet. I'm not even close. But I have realized that the groups offer what I call 'Instant Lessons.' Today I learned how far down rock-bottom really is...And as long as I don't drink I never have to fear going there...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Normies would simply think she is crazy. As an alcoholic I can only think she was asking for help in the only way she was able..."I need help" are the three hardest words for an alcoholic to say.
I could swear I was in a meeting with her once! Was she wearing a different hat every time she came back in the room? ... And kinda looked and talked like Tracy Morgan in drag?..Good old tradition 3. 
Where else can you find this type of entertainment?
Definitely sad.  I know that when I came in I wasn't as bad as this but I was pretty rundown and people could tell.  I've managed - with a lot of help from my friends - to pull myself back together a little bit.  Now when I see someone in so much pain it reminds me I never want to go back to where I was.
[deleted]
You couldn't possibly make this up. 
Wow! Thank you for posting I'm struggling a bit right now which is why I'm reading SD right now. 
Well if you haven't heard it yet let me be the first. ..If you haven't been to an AA meeting you hated you haven't been to enough meetings...There you have heard it now. Been going on and off for 10 years in 8 different states. Sometimes the only thing I get out of it was 60 minutes I didn't drink others much more profound. Keep putting one foot in front of the other and know you have tons of support from people who have been in your shoes and only want for anyone who wants it another day sober. Reach out many willing hands out here to help you up.
What an adventure.  It is a reminder that life can always be better even for Tanisha.  Each day we can strive to live better by being kinder more compassionate.  ..Step One: Life has become unmanageable help..Step Two: There's gotta be a better more rewarding way and I am determined to go in search of it...
