-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23b1a9/fullblown_relapse/

Holy shit. This is not fun. The weekend is gonna be worse. I made a bet with my buddy. If I stop drinking by Sunday I get a dollar. If not I have to mail my parents a bag of shit. Sorry if this isn't helpful to any of you that are struggling. Just... Just don't come back here. It's worse than you remember somehow. I've been going to work and that makes it worse somehow. Just something else to balance. Ugh. I can't afford this. Financially or otherwise. I just got back from therapy an hour ago. *Fuck* this detox is gonna be bad...I ran into this girl I know from AA meetings earlier this week. She gave me at *least* two openings and I am *desperate* for a girlfriend. I choked *hard* and then I came home and my grocery store was having a sale on wine. Now I don't know if I'm gonna be able to pay my rent come the first...Fuck me running.
----------immediate responses--------

First things first... win that fucking bet. Start dealing with everything else one step at a time. You can find ways to solve your problems I have confidence. Good luck!
I relapsed two times and each time the recovery has been even harder.  You are taking a good step to recognize that you need to stop again but don't be too hard on yourself.  You're going to feel better tomorrow and better the next day and better than that the next...
I wish you all the best. Get back on the horse. Maybe move some of that desperation for a girlfriend over to desperation for sobriety it will pay off more in the long run!
The fact that you said you were "desperate" for a gf means you should probably back off of that idea and focus on keeping yourself healthy and sober. I'm not telling you *what* to do just that alcohol and alcoholics and relationships can get ugly fast. First things first your stability and sanity are primary. 
Yeah that sucks. ..We'll be here if you decide to stop drinking again.  
Why just one bag if shit?  I'm sure reddit can help with this reddit and UPS.   1 ziplock bag x ?  We had over 500 do the survey...  Total pool of 15k.  ..Yeah better stop now.   
Yeah guys going after girls in early sobriety isn't all that happens. Sometimes the girls going after guys take them out...If you value your sobriety put it above your desire for a girlfriend. I completely understand the feeling of choking when failing to make a move on a girlfriend. They were some of the most humiliating feelings I have ever experienced. That's why I chose to put all of that aside for a while and just be sober first and foremost. I had lots to learn about myself and women before I attempted to date. Lots of shame lots of guilt lots of humiliation lots of obsession lots of poor self-esteem lots of craziness...It got better... once I put some sane sober and single time together..Much love dude.
