-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23cpox/relapsing/

Now that I have your attention I am not relapsing but I did hear what I thought to be a very interesting take on relapsing last night from a man with 30 years of sobriety.  I wanted to share it with the group.  Maybe someone will find it helpful I know I did...He said that in his experience in listening to easily over 10K people in recovery through the years he has come to the belief that a PHYSICAL relapse into drugs and alcohol rarely just "happens."  He believes that the physical act of drinking/using is always predated by what he calls a MENTAL and EMOTIONAL relapse.  Often these events can be days weeks and months before the actual act of taking the first drink occurs.  Even the people who say "A drink was just put in front of me and I couldn't help but drink it.  I wasn't even thinking..." usually upon deeper reflection find that they had been thinking and planning that "accident" for some time.  I found this to be extremely insightful and useful to my own recovery.  Hope it helps someone here.  ..Good luck to all especially this holiday (for many) weekend!  I know these forced family times used to be a very big trigger for me.
----------immediate responses--------

"The relapse happens well before you take that first drink."..I found this to be true with my last relapse. It was planned out in many ways. ..Thanks for sharing
I agree even those who accidentally take a drink. most of them spit it out and run to a meeting....  ..Recovery from Alcoholism is all about attitude.  if its "fuck it" then you are Fucked. 
This is why I stay close to the recovery community. It reminds me that everyday is of value as long as I don't drink.
I certainly believe it.  
This is completely true.  ..Relapsing takes thought and effort.  It doesn't feel like effort because it takes somewhere between 60-75 days to create a habit although people do drop the 21 days often.  But the 60-75 days is where it becomes harder to break...I drank for seven years.  Google tells me that's 2556 days.  I'm on day 50 of my sobriety.  My brain has been wired 38 times over to believe that drinking is a daily thing.  I'm .02 sober than I was drunk (if the equation starts at the first year of my binge drinking)...We are creatures of habit.  That's why getting to a meeting and expressing yourself is really important.  Religion isn't the issue it's changing your habitual schedule to something healthy and emotionally supportive and it takes a long time...Source: rehab..Congrats on 1290 days.  I hope to make it that far.
&gt;  He believes that the physical act of drinking/using is always predated by what he calls a MENTAL and EMOTIONAL relapse...That's really neat he mentions that.  When I was in Intensive Outpatient Treatment we studied the science of addiction.  ..Terri Gorski has done a bunch of research on relapses.  Here's 2 webpages that reference the different thinking patterns that lead up to relapse...http://hamrah.co/en/pages/11-stages-of-relapse/..http://www.tgorski.com/gorski_articles/understanding_relapse.htm
Addiction is a truly progressive disease.  It favors no one; everyone is at risk who is a addict at any point and time. That is why it is so important to have a spiritual/ physical/ mental program set in place to support sobriety. It is also very important to have a strong support system.  I have learned resentments and shame could lead me down the road to relapse fast. Finding out what my triggers and what stress factors are that attribute to my alcoholism has been imperative to my sobriety. "Some days it is One Day At A Time; others it is One Second At A Time."
My first relapse after I came into recovery I started saving money well in advance so I could get well and truly fucked up.  It wasn't easy to save as I was broke unemployed etc. but I managed it!  Ever resourceful alcoholic! I even continued to go to meetings while my plan was in action. What a tool!!!!!.  
