-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23hckr/need_some_motivation_support/

I have struggled with alcohol for quite some time and have recently found myself quite a bit further off the wagon than I should be. My alcohol intake has become nearly constant and I'm really worried about it. Today I had the shakes for the first time ever and all while having to complete a major chapter on my post graduate thesis. ..I'm freaking out because I have got to stop this drunken madness immediately and pull this immensely important paper off. I can't believe I've gotten this far behind. I am anxious to the point of total inability to take the steps that I know I have to. ..Edit: Thanks guys... I felt a lot better this morning after stepping away last night eating a nutritious meal getting some GoT knocked out of my queue before bed and waking up for a run. NO dranks today and a section outline completed has me buzzing. LOTS more to do tomorrow but I'm in bed n NOT DRUNK. woot. 
----------immediate responses--------

My advice would be to do whatever is in your power to return you to a position of a healthy state of mind so that you can focus on your work without having to worry about all of the things that could go wrong. It seems like at this point in your life you're realizing that alcohol has gone from making things better to making things worse but that it would be extremely difficult to just stop immediately. You can probably see that if the trend continues you'll only have more anxiety when deadlines approach and more time has slipped away from you all the while drinking didn't really make you feel any better in the long run. ..I was in the same situation when I first sobered up and what helped me really get through it was meeting enough people that had been in the exact same situation before that could offer me some advice and support me when I needed it. I found these people in a sober group at my university and I also found them in AA. I would definitely recommend telling someone close to you that will at least try and understand what you're going through. If you have a willingness to try something new in an effort to quit that you haven't tried before I'd recommend starting there and continuing until you find someone that works for you. Good luck!
Break the big task into several smaller easily doable steps then bang them out one by one...As for the drinking there's 12 steps that have already been figured out for you.
Perhaps you should go see a professional for a complete evaluation.  Constant alcohol intake and tremors are nothing to be messing with.  Inpatient detox at the least may be the way to go. 
Hello and welcome!..If you are having shakes it is alcohol withdrawal; you are addicted. Seeing a doctor for an evaluation is something to consider. Some will tell you to bear with and wait out withdrawal symptoms. .You can also try tapering. I was not successful with either. A wise counselor nudged me into medically assisted detox. A doctor can give you the best advice. ..Medication can make it safer more efficient and easier to stop drinking. I needed to drink 24/7 to keep from going into withdrawal; it was like trying to balance on the edge of a razor blade. If that's where you are talk to a physician. ..You are not alone. I was overwhelmed when I realized how deeply I was ensnared in alcohol's web. As I discovered how much support was available my anxiety lessened. I hope you find the help you need and deserve. ..
The really good news: today is Easter 2014 and you can totally resurrect all your hopes and dreams beginning TODAY.  Make a decision TODAY not to drink all day no matter what.  Go to a recovery meeting (I do AA meetings).  Tomorrow repeat. Keep sharing and this time next year you will celebrate a year of sobriety with us and I guarantee that your whole life will have changed for the better.  
