-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23jlvd/bah/

Not sure how to interpret this.  ..I had a half a glass of wine at an Easter party today.   After three-plus weeks of sobriety. ..I'm not calling this a relapse not even resetting my badge.  ..I didn't get drunk and I'm not drinking more.  But I do want more.  It's definitely a slippery slope.  I'm more aware of it than ever before. ..I'm disappointed.  But renewed in my conviction. 
----------immediate responses--------

What are you going to do when the opportunity presents itself again?
I guess the answer to the implicit question about how to think about your consumption of alcohol will play out over the next few days weeks and months.  If you stay sober this was just a bump in your sober path.  If you relapse then this was the start of your relapse.  Stay focused on staying sober tomorrow.  Stay sober and you'll gain some clarity.  
I totally understand how you feel. Before I made the decision to stop for good (just a few days ago) I was always stopping for a few days... Then having maybe one or two beers. Then dry for a few days... Then a glass of wine or two. Since I never got drunk I always felt like it was "okay" but then still felt disappointed in myself afterwards. Couldn't shake that feeling til I made the firm choice to just quit. 
Why did you take it?
It's what you call it that counts. Each instance added up to a pattern that I could no longer deny. That was simultaneously a revelation and a liberation.
Hmm. Ok you're not going to like this one but it needs to be said because I care about your sobriety. ..You're minimizing. "I had half a glass of wine" isn't owning up enough. You consumed alcohol. Who cares if it was a drop or ten glasses of wine. You made a decision to stop drinking and today you slipped. ...I think in order to fully reflect on the decision you made today you need to consider this a relapse. You started to drink again after a period of sobriety again it doesn't matter how much it was. Not calling this a relapse is very dangerous because now YOU are deciding what is acceptable drinking behavior when in OUR situation there is NO acceptable drinking behavior. ...Again in order to prevent yourself from a full blown "Well I stopped at half a glass so now I can drink a little without relapsing" relapse I think you do need to reset your badge. You drank alcohol. The badge represents how many days it's been since you haven't drank alcohol which will be one day tomorrow. ..You say that you are renewed in your conviction but as far as I can see there hasn't been any negative consequences for your actions. I mean you were able to drink wine not call it a relapse and not reset your badge. "Hell that sounds like a good deal to me!" said your subconscious brain. ...I hope you know that nothing I've written was written to hurt the part of you that wants sobriety I only want to offend the part of you that wants to think it's ok to drink. ...If this gets voted down I'm way off and you shouldn't reset your badge. If the vote is positive consider resetting your badge. .
