-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23kj2y/please_help_me/

I wish so badly that I was religious. I just spent the day with my boyfriend's religious family. We prayed. I stood there with my eyes open knowing it was futile. ..I want to know there is someone out there looking out for me. I've lost a very important person in my life and I really wish I could believe that one day I would see him again. If I could believe that one day I'd die and fly up to heaven and see my brother I would be so happy. But I can't. I want faith. I want to be able to go to AA and take in all the words and believe that there is some mystical higher power who gives a shit about my sobriety but I don't. And I won't. I never will. I've tried. I have no faith and there is nothing anyone says to convince me that there is a god despite how much I wish I could believe that...In a simpler life I might be a happy person who trusted in a god and trusted that it would all work out in the end. I'd die and there would be a new and beautiful eternity waiting for me. Unfortunately I just feel like I am waiting for death and then I'll be gone. I'm pointless...I just accepted a job offer. They think I'm amazing. I'm a fraud. They have no idea that I go a few days without drinking and then binge drink for three or four days straight. I'm intelligent. I exude confidence  but it's all a facade. I'm ashamed of it. Look at me. I'm this attractive and intelligent person. I don't have booze on my breath because I didn't drink last night but here I go. Give me a day and I'll drink the equivalent of what a normal person drinks in a month...in two days. ..I want to stop. I want to be normal. I look around and see all these shiny happy people. I don't understand how they deal with it. How can they just deal with anxiety grief sadness and life. I grew up in a good home. My parents are lovely. They love me deeply. They're struggling too. They are not alcoholics. Why am I? ..I have been to AA. I seethed with anger and frustration through each and every meeting. I can't do it. But I have to stop drinking. I have a huge heart and am about to go into a field where I can help a lot of people but I'm a fraud. They don't realize that when the thought crosses my mind to have a drink I'll have 13. I feel like I'm killing my brain. My memory is not what it was. I have been given everything and I feel like an ungrateful little brat...I don't know what else to say. I just hate this and I thought by now I'd be over this. I thought I could grow up and stop "partying." I'm a 30 year old woman and I spent all day of Easter Sunday worrying that my boyfriend's parents would smell the alcohol on my breath from last night. I sweated a lot. I thought they'd smell it coming from my pores. They love me. They have no idea what a fucking mess I am. I hate it.
----------immediate responses--------

It seems pretty clear that you have resentment toward your boyfriend's religion religion in general and the religious aspects of AA. I've been like this and still I find it surfacing from time to time. But you'll probably find yourself happier if you soften and be tolerant and maybe for a second just admit that you don't know. You don't have to be a born again zealot. But you do have to stop expecting other people to meet your standards. To be frank you sound bitter -- and it takes one to know one. The death of my father spun me out into similar positions. So take heart because it's all in your head. The only thing you really have to do in AA is show up not drink listen admit when you've harmed someone and take action to to make amends to those you've harmed. The rest is just language flying around in the air. AA's purpose is to get us to understand where we were selfish and to help us develop the habit of being more aware..That's it. You don't have to be baptised or born again. From a perspective you're intelligent enough to understand it's a psychological program -- the word God doesn't have to mean anything to you. It's a support group plain and simple -- for people like us: that is drunks.
I know here where I live you don't actually have to be religious to go to AA and there are plenty of atheists who go. AA will force you to jump outside your comfort zone once in awhile but it has promises that come true if you just stick to doing what it says...You probably are amazing when you're sober and that's what people see in you. It's why you got hired for your job. My suggestion is to not really be too critical about yourself but just understand that you have a serious disadvantage when it comes to alcohol. I think of mine as sort of like a sickness both physically and mentally when I drink. ..The solution that I finally came up with was to just surround myself with people who knew what I was going through and had already found some sort of solution themselves and to just look for similarities in my life. I've also found that "being religious" isn't some white light experience for me where I suddenly get it I had to work at it. Over time I started understanding things like patience tolerance and acceptance. Then I thought praying wasn't so bad. Eventually that gave way to where I was learning about all kind of spiritual aspects and how I could I apply them to my life. I like to think I'm a practical guy and so I think I try and explain things to people for practical reasons. I think there's a possibility you don't "wish you were religious" but that you could just actually have some of the advantages that you see your religious boyfriend and his family have. To that I say just work on it one day at a time. Being open to new ideas and being honest with yourself will go a lot farther for your own happiness than belonging to some church will...Good luck!
I had those fraud feelings much more when I was drinking than I do now.  One of many things I've lost in sobriety and don't miss at all.  By recognizing what my shortcomings actually are helped in this re-calibration of self-assessment...Resistance to change is normal.  We define ourselves "I drink" "I am an atheist" "I'm considered good at what I do but I am a fraud".  We then act to live out that definition.  ..The amazing thing I found is that while we have this inertia-maintaining force in us it's also possible to change abruptly.  When it comes to enacting this change one simply needs the desire to do so.  Gathering this desire is hard enough but on top of that the change to stop drinking alcohol comes with it some natural resistance that must also be overcome.  There is the physical crap of the withdrawals then longer term ups and downs of moods and finally long term thought processes.  Nonetheless one can get through them if one has the desire...Once you have the desire the rest is learning all the various tools and tricks to battle this inherit inertial.  Eat exercise or do anything else than drink when the compunction to drink comes over you.  Keep all alcohol out of your environment to the extent possible.  Realize that you can say "no" to alcohol being offered you and that no one cares - except possibly other alcoholics - that you aren't drinking.  If need be make changes in your life and those you choose to share it with you when they threaten your sobriety and well being.
We realize. We are just like you. We are here for you and many of us are Atheists. Welcome to recovery.
I'm also an atheist alcoholic lady one who's gotten sober via AA after resisting it for many years (during which I was a binge to blackout drinker).  My higher power is not mystical or supernatural it is the wisdom of a group of drunks (GOD get it?) and humanity in general.  ..Yeah I cringe a little when a speaker at a meeting goes on and on about God.  It happens.  But I take what I need and don't worry much about the parts that don't work for me.  When I say the Serenity Prayer I just leave the word "God" off at the beginning and it becomes a request to my fellow humans to help me have serenity courage and wisdom three things my alcoholic mind couldn't gain by itself for many years.
