-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23kxsi/you_guys_helped_me_take_the_plunge_an_update/

Okay I made it through three days now into Day Four. I have learned a lot I must say. So far it has not been as bad as I feared but it had its moments. This is how it went:..Day 1 Good Friday. ..Kept busy did a few things around the house. No chance to buy booze anyway because where I live people take Good Friday incredibly seriously so all the shops were closed. ..But what a long night. Did not sleep a wink and periodically would pour with sweat. Thought I had a fever. Woke up exhausted...Day 2 Easter Saturday. ..Took a benzo (which I sometimes take for work-related stress) and stayed in bed. Ever-loving SO kept me supplied with water flu medicine for the sniffles and sweats and endless supplies of snacks. Jeez you get hungry doing this. ..That night I tossed and turned until the small hours then slept a bit. Sweated occasionally but not as bad as the previous night. ..Day 3 Easter Sunday.  ..Okay this was an ordeal because it was Sunday lunch with the extended family. Took a benzo drove through had excellent lunch (sis in law is an incredible cook) lots of great conversation but the wine the beer the whiskey it was all flowing. I sat there stiff as a board hands shaking drinking iced tea unable to make small talk absolutely dying to grab a bottle of wine and chug it down by the neck...But I toughed it out. My bro asked me why I was not drinking so I said it gives me gastritis and the doctor said to give it up which is actually true but I am not ready to tell him the real reason yet. Yes I know I will have to at some point  but not at the Sunday lunch table...Made it home exhausted  went straight to bed and slept well this time no sweating...Day 4 Easter Monday. Slept late had lunch wrote this...The biggest lesson I have learned so far is that you can only give up alcohol for yourself.  The mistake I made in past was to try to stop for my SO because her parents were alcoholics  but I would relapse and then drink on the quiet figuring that at least I was keeping her happy. ..But now that I have to give up for myself for my career for my stomach for my liver for my sanity  only now is it working for the first time.  ..So here I am into Day Four  after drinking since 1976 when I was 15 years old thanks to the encouragement I got from you guys. You inspired me to take the plunge into sobriety. Honestly the encouragement you gave me after my first post brought tears to my eyes. ..Damn someone is chopping onions again.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats - and well done on day 4. I started Good Friday too and am quietly amazed at (a) how much I'm sleeping and (b) how much I'm eating - seems like you're experiencing that too. I guess it's the body healing itself. I'm still trying to work out what my strategy is for filling the hole that used to be drinking. What's yours or is it just one day at a time for now?
Nice!  ..Make me all sniffly and everything.  As I told someone else in another thread--dive in to recovery.  Makes all the difference.
Great to hear. There is so much more to life than drinking.
Great job! The day-to-day of it gets easier so stick with it. 
Great job!  For me I felt great days 4 - 7 and then I took a ride on the emotional roller coaster.  Happy/sad for no apparent reason.  Stay strong!  You can get through this one day at a time!
good..make the counter say day+1....forever..'for yourself' is a concept you hear...but don't really understand until it clicks.  ..I understand it...finally.  Sounds like you do too..
