-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23q2k7/reset_after_9_months_long/

I was hospitalized three times in three weeks because of drinking after being sober for 9 months. When I was in the hospital last night I wrote myself a letter. .Today was Jens and I's anniversary. I went to the hospital twice. Passed out three times. ..Is this what I want? Is this what I'm destined for? I need to deal with me and just me before any meaningful relationship can be a part of my life. I need to deal with me and my addictions before I can live a life I feel happy living. ..I need to be a part of my own recovery and it needs to come from me but I also need to start listening to those around me and the people who know what addiction is. I need to be focused not only on staying sober but on why I need to stay sober in the first place...There are things in my life that are undesirable but more than that there are things in my life that are wonderful. I have so much potential. I have so much life and vitality that can radiate from me when I care about my emotions. When I disconnect myself from my emotions I disconnect myself from me. I have so much to live for. I have so many wonderful things to offer the world and yet I've been actively cutting myself off from them. ..Do I feel undeserving of these things in my life? I do deserve them. I deserve all the wonderful things that life has to offer me. Health and vitality. Wealth and prosperity. Love and friendship. Family and a loving home for myself. I am capable so capable of everything that I want and everything that I can dream of. I need to start dreaming big dreams and know with certainty that they can come into realization. I need to love myself for who I am. Admire my courage my creativity my determination. I have a sparkle in my eyes when I am filled with my inner being and when life is flowing through me. ..I don't condemn myself for my addictions. I have in the past but now I congratulate myself for them because I was doing what I knew how to do to make me feel good and doing what I can to make me feel good is commendable. I just didn't realize that drugs and alcohol could never fill that gap of inadequacy or self hatred. The only thing that could ever fill that gap was embracing who I am what I am capable of and striving everyday towards the things in life that I want. ..When I turned to alcohol to fill the gap of not liking myself or what I was accomplishing it created a larger problem. A problem that got out of hand to the point where I was what other people and myself would call dysfunctional. A part of that also stemmed from being so disconnected from my dreams and my aspirations that I saw no other way. ..I saw myself as a child who hated his parents his home his friends and himself. I filled that gap with something that made me feel better and how can I blame myself for doing something that made me feel better? I can't. You're a good person Sebastian and you did what you knew at the time. ..Times have changed however and you need to fill the gap with the wonderful potential that so many others have seen in you except for yourself. But I'm learning a lot from these experiences. I realize the lower I fall the higher I'll soar. I might not have all the answers right now but I do know what hasn't been working for me. I know what has never really worked for me but I did my best at the time. I'm a lot wiser and I've seen a lot more things than when I was 15. Or 20 or 24...I see these events in the past few weeks as an amazing catapult for me. A catapult to start doing the things that I have been always capable of but cutting myself off from. And my capacities have been growing ever growing even in darkness. ..You will get through this Sebastian. You will get control of your life and every aspect of it. I have faith in you. You are stronger than you think and you are more capable than you think and you have more power over your life than you think. ..It's now time to stop being a victim of circumstance. It's time to grow up and take control of every aspect of your life. You can be a photographer. I can be a photographer. I can make my friends proud. I can make myself proud. I can look back on the movie of my life and show it to my kids with pride knowing that despite the pain and struggle I conquered. I overcame and I conquered. ..This is the time. This is the time to line up with my desires. It's the time to be who I've become. It's time to not look at the past with dismay and regret but with deep and profound gratitude knowing that it pushed me into a place I never even dreamed of. It's time to go beyond every self-induced limitation I've imposed upon myself and start becoming the person I've always wanted to be and the person my inner being has always been. ..I am grateful for my past. I am grateful for my addictions. They have made me a much stronger person because I've overcome them. Not without obstacles and not without failure but I have overcome them. ..Three days and the cellular addiction to these substances will be gone from my body. I will start to feel better. I will come out of it victorious and I will know that every single thing that I have lived that has shown me what I don't want has spawned an even greater desire for something that I do want and now is the time. Today is the day. I start right here right now. ..I'm going to make my main intention to feel good. That will be my main intention in everything I do. I cannot let other people distract me from my power and I will not let that happen. I have more opportunities now than ever before. I have more knowledge than ever before. I am able to do be or have anything I desire. It's time to start believing it and now I do. ..Much love Sebastian. You've always been capable of greatness and deep down you've always known it. Now you move forward. What happened happened but it cannot keep you from who you are. It has no bearing on the present at all. In the weeks that follow you may need reminding of that and if you do read these quotes and I promise you will feel better:..___.. Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on. .. Worry pretends to be necessary but serves no useful purpose .. The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but the thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking. Separate them from the situation which is always neutral. It is as it is. .. Whatever the present moment contains accept it as if you had chosen it. .. Life will give you whatever experience is most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness. How do you know this is the experience you need? Because this is the experience you are having at the moment. .. Remember we all stumble every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand. .. This too will pass. .. The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness. .. Volcanic ash will be experienced in all parts of your world as the volcanoes around your earth are simultaneously activated. Face masks and goggles will be of great value. .. You are joy looking for a way to express. It's not just that your purpose is joy it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager. That's who you are. .
----------immediate responses--------

I wrote a long letter through my last detox in the last 8 months (longest I have been sober in 20 years) i have have pulled it out once glad I had it. My last bender was just like every one before even as I wrote it I was laughing at myself thinking it would make a difference. Over the last 10 years I have been repeating a cycle of very brief spurts of sobriety that quickly escalated to being  hospitalized in rehab sober living house and kicked out before 90 days for drinking. ..Nothing was different except this time my mother who is a devout Mormon who never drank in life stayed with me and went to meetings with me. My parents had no idea what I was going through never sought an understanding. Seeing her sadness and helplessness while watching her daughter dying had a profound effect on me. We haven't lived in the same town in 20 years so I never saw this before. I am a mother too I was reminded of the most emotionally painful time in my life with regard to motherhood. My son was 2 &amp; a half and had to have a major back and spinal surgery the closest place for a specialist was 3 hours away there was a blizzard that morning and nobody that intended to be there with me couldn't get there. The worst moment in a parents life is to watch her child in pain and there is nothing you can do. I saw that look on my mothers face. My son couldn't help what happened leading to the most painful time of my life to think that I inflicted this pain was my turning point it was finally time for me to stop being a selfish shit head. 
Glad you're ok. Hope the actions you intend to take include treatment counseling and a support group. Actions truly do speak loudest.
Recovery happens when we do the right thing. It's about action. Welcome.
