-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23qnil/a_year_flies_by_faster_than_you_would_think/

I posted last week in crisis mode and I weathered it just fine.  There was never a chance that I would drink but it was interesting to see that my thought process was to numb the distress with booze and drugs.  Thank you for all the support everyone gave.  Putting my chin up talking it out and moving on was just fine.  The world keeps turning and life goes on.  Last week felt like a "When a regular person has a flat tire they call AAA.  When an alcoholic has a flat tire they call the suicide hotline." moment. ..Here I am after a year of sobriety.  I'm married now lost around 60 lb's in the best shape that I've been in years and things are going smoothly.  I never really posted here much but I appreciate all of the posts I read (the hundreds and hundreds of them)...I want to put in my two cents for the people that are near day one that I felt helped me make it a year.  ..1)  Play the tape forward.  Someone said that a long time ago in a thread (I'm sure it's an AA-ism but I didn't go that route) and it stuck with me.  The next time you want to pick up a drink play the tape forward.  You've had one drink and you know where it's heading next - one more twenty-more one mores - and then waking up filled with nausea and regret.  Just watch the tape through and what's going to happen after that first drink and you may just have a water instead...2) I am powerless over alcohol. I'm not an AA-er.  I don't personally find the idea of meeting face to face to discuss alcoholism to be a very satisfying idea.  And when I first started out here I kept reading "I have no power over alcohol" and that sounded like the biggest cop-out excuse I'd ever heard of.   Of course you have power over your drinking if you didn't you wouldn't be able to quit drinking in the first place and I took that as a point of pride.  "Poppycock I've been sober two months obviously I have power over my drinking."  It wasn't until a few months into my sobriety that I was reflecting on that saying and my take away is that it's actually very true.  People with power over their drinking can have one drink and then go on their merry way.  I personally can't do that.  If I have one drink I have no power over my drinking. I have one drink then I have another then another and I will drink until I pass out.  It's like a little demon that wakes up and says "That one made you feel good have another..." and down they.  Recognizing that fact - that I am powerless over my drinking - gave me closure on drinking.  It was like a light switch of comprehension...3)  There's a couple of quotes that stood out to me that I like to keep in mind - ..>First you take a drink then the drink takes a drink then the drink takes you ..F. Scott Fitzgerald..> One martini is just right. Two martinis are too many. Three martinis are never enough...M.F.K. Fisher..I don't think non-alcoholics can appreciate those quotes.  They might a little bit but not at the visceral level of losing control of your senses and willpower.  ..Any people new to this subreddit or just starting their sobriety journey I strongly recommend Roger Ebert's [My Name is Roger and I'm an Alcoholic](http://www.rogerebert.com/rogers-journal/my-name-is-roger-and-im-an-alcoholic).  I also found a lot of comfort in Craig Ferguson discussing his alcoholism [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZVWIELHQQY).  I always knew my drinking was abnormal but thanks to these  I started to understand why that was the case.  It changed my world view...All in all recognizing that there's just something inherent to me that says "If you have a drink you're going to get drunk" and realizing that I couldn't drink because that's how it would always turn out was a turning point for me.  I don't have any issues being around drinkers I had an open bar at my wedding I eat out at restaurants and my friends and family all drink.  I just can't drink personally.  And that's fine.  Because I can't.  And that's it.  After a year done I can honestly say that sobriety is a lot less scary than I expected and I hope everyone out there who's struggling is able to sort it out and get your alcoholism under control.  If there's any folks with questions or anything I would love to be able to help to the best of my abilities.  ..P.S. - There's a joke I read a year ago about a sober alcoholic talking to another regular guy and the regular guy is explaining that sometimes he'll go to the bar after work have a single beer watch the game then go home.  And the alcoholic thinks "Man if I could drink like that I would drink all the time."  If anyone has the original joke/thread please repost it I would love to see it in its entirety again.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations.  Never forget how you felt before you stopped and remember what you said about the First drink.  When you've been hit by a train it aint the caboose that kills you...Some of us go to AA because helping the next guy up keeps us from forgetting where we came from.
[Congratulations my friend keep it up. Thank you for the post and advice.](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131201013520/the-house-of-anubis/images/0/00/Youre_awesome_gif.gif)
That's awesome...&gt; "All in all recognizing that there's just something inherent to me that says "If you have a drink you're going to get drunk" and realizing that I couldn't drink because that's how it would always turn out was a turning point for me. I don't have any issues being around drinkers I had an open bar at my wedding I eat out at restaurants and my friends and family all drink. I just can't drink personally. And that's fine. Because I can't. And that's it."..That really resonates with me. I'm just starting so I have no idea what's gonna happen but just really going over all my shit the past few days this seems the most accurate for my situation. I just know that I cannot simply have a drink. I can go 10 times drinking in a row being fine because my girlfriend cuts me off for the night at the right times but on that 11th time I'm going to sneak in one too many drinks and black out. It is just going to happen and I can't live my life like that. As soon as I start drinking all I want to do is keep drinking. The only times I don't black out are times where the alcohol runs out or my girlfriend cuts me off for the night otherwise it's a wrap. The only way to guarantee not blacking out for me is just not putting the alcohol in my body...Thanks for the great post and here's to many more years of an enjoyable life for you and your family.
Thanks for sharing...Any elaboration about being around your families and still not drinking I'm getting a little worried in a few weeks time i'll be catching up with all my family(I live outer state) at my cousins weeding. They will be drinking excessively I'd like to think I'm fairly confident. Yet any help is great help and it has been playing on me for a while now. 
Thanks for the inspiration!
Congrats and thanks for the story to go along with your big milestone!
&gt;I am powerless over alcohol. I'm not an AA-er. I don't personally find the idea of meeting face to face to discuss alcoholism to be a very satisfying idea. And when I first started out here I kept reading "I have no power over alcohol" and that sounded like the biggest cop-out excuse I'd ever heard of. Of course you have power over your drinking if you didn't you wouldn't be able to quit drinking in the first place and I took that as a point of pride. "Poppycock I've been sober two months obviously I have power over my drinking." It wasn't until a few months into my sobriety that I was reflecting on that saying and my take away is that it's actually very true. People with power over their drinking can have one drink and then go on their merry way. I personally can't do that. If I have one drink I have no power over my drinking. I have one drink then I have another then another and I will drink until I pass out. It's like a little demon that wakes up and says "That one made you feel good have another..." and down they. Recognizing that fact - that I am powerless over my drinking - gave me closure on drinking. It was like a light switch of comprehension...What's interesting about this place is that I see people learning the lessons of AA except not as members of AA. The lessons are bigger than AA. AA after all stole all it's ideas from other places from other universal experiences of alcoholics. And this especially: ..&gt;If there's any folks with questions or anything I would love to be able to help to the best of my abilities...That's what the program is about. And that's what this forum is about. One alcoholic helping another. I find a lot of support in AA and working the steps as suggested but I also find strength in anyone who is willing to put in the work to live an examined life and seek into the sobriety that can come from living that examined life. ..Also I wish sometimes that I wasn't an alcoholic. That way I could drink all day every day.
Congratulations! And great post. Glad to read about your success and your thoughts for others. Cheers to another good year!
this is wonderful!  Congrats!
congrats
Congrats!
congrats yeah one day at a time the do add up.
Congratulations I'm so glad you weathered your storm!  Your DINO friends on /r/stopdrinking are PM'ng your cyber coin.  
Congrats and Thank you for the insight. This helps me a lot :)
A year - I can't even fathom - I won't even try. Well done and thanks for your post. I totally get what you're saying.
"If drinking still worked for me I'd be dead by now."
Thanks for the wonderful post.  It's inspirational and exemplifies why I come here daily to read and post.
Very very well done and I enjoyed your post and your personal reflections. Congratulations on the year!
