-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23tw2o/im_falling_so_hard_right_now/

I've been struggling through a cycle of one night relapse to two/three weeks of sobriety for a few months but it seems it has all come to an end. I'm slipping so hard I no longer know where any of my personal relationships stand. My brother(and room mate) is now a zombie because he just got released from a quick stint to the psyche ward and is drinking like a fish on his many prescriptions. I'm pretty sure because of my couple of flip flops of "I should never drink again" and my "I'm not sure how I feel about my relapse but nothing was broken and nothing was hurt(this time)" is making my current girlfriend feel but I'm sure it's somewhere between wtf and crazy. Which is totally understandable because right now I don't even know what side I'm batting on anymore. I'm falling down.
----------immediate responses--------

Well congrats on the two days! You should be careful though because you're trying to rationalize another relapse. ..&gt;"I'm not sure how I feel about my relapse but nothing was broken and nothing was hurt(this time)"..Your resolve was broken and your relationships are hurt...If you're unsure about where your personal relationships stand you can move one relationship into the "under control" column. Your relationship with alcohol has to end if you want to continue your other relationships...Alcohol is too needy and is super high maintenance. You need to break-up with that bitch.  ..Good luck. ...
I know the feels. It took me damn near a year to get to where I'm at now. Right before I turned a corner I'm pretty sure I hit my rock bottom. Failed 2 of 4 courses at university and my family straight up wouldn't offer support for me. That stung like a bitch but I know I needed to quit. I went to counseling which was offered at my school and that one person listening to me made all the difference. I'm not sure what support system you are using but asking for help and going to counseling sessions was part of a major break through for me...I never went to jail or got into trouble with the law. I didn't break things get into fights or do damage to people. I was kind of a happy drunk but while being a drunk the sober days sucked balls. I know you here it over and over but seriously once I got passed 90 days things started feeling better. Better than any drunk time I can remember. And I enjoyed the fuck out of getting shit faced on many occasions. I don't regret it but I'm determined to stay sober because the feeling of it is so much better. There's no way to know for sure until you experience it for yourself so I won't try to explain but I think it's worth it. Keep your head up.
Your situation sounds difficult. Bringing yourself to it sober will allow you to handle it at your best. More sobriety means better best! Keep reaching out.
