-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23u8ic/question_about_talking_to_people_about_your/

So lately I've loosened up a bit and told more people about my decision to quit drinking.  I don't give a lot of details but I just casually explain that I stopped in January and have no desire to do it again for the foreseeable future...It comes up often.  Because of the nature of my job and lifestyle as well as where I live.  And people have known me to be a drinker for many years so people always ask.  I don't always feel like sharing my life story with people so I usually just throw it out there like it was just some casual decision I made a few months ago.  ..Well I'm noticing myself starting to believe that.  I logged in tonight because I sat here at dinner (I'm away from home for a work function) and tried to convince myself it's okay to have a few drinks because I don't really have a big problem.  I even heard myself say in my head "It's not relapsing if you make the decision to have a glass of wine..."  ..Anyone else deal with this?  It makes me want to just stop discussing the drinking thing with people.  Period.  Like because I'm not making a big deal about it to people I'm actually starting to believe that it's not a big deal.  What the heck brain?..As always thanks for reading.  ..EDIT:  Thank you all for the support!  I was out of town and my computer died almost immediately after posting this.  I did get to read your comments on my phone but just haven't had the chance to reply until now.  Anyway thank you.  I'm happy to say I made it through the awkward work trip just fine.  96 days!  Woohoo!
----------immediate responses--------

I have divulged my drinking issues a time or two. Got awkward fast. Don't do this any longer. That's just my opinion of course and should do what feels right for you and according to your own needs...I usually just say "no thank you" and leave it at that. ..Another Redditor mentioned he just tells a half-truth that he can't drink because his liver can't take it. This might lead to more questions though...I find it easier if I focus on "wow I'm finally free from all that drinking crap and all its bad effects" and being grateful I am not going to wake up hung over in the morning...I appreciate you sharing your thoughts on stopping drinking. It is helpful to realize that others can make it 93 days like you have. ..Keep it up...
I tell people casually but that has nothing to do with a casual belief underlying my decision to quit drinking. If I started having reservations about my decision to quit drinking I would go straight to some of the people that I trusted in recovery told them the truth and would ask them straight up for some advice...I haven't had to do that very much in the past four years... keeping in regular contact with those people seems to keep the thoughts at bay...I know for a fact that my alcoholism left inside my brain without any support any private confiding with friends will eventually work to un-decide my decision to quit drinking. That's the nature of it for me. What you are describing sounds normal... if your brain can just get one drink in edgewise using any thought process the craving will be satisfied. ..It's not in what you're saying to these people; these casual people don't need to hear your whole schpeal. It's what you're saying to the people that you truly trust with your life that really matters. What are you saying to them?
I just think of myself as a non-drinker. If I embrace vegetarianism I'm not going to feel a need to explain myself to meat-eaters - why should alcohol be any different. I get a lot of knowing looks because I'm Irish and I don't drink but I no longer feel the need to justify myself. I've found that those who tend to be most bothered by my sober lifestyle are people struggling with drink problems. I'm very open about my life and I can look anyone in the eye. 
See [this](http://redd.it/23q5qz) thread for an interesting take on the question...As for myself I have been quite ill from drinking suffering from gastritis and although people don't know what caused it they know that I have been ill so I just say "yeah I am better now but my doctor says I must not drink alcohol tea or coffee". So that takes the pressure off to explain exactly why I don't drink and everyone nods wisely and I get the support I need......
I think it's because I'm comfortable and at peace with my non-drinker status that I don't have a problem at all telling people who pry further with the "why" question that I just used to drink too much and decided that it was healthier/better for me to stop. Although I don't outright say "I'm an alcoholic" alcoholism touches so many lives I'm sure lots of those people can totally understand my decision. I've never had anyone pry further than that...most just nod their heads and that's that. 
Interesting thoughts.  Personally I don't discuss my decision with any one who isn't family.
I was watching an episode of Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern where a Russian man was offering Andrew vodka. Andrew's response was that he's allergic. The Russian man was pretty persistent but Andrew stuck to his allergy excuse and deflected really well. I know he struggled with addiction and was homeless due to it in his past. I am pretty open about being a recovering alcoholic but i like the allergy excuse. I'm allergic to alcohol. When i drink it i break out in bad decisions all over. 
I don't mind talking about it casually and candidly because people need to know that these issues exist and the more we talk about it the more people know about it the more they can recognise patterns in themselves and loved ones and act before they end up with serious problems like I did...I'll happily talk about my battles with mental health for the same reason obviously only with people who are interested in listening of course. I'm not shouting it from the rooftops or anything. But I am who I am and I don't feel the need to be ashamed of it...I don't think talking about it casually has ever trivialised it in my mind. I have issues with still wanting to believe I can drink in moderation regardless of that (protip: I can't).
I'm pretty straightforward with people just tell them I felt I was drinking too much and it wasn't good for me.  And I quit and that is that.  So far nobody has pushed me to drink after that but if they did I may get a little rude with them.
Ehh this has never really come up for me. I have been to a few gatherings where people are drinking alcohol and I happily drank diet coke. Once a girl offered me a beer. I said no. No one questioned it. In fact another couple later on exclaimed that they didn't like to drink either! The guy offered that he might drink on a very special occasion but for the most part they do not drink. It was so nice!..The people closest to me in my life know what's up. They also knew that I had a drinking problem (duh! anyone around me knew I had a drinking problem) and know that I am in recovery. ..I think a simple "I don't drink anymore" should suffice.. and that way if your brain is listening to your response it will reinforce that notion that you just don't drink anymore!
IT'S A TRAP!  ..That's your alcoholic brain trying to trick you into getting what it wants.  Please don't listen to it...I'm glad you came here with this question and I hope I can help answer you. Here goes...As a noob to sobriety I have mentioned to my co-workers that I'm an alcoholic and have decided to stop drinking.  Most are dissociated with what that means because drinking is so ingrained in American culture...Some of my co-workers have mentioned that "they never would have thought that about me"  and I usually reply alcoholism is a ninja disease it's not a problem until your life is in shambles...Coming from a family history of alcoholism I recognized the symptoms and decided to stop.  And only after stopping did I fully realize how far I had slipped into the disease it scared and surprised me...So here is my perspective I hope it helps coming from a noob.  Your doing great keep it up! :-D
Nothing wrong everything is ok then SUDDENLY the thought crosses my mind that a drink would be nice....I stopped drinking twice before and I battled this very scenario for nine years total. I lost the battle both times I stopped drinking. ...This is the third time I've stopped drinking and as the result of some simple steps that I took this thought doesn't happen like it did before....When the thought comes I recoil from it like a hot flame HOT! OUCH! kind of like the first time I touched a hot burner....The difference is I never went back to the stove and put my hand back on the burner to prove that it wouldn't burn this next time.
It's a big deal in my life. Every morning I make the choice to live the day as my best possible self. (That's not drunk me)
I just say no thanks.  People really don't pay attention to what you're drinking.  I've never had anyone ask me why I don't drink.  
I just had a friend last night try to convince me I don't have a problem (sat while he drank beer and I drank tonic water at a bar). ..I've noticed people don't care but I do get kind of awkward looks from friends and bartenders when i'm out and don't order an alcoholic drink. It sort of sucks but I end up enjoying myself way more sober and no one seems to notice...I also notice how much less charming people are than I thought when I was drinking. Some people at bars become really annoying/emotional over the slightest thing. I definitely notice a lot more when people around me are drunk how just -out of it- they seem. 
This is the first time I've heard of telling someone you don't drink being a trigger for wanting a drink. However I'm not surprised in the least. This sounds like textbook alcoholic thinking to me. Basically the part of you that wants the drink will try *anything* to get you pick up the first one. (And once you've had the first you won't need any more convincing. We all know that too well.) ..I've had a lot of thoughts of similar illogic. "It wouldn't hurt to have one while on vacation." "It wouldn't count if it was an accident." (Seeing a man drinking from a paper bag on a street corner) "He can drink why can't you?" "You've been sober for X days/months/years now let's celebrate with a drink!"..One of the latest/newest for me has been especially devious: "You've been quit for so long you'd probably just go on one binge then give it up again!" (Yeah either that or die drunk.) ..Do you see what I did just there? I answered the voice back. For me it has been very helpful to personify my alcoholism. He is and always has been a grade-A bastard a world-class lying manipulator. He talks me into doing things I'm too smart to do then leaves me holding the bag when trouble hits. Screw that guy. He's not the boss of me and his arguments don't make any damn sense anyway. ..Now I'm not actually schizophrenic I know that voice in my head is part of me. But it is massively helpful to think of him as other and treat him like an unwelcome visitor. "Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out alcoholism!"..As for discussing it my strategy changes depending on the setting the person my mood. I find saying it clearly and unequivocally is helpful it shuts the door on people trying to talk you into "just one". But saying "I don't drink" is just one strategy for avoiding it too. More often than not it is just a matter of asking for a soft drink of my choice. ..You're probably doing the best thing by talking about it here though. Alcoholism is tricky and only those of us who have been though it really understand. ..Don't drink today.
