-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23wmq1/its_the_little_things_that_matter/

So I just went out to buy a pack of cigarettes from a corner store about 5 min away. I got some Dunhills and decided to go for a smoke-walk before going back home. It's 2 in the morning right now there was no one else on the street and I was worrying that I don't have enough time to finish studying tonight (I have an exam in seven hours). I was also very disappointed with my purchase because I prefer Kents and the Dunhills are way too light for my taste. Then suddenly the wind started blowing...It was beautiful...For about 30 seconds or so I just kept walking and enjoyed the nice April breeze on my face. It was a small fleeting moment of peace and quiet and in it I didn't worry about anything in the world. It was perfect...One year ago at this hour I would probably be drinking a bottle of wine so I could get myself to sleep. Back then I forgot such moments could exist. Back then if I would've seen a post about something like this I'd think "what a pretentious asshole"...For those here who are also struggling in early sobriety like I am don't let up. Sober life can be a bitch but it's worth fighting for. Stay strong.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks /u/captainfugu for that picturesque sober vignette.  ..Get this I had a speaking engagement downtown this morning.  I drove to work and after it was over I drove home changed out of my suit and road my bike back to work.  This evening with the wind at my bike I road home and experienced the same sort of sensation (without the Dunhills)--but the same sort of wonder at how incredible it all is and worth it to get and stay sober.  
Hello! Thanks for sharing.                                       .Times like this are what I call spiritual experiences. "Of the spirit"...                                .Being in touch like this wasn't possible when I was drinking.                                .Seemingly "little" they multiply meaning in our lives. 
I love this thanks for sharing.
