-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/240imm/relapse_and_the_road_home/

Hi everyone. Well the last five weeks have been just about the worst in my whole life. After watching my fianc  OD on morphine and believing him when he claimed his use of hard opiates was a one-time relapse on his part we decided to live apart to help our relationship recover and it did not go well. I have since discovered that he has been buying and using heroin since before Christmas and has managed to hide it from me lying through his teeth whenever I raised suspicions or discovered items in our home. He has only now admitted to his deceit after putting me through a five week nightmare of watching my whole world fall apart and expecting every day to find out that he has died. ..In those awful five weeks I began to drink again a few big nights and a tipple here and there. Immediately after the OD you saw me come here to post about my decision and although I didn't think I'd be doing it again and had my badge reset I guess I decided that I was entitled to give "moderation" another spin and I continued to go back. ..But today hungover and miserable I have decided to stop. I was on the balcony earlier and it occurred to me that this anxious sickly feeling was literally my body recovering from a poison I'd taken. I don't know what the future holds for me and my relationship but I'm about to start a new chapter by leaving the house and living on my own. I'm going to deal with this crisis without doing any more damage to the situation under the influence of alcohol. And I want to thank every one of you - especially those who replied so kindly and wisely to my original relapse post - for being here and inspiring me to make the right choice for myself...All my love and warmth to you wonderful people. I'm home again :)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. :)
I live by myself and it's not too bad. I have a whole boat load of friends in AA and at work so I'm never alone. I don't need a "special someone" in my life any more and it suits me fine. I've spent the last 4 years repairing the damage I did to my family and as a consequence I have some of them back in my life now too. ..First things first I had to get sober and I had to earn a whole load of trust back from the people I hurt the most - my nearest and dearest. I couldn't do that in the midst of a chaotic and sick relationship. Moving out was one of the hardest things I ever did but it was also the best thing I ever did...Good luck.
Welcome back and thanks for sharing I take a lot of value from it. ..Its very strange I am this hard cold bastid at base level. I am pretty cold to life's misery but when I am confronted by one of us and their pain I always wish I had this magic wand to just fix it all for them. ..Good luck I hope it all works out for you. .
Welcome back perhaps without the drama and distractions you can focus on healing yourself.
Welcome back /u/Lady_Longneck -- I felt that way about recovery: I'm home again--when I returned in August 2009.  I don't ever want to go back to where I was before that time.
Addiction seems to always isolate people from those they love. The more you love someone the harder it is to see them hurt themselves so it eventually just becomes easier to not see them. I think you're doing the right thing and I really hope the best for your future and that your fiance can get clean. I recently got out of a relationship and it was a huge push I needed to realize how much I let alcohol hurt me and my SO. Sometimes people need isolation to really have time to reflect. Heroin seems like a very hard drug but I hope your man will get through it. .Thanks for the post it was beautifully written. 
I'm getting ready to do this sober road alone too my friend and ya know what? I'm kind of excited to see what I can accomplish on my own with a completely different frame of mine than any other I've had in my adult life. You are more than your relationship to that other broken person! You are a beautiful human being who is filled with LIFE and love and laughter.  Embrace yourself and this opportunity...you can make it a amazing one. ..I'm glad you're back. Stick around this time! :-)
Looks like we started our journey together. I too had a relapse and while I wasn't under the stress you were facing - I also gave in. The biggest thing for me to accept is the fact..A) I will NEVER be able to drink in moderation like a 'Normal' person...B) Alcohol does not make ANYTHING better or easier...I look forward to seeing your progress through this sub and I think it's awesome that you have grabbed life by the horns and are being proactive vice reactive...Stay Strong and Stay Sober
