-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/243snf/almost_relapsed_last_night/

I was seriously upset about my life last night. Since I graduated college I have been barely getting by even though I graduated with honors. I really got desperate last night I started to think that I had nothing left but to start drinking again. I have virtually no friends or interpersonal relationships and I'm seriously taken advantaged of in my job. I know that my drinking is what got me here and it will only get worse if I get started with that again. I just try to remind myself that at least I can do something about my problems a lot of people with other illnesses are just fucked. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a valuable insight. We all have to build our own lives. You'll be in a very good position to make choices based on a familiarity with your true self. I salute you. Stay strong. You'll be fine.
If you haven't start working with a therapist. It is very helpful in gaining insight and perspective. I learned to be more assertive which led to less resentment. Being taken advantage of doesn't feel very good as you know. Learning to cope with it however is a necessary tool for living. This doesn't mean accepting it as ok by the way. Loneliness is always dispelled by going to a meeting. ..Congrats on making it through a tough night. You have gratitude and that's a good sign. 
No matter how bad things get alcohol can always make them worse...This sobriety thing does get easier.  As time passed I got to the point where I don't even think about drinking -- even on my hardest days...It sounds like you're having a rough go of it right now.  And I'm sure on some level you realize that drinking won't make it better.  Hell I'm sure you know that drinking won't even make you feel better.  It may give you a few hours of escape but it always makes you pay later...Alcohol gives you immediate gratification.  Unfortunately it's only a short-lived reward.  And it can cost you money relationships jail time or worse.  Knowing this it might help to try to think of more long term rewards you could achieve.  Sure they take more work and may take longer to get there but they're long lasting.  I'm talking about things like: finding a better job exercising finding new hobbies (which may involve exercising and could help in the friendships department)...Hang in there.
&gt;I started to think that I had nothing left but to start drinking again...And then you will *really* have nothing left.  Congratulations on making it through another day...&gt;I'm seriously taken advantaged of in my job. ..This is generational and macro-economic not personal.  The vast majority of people your age are in this position.  It is more acute in first-world countries than it has been in nearly a century because of the transition toward income-inequality birth-based status and eventually if it's not stopped hereditary aristocracy.  [You might want to get a hold of this book](http://www.amazon.com/Capital-Twenty-First-Century-Thomas-Piketty/dp/067443000X) if you're (like me) the type that enjoys socio-economic issues...I know let's not start a side topic about economics and global politics - I just wanted to encourage you to be less hard on yourself about your economic and employment situation.  You are caught up in a global flow cycle.  Being underemployed and unable to do much about it is no more a sign of your personal failure than being able to support a family a house and two cars on one income was a personal sign of superiority in the 1950s and 60s.
Barely getting by how?  What does graduating with honors have to do with you barely getting by?
"Everything got better in my life the moment I relapsed"  said no one ever.
&gt;...almost relapsed last night..But you didn't. That's the most important thing. :-)
Stand fast. I can tell you from personal experiences my relapses may start with a drink or two but at some point they always end up as binges. You are going to have to stop sometime. May as well be with the last 69 days under your belt. The alcohol will not help and it always leads to the same place.
Are you going to any AA meetings? They can provide some much-needed comic relief like the kind provided by coolcrosby below. I've found it helps a lot to hear these thoughts of self-doubt or conflict voiced by others like me. ..&gt; "Everything got better in my life the moment I relapsed" said no one ever.
Sometimes the hard lessons are the ones we have to learn. I've spent 12 years at a job that is a daily fucking grind but it pays the bills and has taught me a great work ethic. When I was drinking I'd rage on and on about how bad my generation has it now that I'm sober I'm too busy enjoying the good things in my life. ..There is always something positive to glean out of any situation. Except drinking absolutely nothing fucking admirable will happen with that...A good book that put work in its proper perspective was How to Tell When You Are Tired. 
