-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/245wh2/had_cravings_today_but_didnt_drink/

Weirdly enough I'm having cravings post 100 days that are worse than my first 90. Those first three months I was disgusted by the sight of booze and it seemed rather easy to abstain. But now just today was probably the closest I've came to relapsing. I was at a BBQ with friends from university who were drinking...All of my friends are drinkers and some can moderate but it doesn't help with my situation. I used booze to open up and become more talkative something that seems impossible to do without it. I know that drinking will take me back to that dark place I dread so much but god does it suck not to be able to socialize how I could while drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I used to look upon cravings like a type of brain fart. Mindfulness allowed me to see that they were just like clouds passing through my brain - they only became a problem when I latched onto them. Well done on allowing these cravings to just drift right through your brain unimpeded. ..One of the reasons for why I continued to struggle even after I gave up alcohol was that I continued to see myself as a drinker. This meant that when I was around people who still drank I would feel left out. I had to develop a new identity where I no longer saw not drinking as a negative in my life. ..
Crazy when that stuff pops up. Every blue moon I wake in a sweaty panic with a drunk dream awful way to start the day! Sounds like you did really well frustrating when you feel like this while deserving a pat on the back. Alcoholism is nothing if not confusing. I just discovered this forum this week makes me really wish social media existed when I first tried to get sober.
I made new friends among people interested in doing what I wanted to do--get sober stay sober and grow the f#ck up.  This was a good long term strategy for defeating cravings and building a new default network of people to do things with.
