-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/246c6k/knock_knock_can_i_come_back_inside_its_cold_and/

I fell off the wagon in February. Some of you may remember me but I wasn't very active and that's probably a contributing factor to my relapse. That ended a 28-month sober streak that I now realize I was a "dry drunk." My solution to alcoholism was avoidance which in a navy town working on a navy base equated to shutting out all coworkers neighbors and potential friends. I'd like to give it another try but I know that not drinking is only half the battle...What has worked for some of you? When you realize that getting sober means shutting out all of your old friends acquaintances and hangouts where do you find an alternative. I'm married with pets and my little family has gotten me through the last few days as I come to terms with my fuckup but I'd like to surround myself with a stronger network of like-minded people.
----------immediate responses--------

I avoided situations that pushed alcohol as the main event but after a while I had to admit that my problem was not all the other drinking people it was me. I'm unable to handle alcohol. I started young and used it as a crutch in social situations and that was one of the things I had to relearn as a sober person. Now a days I find most of my close friends in AA meetings. The social support and understanding has been a big assist in learning who and how I am sober.
Welcome back :)..I'm married with a toddler and a full-time job - while I'm still in early sobriety I'm working on taking care of myself and mending my relationship with myself and my husband/son. Since we are also moving 45 minutes away in two months (need to be closer to our jobs) I don't want to put down too many roots where I'm at...Are all of your old friends the type of drinkers that would constantly berate you for not drinking/tell you you didn't have a problem/etc?
Welcome back /u/StarSparrow. ..Stopping drinking + active recovery (which in my case involved AA meetings and following directions) worked for me.
Welcome back! If you happen to be in San Diego PM me that is where I first got sober and I know a lot of really awesome meetings and people there who are hugely supportive. ..Man we give alcohol a lot of power don't we? To think a liquid has the power to ruin our lives destroy our health obliterate our relationships. But the caveat being that without it we aren't welcome to have friendships or participate in the fun life has to offer us. Finding the root of that bullshit thinking was a must for my recovery. I had to know and believe that without it not only could I exist I could thrive and help others to do the same. ..For me I needed to rid my brain of all the old media telling the same lies. Now when someone hands me that tape I laugh give it back....my new system doesn't take tapes CDs VHS 8 track Betamax even thumb drives. My new model is sleek and won't play that same old song and dance. I could go to a junk yard and pull out an old. System but why? It's still oldcracked and no longer sounds recognizable to anything good...Welcome back to the safe shelter from the wolves we will try to remind you they are still there when you want to leave us again.
Alcoholism is a *big* problem.  ..I have had a number of relapses but I keep "coming back".  Also despite my relapses I am in a much better place.  I've gone from drinking *years* without a day of sobriety to going weeks and once months without a drink...It's a tough thing to win against alcoholism but progress can be made.  Join an AA group get involved and work the steps...Don't let a relapse get you down.  Make it a "remember when" and move forward!
What worked for me was AA. More correctly - most of the people I met in AA and through them seeing the good and bad examples getting the 'tricks of the trade' seeing others succeed and fail getting the occasional pat on the back or kick in the ass when needed - that's what worked for me..
try this motto: "Sober till bedtime."  When you feel the pull to drink say this to yourself as many times as you need to.  On days when you feel weak go to bed early.  ..Instruct your SO to not enable you by buying you alcohol at all.  If you want it you have to go get it.  But before you do I highly encourage you to come here first and talk to us about your day and why you are feeling weak.  Give us a chance to talk you into going to bed early and SOBER...Secondly:  Try playing the tape backwards in your mind of what happens when you drink.  Starting from getting up the next morning back to right before you take that first drink  It can help put things in perspective.
Well when saying "nice doggie" didn't work......I ended up in AA - a strong network of like minded people.
I am in the Navy and if I were to remove all of the drinkers I know I would lose all of them including my wife and family. ..I don't drink I used to and before that I didn't drink. I went 137 days without a drop. I did that while remaining close to my friends and my wife was able to drink at home I made it work. Then I thought moderation was a possibility it wasn't...So what am I going to do different?..For started I am going to go back to implementing controls. When I go out I will ALWAYS have a drink in my hand (Bottled water soda juice etc.) This keeps my hands occupied my mouth wet and people from asking if I need a drink...Next I am going to immediately say NO to the first person who asks if I want a drink. Like I said I'm surrounded by Sailors and Marines all of the time they are going to ask if I can get that initial NO out of the way the rest come out much easier...Finally I am going to remain active on this sub. This subreddit is the biggest key to my sobriety. I feel accomplished by helping others and I feel secure opening up. This is the only place where people 'get' me. My wife can drink half a glass of wine and dump it out me? I drink wine by the bottle...This community is a strong one and we are all like minded. You can also enjoy the community around you if you plan it right and make sure you know what to expect and how you'll react. You can't hide from it you have to face it. Whenever you're ready that's up to you. But when you're ready post here for some motivation as we will all be here to support...Stay Strong and Stay Sober
