-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2488ty/the_time_machine_effect/

I write this simply out of curiosity I don't even fully believe what I'm saying.  Check that I don't believe what I'm saying.  I don't think...The first time that I really ever consumed to the point where I was able to become intoxicated was at a good friend's house and I remember that it was March 20th 2004.  It was his birthday and we for the most part just hung out in the basement -- a few of us lads -- and played Halo watched movies and ordered food.  But his dad was a boozer and he had a fridge that was ever-stocked with Heineken so we indulged.  I consumed somewhere around 6 or 7 and became proper smashed.  From there well it's history...Ten years later and 93 days sober I feel myself sort of I don't know reverting(?) back to my pre-alcohol-dependent self.  I feel like reverting is a bad word for this but it's the only one I can think of.  That was 10 years ago and right now I feel -- as a 26 year-old -- very similar in some ways to how I did back then.  When I was 16 I was a very accomplished youth golfer.  I played in a lot of local and regional tournaments and I was oft a heavy competitor.  I listened to a lot of Dave Matthews Band back then almost incessantly.  I was a good student and I was always able to get things done in an orderly fashion without much procrastination-related angst.  I was very independent and I enjoyed my 'alone' time immensely...Between then and now I lost almost all interest in golf.  I have long-detested Dave Matthews Band.  I have struggled getting homework done in any capacity for years.  And I'd become very codependent in recent years...But I feel like I'm shedding that skin in many ways.  I've started practicing golf in earnest for the first time in over five years.  I've been listening to Dave Matthews like someone is paying me to do so.  I've been completing homework even during the pre-finals 'push' with relative ease.  I've come to enjoy my own company very much even preferring it to the company of others when they're just interested in getting drunk.  ..I was just wondering abstractly and longwindedly if anyone else has experienced anything similar?  Or am I just insane and trying to misattribute my current success to youthful pre-alcoholic bliss?..Thanks for reading anyway.  I hope you're all having a healthy happy start to your week!
----------immediate responses--------

I think what you're describing is probably common though I don't hear a lot about it here.  Some people say that you stop maturing in some ways when you start using alcohol as a solution to your problems.  A 30 year old who started drinking at 16 often has the emotional maturity level of a 16 year old...It's not a huge stretch to go from that to what you're describing.  I have had similar experiences.  Mine go a step further where I will vividly remember events that happened 15 years ago.  I remember people faces sounds feelings smells - everything. It is so vivid that it seems like it happened only yesterday.  It's an odd sensation.
I hope this doesn't come off sounding bitchy forgive me I am pushing 40 and 5 months pregnant right now...What you are "going through" I don't believe has anything to do with alcohol it sounds like growing up very typical "trials" of going from adolescence to adulthood. For most of us some obviously more than others alcohols played a role but it wasn't a main character more like an extra that in the credits had the role "man with earbuds" ....who happened to be singing Dave Matthews? 
At first I was like I really get what this guy is saying and then . . . Dave Matthews Band.  JK! ..It sounds to me like you're in an incredibly enviable place where you suddenly have this sense of the real and potential you.  Good for you hang onto this and steal a step on growing up.  Dave Matthews?
This is not precisely what you're describing but it may be related: ..There's a phenomenon in psychology called **[state-dependent memory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State-dependent_memory)**. In short you're better able to remember past events when you're in the same state you were in as they occurred. Several studies have shown that this is particularly true for alcohol and even more extreme for alcoholics. So when you are drunk you better remember things from when you have been drunk in the past; likewise when you are sober you better remember things from when you were sober...In one study in particular they had people study for a test either while drinking or not drinking then take the test either drunk or sober. IIRC the best performance was from the sober study / sober test condition but the second-best was from the drunk study / drunk test condition...Point being: If the last decade of your life consisted of a great deal of drunk memories and the prior 16 years consisted of entirely sober episodes it would make sense that you're tapping into memories of a sober life. That's kind of like... your "sober script". : D
You are just picking up where you left off.  The last 10 years are probably like a bad dream to you. Enjoy the ride.  It's a great life if you [begin to live it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ud-pdJh8S8&amp;feature=kp)  Good luck on your journey.
Perhaps you're growing up. ..^You're ^not ^insane. 
I'm 43 and enjoying life like haven't since I was 14 (started drinking at 15). I get it. :-)..Congratulations and welcome back to your life...it's good to have you home again. 
First of all congrats on 93 days! ..I completely understand where you're coming from. Since I started living sober I've re-discovered things that I used to love and devote time to pre-drinking... reading biking cooking the list goes on. And while I'm not sure it has to do with a time machine I do know that it is incredible to realize that there is a world outside of the bottle. Like every second is the most important one yet and every action has endless potential. ..Whether it be golfing or jamming out to DMB you're not wasting your precious seconds drinking and that in itself is truly incredible. 
I've spent a significant part of the past 122 days eating cookies and reading comic books.  If my math is correct I've reverted approximately 25 years.  It's all good.
I feel the same way. .This is the version of me I've missed. 
Chris Hardwick talks about rediscovering the interests he used to love before alchohol in this interview: http://blogs.westword.com/showandtell/2013/05/chris_hardwick.php..It's a good read. 
I get this. When I don't drink for a long time I feel emotions and thoughts that haven't felt for years. Another person described it as "thawing out". ..I feel it's just parts of my brain starting to work again after being chemically depressed from alcohol for years. 
Picking up where the real you left off...very plausible.
I have a slightly different interpretation of what you describe. ..I've been sober for the past couple of months after drinking on virtually a daily basis for 18 years. I feel so enlightened as though liquor was draining my ambition for all that time. Not so long ago I might start drinking at 10 am alternate between sitting in front of the tv and the computer and the next thing I know it's midnight and all that I've accomplished is putting away most of a fifth of booze. The same way that you've gotten back into golf music and studying I've been exercising reading books playing video games cleaning the house and doing anything I can find to make myself productive. ..You're experiencing a flashback in the sense that the cloud of booze that was hindering your ambition is gone so now you're wanting to make something of yourself.
I just turned 40.  I started drinking when I was around 19 years old.  I started drinking a LOT around 25.  And I was in full-tilt in my 30s...I have gotten many compliments over the past year about how I look like I'm in my early 30s.  Which turning 40 made me feel awesome...Additionally I'm constantly being compared physically to someone in their 20s.  I go for 10 mile runs 50 mile bike rides play 5 hours of tennis or take 3 hours of self-defense classes in a given day...So yeah... the Time Machine Effect has been awesome.
