-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2493b2/being_ashamed_of_drinking_prompts_relapse_not/

From a February 2013 Time Magazine article:.http://healthland.time.com/2013/02/07/being-ashamed-of-drinking-prompts-relapse-not-recovery/ ..I thought this was an interesting article that was worth sharing for anyone who is struggling with feelings of shame. I didn't begin to find a healthy balance in my life until I let go of a lot of shame that I was feeling about a number of things so this article really resonated with me. Enjoy!
----------immediate responses--------

I was JUST railing about this...like 5 minutes ago. The shame is n mero uno on why people relapse. Unfortunately AA is partially to blame having secrecy in the title of the organization guarding anonymity for your shameful habit of imbibing. ..It is in large part my age I think but I just don't give a shit who knows. I just chose to be sober I am not ashamed to be sober and if you want to think less of me because I don't want to turn into a flaming asshole....then fuck you!..This shame and stigma has got to stop!!
I realized I turned a corner when I started craving sober days. I mean.. I always liked sober days and was proud of them. But now I wake up and say to myself 'THANK GOD I'M SOBER' and I'm not even religious. ..Glass half empty vs. half full. Stopping something vs. starting something.
We all need to come to terms with our past behavior.  AA talks a lot about that. Only then can we truly recover.
I like this article too.  It isn't trying to say that we should ignore bad behavior but that we are harmed when we think we are bad or flawed as people...&gt;To help overcome shame those who are depressed and people with addictions are often taught to essentially  hate the sin not the sinner.  They are encouraged to take responsibility for their actions but to avoid seeing themselves as having a fundamentally bad character. Instead they're helped to interpret what happened as bad behavior that they can choose to avoid in the future and for which they can make amends...Drinking IS bad and doing it is a poor decision but it is a behavior and we can choose to do other things and to make up for our past poor decisions.  But there is nothing essentially wrong with us as people and it isn't a forever flaw that can't be overcome.  The flaw of course is deciding to drink.  That flaw CAN be overcome by always deciding not to drink. 
I agree with this and I thinking being open and honest - about drinking or any other struggle - not only helps ourselves but also others.  ..Several years ago Mr. Bristol and I went through IVF .... didn't tell anyone kept it super quiet.  It was incredibly stressful and happening while my father was dying.  First round didn't work.  We were devastated...Second round we were battle scarred by then and decided it was ridiculous to hide it.  I figured the more folks that knew the more that could pray or meditate or waive dead chickens over their heads in support of us...The second and third rounds worked!  Two awesome kids in 17 months.  Best of all - because I was open about it friends going through the same struggle themselves or that had friends dealing with it reached out to me for support fellowship and referrals.  It felt great to help others...So as my 9 year old says "Same same".  I'm willing to be open and honest with complete strangers about my drinking because why not?  It might help someone else and if not that's okay.
Thanks for this link and resource.  
[deleted]
