-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24e6a9/sobriety_is_more_than_how_many_days_ive_gone/

Avoiding alcohol gets easier with time.  The longer it's been the less intense the cravings.  However I'm slowly learning that recovery is more complicated than just waiting it out.  For me it is not just a shallow downhill walk from the difficulty of the first few weeks to getting progressively easier.  Recovery itself is not as predictable.  It takes time and progresses in fits and starts...My badge says 4 weeks but I want to count the 3 months of sobriety I achieved before my last relapse.  I made major strides in that time and relapsing did not obfuscate those improvements.  Yes it's taking me a while to get back on track.  I also think that "quitting drinking a second time" has been significantly harder.  I'm more anxious angry and worried that I will fail again.  I don't have as much of an idealized hope as I did before.  I thought that quitting drinking would *fix* me.  It didn't and it won't.  It was almost too easy to quit drinking the first time around.  ..Sobriety is just step one to grow as a person.  Sometimes this is difficult for me to think about because quitting drinking is the hardest thing I've ever done... having to also think about the project of making "me" better on top of not drinking isn't easy.  Patience. Yes.  So much patience.  I have to learn to love myself I have to learn who I am I have to build a new social life I have to eat healthier get live healthier and spend hours thinking about my feelings. I need a nap just thinking about it.  ..For my friends out there who have quit for months and relapsed I think that you should not despair (too much). Getting back on the wagon is hard but you haven't lost all the progress you made.  I didn't.  As long as you reset your badge literally or metaphorically don't forget to include your past successes in the back of your mind.  ..I've heard people say "When you start drinking again alcoholism picks up where it left off."  It's scary that when I started drinking again I quickly got back to drinking alone regularly.  I took many steps back towards my old lifestyle in just a few short weeks.  But there is a silver lining: When I decided to give sobriety another go I already had some of the tools in place to help me through it. I already could use the advice I was given and not only that I had erased any doubt of my alcoholism from my mind...The final thing I'll say is that I relapsed four months ago because it was *easy* to throw my hands up in the air and say "Fuck it.  I'm an alcoholic.  I want to get drunk and I don't care that it's bad for me."  Yes living that life is objectively difficult.  Poor sleep overweight hangovers no money bad marriage etc. etc.  However submission to addiction is also easy in a way.  I didn't have to live mindfully. I didn't have to try hard to be drunk.  I could just be a floating suffering pile of impulses.  But I couldn't do that to myself anymore.  I'm too good of a person; I have too much to offer this world; I have too much to live for.  This last month has been so damn hard.  Especially the last week.  I think it's been harder than any week I had while drinking.  I have lots of hard days in my future.  I'm pretty fucked up psychologically.  I have some scary inner demons.  But what else am I to do?  Never try to recover?  Of course I'll try.  That's an easy decision...I really want to get better even if getting better is a hard thing to do.  I think finally that it's getting a little easier today.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Avoiding alcohol gets easier with time. The longer it's been the less intense the cravings. However I'm slowly learning that recovery is more complicated than just waiting it out. For me it is not just a shallow downhill walk from the difficulty of the first few weeks to getting progressively easier. Recovery itself is not as predictable. It takes time and progresses in fits and starts...Wise words and insights.  I honestly believe that my recovery is in part about a momentum of small persistent sober daily actions.  ..The other thing is like you I genuinely had sober time--in my case 15 continuous years of sobriety.  I didn't completely forget what I learned in those 15 years.  These last 4 and half have give me back a lot of what I once knew but forgot and gave up when I too just wanted to wallow in my fuck-its and alcoholism.  But I'm in no way ashamed of my continuous sober time.  Our stories and our sober time are OUR stories.  As the Big Book reminds me on Page 124 "Cling to the thought that ... the dark past is the greatest possession [I] have--the key to life and happiness for others.  With it [I] can avert death and misery for them."
Congratulations...In my experience sobriety is not just a lack of intoxication. For me sobriety is a code word for something akin to emotional maturity. It is learning to live life on life's terms a day at a time to experience emotions and not have to numb them out to grasp and develop a manner of living that demands rigorous honesty. ..&gt;  "When you start drinking again alcoholism picks up where it left off." ..That is half right. It actually picks up **as if you had never left off.** Quit drinking for 20 years and your alcoholism will be where it would have been if you had been drinking that whole time. This is why we are always so glad to see people make it back into recovery after a relapse. We have a fatal progressive disease. I know too many people who died this way (relapse after 10+ years of abstinence). ..It sounds like you did the right thing. You looked honestly at your relapse and decided that what you did the first time was not enough so you added more to the mix. For the benefit of those struggling to get on or back on the wagon what are you doing different this time? 
*I could just be a floating suffering pile of impulses.*..This is exactly how I feel when I'm drinking. And I don't care. The 'fuck it' force is strong in this one. But like you said it's no way to live. You end up dying dreaming of the life you could have had and mad at yourself and the world for not doing anything to realize those dreams so you drink more. Fucking vicious cycle. ..And the badge reset is like you said more of a form of accountability. I've heard people say here that relapse is a part of the process and as someone who has flirted with sobriety for weeks at a time it's taken a few relapses and working through some of those demons sober and realizing how and why I relapse to fully understand WHY I'm an alcoholic. For me all these attempts at sobriety further drill into me that I am indeed an alcoholic. ..It is scary that once you decide to drink again because 'you can moderate' that it quickly turns back to your old habits. It's not true with everyone but it definitely is with me. I don't want to go out and have two social cocktails.... I want to get fucking wasted by myself and play video games or watch sad movies or write about all the wonderful things I want to do and see. I'll be too hungover the next morning to do them and will simultaneously drain my bank account and expand my waistline by ordering a pizza or chinese food and eating so much that I throw up and repeat the process until I don't puke anymore. ..Alcoholism quickly picks up where it left off but sobriety does not. I think that's the point of the badge reset... Not to erase your progresses from before but to remind you that you have to include working through all the stuff that brought you to relapse so you can understand your relationship with alcoholic with the world and with yourself better. ..I dunno that's how I see it. 
Welcome back! This is also my second full go around...&gt; I also think that "quitting drinking a second time" has been significantly harder...Fuck. Yes. I stated in an earlier comment it took me 5 years to reach drinking every day consistently. Then i quit for 2.5 months. Then i started again. First month: beer or two a week. Second month: Getting drunk 2-3 times a week. Third month: 4-5 days a week im going balls to the wall. Then this past week I started skipping work to get fucked up however a couple days ago I cut the cord before it went any further...Congratulations on hopping back on the wagon. We're happy to have you on board.
Excellent post thank you for the share. ..While it is a difficult concept to grasp  think you got it and clearly explained it as I know exactly what you're talking about. As far as what to do now that you've 'accepted it' I think that is unique to each person. For me I've decided to write a book. Why? I don't know it feels right so I'm going with it...Stay Strong and Stay Sober
This was beautiful. Thank you. 
Amazing post. Thank you!
As a very dear departed friend used to say "I came to AA for my drinking I stayed for my thinking"
Quality of sobriety is much more important than quantity. 
Thank you so much for this post!..&gt;Yes living that life is objectively difficult. Poor sleep overweight hangovers no money bad marriage etc. etc. However submission to addiction is also easy in a way. I didn't have to live mindfully. I didn't have to try hard to be drunk. I could just be a floating suffering pile of impulses...Oof thanks for that stark reminder! Don't want to do that again!...Your story sounds very similar to my story. I got to 2 months with only the help of this sub and I decided to drink. I got obliterated. You're right - I had erased any doubt of alcoholism. Once I really truly knew what I was there was no way to drink and deny...&gt;having to also think about the project of making "me" better on top of not drinking isn't easy. Patience. Yes. So much patience. I have to learn to love myself I have to learn who I am I have to build a new social life I have to eat healthier get live healthier and spend hours thinking about my feelings. I need a nap just thinking about it...For me AA helped immensely with this. It also gave me sober friends! It has made quitting this time around feel like I have made real progress in this aspect as well!! =)
