-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24e8k4/dealing_with_negative_impacts_from_sobriety/

So I have put quite a few months behind me in a world of sobriety.  Its not always been easy as I am sure everyone on this board is well aware....For the first 6 months I did not have a job which made some things more challenging but I am also realizing that I also did not have to deal with a lot of the negative impacts from coworkers....I work in an industry that drinks heavily.  It is very safe to say that there are quite a few alcoholics that I work with in denial.  I can see it a mile away being an alcoholic....Within the last few weeks I've been noticing that the drinkers are getting very petty with me.  My boss who is one of the drinkers is communicating directly over my head at the bar with some of these people.  Some people are becoming very passive aggressive saying how I am not as much fun as everyone else in my department.  I'm taking it pretty poorly because its already been a struggle on my own and now I have these external forces coming down on me....How do you guys handle these types of situations without letting it get you down?  Feelin pretty bummed about it all.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you work at a bar or restaurant?
I'm so sorry that you're dealing with this sort of crap in the workplace.  When I got sober in the early 1980s I was dealing with a law partner who was as scummy a sort of guy as you could envision.  As I became more honest and began balking at suggestions that I take this or that shortcut he told me that he didn't think our relationship would work out anymore.  I agreed.  ..While I was initially afraid to lose what seemed like the security of the job that I had--what I ended up going to quadrupled my income and my peace of mind.  While I remained sober these were economically terrific years for me.  Opportunities to realize my career potential developed and I can assure you that by not clinging to the past I discovered a new freedom and a new happiness.
I am a double winner. I am a member of both AA and Al-Anon. Working both programs I am able to live with both my alcoholism and the alcoholism of those around me. ..Give it a try?
I gotta be honest with you I had 8 months yesterday and when I do a look back over all of it especially what has happened in the last 8 months I really have no idea how I have made it this far. My mom and I were talking last night and she is in disbelief too we both figure I must only really thrive under enormous pressure. ..Realize that some of what you are going through is projection. I just put myself in the mindset of I am doing what I am supposed to do I am working my program I am going to meetings I am showing up to work on time and doing above and beyond my responsibility I am honest in my dealings with everyone I come into contact with....as long as I could go to bed at night with my side of the street being clean I just decided I wasn't going to give a shit about what I had no control over which is a lot so it's kind of a relief of responsibility. ..Give meditation a shot sounds like you could really benefit from having a quiet mind.
I got a new job. ..I worked at a restaurant/martini bar. This exact same thing happened. When I stopped going out for drinks they started getting petty. I was "too good" and didn't want to be part of the group. ..I rage quit. It wasn't the best of ideas but I couldn't work there anymore. It was affecting my sobriety. Is there possibly someplace that you can start over with? .
I've lost my title as the awesome party crazy fun guy. I go through waves where I want to go back to being that guy and others where I'm completely content letting the title go passing it on. The problem is nobody else is picking it up so when we all go out 'Military very close shop' nobody takes the lead so I've done it sober twice now. It isn't as fun we don't have as many stories but at the same time I NEED this sobriety. I'm too close to my goals to get any alcohol related incidents. So I basically weigh the options and it dials me back it...I don't let it get me down because I constantly remind myself WHY i am doing this. ..Stay Strong and Stay Sober
You can get this with other activities too.  I worked for a construction company and everyone was expected to buy a quad and go riding with the owners several times a year. The unspoken expectation. ..I passed on this and slowly was shunted into the jobs nobody wanted. Eventually I left the company but I was there for 15 years and saw how the system worked I just didn't want to be a part of it.
