-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24hz2y/90_days_could_be_any_day/

Wow - I've been sober 90 days? That's crazy nuts! I can't believe the number is already that high. I'm in awe that I have gotten this far...My dad always says on his birthday that he only feels one day older. In that spirit I must say I only feel one more day sober than I did yesterday. ..In the beginning my struggles mostly centered around breaking the habit of drinking when this happens that situation occurs etc. (which pretty much means almost any situation). At some point new habits were formed and it was no longer a difficult daily struggle...Now my struggles aren't necessarily centered around alcohol - they are "just" life struggles. My biggest easy-to-solve struggle is getting out and doing things. I tend to be a hermit if left to my own devices. It's amazing how often I have to relearn the same lesson: to feel better DO THINGS...I'm very happy to be 90 days sober. I love waking up NOT HUNGOVER and saving money... and feeling better about myself for making better choices. I cook more I read more... my house is cleaner my kids appreciate my presence... and I have planted things in my yard (huge for me lol). I can't wait to find out what's next!..Thanks to all of you for helping me do this - you have made ALL THE DIFFERENCE!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Fair play to you.  90 days is amazeballs  Keep it up!
I agree with /u/rogermelly1.  You've got some amazing balls there DD...Nice job!
Calls for [**a song and dance**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97RjuC9YeXg)
YaHOO! Thanks for the good news update.
I'm so happy for you double-D!  You are going to be such a great long timer on SD.
Great job! Ninety days seemed to be my Achilles when I finally broke it this year is was a huge victory! Congrats!
Congrats again!..&gt;It's amazing how often I have to relearn the same lesson: to feel better DO THINGS...Yep. :-)
&gt;....to feel better DO THINGS..Right? Something so simple but so essential. We are given this life to LIVE and by golly it's up to us to live it to its fullest. No one is going to do it for us if we decide to just sit around the house everyday. ..I'm really happy to see you at 90 days DD....you gave me my big smile for the day so thank you. :-)
SO AWESOME to see you at this milestone! Woot woot!..Can we celebrate tomorrow too? :)
Congratulations DD. I wonder how many of us have taken to gardening in our non-stupors. We need to start a private gardening support group in which we can track how long we've kept alive our most finicky plant!..Great job. It's so wonderful to hear well you are doing.
