-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24jcki/a_breakin_and_resisting_the_urge_at_150/

I keep notebooks--have done for years. I write down anything from interesting things I see to my take on current events to my own personal feelings. It helps me remember better than photographs. ..I've been seeing a girl for two months--a non-drinker (although not a teetotal)--and she got curious and read one while I was out. She's a clean slate I believe her when she said she didn't realise how personal the books were. Vanity and curiosity kept her reading I think--she was looking for some passage where I might write nice things about her. She didn't like what she found. I wrote at length how I was struggling to understand what my feelings for her were--under the umbrella of my new-found sobriety I guess. ..She was distraught at violating my privacy and upset at what she read. I was a mess--I like this person and for them to see my inner workings the part of yourself that you keep hidden from everyone else...i found it horrific. Like getting back to your house in the dark and finding out you've been burgled.  ..I was at 148 days or so--and I was a mess. The emotion was as confused as it was overwhelming. Was I the victim or the wrongdoer? Both? And I was tempted--tempted to just turn my mind off. Tempted to passive aggressively torture this person who cares about me by drinking. Came very close to posting on here and getting some messages of support. In the end I took a breath. "One day I may drink again--today is not that day". If I'd been drinking I would have broken it off with her for sure. In the end I went round and we talked and we patched it up. I'm pleased with the way things worked out...And I'm pleased I don't view alcohol as the solution to problems any more. I have posted previously--I'm still suffering chronic pain every day. But giving up alcohol is not a decision I'm ever going to regret...Hope everyone is happy today.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post /u/samceeh -- keep the focus on TODAY and you win.  It sounds like you're growing up pal.  All good.
Staying present sure has it's privileges. Leaps and bounds my friend. Congratulations.
Well done man. That was a true test and you aced it!
Whoa! ..&gt;In the end I took a breath. ..So refreshing to know that such a little action can have such a profound effect on one's decision making ability...Good on you!
it sucks that someone else reads your thoughts your diary. i hope she landed upon it by accident (like it was lying around or in reach) and she didn't snoop. that can be a red flag for trust issues...but it sounds like it was just one of those things and you handled it well. so good job!
&gt;I believe her when she said she didn't realise how personal the books were. ..This happened to me a long time ago.  I did the same as you - trusted the explanations and forgave.  But the relationship certainly did not improve and looking back the violation of my privacy was a *HUGE* red flag to abusive behavior.  Not respecting personal boundaries...YMMV of course.  Just sharing my own past issues with that behavior.
great. f%cking. stuff!  I mean really.  This is exactly what we are all here for.  To learn how to get through the ups and downs of life without the assistance (and destruction) of alcohol or other substances.  To feel things.  To deal with things.  To actually live.  If nobody has told you today I am legitimately proud of you.
Hi I am new to this forum.  Yours is the first post I've read.  I am not sober--controlling the amount as best I can.  I hope to get to where you are--I am very impressed.  I can see where the  "One day I may drink again--today is not that day" could be a powerful tool--thank you for sharing it.  You sound like a great person very giving and understanding.  I hope it works for you with your friend.  
Great post! 
One of the reasons I didn't date during the first year of my sobriety is because as they explained to me... ..* How could I love someone else if I don't love myself?  ..* Would it be fair to the other person to get involved with a recovering alcoholic who would be changing so much while working the steps?..* What did I know about healthy relationships anyway?  I knew how to take hostages to get what I wanted!  But what about knowing myself including what I was feeling so that I could be truly honest with that other person?..* Did I really need that emotional drama when I was so stunted emotionally during all the years I was drinking and drugging?  Especially since I needed to focus on sobering up and becoming a whole person...* What were my motives anyway for being in a relationship so fresh into stopping drinking?  Did I want external stimuli to feel better?  Was it about ego price trying to boost non-existent self-esteem and false self-confidence with validation from another person?..* What does it say about the other person if they'd get involved with someone clearly so sick with so much healing to do.  Is it a case of misery loves company?  Do I really need that in my life at this time? ..* And finally what happens when I've changed as the result of the steps and decided what that person is isn't for me?..Glad you got through that situation without drinking!  Hopefully you learned a few lessons from it too.  And you're right there's no situation that taking a drink won't make worse!
&gt;"One day I may drink again--today is not that day"...I'm having that ... I prefer that to "one day at a time" :)..Nice post 
Wow that is an incredible feat!  Thank you for sharing this and awesome job staying strong
You sound so well ... mature                    .and sober.
Good Lord! You handled a crisis with rational maturity? Instead of drinking and making things worse? My God man if you keep doing this sort of thing you're going to end up sober.
