-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24jhk1/first_wasted_dream/

Had read about it here and heard about it at meetings then last night had my first experience. Woke up sad feeling like crap that I relapsed again and got wasted. The dream was very similar to my fragmented blackouts and just floating in and out of consciousness. It took at least 10-15 minutes for me to take control of my asshole mind and remind myself that had gone to bed after watching TV last night. Was half laughing at how silly I had been to feel shitty on a dream but also half worried at how powerful dream had been on my emotions. 
----------immediate responses--------

Alarming isn't it! It is your subconscious popping up to say hi. I would wake sweating shaking looking for empties....sucked!
My thinking about drinking dreams changed over the last years.  I used to think that they didn't mean anything and that the phenomena was just random firing of neurons (which is actually pretty close to what is the consensus of sleep researchers)--but then I heard this [RadioLab episode.](http://www.radiolab.org/story/91536-dreams/)  So this Harvard researcher arrived at a hypothesis that in actuality part of dream activity is connected to problem solving and he set up this experiment involving Tetris players and his experiments seem to confirm this theory which leads me to extrapolate that in early sobriety and even for a long time afterwards our nervous system that part of our brains that dealt with our addiction to alcohol is pinging away even when we are asleep trying to solve the problem--how do I make u/mwana /u/SarahSiddonscooks and /u/coolcrosby drink alcohol again? Ping ping ping.  Voila` drinking dreams.
You are lucky to feel disappointed in yourself without having to actually disappoint. You get a reminder of how you DO NOT want to feel ever again. I welcome those feelings because they renew my commitment to sobriety.  
Yeah that's a great feeling when you realize it was just a dream and you are actually sober.  I used to have lots of dreams like that and in the dream I would have anxiety about having to stand up at a meeting as a newby again.  I haven't had one of those dreams for quite a while.  From my experience and what I have heard shared the dreams taper off and stop after a year or so of sobriety.  ..Ditto on the Radiolab show that was a great show.  Also on the latest Brain Science Podcast there is a fascinating interview about sleep and dreams with a brilliant neuroscientist.
