-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24lx6z/a_thank_you_to_this_community_and_hope_for_a_new/

Dear /r/stopdrinking..Like the FAQ says many people spend many months lurking while still drinking and I know that I was one of those people until tonight. ..I've come to realize that I have a serious problem with alcohol. I work in a high-stress field where substance abuse is common and the fact that people are professionals somehow makes it okay to go out and just get hammered night after night. ..I realized this evening that I had a serious stumble on my path to recovery. I was doing well got a counselor starting talking about my substance abuse and then threw it all out the window at happy hour tonight. I did some things that I'm not proud of (mostly to try to impress a co-worker I had a crush on) and the shame has kept me up for several hours. I'm tired of not remembering how I got home. I'm tired of feeling scared wondering what the hell it was I did when I was blacked out. I take total responsibility for my actions and I already know I need to change. ..And here upon waking up at 3 in the morning I turned to this subreddit as well as the recovery resources I've found and I found comfort in knowing that other people have screwed up really badly on their way to sobriety and that doesn't mean that sobriety was foreclosed from them forever. I feel like hell right now but I also am committed to starting again. ..I really appreciate the honesty of the people who post on this subreddit as well as the accountability of the members. This post is for me a declaration that I simply can't do it on my own and I look forward to visiting an AA meeting next week. The first time I even thought about getting sober I found a meeting for people in my field where I won't run into clients and I really am looking forward to going and getting the support there. ..So I just want to express my gratitude for being a resource in the dark of 3 a.m. when it feels like you don't have anything left. I know I'm not alone and that lots of people struggle with quitting alcohol. And simply knowing I'm not alone means so very much. .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome from a fellow lurker. The shame was always the worst part for me - and I'm sure for plenty of other people too lurkers or otherwise - so you are most definitely not alone. The bit where you realise you do have a problem is important so take what you can from this experience and try and move forward. Meetings help - as actually does having a full suite of non-drinking activities to fall back on. I've forgotten who posted the comment this week that went something like - "we can't think ourselves into acting differently we can only act ourselves into thinking differently" - but that's a good one and it's spot on. Good luck with your journey!
We're all gonna make it man.  One day at a time.  Tomorrow we will not drink.  The next day we won't either.  We'll go from there. Hope you feel better in the morning. 
Welcome and the strange thing is that your new path will end up being easier than the one you are on now.  Less stress on the job because you are not dealing with hungover induced mistakes or omissions.  Life will get better...The interim will be work but it can be done.  glad you are trying aa  it worked for me despite my doubts and other resistances.
Welcome /u/pinkshirtredpants to /r/stopdrinking.  It sounds like you have been reading the posts so I won't repeat my standard rap about stopping drinking but I want to welcome you and encourage you to ask for advice if you need it as you go along.
&gt;and the fact that people are professionals somehow makes it okay to go out and just get hammered..ANYTHING can be used to rationalize drinking habits. I worked in a sales job that involved answering phones back to back 40 hours a week plus mandatory OT. You're damn right I used that as an excuse to get drunk every night. And every morning I woke up with a horrible hangover ready to feel like crap for the next shift...Stop rationalizing your drinking...Welcome and good luck. .. .
