-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24o8a2/after_three_years_of_heavy_drinking_and_a_month/

Hey everybody! This is my first post here and I know you guys read a lot of these but even if no one reads this it helps getting it out there..As soon as I got to college I started drinking pretty heavily but it was mostly at parties and whenever I would have friends over so I never really saw it as a problem. Then I turned 21 and watched as my bank account and my health started rapidly diminishing for about a year. About a month ago I hit a rock bottom point with my drinking (a story for another time) and started seeing a counselor to help me make a change. It was extremely difficult and continues to be since my habit has changed from anywhere from 7-12 drinks a day to no alcohol at all but tomorrow is day 30 of sobriety! Anyway yesterday I decided that I would go to the end-of-the-semester studio party and not drink at all. Even with the multitude of triggers there and drunk college students telling me it's okay to indulge sometimes I kept my resolve! It was nice being able to take care of some of my friends when they needed it and not have to worry if I was too drunk or not to drive home..I've been reading some of the stories on this sub and I just want you guys to know how much of an inspiration you all are. Even though I haven't had to struggle with this as much as a lot of you have yesterday was a huge personal success for me and I wanted to share. If I can do it you can do it too!
----------immediate responses--------

What a great intro! I read it but you are right even if no one does it is a very valuable catharsis...Good job at the party it probably wasn't as hard as you anticipated it would be was it? Earlier I was commenting on someone's issues with being talked into drinking after 3 years of sobriety. If someone encourages you to "live a little" and that imbibing would be fine have your script memorized. Mine goes something like this: ask them if they are an alcoholic or has a problem with alcohol if the answer is no and it will be since no one that suffers through this would encourage this on an unwilling participant. Then I say if you haven't experienced this first hand you aren't qualified to have an opinion on the subject...What are you doing other than abstaining? A plan or program for yourself increases the chances of success. There are no brownie points or trophy given for those that do it alone. Support also increases the chances of success...You will find in this group help insight encouragement triumphs and tribulations a few laughs plenty of tears the people here are wicked smart and willing to help. I cannot think of a time when I have had as much respect for people in the short time I have been here...Congrats on 30 days that is huge! Now let's work together to keep stacking  up more days more weeks more months and more years! 
Awesome job! I did that last night too. I prayed before hand for my higher power to help me rekeber that I was there to make others happy. It was my friends party after all.  ..And for me it turned out great. I ran into a few people who seemed curious about my current way of life. ..Never hesitate to put yourself in a situation where you could benefit another :)..I'm proud of you OP. Of both of us. You had a good party and I bet it made a lot of people there happy to have you there and not acting a drunk fool. . 
Welcome /u/rFrankC3 to /r/stopdrinking--good for you.  I will say that the standard advice based on LOTS of personal experiences is Dry People and Dry Places in early sobriety.  
Welcome!
