-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24pf0e/i_need_to_stop_i_can_i_will_just_after_this/

Hey /r/stopdrinking. Late twenties dude with an alcohol problem here. Rather I don't have a drinking problem so much as I have a problem being sober...tl:dr; I tell myself I want to stop. I might have for a day or two past 2 years. There's always a reason to drink especially when I don't need to...Now I don't hide it from myself. I don't drink because of work. I drink because it feels like a fuzzy blanket all over my bad angry bones. I'm on a vacation in a glass. I don't stop...---..It's easy for me to pour a drink and enjoy it. This first sip of my session lights my senses on fire with passion and there I AM in the NOW. It's empowering because damn the anger fuck the rage I might have felt the day before or 5 minutes before I'm having a great time here. Pour me another friend. Next round is on me. Jokes spill out of our mouths like ice tumbling into glasses...Blurred action. Making messes in bathrooms. Mastering drunken conversation with strangers. Running through parking lots. Crashing my bicycle until my face scrapes the pavement. Driving friends to undecided destinations. Drunk hookups. ..Waking up on bathroom floors or strange couches with pets licking my face. Waking up realizing I drove myself home in that state. Waking up feeling fine standing up to the drunk morning that is my life and struggling through the afternoon where the hangover awaits. Waking up angry at having to be woken up to do normal stuff like showering and sunshine and talking to people. ..Being pulled over and let go by some strange twist of fate. Beating the Drunk Paddy Wagons by 10 seconds in another country. Having the cops called on me by my own mother because she thinks I'm on drugs. ..I am. I've been drinking all night and I'd be fine if YOU didn't have to make me late. I have my routine and you're not in it on time...Work week? Beer bourbon or wine before a shift. It makes me easier to smile talk and not be anxious or angry. Just one. Okay maybe two. Third we're cookin'! Gotta use some mouthwash...Let's grab a drink after work. 
----------immediate responses--------

the fact you are driving drunks alarms me. ..please PM me or come on IRC to talk in real time with some people who can help. you are in crisis and i am afraid for you and others.
So you came here. What do you want to do now today?
We can provide helpful advice based on our own experience if you want to try posting on a day where you haven't already started drinking.
Wow...reading  your story I see myself in your struggles. I've been sober nearly a year and it has been one of the most difficult things I have ever done. If you need a little advice PM me and we can chat. Although sobriety is tough it has been the best thing I have ever done...stand strong!
There's help if you want it. Please post when you're sober. We'll be here. 
