-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24x28c/checking_in_and_why/

Coming to the end of a long stressful period at work.  I work in cycles: three times a year (for 2 months) my job is stressful three times a year (for 2 months) my job is extremely stressful.  My wife compares it to going out to sea the hours are long she rarely sees me and when she does I am sleeping; she always just hopes I'm not swept overboard.  The fact that I have not had a relapse this time around can only be attributed to a meaningful shift in my personality...Mostly I wanted to check in but I also thought I'd share a quick story.  Sunday evening on my way home from work tired grumpy and ready for the week to be over with I came to the entrance to our alley off-of-which our garage is accessible.  A car was coming the opposite direction blocking my access.  This set off a mild temper tantrum in my mind.  In my head I was screaming "WHY ME!" proof that I am still capable of alcoholic thinking...Out of 7.046 billion people I had to be the one on that street making that turn waiting those few extra seconds.  Good luck to all of us.
----------immediate responses--------

Ha.....I know this feeling all too well.  ..Congrats to you on fighting through all of this stress!  Keep it up.
Hey shineytiger! Glad you checked in! It's great to see you!..Same here! In about a week I'll be coming up for air after final exams - mountains of grading and all sorts of end of year stress. It'll feel good and this will be my first college semester - before as a student and now on the other side of that desk - that haven't had a drop of to drink. It's amazing isn't it. Before I couldn't even fathom getting through the worst of it without a drink. Now the stress doesn't seem *as stressful* to me as it was before. Hmmm...Welcome back! Don't fall overboard!! You'd be missed! 
Nice check in /u/shinytigerpowpow -- by the way almost all of us are still capable of that "alcoholic thinking."--I just don't drink today.  
Love your POV and attitude. Thanks for checking in. 
