-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24xfgz/i_relapsed_tonightand_this_is_what_flowed_out_of/

Ok. what happened. You broke. So quickly. So easily. So fucking pussy-ly you cried you felt there was no way out. You felt like you dug a hole so deep you couldn't get out. Well guess what you punk bitch mother fucking pussy you ran to get a drink. Yeah that drink helped you forget your struggles and calm down. But did that drink help you move forward in any-way shape or form in a positive direction? Or did it just numb you for another 12hours? Guess what...time moves brother? It's up before you..it's waiting for you to wake up just to slap you in the face and say  punk bitch!  you thought you could elude me? Hahaha you've been doing it for the past 14yrs... I actually feel bad now. You're so broken I can break you at the smallest little thought of stress or life problems. You think you're tough? You think you could easily get a degree be a leader but you've just been held down by booze... You're wrong. You're weak. You are the weakest link. No one cares about you. YOU are the only person who can care about you. You are the only person who can turn your life around...you're the only person who can define what you need/want to be. Fuck social norms. You're you whatever you are. You need to find an existence on this planet that you enjoy whatever it is. The only drug you haven't tried and you're scared of is sobriety. You can't handle thoughts. You can't handle the reality of situations talking to people laughing being a part of something. You're so self centered that you think it's all about you. You need to be happy. Yes you...but you go about your own happiness in a self destructive way. You go about it in a machine like chemical dependency state. It's not your soul that tells you what to do you rely only on what your synapses tell you what to do you let chemicals control your thoughts and actions. You're no better than really anything. You're a machine. The ultimate machine controlled by one substance. How weak does that make you feel? Weak yes but yet you cant do anything about it? Is alcohol a parasite? A mind controlling substance? Because you clearly don't do the things you want to do. You dream and come up with so many good ideas;  yet you fuck yourself all the time everyday. When you do sober up you're so nervous and unsure about life you flinch at a random crack in the floor. You've been drinking for so long you don't know how to handle life. You're 30 with the mental capacity of a child. You know this. You tell yourself you're smart...but look at the track record....................................so where do we go from here. Suicide or hope? Let's weigh the pros and cons. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Let's get back to basics /u/n00bsysadmin -- we've all been there but we got to HERE by 1. stopping drinking TODAY; and 2. recovery.  ..Good job on accountability.  Get up this morning and make a decision to stay sober TODAY.
Alcoholics drink because we're addicted to the response in our brain. It's not a question of character it's not an exercise in morality. You simply have to stop drinking one day at a time consistently and your inherent strengths will resurface. You will be able to recognize and appreciate your real character. Welcome to recovery! 
