-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24y5t9/binge_drinker/

So I'm the guy that can go 2-3 weeks and drink nothing but the urge hits and I go through 2-3 fifths at a time. I was in a 10 year relationship (only 25) and lost my girlfriend because of the drink she moved to Japan because she loves to travel. I'm struggling bad I've found a new girlfriend who is amazing but I've struggled to let go of the past relationship. I've been drinking since I turned 21 and I know I'm slowly killing myself but I just feel hopeless. I've been reading this sub for about a month now and finally decided to post. I'm not looking for sympathy because plenty of people on here have beat this and I want to be next...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/Bigblue622 to /r/stopdrinking -- This is what I did and what I still do to stop drinking get sober and stay sober--if any of it is helpful feel free to use or not:..1. Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate decision that I wont drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man who became my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). ..3. Tomorrow I repeat...It was essential that I focus only on the next 24 hours. Binge drinking is a common drinking pattern among alcoholics.  Since alcoholism is a progressive disease many of us simple "progressed" to drinking daily but that is NOT recommended or requisite to recovery...Keep posting as you go along and let us know how you're doing.
Good for you acknowledging you have a problem and wanting to fix it. Much like you i watched the subreddit for a while before posting. When those urges hit it helps to have a plan before hand. When I want to drink I will work on art run call a friend you can trust to talk about it. Think of this before that next urge. Last night was hard for me a few days sober how ever i managed through it by doing some art and reading this subreddit .Congrats to you! Today im not going to drink
I'm not sure what to say except that clinging onto past hurts is something many people who drink to excess do very well. My drinking really took off after a huge heartbreak in my life and while that experience really was devastating to me it eventually became an excuse to waste fifteen years of my life. I would hate to see something like that happen to you...There's no magic involved in stopping drinking. It involves not putting a drink to your lips. That's it. The tough part is what goes on between your ears and for that you can always come by here and use us as a sounding board. I guarantee everything you think the things you feel the things you worry about the things you fear.... someone here has been through the exact same thing and gotten past it...Good luck. Post liberally and often.
A fifth is a huge amount of liquor. Even if it's on a rare occasion going through 2-3 of them in a binge is potentially lethal...My fear is that you will escalate to doing that on a more frequent basis. Although I have a history of binging my habits are quite a bit different from yours so I don't have specific advice on how to quit. I would strongly advise speaking with a doctor and potentially participating in a support group like AA. Treat drinking as though you've been diagnosed with an illness which is either terminal or 100% curable depending on how aggressively you deal with it.
