-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/251m74/longtime_lurker_here_checking_in_on_my_90day_mark/

Without devoting too much time to my back story I was a daily drinker for 10 years and I got as close to "rock-bottom" as I'd like to get a few months ago so I have been sober since February 7. It's been challenging but the last 90 days have been the best and brightest period of my marriage and perhaps of my entire adult life.     .     .Going into sobriety I was very concerned about losing my friends. We are/were a close-knit group of beer-pounding whiskey-guzzling drunks. 3-4 nights a week we would get together and black out while our perpetually-disappointed wives kept watch over our children in the next room.      .     .It was a big shock to all of them when I "came out" with my sobriety - my wife observed that I was routinely the drunkest of them all; so the notion of me *not* drinking struck my friends as completely absurd. As time went on though I didn't really see them any less. We would still have our regular hangouts but I would drink Coke Zero and ginger ale while they continued with beer and whiskey.     .     .Anyway this morning I was having a text conversation with one of my friends during which it came up that today was my 90-day mark. What he said next completely surprised me: "Damn man that's awesome. Today is day 3 for me - trying to tone it down a little. Thanks for the motivation."     .     .I realized that my anxiety about my friendships dissolving when I got sober was completely unfounded. If your relationships have substance they don't need substances. And while I was struggling to find the motivation within myself to stave off temptation I had been motivating one of my friends all along.      .     .This is something I will look back on in the future and I thought it might be able to help someone here too. Being sober can feel lonely sometimes and the slope can seem very steep - but you never know who's there with you or who might be watching. Someone else might climb the mountain if they see you at the top.     .     .Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

So awesome! I bet you are on cloud nine right now...I know I would be. 90 days was my Achilles 10 years to get beyond it after 90 for me things got much easier by enlarge because I was able to exhale and put my white knuckles away. Now I stay vigilant that I do not become complacent. Congrats to you well done! So far :) it gets better.
Welcome /u/LetTheHookerRide and major congrats on the 90 days sober.  Great insights based on ACTION.  
Congrats on 90 days!  Very inspiring message and something for all of us to keep in mind.
Thanks guys! And thanks for the gold!! ~~I suspect /u/coolcrosby based on timing :)~~
What was your 'as close as you'd like to be' to rock bottom?  ...If you don't mind sharing.  ..Mine was getting wasted at 8am and driving 40 miles to see a friend stumbling in his front door and having him yell at me that I could have killed someone or myself or worse.
&gt;if your relationships have substance they don't need substances..Great thing to read. Since I drank most of my adult life--I'm learning this lesson over and over again--the hard way. It was easy to "make friends" when I was drinking but I always found out how shallow they all were eventually. You are lucky to have built some great friendships even while drinking. I'm happy for you that they have remained with you. 
We lead by example!  I have had inquiries from friends but no one has committed just yet!
Do you ever think that because you gave up drinking for this long that even if you decided to go back to it that you really couldn't because you stopping for this time has signaled to everyone that you recognize there is a problem? And the days of just carefree drinking are over for good whether you stick with this current period of sobriety or not?
Well done. Thanks for the post!
