-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2568jh/wondering_if_anyone_can_relate_questions_i_also/

Im only 22 and had been drinking heavily since i was 17. Binge drinking mostly 3-4 times a week getting really smashed. I c/t'd about 19 days ago with one relapse experimenting in "moderate drinking" 6 days ago. That didnt work out to well. Along with the c/t booze i also c/t ambien which i was taking nightly for 2 months if i wasnt drinking for sleep (also was getting high off of it). I didnt know at the time that it could be dangerous because of seizures i guess im lucky i made it out of that part. Any how the first 4 days or so i didnt sleep extreme anxiety fits of depression etc. After the alcohol relapse i had another bad anxiety episode but i have been sleeping pretty decent with the help of some natural sleep aides. ..So current symptoms after the last 6 days sober are on and off: ive found myself alot more tired lately not exactly like myself hard time concentrating boredom cravings to drink slightly faster heartbeat mild-moderate anxiety i also seem to get fits of depression that last a couple hours at a time. I am however able to live normally working hanging out with friends i can enjoy reddit video games etc in short bursts just kind of flip floppy all day. ..Anyhow i just want to know how long these feelings will last for. I have read that the damage to the gaba receptors and central nervous system can take awhile to heal? When will the anxiety go away? when can i live a normal sober life like i did when i was a teenager. I just feel like a hypochondriac with all my symptoms. I really want to commit to stopping drinking all together because of what i feel like it has done to my brain and possibly body...Thanks guys itd be nice to have some people to talk to who can relate to what i am going through because all my friends still drink like fish lol.
----------immediate responses--------

You are playing a dangerous game with barbiturates and booze. Fatigue is normal at this stage. As far as depression and anxiety are concerned booze just exacerbates it. Depression and anxiety do not just disappear with prolonged abstinence those are issues you have to work on.
c/t = cold turkey?
My advice: Become proactive about your issues with anxiety depression and alcohol. The three intermingle and get worse without personal intervention. This means developing tools. Personally I wouldn't take an ambien if someone paid me. Are you buying those from friends? It baffles me that a responsible M.D. would prescribe that to a young person. You have an able body I'm assuming? Use the shit out of it! Exercise already. 
Depression is a long term condition. No one experiences depression for a few hours at a time.  Anxiety can be managed by taking actions to deal with your anxiety.  Emotions even negative emotions are a normal part of life. It is unrealistic to expect that you will always feel the way you want to feel. Welcome to real life. ~~I recommend that you start exercising. Exercise is a wonder drug.~~ scratch that I see you already exercise. Give it time. Big changes don't happen overnight. :-) 
2 weeks of freaking out. Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome. PAWS...My depression anxiety and basically all the shitty fucking stuff in my head went away in the first month of sobriety. I had to lay in bed for a few days.  I cried a lot and chewed my knuckles. My body just felt 'grey.'..I couldn't leave the house or function.  Yep.  Good times...
Welcome /u/mergerr to /r/stopdrinking --This is what I did and do to get and stay sober:..1. Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate decision that I wont drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man who became my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). By moving my feet and actually getting face-to-face with others I get the support I need to deal with my feelings and gain access to resources that helped me through the tough early days...3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me it was essential that I focus only on the next 24 hours...Good luck and I hope you stay on the sub and keep posting as you go along and let us know how you're doing.
