-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25j3y1/this_subreddit_has_probably_saved_my_life/

Hi there I am 27 and just started my first day of sobriety. Until now I didn't accept it as a problem. I can go months and not drink and then all of the sudden bam I have 12 to 15 a day and am drunk for a whole week. Thank you guys for sharing your stories and struggles. I don't get out much and have been lurking until just now. It was hard for me because none of my other friends have drinking problems and I feel like I am the only one. I read a few stories of people who are my age and our stories are almost the same. Started drinking in college didn't really stop afterwards. It is a comfort knowing that there are way more people than I thought who also struggle with drinking. I don't know what it is more to do with a combination of boredom loneliness and depression (the depression probably has more to do with being drunk and alcohol having that depressing effect on you in general). Normally I am a content person (like I said before I can go for months without a single drink) but do get lonely sometimes and that's what I resort to forget about things. I admit to myself (and it wasn't easy as I was in denial about it for a very long time) that I do have a problem. And I think that overall that made it more difficult for me to quite in the past when I've wanted to: I blew it off and didn't think it was a problem. But as my title says finding this subreddit and reading your stories has probably saved my life. I know I am not the only one who struggles with this and tries to hide it. Sorry for the lengthy post but it's my first one and I wanted start it off right. I will be checking back often.
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you're here! :)
Thank you for this stay around.  You can learn and help others. 
Fair play to you.  It is not an easy thing to admit that you have a problem with the booze.  Denial was a big issue for me and I nearly didn't live to tell the tale.  Good luck on your journey.
I am with you azninvsn27 this sub and the ability to be honest with like minded folks in a safe space saved me. I'm not in any doubt about that. ..Welcome aboard - we have your back : )
Welcome /u/azninvzn27 to /r/stopdrinking --have you been able to stop drinking over the last few days?  Need a plan?  Are you doing recovery meetings too?  Let us know how we can help but as so many have said: I'm glad you're here.  Don't drink TODAY.
Good Read! welcome :D
Drinking definitely made my depression and anxiety worse.  Now that I'm about a month into sobriety both the depression and anxiety are better. They feed each other I'm depressed so I'll drink I'm drinking so I'm depressed. I also get the "Shit 3" (boredom loneliness and depression)
