-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25l6yt/forgot_the_regret/

So in my recent success with sobriety prior to relapsing/slipping (which would a 3 day vacation bender be? I'll leave the terminology up to you) I realized something I'd forgotten.  I hadn't forgotten the way it made me lose entire weekends the way it made me welch on my commitments the money I spent the time I lost in the stuporous haze or even the relationships I'd given up to dive deeper into my solitary drinking.  ..And I mean I'm still feeling some of those keenly too... But what I had forgotten was that echoing refrain in the back of my mind after some particularly stupid comment (or series of them) niggling like a splinter you can't quite tweeze out.  The tick the nagging cough that won't quite go away.  For some reason I keep flinching back to a number of small events (not life ending but ruinous in their own smaller way) and can't help but think "Blargh."  ..I wish there were a more poetic word for it but let's face it the stupid things we do while drink are pretty much only romanticized by the drunken or the forgetful...I'm not sure this post really adds anything of value but I think I needed to air (for myself) that along with the really big reasons I quit drinking and along with the really big mistakes I made during my recent relapse there are a thousand small ones that are hard to shake clear from your head.
----------immediate responses--------

This post really helped me. I very often forget the layins and the excuses when I can't get out of bed on a Sat morning.
Even after I no longer had "terminal uniqueness" I had "detox amnesia".
Congratulations on 3 days.  Time to end your drinking career and move on to something far better.  
Oh man this is the worst! I felt sorta shitty yesterday and sorta shitty today and I think I'm probably still dealing with the after-affects of too much heavy drinking and too many hangovers. Alcohol does some wicked business in the brain there's no question.
I get this and it is awful. Dwelling on the past. On pieces of the night you can't quite thread together. I hate feeling like I'm not in control of myself. 
Welcome back! You are so right!
