-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25moom/i_need_help_with_quitting/

Can you guys give me some tips on how to get my mind off the desire to have a drink? I went about a week and a half without alcohol but relapsed last night. I really really want to stop. I realized that my whole lifestyle needs a complete overhaul and alcohol can not be a part of it. 
----------immediate responses--------

My tip:  Don't do it alone.  Find a solid support and education system to reinforce sobriety but to also teach you how to live your life without needing or wanting alcohol.  Good luck!
Hello and welcome!                       .Going it alone is not only lonely but it usually doesn't work. You need and deserve more support. I found it by going to treatment having a counselor and going to aa meetings. Getting well takes more than just not drinking. Therapy and a support group will give you the skills to "overhaul" your life. ..You are not alone. There is help and hope.
A desire to drink does not ever mean that you have to drink...Whenever I have the desire I'm mindful of it. I acknowledge the thought and chose to not dwell on it. I've learned that I can just observe thoughts without having them consume me...When I have the desire I'm OK with it. I do not let the desire make me feel like I have lost the battle or that I am not strong enough...Try channeling Stuart Smalley! "I have the desire to drink right now and that's OK"
Welcome /u/lalalaurlaur to r/stopdrinking--This is what I did to quit and stay sober and this is what I do:..1. Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I'm actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). ..3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was essential that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol..If any of this is helpful feel free to use it or ignore it at your leave...Good luck friend. We'll be here to support you.
For me an AA meeting pretty guarantees a day without drinking. Meetings have made me feel happy scared informed annoyed sad and hopeful. Often it's all of the above. ..I have never ever walked out of a meeting wanting a drink though. Not once...[This link lists AA meetings near you.](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28).
Thanks for your support :) I really would like to go to a meeting... I am nervous though. My fiance has no idea about this daily struggle and I never bring up the fact that I want a drink. He is totally disgusted with the thought of me having any issues with alcohol which is why I never drink around him. When I do I make sure to hide it. I find that this sneaking around only make.s it harder to not think about..I am a stay at home mom to a ten month old. How would I get away with going to a meeting without him knowing? What kind of people go to AA? I just imagine mostly older men and I am just a tiny young girl... I just don't want to feel awkward and out of place. Are there meetings out there that are tailored to my demographic? I am by no means trying to sound snobby or pretentious. This is all new to me. 
Check your AA meeting listings for meetings with childcare. :)
