-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25n2f7/woooooooooooooo_wooooooooo_hype_train_all_aboard/

I couldn't have done it without you guys! I had been mulling the decision over in my head for a long long time before I finally committed. No regrets at all. For those of you that are struggling right now: don't lose hope. It does get better you just have to try and visualize that light at the end of the tunnel as hard as it may be. Once you take that first step--and stick with it--you'll be much better off hell I'm better off than I have ever been and it's all thanks to making a good decision for myself finally and having a wonderful bunch of supporters here on /r/stopdrinking to keep me honest and offer advice when I needed it the most. ..YOU CAN DO EET GUYS! .DOO EET FOR YOURSELF!.DO EET FOR THOSE YOU LOVE!.DOO EET BECAUSE YOU REFUSE TO BE CONTROLLED BY A SUBSTANCE!.DOO EET BECAUSE EET FEEELS GOOOOOOOODDDDD :D..Wioooooooooooooooo HYPE TRAIN leaving the station WOOOOOOO 
----------immediate responses--------

I LOVE THESE POSTS!!! Congratulations! For 10 years all I wanted to do was get 90 now I can actually see one year on the horizon getting closer and closer...Doing anything special for yourself?
Hehe...you made me giggle because of your enthusiasm.  It's positively infectious.  ..Congratulations on the first year of your new life!!!  It's pretty damn amazing ain't it? WOOOTT!
Congratulations on your 1 year anniversary--your cyber 1-year coin is on its way.
Congrats!  A year is a huge accomplishment.  Keep it up!
great job skaldicoet9!  maybe I can DOO EET too!
Thanks for the laugh. CONGRATS! Yeah - already better off here - staying on the train!
[deleted]
I got a seat on that 365 train a few weeks back as well.  Congrats...
I HIT SIX MONTHS YESTERDAY!!!!! Wooo WOooooo!!!
Congratulations!!!!!!!!! Wooo woooooooo!!!
Congratulations! That's an incredible accomplishment!  Now on to 366!
Congratulations OP.  It's waaay too late to be a Pink Cloud so it must be the real thing.;-)..My worst day since I got sober is still better than the best day at the worst of my drinking...Here's to us all.  Keep smiling!
Congratulations!!! This is a massive accomplishment and you totally inspire me!
Congratulations!  Never lose sight of your goal and you will never lose sight of your goal!!
Niiiiiice! Gogogogogo. 366 is just as cool.
fun post :) thanks.
You did it!!  You made it to a year!  How amazing is that!  Congrats to you...Tell us more about your first year when you get time...Keep on keeping on!
Congratulations to you! ..Whoop whoop! :)
Awesome job congrats :)
AWESOME! Congratulations! :)
[deleted]
