-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25n6s8/day_2_the_shame_the_guilt_the_fear/

I feel like it's overwhelming and all encompassing. I feel the need to keep 'confessing my sins' to the people that I love and I end up just saying the same stuff over and over. This is not new to this relapse but anytime I've really tried and stop drinking. ..I've made a lot of stupid decisions and stupid mistakes while drinking and I feel so guilty... I read on some site about forgiving yourself that guilt and shame are emotions that only hurt the person that feel them. I'm trying to think that way but I'm most concerned with my 'black out' moments when I lose any where from a few minutes to an hour and things end up really fuzzy. I'm constantly terrified I've done something bad or wrong which ironically led me to drink more to suppress those emotions. ..Just reaching out today. I'm going to try and make it to the Young Persons AA meeting tonight if I can get a ride. ..Hope everyone is having a good and sober day. Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post; I'm so glad you are reaching out.  ..The whole "confessing of sins" thing is a common impulse.  Please don't. Just focus on taking care of Amber and getting to bed sober tonight.  ..The meeting idea is such a great idea.  You might consider PMg some of the solid women on the sub like /u/VictoriaElaine /u/SarahSiddonscooks /u/pollyannapusher or /u/SOmuch2learn among many other solid SD regulars.  ..I'm really pulling for you to get this whole sober-thing this time.  
I blacked out on a monday and came to that friday. I went and checked myself into rehab the very next day. I know what you are going through. Trust me it gets easier. Everyday slowly gets better.
The shame the guilt and the fear are all your addicted self screaming at you to go out and drink already.  It is the wonderful affliction of alcohol.  Your addicted self will pull out all the stops trying to force you to drink.  The insomnia the crushing boredom the relentless restlessness frustration fear and anger.  The "squirrel cage" mind. The hopelessness.  They all come from inside and nowhere else.  I went through it a few hundred times before I had enough.  Reach out get to meetings and don't let yourself drag you down to where you don't want to go.  AA was able to help me.  Don't bog down in the details.  I just went there to learn how to be sober.  I did not know how but I learned a little bit.
I'm also on day two. Congrats on that for sure. I have so many similar memories and it's certainly no fun...I read somewhere else that the focus should be on you right now. Let your current actions speak about your character and in time they will be just as or more meaningful as your past actions. 
