-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u00g/stopping/

I need to stop drinking i find it hard to though i seem to relapse very easy and go on benders spending days drunk and also going to work drunk. I have to have support so have decided to go to aa. How can i stop forever and not kid myself that i am missing out from not drinking...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; How can i stop forever and not kid myself that i am missing out from not drinking.....It's really the other way around. How much do you remember from your benders? How much time has been wasted unconscious or too hungover to do anything?..Going to AA sounds like a smart plan. 
Good for you! My first timer meeting advise is in the comments under a post from ThePunkWay within the last hour. ..Please post your experience after the meeting good for those waiting I the wings and if you have questions some of us meeting veterans can answer them for you...I am going to give you a very hot tip that I suggest drilling into your brain post haste. Never use the word easy in the same sentence as the words alcoholism or addiction recovery...Besides rehab and regular meetings this sub is the BEST resource for guidance support advice and encouragement I have ever witnessed and I have been participating in the recovery community for 11 years. I haven't been sober that long but in the last 11 years I have done rehab 3 times attended at least a thousand meetings from coast to coast and in 5 different countries presently I am enjoying the longest stretch I never imagined I would see at 8.5 months...I love lists not just in your head but in front of you. Make a few tonight they are as follows:..List all the amazing wonderful things that could happen to you if you continue to drink..List all the horrible things that could happen to you if you continue to drink. (Let me tell you the one I listed here that I never in my wildest dreams would happen was being homeless and sleeping on a park bench).Now.List all the amazing things that can happen to you if you quit.List all the horrible things that can happen if you quit 
Welcome u/skyedogg to r/stopdrinking.  I just posted this in another post but let me share it with you too--This is what I did to quit and stay sober and this is what I still do:..1. Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I'm actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). Meetings gave me the opportunity to make new sober friends and begin to live in a supportive environment of people not into use and abuse. This would seem especially essential and important to you...3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...If any of this is helpful feel free to use it or ignore it at your leave. We'll be here to support you as long as you need us as a resource...I think the last part of your question is one that you are better off asking 6 sober months from now.  I hope you continue to share as you go along.
