-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u6cc/saturday_share_im_coolcrosby_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/

This September I will turn 60; how is this even possible?!  More importantly if I keep doing what I'm doing my birthday will arrive one month into my 6th year of sobriety.  As anybody who has read my posts over the last year probably already knows this August won't be my first 5 year sober anniversary although I intend this anniversary to be the last time I celebrate 5 years...I am the second oldest of six kids I was born on an air force base on the outskirts of Valdosta Georgia in 1954.  My dad was an Ohio River rat (hillbilly without the hills) and my mother was a pre-novitiate at Catholic convent school in Kokomo Indiana.  Mom was on a train to see her aunts who lived in Florida when she met my Dad on the midnight train to Georgia while he was returning to his base after a short leave.  ..My first real memories are from living in rural areas of the Indiana then of going to school in Indianapolis.  My mom was not MUCH of a practicing Catholic and my dad didn't practice ANY religious belief.  I was baptized Catholic but aside from occasionally going to full-immersion Baptist services with my babysitter Bunny there was zero religious observance in our house.  ..Like a lot of us I was first exposed to alcohol by watching the alcoholic relatives and alcoholic co-workers of my parents.  They just seemed pathetic and infantile to me and I didn't form a very positive view of alcohol or people who chronically drank too much.  I maybe saw my father drink a few times (but he had far worse problems.)  My father was a violent and as I later confirmed although I only suspected at the time--an child molester.  ..I was an academic achiever the high school newspaper editor but because I grew up in a poor white trash family I did not have the resources or insight to obtain financial aid for college (in fact only certain far distant relatives had ever attended college) so I went into the US Army to get the GI Bill--my mom signed for me to enlist.  BTW going into the army in circa 1972 ran against the grain of what cool kids of the era were doing. The VietNam War was still raging and would continue for a couple more years.  Just as I was about to join my combat unit an armored battalion it transferred from Southeast Asia to W. Germany.  I dodged that horror show but I did sustain a combat training injury to my knees that have slowed me considerably as I get older. ..In the Army booze hash heroin crystal (meth) and cocaine was readily available.  Surprisingly weed wasn't.  In the Army I was dubbed "Cool" Crosby because I had a "live and let live" attitude and while I was not one to "party" beyond a few instances I really didn't care if others did. At 18 I became an assistant platoon sergeant I did a lot of covering for others. During my 3 years in the Army I had one bottle of bourbon in my locker the entire time.  On discharge out of the Army I was still not old enough to buy a legal beer in my hometown...My drinking really got underway in college with monthly visits to follow my favorite local band and fill the table with empty Rolling Rock bottles and later Bourbon or Scotch. Predictably the monthly bar binges accelerated during my college years and at one point I remember telling my now wife that I probably ought to watch out since my grandfather died of alcoholism.   I went so far as to pour out the booze that I had on hand.  Of course after awhile I was still at it.  After graduating summa cum laude I went to a distinguished  law school and began working in a law firm while doing long distance running.  In the next few years I drank too long too often and finally so damn obsessively that my dear wife decided she needed to go to Al-Anon meetings.  As I've often recorded or SD; when I found out that she was going to Al-Anon meetings I had NO CLUE who "the alcoholic" was and I was shocked when she said it was me...During this period I drank away my morals my ethics my good judgment I was a compulsive liar and I turned my marital commitment into a farce.  I was "whoring around" and I use that crude term only to indicate that I was the WHORE.  While on the outside everything looked great and so good that my dear friend/wife was unable to organize an intervention because she couldn't convince my law partner and other family members that I had a problem.  But she was right I was a sick alcoholic.  She asked me if I wouldn't be happier moving out.  I moved to the complete other side of town; she moved to the other part of the country...I've related a few times on SD how it was that I got drunk one night in March of 1986 and fell drunkenly down a hillside while dressed in a magnificent 3-piece suit and later awoke as frightened and terrified as I ever felt after a drunken night out.  I was at rock bottom.  I was injured and for a long time afterward not too mobile.  I stopped drinking and I remained stopped for the next 6 weeks.  As I healed I went through all the withdrawal symptoms everyone on SD describes: shaking anxiety panic attacks and  hallucinations.  I got a lot better physically so much so that I was convinced I had had some sort of intellectual breakthroughs which since I did this all on my own I did not ascribe to alcohol.  I thought I was suddenly smarter more insightful and deeply wizened.  Of course I was unknown to me in the grips of a full blown dry drunk punctuated by my Shrink sagely suggesting that I figure out what role alcohol was playing in my life that was May 6 1986.  I was 31 years old...That night I went to my first AA meeting.  The speaker that night was an old man Bob T. who as I say had what sounded like 400 years of sobriety and a wild ups and downs drunk-a-log that was nothing like my story.  Bob had something more important--his brain was just like my brain.  When he had one drink he set off uncontrolled drinking just like me.  When he wasn't drinking--HE WAS THINKING ABOUT DRINKING.   ..I was sober for 15 years and I worked a pretty good AA program at least for the first 12-13 years.  I got remarried adopted two infants when children didn't come biologically and devoted my career to helping rape and incest victims pursue civil lawsuits and seek prosecution of rapists and other responsible parties.  Like everyone who says their jobs are stressful this was a stressful even traumatic calling.  I stopped going to AA meetings. Business and tax woes went unaddressed.  ..Sometime in late 2001/2 I wandered into a bar after a long drive and successfully returned to moderate drinking for um 2 weeks.  Then I descended into a hellish and frightening 7 plus year relapse that I've detailed in my various comments and occasional post.  ..August 17 2009 I returned to sobriety.  I had been suicidal for quite some time.  I knew at that time I was in terrible financial criminal tax and professional licensure trouble.  Indeed after I got sober my law license was suspended and I was prosecuted by the Justice Department for my unfiled and unpaid taxes.  Looking at 5 years in federal prison I ended up getting 5 months of very difficult prison time.  One of the guys I did time with said that I packed 5 years into my 5 months.  I was sober before during and after I went to prison--each day doing what I tell newcomers (in my "greeting") on SD what I did to get and stay sober.  I went to AA meetings and where there was no AA I rounded up others and we created prison meetings.  When I got back to Cleveland I spent another 6 months on an ankle bracelet.  After that I spent another 18 months on probation.  I was welcomed back to my AA sober club and by my friends with all the love and acceptance that you could ever hope for.  Nowadays I am managing to pay back small amounts of tax debt but I owe approximately 1 million dollars in back taxes penalty and interest to all of the applicable taxing authorities.  Since I make a fraction of what I did in my high flying days the probability is that I will go to my grave owing a massive uncollected tax debt.  ..Before I got active on Reddit I blogged at *BAD LAWYER* which details my professional collapse my musings on many aspects of my career the law  and I documented what happened to me before during and after I returned from relapse and later prison.  ..TODAY  I am happy frequently joyous and FREE.  Luckily I was only briefly unemployed despite all of my relapse and disciplinary woes.  My friend Patrick who is almost a brother to me--came to my rescue and I've been employed in a growing multidisciplinary law firm doing primarily medical-legal claims administration.  I speak at ethics and substance abuse sections as part of continuing legal education seminars and I sponsor troubled professionals in addition to my great group of sponsor-ees that have become close friends.  Outside of Reddit I am (and alwyas have been an avid collector of records (and CDs) I play acoustic guitar and I am a road bike enthusiast and bike commuter. ..My family survived our joint tragedies and ordeals largely brought on my alcoholic relapse and today is happily intact loving and supportive of one another.  In fact I was up late last night because I was out watching my young adult son perform as the Wizard in the Wizard of Oz in a regional theater production.  I'm so proud of my family and especially considering all that we weathered...I enjoy my activity on the recovery subs; and I've been honored to become a moderator of r/dinosaursinrecovery which is the sub created by Slipacre to serve as a "coffee house" for SD regulars who achieve a year or more of sobriety.  It's been fun getting to know the 100+ r/stopdrinking and r/alcoholism regulars who have relatively decent sober time.  ..Thanks for letting me share I wish you all continued sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you shared this double-C. I know a lot of the story already from bits and pieces that I've read in your comments. /r/stopdrinking is lucky to have you on its side...Wishing you continued sobriety as well!
&gt; when I found out that she was going to Al-Anon meetings I had NO CLUE who "the alcoholic" was and I was shocked when she said it was me...Ha that part cracked me up.  I can relate.  I think most of us can...Good share! Thanks for taking the time. And thanks for all you do here on the "front lines."  Through sharing here and with the work you do with CLE's you're making a difference in so many people's lives.  You cast a wide net my friend.  What a great example.
Thanks for sharing coolcrosby!
Damn compelling reading. Thanks for the share.
Thank you for the share and for everything you do here. You have led a remarkable life! 
Thank you for sharing Crosby. I always appreciate reminders of what can happen if I stop focusing on recovery and that we can always bounce back if we take it one step at a time. Thanks for everything you do around here.
Me fucking too
Great to hear your story Crosby! When I get some money up I want to join you for a ride. Though you'll have to put up with me and my fixed gear antics (former bike messenger in Downtown LA).
[deleted]
You're fantastic. Always a source of advice and encouragement on SD.  Thanks for telling us more about your history and your sobriety.  ..I hope I make it to 1 year so I can join the coffee room sub!
Seasoned fellow. Congrats. I must ask though.....I feel like I have a drinking problem. Not a full blown alcoholic. I want to try and go to an aa meeting just for a way to build a network of sober people I can be around. All my friends drink and it seems like I'll be seeing less and less of them their choice of course. 3 weeks sober and I feel I got it under control for that reason I feel I don't think it's a good idea for me to go to one. Not sure...
Thanks for this.   You write well this should be bookmarked and linked in responses to all the high functioning professionals coming to SD thinking there is a separate path for them...
Thank you so much for writing this! Truly inspirational! 
Hey Mr. Crosby! Thank you so much for sharing. This was like going to a speaker meeting and hearing the whole story from one of the regulars that you've only heard bits and pieces from previously. Which I guess it is! Your story is such a great example of experience strength hope and caution. I'm grateful to know your story because I really don't know other alcoholics in my "real life" who have gone "back out" after such a long length of sobriety so you're always somewhere in the back of my mind because of that experience. Thank you for all you do here and out there to put your hand out to help other alcoholics....you are a shining example of a  someone who is living a wholehearted life something I strive to do too...May you have continued happiness health joy and peace my friend. :-)
Thank you for sharing cc.  You're an inspiration and a fabulous role model.  I especially appreciate the honesty about relapse...relapse scares me as it should and I need the reminder that the possibility is out there for me as well.
Great story thank you for sharing! 
Thank you CC. I've pieced together bits of your story over the past year but in total it's an incredibly powerful read. Thanks so much for taking the time to talk to us about your experiences!
I was hoping you'd do a saturday share soon :) thank you for your story cc!
Thanks for sharing your story. It really helps me to see stories of people with lots of time who relapsed.  Reminds me to keep up my meetings sponsor timeetc.  ..I am grateful for you today!
Thank you "Cool" Crosby.
Thanks for being here!
[deleted]
Thanks for your story CC.   I feel enriched by your sharing.  If only there was some way to impart the wisdom that has to be won so dearly.  I have learned that "one day at a time" has many meanings.  What it means to me today is if I take care of my sobriety today I take care of myself today.  Tomorrow starts with me sober.  I have never ever woken up and wished that I had been drinking the day before.  I think I said that elsewhere so please forgive me for repeating myself.
What a great story...Thank you so much for all the support you give here. You are truly an indispensable member of this subreddit. 
Thanks for putting some of your considerable positive energy into this place. You are one of the people who have directly helped me to get sober after previous extended nondrinking (yeah I only want one more 5-year milestone too). 
Thanks for sharing!
Thanks for sharing Cool!  You are a perfect example of someone who carries the message here with consistency compassion and class.
Your wisdom and experience is appreciated. It ripples healing energy into the recovering community. Simply thank you. 
Crosby I have to tell you that over and above anyone else I have encountered here on SD you possess a wisdom and caring which helps everyone here and is a big reason I read this stuff every day. There are a lot of painful and challenging things you wrote about here but somehow you have risen above everything in life become much more than you sound like you were destined to be if you just didn't care. Thanks for sharing your story.
Thanks for sharing this Crosby.  The train-wreck stories help me as much as the success stories probably more.  I hate that bad experiences come at the expense of good people but hearing them helps me keep on track. Plus now I can say I know of **ONE** lawyer that seems like a good person :).
Thanks for doing this CC! I always wanted to hear your whole story. I've read some pieces of it before but this ties it altogether. I got a lot out of it and I'm glad you're here.
Jeez that's  some story Crosby.  Fair play to you you seem to have a busy life yet you find time to post here on a regular basis.  It must have taken yonks to write all that!  Keep it up.
Wow I am so glad that you did a share coolcrosby. You're such a reassuring presence here and I see an amazing person irl! The real deal..
Thanks for your share...I got a long life left ahead of me I hope... I'm scared to think of what drinking could lead me to...It's awesome to see what working this shit one day at a time can do to help us put humpty dumpty back together again...Or build him from whole cloth if like me you haven't gotten that far before quitting drinking :-0
awesome share thank you
THanks for sharing.  That was some intense stuff there
[deleted]
Wow fantastic story CC. I really needed this today. Thank you for all you do.
You are so inspirational man. Thank you for sharing. 
Hey Crosby! Thanks for sharing your story. Your advice has been a huge help for me over the last two weeks. I'm glad I was able to find your Saturday share. Thanks again!
Wow.. When you said you didn't know you were an alcoholic I imagined a moderate drinker who drank a six pack a day after work. Your Saturday Share is like a roller coaster. If experience truly makes one relate you can probably relate to over half of reddit. 
