-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25woxx/relapsed_yesterday_after_almost_4_months_i_dont/

"It was the end of a perfect day not a cloud on the horizon."..I thought if I ever relapsed it would be because things got hard or the program stopped working for me. On the contrary I LOVE the life I have *because of* the program. I'm healthy and confident and social now - so when I completed a Savage Race yesterday with a big group of friends from my gym and the sun was shining and the music was blaring and I was hours away from having to drive I asked my friend to give me back the beer voucher I had given him earlier in the morning...So I had one. And (you know the story) another five. But nothing bad happened. I didn't make an ass of myself. I didn't puke or black out. Yeah I had some anxiety about how much I was drinking vs everyone else and when it would be appropriate to order another - but I managed. I have a blow and go on my car though so I needed to get a ride home. That was embarrassing. ..I don't feel bad about it honestly. But I KNOW that my life has gotten immeasurably better since I stepped into the rooms of AA and quit drinking almost 4 months ago and I don't want to give that up. On the other hand I keep hearing people say "You're done when you're done" and "Maybe you just need to go back out" and I'm confused...Deep down I want the best of both worlds. I want all the good things that AA has given me but I want to be a normal drinker too and I don't know where to go from here...Can you just walk right back in after a relapse without the pain? I have a ton of self-knowledge and I can point to signifiers that indicate that yes I am an alcoholic but I don't have the desperation or the pain right now. So will it even "stick" if I try to go back to AA? I don't have that perfect 1st step they talk about...Everyone and everything tells me trying to control your drinking on your own doesn't work...why isn't knowing that enough? Can it be enough?..What do you even do after a no-consequence relapse?
----------immediate responses--------

I would just look really closely at the fact that you planned to have one ended up having five (and more than anyone else in your group.) This caused you anxiety and this also caused you to trip the blow and go which I assume you have from previous DUI incidents. Thankfully you had that measure in place!..I mean yeah it's a learning experience but it does sound like you're not really interested in learning anything from it than that it wasn't "that bad." ..You don't have that perfect "first step" no... but you do have a quite a bit even in that one "not a cloud on the horizon" story to show "powerless" if you want to see it...Whatever you choose I wish you the best!
 I've sat here for fifteen minutes trying to type something out that would "stick" so to speak. And I keep deleting it and trying again with a different angle. So instead I'll go straight to the point. I can tell that you're an intelligent person who is very self-aware about your situation so I'll just be blunt. No bullshit. ..You are very blatantly playing with fire. And I know it's fun! Hey you drank and didn't puke or black out! Pat yourself on the back! You have a blow and go on your car. You said it yourself that you're an alcoholic not me. I don't really think that there are no-consequence relapses for addicted people. Just because there are no outward signs of it doesn't mean that nothing negative happened in your head. ..You seem disconcertingly okay with it is what I'm getting at. Just be careful and come back when you need to. 
&gt; But I KNOW that my life has gotten immeasurably better since I stepped into the rooms of AA and quit drinking almost 4 months ago and I don't want to give that up...If that's true then don't listen to anyone telling you that you need to go back out. If your life is better and you don't want it to get worse the solution is to keep going to AA and don't drink again. ..&gt; What do you even do after a no-consequence relapse?..Stop drinking before there are consequences. ..Do you have a sponsor in AA you can talk to? How did you end up going to AA in the first place and quit drinking? Are those reasons that you quit still valid?
Did you do a written first step? This is what helped me remember why I quit in the first place. Perhaps it's time to re-read it or write one out. Talk to your sponsor. If you don't have one it's time. ..I'm curious. Did alcohol make your day more "perfect"?
&gt;Everyone and everything tells me trying to control your drinking on your own doesn't work...why isn't knowing that enough? Can it be enough?..You were going to have 1 you ended up having 5. So you tell me; was knowing enough because to me it doesn't seem like it.
Lots of good points already made so I'll only add this: Just because your night wasn't a complete disaster doesn't mean it was a success. 
So you had a few and it worked out okay...This time...So now your addiction has another weapon in its arsenal when it wants to convince you to try again. A pretty powerful weapon. Do you often engage in battle after arming your opponent? ..There will be a next time. And it might not work out as well as this one did. That blow-and-go wasn't a birthday present was it? And there WAS a negative consequence to this round of drinking. You had to ask someone for a ride and it was probably an inconvenience to retrieve your wheels. As negative consequences go it wasn't all that serious...This time.
I've had those kind of relapses. I would very much like to have one right now. But it's not worth it for me because I've also had the type of relapses where everyone I know and respect loses respect for me due to my abject drunken behavior (over and over again). I'd get right back to working recovery if I were you. Good luck.
I wouldn't say that you relapsed. You're an adult who made a conscious decision to consume liquor. ..Some can learn to control their drinking but that's not what you did. One drink quickly turned into six and the main reason that you didn't drive home is the ignition interlock. Your story sounds more like one told by a teenager who just went out drinking for the first time than someone who is making better choices after joining AA...There's no need to feel bad about what happened as long as you don't let it happen again. Next time one drink will become twelve and you'll be stringing together multiple days in a row.
&gt;Deep down I want the best of both worlds. I want all the good things that AA has given me but I want to be a normal drinker too and I don't know where to go from here...I think that's how most of us feel. If you figure out a way that that's possible for an alcoholic you'll be rich. I'd buy your book that's for sure. ..&gt;What do you even do after a no-consequence relapse?..A lot of my drinking in the past few years had no immediate consequence. I didn't lose my job didn't get arrested etc- there were some episodes that had immediate consequences (like spilling beer all over my laptop backing my car into a dumpster) but they were few and far between- however every time I drink there is the risk I will do something horrible like get behind the wheel and hurt someone else. There's also over weeks and months and years the consequences to my health and the general inability to be both drinking and moving forward in life or doing much productive. I mean that's me but you said yourself your life has gotten immeasurably better in 4 months sober. But you've given your disease what it wants you drank and now it's talking to you loud and clear trying to convince you to keep drinking. 
Also I've been where you are more times than I can count. ..&gt;So will it even "stick" if I try to go back to AA? I don't have that perfect 1st step they talk about...Why not go back into AA and take one day at a time and work on it and stay sober? It sounds like you're looking for someone here to rationalize your drinking. I mean I used to argue with my therapist (who works at a rehab) about how my drinking didn't have immediate consequences or I didn't know if I was really "done" so doesn't that mean I should keep drinking etc. Needless to say he never came back with "yeah I think drinking is the right thing to do" but on the other hand we are the only ones that can make that choice for ourselves. 
I slipped 1.5 months ago. The next day I felt really anxious and weird which to me seems like a healthy reaction. Your post sounds really "upbeat" but you skim over your 1 drink turning to 5 as "you know the story." But do *you* know the story?
I can't tell you how you should or should not feel. We're all different. ..I'm tempted with your current attitude a lot. It's why I miss the odd barbecue or social function...I'm not an alcoholic in the sense that if I drank once I would suddenly be drinking from whiskey bottles skipping work etc..My fear if I did what you did is that I would do the following:..-I would drink one drink probably two the first social function...-Likely within the week/fornight I would do the same at most social functions. Might even have a few dry nights at social functions just to prove I can. Just to prove I'm not a slave to alcohol...-Likely within the month I'd have a few more. Maybe even a bigger night out (5 or so like you did). This might get a little messy. I'd be a little wild. I'd get a hang over. I'd get home safe be respectful be wild in a cute way. Friends would tell me 'ha it's the good ol Throwaway4whatever!' I'd wake up and say this is cool I can do this. I wouldn't eat crappy takeaway food even though I wanted it because I'd assure myself it's not an excuse. I should remain healthy...-Maybe now that I've done sobriety for a while I'd work harder this time. Restrict these wild nights. I'm getting older it's the responsible thing to do...-Wine would creep into nights. Glass of red wine is good for you right? I'd drink a glass of wine or two. It'd become regular. On weekends at home maybe a whole bottle. Why not? It's Saturday nothing to wake up for...-One Sunday I would get crappy food. A fry up. A stack of McDonald's. I'm entitled once in a while...-This would reach a new equilibrium of sorts. I'd likely be a little chubbier which is fine. I'd have the occasional hangover which is manageable. My work might suffer slightly - I wouldn't be the powerhouse I try to be couldn't be the powerhouse of work I want to be - but I would be hindered in my opinion only minorly. At any time I could kick my ass back into gear and pull all-nighters if need be. I could even do it with a glass of wine near me - the wine fuelling me on to do more work - How cool and romantic is that! Working at your computer at 2 in the morning wineglass in hand - like fucking Hemingway!..-At some point - it may take 6 months a year 2 years - I'd slip up. Have an evening where I get up to stupid shit. Have one too many drinks on a wild night out a night where I may not have had enough for dinner and do something dumb. Insult a person. Ruin a relationship with someone I love forever. Do something that would make me thoroughly ashamed. I've done it before several times...-I'd be back to the reasons I decided to quit drinking 98 days ago. It's a position I've been in before. I'd cringe at the thought of going back and starting again. I'd fear I wouldn't have the energy for it. I might not bother and say 'well this is my fate this is the person I am.' I would likely continue drinking... fucking up with more regularity... I wouldn't lose my job I would likely surround myself with people who tolerate my bullshit... but I'd always be disappointed and feel I didn't live up to the expectations I set myself and the people I most respect...This is perhaps a bleak scenario but I don't think it's at all worst-case or melodramatic. It's just a little sad and wholly plausible. I don't want it...I really hope you make the right decisions. I'm not saying the above will happen to you it's simply what I would fear. Best of luck!.
You need real friends. 
[deleted]
Addictive things are addictive.  Deep down you know that.  If you're living sober for what a bunch of people think or *not* living sober for what a bunch of people think then perhaps the experimentation needs to continue.  
Yeah I asked myself all these questions in relapse after 15 years of sobriety especially how can I just walk back into the rooms?  So I stayed out for 7+ years and very nearly killed myself.  In fact one day while my family was away from the house I started all the cars in the garage and lawn equipment and closed the garage doors.  I sat in a wingback chair waiting to die.  The doors opened and there was my wife remote in hand.  ..I have tough days in sobriety.  My relapse nonsense sent me to federal prison and kept me in some form of federal custody and supervision for 2 years.  To this day the IRS plays cat and mouse with my paycheck and minimal bank accounts--but I can assure you EVERYDAY SOBER is an opportunity for another happy miracle.  ..I had supper last night with my dearest friend Pat and my family including my grandson Riley.  Riley said "Poppa I want to go home with you!"  So I get him in his car seat and I said "Riley you are my favorite boy."  He replied "Poppa you are my favorite too!"  ..I would have missed that if those garage doors had remained closed.  ..Thank you for post /u/L_Brady because it gave me an opportunity to say how grateful I am that AA and recovery stuck this time.
Let me introduce you to the AA word of the day...YET.  It doesn't hurt..yet.    Change your date and sit in meetings.    Maybe you will drink again maybe you won't.   But you are more than welcome to sit in meetings and not drink without the pain of your last drink.   You slipped.  You change your date.   you absolutely do not have to inflict  pain on yourself to prove anything.   Your thinking is just like mine......didn't hurt this time so I must be okay.  Those are the scariest of drinking days...those are the days that we cling to instead of the ones where our drinking was terrible and shitty things happened.   I had lots of fun times drinking.   Some were real some were just in my mind.    Drink or don't drink.     Tomorrow.  Stop worrying about whether AA will stick  - For today?  Just don't drink and go sit in a meeting.    Maybe you will take 10 years before you hit a bottom you are satisfied with.  But maybe you don't have to hit that really shit bottom other's do.  Maybe your bottom is this.   Cause this is a scary story.  PLEASE NOTE:  You would have driven drunk if you could have started your car.  "I have a blow and go on my car though so I needed to get a ride home. That was embarrassing."..And your story which is in your mind a no-consequence relapse...could have had very different consequences.  Sounds like you are an alcoholic ....because clearly the consequences of taking that first drink didn't enter your mind.     ..B/B pg. 39. But with the actual or potential alcoholic with hardly an exception will be unable to stop drinking on the basis of self knowledge. ....  .
Russian roulette my man. There are 5 empty chambers in a 6 shooter and you just pulled the trigger and got lucky. Do you enjoy playing games with your life?
Your thinking is taking you on a downhill slide that you won't recognize until you get to the bottom. That is if you're an alcoholic. Hopefully you'll get through the first step (which it appears you have never taken) alive...
