-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25x9ie/buy_beer_pour_it_out_repeat/

Hello r/stopdrinking! ..I'm Derek. I've been a lurker for a year or so and I've been doing AA since August of 2012. I've relapsed twice and I don't want to be that guy anymore. So I've decided to start participating around here as well...For the past week I've been experiencing the urge to drink on a daily basis. Two nights in a row I bought beer. Instead of just cracking it open immediately I stared at it debating. Both times I ended up discarding it...Last night I made a decision to drink and nothing was going to stop me! I grabbed my wallet threw on a jacket and as I went to leave the house I froze. I felt sick to my stomach. I opted for going to bed instead...At first I was ashamed of these incidents. But now a bit of confidence is creeping in. Maybe I desire *not to drink* more than I desire *to drink*...Still this voice in my head is screaming that I need to experience that buzz once more. I obsessed over it all day.. going to meetings but planning to pick up at the end of the night. That pack of beer doesn't even sound good at this point but my mind is still screaming for it!..I don't know what the heck is going on with me.. lol! I'm not sure if I'm growing or if a relapse is approaching. Why am I so afraid to let go of alcohol!?
----------immediate responses--------

A relapse starts when your attitude wavers when you remember the good times (without the consequences)  when you find yourself critiquing and objecting to things in AA rather than focusing on the things you identify with when you say "I got this"...You are very lucky very wise to see this as the wake up call.   My suggestion is that you start by reading the posts here about relapse - see how it affected those who succumbed - go to meetings focus on the new comers - see if anything has changed out there.  ..**nothing has changed.  Instant asshole just add alcohol.**..
Welcome /u/MySpiritForge out of lurkerdom and onto r/stopdrinking.  Yeah testing my sobriety by buying beer and pouring it out sure sounds like a set up for relapse.  It's sitting in the barber chair.  I don't sit in the barber's chair at all.
&gt;Why am I so afraid to let go of alcohol!?..This funded so many relapses for me..I felt that some time ago when I first approached quitting every time I went back to drinking thing's got worse...Looking back it would have been much easier to just stop a good year ago but not giving up and learning from my mistakes (and finding this sub) is what has thrown away that feeling and taken me to 40days...Just keep at it. You're doing great that's what matters. As soon as I think ahead that maybe ill have a drink soon(someday) I tell my self "no that's not going to happen I don't drink anymore" and carry on with thinking about something else. I end it short and move on quickly...Hope this helps
You can always use the beverages in cooking. :)
To the OP Derek lurking for a YEAR?! That is restraint! When I found SD I was 7 months sober joined reddit looking for something totally unrelated and somehow stumbled in here. I jokingly refer to my entrance as "verbal diarrhea" I was instantly drawn. My recovery program is a patchwork of things although I was doing quite well I knew it could all be ripped out from under me at any time. I often stand on a soap box with a megaphone preaching of the dangers of complacency. When anyone asks how to avoid it I simply say "stay active in your recovery community". This has be awesome for me because everyone here is a patchwork of programs countries culture ideas religions weaknesses strengths and courage. I love that the only single tie that binds us is a desire to live better through sobriety.  ..We need to hear your voice too.
