-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25xq21/thoughts_about_my_first_7_days_sober_in_many_years/

I made it through my first week sober in I don't know how long but it has been years.  .Despite the daily struggle some things that kept  me strong:..1 - This sub.  Just being able to read all the success and all the struggles and setbacks as well as talking about my own story was a tremendous first line of defense - thank you!..2 - Remembering my Rock Bottom night and knowing I have an accountability to those involved (they are watching/supporting me) has been the biggest thing stopping me from taking a drink...3 - Allen Carr's book (see the sidebar). I am only halfway through but the outlook he provides (the change in thinking about alcohol) has been a HUGE help.  Looking at a drinking NOT as something normal people do that I am being denied is a big mental boost in overcoming cravings for me. Hard to explain read it if you have not already...4 -  I started a Journal.  Just sort of summing up my feelings/thoughts for a day.  At first I thought I'd let me SO read it but I fell like I would not be as honest in it if that were the case so for now it's just for me...Other thoughts:  I am also ready to get serious about exercise.  I have so much extra time to do that & other projects now.  I find I am craving sugar.  In all forms and I am not usually someone who enjoys sweet deserts but this weekend was a feast of ice cream candy and junk. I'm Reading again and I found I can actually enjoy GoT and my other favorite shows SOBER...who knew?   ..  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! ..Congratulations on week 1 - The first week is the hardest in my opinion and you made it. The cravings that you mention should subside with time. With that much extra insulin in your system from continual alcohol carbs your body is expecting them. Give it time and focus on a clean diet and they will go away :)..I like your Journal idea - I did the same thing just with my weight in the AM and PM. Seeing the weight come off has helped me keep going. The way I calculated it I'm creating a 1100 calorie deficit on average everyday by not drinking (Not that I am burning more just that's about how much I would drink daily in terms of calories). ..Keep up the good work. :)
Good work on a week!..I recall one time when I stopped drinking for a week I was so hungry I ate all day.  I am normal body weight so this behaviour is not typical for me.  I just ate and ate all day and never felt satisfied...Thankfully this went away.  In hindsight this was likely some compensation mechanism for my addiction to alcohol.  But like my counselor said (and not all counselors would agree) better to have a food binge then an alcohol binge...I have since returned to eating normal but I am mindful of keeping other compulsive behaviors in check e.g. web surfing...Stay sober today!
Yeah! Sugar junk food whatever. I've always read that you shouldn't try to make any big changes other than quitting booze for 30 days and this time I'm sticking with that advice. Previous attempts to become the perfect person all at once have resulted in me justifying a few beers since I had been hitting the gym so much or only eating spinach...A journal is a really good idea i've always heard writing down your thoughts helps. 
The biggest thing I would do differently is to journal a lot in early sobriety. 
Way to go! I'm also weirdly craving sugar now but I guess that's better than a drink. Keep posting the updates!
Although not really overweight I was in the middle of a 25-lb weight loss across 3 months.  I would actually only eat about 300 calories of food all day so that I could drink at night and still lose weight.  One thing that happened last week was an extra few pounds dropping off QUICKLY.  Just another reason to stay sober I can eat better and still stay at a weight I want to be at.  Anyway - yes at this point some sugar in the short term is better than alcohol.   The Journal has been good I didn't use it over the weekend but from reading stories by others here it seemed like a good idea to be able to look back on what made me want to stop.
Way to go on the seven days!! The first week can be an eternity but it sounds like you are already developing new positive ways of ways of coping. If it gets too tough AA meetings are all around to support you. 
