-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2638jb/my_long_journey_nine_days_sober/

Using a throwaway for obvious reasons. First I would like to state I've lurked here for a long time and all of your stories have been an inspiration to me. This is where I was roughly a year ago don't want to retype all that: http://www.reddit.com/r/leaves/comments/172mo6/two_days_its_a_start_my_life_story_of_addiction/ ..I did kick the habit of smoking weed but unfortunately for me booze filled the void that being high all the time left. I did end up getting a very good job in the software development industry. I've been doing that for 14 months now and may even be joining a larger company soon with a big pay bump. That is the one thing I can be proud of...On the other hand I got a DUI on 9/25/2013 on federal property so that is now majorly kicking me in the ass. Federal court papers are sent through the mail and there was a major backlog. I thought maybe this problem would go away (stupid I know) but I recently got my court date and I had to hire an attorney. That was $2200 down the drain just to hire his services. The verdict remains out on it for a couple of more months I can only hope for the best...At my worst I was downing a couple of tall boys of 8% beer during the day on the weekends followed by a pint of vodka and copious beers during the night. On weekdays it was usually the equivalent of 12 beers in some form or another. I was completely miserable. A few weeks ago I found a doctor (first one I've seen since college) and finally used my great insurance. I told her I wanted to change and she gave me some prescriptions to help (see my other post). I went a week after that visit and was happy to report to her that I had not drank in those seven days. That Friday night I returned to my idiot self felt entitled for going so long and I drank. ..Thus started a relapse. At this point I never drink with anyone and I have to hide from my wife. She is the opposite of an enabler. I can never hide it from her. I have to chug it in the parking lot before I come in or I have to sneak it in and drink it late at night. On my initial visit to the doctor I had a blood test. My enzyme levels for my liver were VERY high she told me my liver cells were dying. I was supposed to go back in a couple of weeks and have them checked again. I called and canceled/re-scheduled that appointment a few times due to sheer shame and embarrassment. ..Nine days ago I finally went back and told her I had relapsed. She recommended some substance abuse therapist and told me I really needed a support group. I really love this doctor she takes her time and treats me with such respect and care. She gave me new prescriptions to help with my drinking and I've taken them religiously. I have not had a drink in those nine days and I feel amazing. ..The one thing remaining for me to do is find a support group. I don't know what I'm so afraid of. I know when I share I'm going to break down and cry like a baby. My son is almost two I have a daughter due in September and I can't be this person anymore. I have to never drink again and do it for myself for my family and everyone else who depends on me. I just wanted to thank everyone again on here for sharing and being such an inspiration. This felt really good to get off my chest. I love you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Is there anything that could possibly happen in a support group that would be worse than missing out on seeing your son and daughter grow up and sharing that with your wife? ..Does that mean you have been to the substance abuse therapist? Do you have a particular support group in mind?..The fear is always worst before you do the thing you're afraid of. When you actually start doing the thing it is unlikely to be as frightening as you imagine it. Just remember the people in the support group will be supportive. They have been where you are...You can do this!
&gt;I know when I share I'm going to break down and cry like a baby...I cried all through my first meeting without ever opening my mouth.  I was welcomed with open arms and couldn't wait to come back the next day because for that one hour I didn't want to kill myself.  You're already way ahead of me.  You can do this.  
I just want to give you an attaboy and recognize that you're already doing good work in seeing your doc being honest with her and going back. Spending time here and asking questions as well. You'll put it all together. ..Getting sober has to be something one does for oneself. But as a father of three I can tell you that the energy and love that you can give your kids as a sober parent is like tapping into life energy itself. 
Welcome /u/OneLastChance4 out of lurkerdom.  Please become an active member of this community.
Congratulations on your decision to take back your life from alcohol my friend.  And I want to extend that respect to quitting smoking weed too. I know all too well how addictive the escape can be by using both of those substances.  There are those that will say weed isn't addictive and maybe the actual plant itself isn't but the imagined relief from life that is given is extremely addictive. ..You are doing all the right things for yourself...you have a plan and that's half the battle. A lot of us quit and just expect things to get better. Yeah no. It took work to dig ourselves into our hole (rut) and it takes blood sweat and tears to dig out. ..One thing popped out to me when I was reading your story:..&gt;I have to never drink again......Try a little perspective shift with that statement:..&gt;I never have to drink again......Think of that. Doesn't that sound like freedom? Being free to live your life how you want to and deserve to without having to be at the beck and call of a stupid rotting (literally) liquid? ..Couple things: 1. hit up that support group whatever that may be. I personally sat in the back and silently wept during my first few as do many many folks regardless of gender.  2. You sound like you might be operating from an area of shame. [This video](http://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_listening_to_shame) was a real eye opener to me about how to confront shame. ..Thank you so much for sharing and I hope you continue to share here. :-)
