-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/264d76/the_gift_of_each_day_for_an_addict/

Woke up this morning at 7:30 a new habit that's stuck the past 2 weeks--as opposed to 9:30. Get my beautiful 2 year old daughter up and ready for day care. Got ready for work feeling great. ..I was just driving in my car after dropping her off soaking in the sun watching the kids file into school and singing in the car with a big smile on my face. It struck how beautiful each day is now. How someone who is not an addict will never know this feeling. This feeling of overcoming of being a new person. To them waking up each morning sober is the same as any other day. That's all it is--just another day. They'll never know the pure unadulterated (literally) joy that I have each day I wake up sober and can be mindful present basking in the light of the sun and the light of my soul that is full of gratitude pride and love. It made me weep. It's making me weep a little writing this...Thank you all for your encouragement wise words stories of struggles stories of victory and for being a part of this community. Have a wonderful day!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Thank you sorcut for sharing your joy with us this morning! Practicing gratitude like you are doing now invites that joy into your life and gives your spirit an opportunity to soar!  When we are in the depths of addiction it's hard enough just to get out of bed let alone be grateful for something.  Like you today I am grateful for so many things. (I actually verbal say what I am grateful for each day after my meditation and like you 50% of the time I tear up from the depth of feeling welling up from inside of me.)..May you be well and travel far my friend.  Thank you again for the smile you put on my face today.  :-)
&gt; They'll never know the pure unadulterated (literally) joy that I have each day I wake up sober and can be mindful present basking in the light of the sun and the light of my soul that is full of gratitude pride and love. It made me weep. It's making me weep a little writing this...I'm a pretty macho guy US Army Vet ex-felon semi-tough most of my life--but I gotta tell you I totally relate to this. Me too.
Thank you! This is just the right attitude to bring to my day.
Holy moly I had this feeling last Thursday! To have company in joy is better than loneliness in misery.
