-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26egdw/two_months_almost_back_up_to_my_most_recent/

I quit for 66 days last summer. I don't know exactly what caused me to go back to drinking (mostly it was anxiety and knowing that booze helped with that in the short term)...I went back into it full-force and spent fall and winter drinking every night as soon as I got home from work sometimes during the day on weekends and being hungover many if not not most days. I would be late for work sometimes because I slept right through multiple alarms. Some days I would feel sick and exhausted all day at work. I would promise myself I wouldn't drink that night but when I got home I would always go back on it as the only things that could make me feel better were another drink or a nap. I was blacking out frequently. It sucked. I put on weight. I was spending too much money...I've been going to a weekly SMART meeting which I find to be immensely helpful. Just knowing that I have a group who shares my struggles and who will listen and also tell their own stories is very encouraging...I still have a lot of anxiety and depression and get lonely sometimes. When I was drinking all the time the loneliness didn't so much get to me... I do like spending a lot of time alone working on various projects though...I get occasional cravings mostly when I drive by some of the stores I used to stop at after work to get a fifth of whisky or a box of wine. It's a bit tough to say goodbye to those loyal liquid friends no matter how harmful they were for me to be around. I had an intense dream the other night where I bought a six pack.....Sometimes I'll see someone drinking normally (like one or two drinks) and wish I could do that again too but really I don't want one or two drinks. What will one drink do? It'll be five or so minutes of pleasure that will leave me with an empty vacuum that needs to be filled. I want to get totally fucked up. And then do it again and again. I don't think I'm capable of "drinking responsibly"...The good news: I have much more energy - I used to need a nap every day and now I hardly need to nap at all. I'm eating better and losing weight. I'm exercising when I can. I'm getting more done. I'm saving money and using my time more effectively. I no longer have to worry about what I said or did during a blackout or getting a DUI or hurting myself accidentally when drunk. I don't have to worry about further damaging my body with booze (my doctor warned me to stop drinking last year or "bad things will happen")...Two months feels great. It's a real achievement for me. In six days I will be further along than I was last year and that will feel good too. I look forward to not drinking never feeling hungover again and being more creative and productive in the future. I often think "What is your time worth? How much time do you have left? Do you really want to squander all that time poisoning yourself just so you don't have to feel anything?" Well my time is worth more than anything. We all have a finite amount of time here and spending half of my life drunk or hungover is an utter waste...**TL/DR:** I haven't had a drop for 60 days and while things are still difficult in life they're better than they were when I was getting fucked up.
----------immediate responses--------

I think my ratio of clarity to meltdown is improving contingent on my doing something recovery-related daily. It sounds like that's what you're also experiencing.
Two months is a big achievement when I finally got past a hump that took me 10 years to do it was only 90 days but that was HUGE for me and getting over that really ushered in a new phase in my recovery. Please share when you beat your last stretch!
NICE!!!!! You are a STAR!
