-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26h0jp/close_to_relapsing/

This is the first text I've written here but seeing what others have been writing about I think it's about time for me to man up and ask for help. .I've been sober for a bit over 2 years now and have done so without help of AA but only the help of a group of my best friends. My all time best friend in this group is a girl I've known for over 15 years. She used to be my using buddy but went to rehab. She was my main incentive to quit drinking knowing that if the people you drink and use with need professional help you better quit yourself. .Now about over 2 years after the fact I have managed to fall in love with her and have never felt worse about anything in my life knowing that she's more an addiction than love. My life at the moment is not going as it's supposed to and since I'm depressed in nature I know I'm moving over to one of the darker periods again. I however this time feel I can't do it myself anymore. She's been my main help but I know she can't be anymore. We need to live our life on separate lanes that might move in the same direction but will never become one..I'm afraid and in bed right now. Downstairs I know there's some hidden liquor of my housemate screaming my name. I don't know what to do. It feels like the water is moving in too fast and I'm deciding to hold on to a backpack of bricks hoping either the tide changes or it'll just let me drown quickly.
----------immediate responses--------

There is no problem so bad that drinking won't make it worse.  Can you go for a walk?  Sing a song?  Distract yourself into going to bed early with the chance of a better morning?  Call an AA hotline?..Let us know how we can help you.
Stay strong.  Chug a large glass of water. Eat something.  You'll get through this.  
Finding people to help is very important.  Posting here is a good start...There are other people available at AA and elsewhere.  Find them alone is not a good place for you.   ..
I'm on day one. You don't want to start over again. 
Pm me
You have admitted to yourself in this post that you need support outside of your close friends. As a recovering alcoholic I know you know where you can find just that support. You can find it tonight if it's not too late to find a meeting. I know that feeling of being afraid...afraid to even come out of the bedroom. The difference between me then and you now is that I was physically dependent. This is your mind reaching out for your next addiction in the line.  If it's too late to make a meeting call the AA hotline.  Google AA hotline (your state). Alternatively keep reading here on stopdrinking and to find tons of experience strength and hope to see you through today. There is also an IRC chat room...you can find the link in the sidebar to the right...We are here for you my friend. 
&gt; This is the first text I've written here but seeing what others have been writing about I think it's about time for me to man up and ask for help. I've been sober for a bit over 2 years now and have done so without help of AA but only the help of a group of my best friends...Sometimes a post or a question is asked that has embedded in it the answer.  Face to face recovery; diving into the AA program made all the difference in my long term sobriety.  ..Good luck.  
Reach out to find another support system since you can see this one isn't going to work well long term.  AA meetings will introduce you to people struggling with the same thing you're struggling with...they will give you numbers of people to call when you are struggling.  Don't give up hon.  I'm only in my first week and I hope to get to where you are eventually....you can do it.  
Don't drink tonight and see how you feel in the light of day tomorrow. Chances are you'll be a bit more clear headed. 
Alcohol is a depressant.  If you're already feeling depressed it will only make it worse.  Please call someone or do something that will distract you.  There are a lot of good suggestions here and every one of them is 100 times better than taking a drink.  
Wherever you are located in the country there is an AA central office in your county. Get the phone number call them and ask for help That's all you need to do. I can assure that a trusted servant will be sent to get you and take you to a meeting. That's how it works.
You are strong and beautiful beyond measure my friend.  You got this and you already know you do.  Don't wait for our validation.  Your words and wisdom speak volumes to your character.  Just be the you that you have always known and don't run away.  We need your strength so please keep us updated...~Tex  
I don't have any answer for the problems you're having but I can guaran-fucking-tee drinking will make them worse. ..Not better. 
In about an hour I'll be going to my very first meeting. Living in the Netherlands I had to get through the whole night. Luckily I had the support of my friends dog who has sat with me in all kindness distracting this whole night. Such an understanding and loving animal. I have to thank everyone here for the kind words and advice. It really helped me out going through this tonight. I hope the upcoming time I can find more of you people closer to home. 
Congratulations on your two years it's quite an accomplishment. Just remember that this will pass and if you stay sober you'll come out of it able to make the best of your situation. Alcohol can only make things worse there's no point in going back to it.
Hi and thank you for sharing with us what you are going through.  One of the things I've realized and internalized is that my pain is useful.  When I'm hurting and I desperately want to use drink whathaveyou I share exactly what I'm feeling like in an AA meeting.  ..Sharing my feelings not only takes their power away but its very likely someone else is going through or has gone through exactly what I'm going through.  It either helps another person knowing that they are not alone or it helps someone thats been there and gotten through it some more perspective on what they went through and how they got through it...I will not lie to you it sounds like you do need help.  And to get help you just ask.  I'm begging you...go to an NA or AA or whatever 12 step meeting and tell the group exactly what you just told us.  Tell them you've never been to a meeting you have been doing it with a small group of people one of whom you think may just be another addiction too.  Tell them precisely how you feel.  You'd be shocked not only at how many people have been through this  but how many people would love to help you get through it.   They want to help because it makes their pain seem useful.  Pain without helping others is just pain.  When you can use it towards something good it is good...There's another issue I hear in there and it is this issue of your friend.  That sounds like pretty classic emotional dependency.  It's an Alanon thing but please share it at whatever meeting you might attend.  Most of us have been there as well...And please PM me if you'd like to talk.  You are on the right track...keep asking for help and follow the help if you trust the person giving it to you.  ..You absolutely don't need to drink and use.  Just ask for that help!
It's not what we do when we have the giant revelations and realizations and resolutions... staying sober makes sense then...It's when everything falls the fuck apart that staying sober is hard and that's when you do what you do now and reach out and ask for help...There is no shame in asking for help from alcoholics either in AA or any other support group. We're here to help you no strings attached because it helps us and we help each other. ..Post as much as you need PM if you want go to an AA meeting if you feel that's what you want to do. You never have to do this alone. Sometimes the people we think we need to help us let us down. That's why AA and other support groups are so important. If one of us goes down the next will be there to answer the PM show up at the meeting take a phone call whatever. Man the battlestations. Take care of yourself. Much love.
You seem already to have learned that other people can help you. Find some. We're all over the place. Good luck.
