-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26hui3/just_looking_for_advice/

Hi everyone. I'm in my mid 20s and have struggled with booze for the part several years. At its worst I was finishing at least a bottle of liquor daily as well as abusing benzodiazepines and blacking out multiple times a week. To be perfectly honest I feel very lucky that I survived. I was also in a major depression for those years as well but luckily things have been improving tremendously in recent months. I no longer drink anywhere near as much as I used to or abuse pills and in fact can stop after 2 or 3 beers (I stay away liquor now) which I'm fairly proud of. But that's only in social situations (bars restaurantsetc). If I'm alone or somewhere private (my apartment friends places) I'll still occasionally kill a 12 pack. And this is where my question comes in. Even though I'm improving every month I'm very worried that I'll slide back into those bad old days. So do you think I should go dry or just see where this takes me? At this point I don't believe it would be too difficult for me to stop but like everyone else whos's ever had substance abuse issues I would prefer not to; at least not entirely. Thanks guys...TL;DR: Somewhat able to moderate but not entirely. Concerned about full relapse. Unsure whether to stop completely or see if things continue to improve.
----------immediate responses--------

Coolcrosby would say "give it up for 30 days and see how you feel about it then." I think that is prudent advice. Only you can decide if you are an addict I will tell you this though regardless of the addiction (sex gambling drugs alcohol pain killers) the recovery community frowns upon tapering or modifying not because we weren't able to but because it does nothing to treat the addiction.
I'm in my early twenties. I remember being in a position where I started to do a little bit better with my drinking and having similar feelings that you describe. I remember feeling like I couldn't imagine my life without alcohol and I knew I couldn't go back to drinking the way I did. I was stuck at this middle point and I knew it wouldn't last. ..In the end I choose to not take any concrete actions that would've substantially changed my life for the better and I slipped back into the way I always drank. I had to make that decision for myself though because it eventually proved to me I couldn't moderate. ..My recommendation? Quit entirely there's no way I would've been able to get the fuck out of my own head without it. Even if I were have been able to successfully moderate it would've required so much more effort than I had to give and it would've made me miserable. After all what's the point of moderating if I was just going to obsess about the whole time? I might as well have gotten fucking hammered on the daily. Life without any alcohol gets to be sort of normal after awhile though and it is definitely a better way of living.
I really appreciate the input from both of you so thanks again. I think I'm just going to stop. I found an AA group within walking distance so I'm going to get with them this week. I already have a great support network through friends and family but it certainly doesn't hurt to get all the help you can. I still can't get over the irony that getting a job in a bar is what made me realize I had to make a decision. But I guess when you deal with drunks for a living being one seems much less appealing. Although is working at a bar going to be an issue with AA? I love/need the job and for me personally it doesn't cause any temptation but it does seem pretty strange to have an apprentice bartender in an AA meeting...
You are playing with fire. Go dry! 
