-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26j23w/two_years_sober_today/

I had to quit drinking two years ago. I don't want to share any more than that right now. The first 6 months were pretty rough physically and mentally. Over the last three months I have been tempted to relapse because I do miss that feeling of well-being I would get after the first couple of beers. I was able to resist temptation though. Glad to be sober today. 
----------immediate responses--------

**Bravo!** for two years. Thanks for sharing this milestone.                                       .I don't know your situation but I could not stay sober on my own. The assistance of a counselor and involvement in AA provided the support needed to maintain recovery. These resources also made easier and more fun to be sober. I found other ways to have "that feeling of well-being" so alcohol no longer appeared attractive..I hope this happens for you too. 
CONGRATS! What an awesome accomplishment. ..Have a great and sober day :) Eat your fav meal and fav sweet if you're so inclined! 
Congrats. I am hoping to be there with you someday!
Congrats! Two years feels like another life I bet...I hear you a bit on wanting that temptation to go back to normal. If I'm missing a feeling if well being what do I need to do to create that outside of drinking? You know?..The fear that kept me sober at first doesn't work day to day in living my life now. For me meditation &amp;amp; yoga are big things that help me get that feeling. Headstands leave me super relaxed. It may not be that for you but there will be something. I hope you find it soon!
Congratulations! Very proud of your accomplishment!
Congratulations on 2 years GAT.
Congratulations! Looking forwards to the day when I can proudly announce the same thing :) 
Just hit two years myself.  I totally understand the feeling.  Keep on trucking! 
Awesome! That's a long time. I'm just starting the long journey of sobriety myself and you're right; it's pretty difficult at times. Slowly day by day it gets easier. Thanks for your post. It's always great seeing people on here who can succeed in fighting against the struggle we all face.
congrats!.
That is a long time w/o a drink...Congrats!..Sometimes when I think back to the 2~3 beer euphoria it helps to remember the 2~3 day hangovers I used to get.
Congratulations on your two years. Now the real work starts hehehe :D
Congrats.   ..
Congrats
Nicely done sir. 
[deleted]
Thanks everyone. Your support and kind words mean a lot!
[deleted]
Congratulations!
Glad you're here and congrats.
Grand job my friend
You rock! I am humbled in your presence!
