-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26jjcm/ive_been_an_alcoholic_for_most_of_my_adult_life/

i drank this past saturday and ended up doing some amazingly stupid shit. i wont go into details about it...now ive been a drinker for the better part of my adult life. i started drinking on my 20th birthday and that was a rare occasion when i did go out. when i turned 21 it was game on drink whenever i had the chance. by the time i was 25 i had lost jobs and relationships to boozing but i still championed on i just found other jobs (one of which was a cd counselor) and new friends that were drinkers themselves. i caught my first dwi 28 or so i cant remember anymore and spent the next 5 years jobless friendless broke and miserable but i still kept drinking although i managed in this span to pursue a 1 year technical program diploma and graduate with a 3.6 gpa. this past january i ended up finally taking care of a warrant that stemmed from the dwi charge and only spent 8 days in jail after dodging it for years. im 34 now and this past february after my jail was done i decided to finally get my license back and put my diploma to use only to grow increasingly frustrated that i couldnt find employment in my area and the heavy drinking started again. march i decided i was done but couldnt quit so i switched to just beer and after a 12 pack i would get frustrated that i was only catching a buzz. i guess years of pounding back liters of whiskey makes your tolerance pretty high. ..now here i am today sober since i woke up yesterday. i realize im going to die or kill somebody if i dont quit thats something ive known for a while. i happened to catch an old buddy of mine online and we started having a chat. now she struggles with mental health issues and after our chat she told me im very similar to her and her actions and i should probably go see a mental health specialist. im a cynical drunk im the guy that turns everything into a negative. im the party pooper. im also the guy that cant wait for somebody to get out of line so i can be the first one to get violent with them although i have rarely initiated the violence first but i have and when i did it got messy fast and it was in telling my buddy this is when she basically told me to snap out of it and do something about it. so today is the day im finally going to get my act together. i dont like ruining relationships i dont like fighting i dont like being broke when im sober. tomorrow i plan on making a appt with a therapist or something maybe even a psychologist and see if there isnt underlying mental health issues here as well...sorry about the wall of text i just happened to come across this place from the alcoholism section and it seemed like a good place to try and get a start at doing something about my problem.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Welcome welcome! You my friend are in the right place consider finding this sub a HUGE advantage so early. People here are wicked smartvery compassionate willing to help even when that means calling you on your bullshit. To add to that we all use different methods because recovery is not one size fits all. My recommendation which mirrors many here is to have a plan/program to follow get peer support check in here and check often this forum is a resource I never imagined possible when I tried to get sober 11 years ago when there effectively wasn't any social media. I was 7 months sober when I found SD and it has quickly become the best way for me to stay active in the recovery community. I receive guidance and encouragement to stay sober and have been sober long enough to begin to help others which is truly amazing. In the depths of the hell alcoholism led me I am making daily strides away from it and picking up folks along the way...Let us know what we can do to help!
[deleted]
Last year in March was when I knew something was going on upstairs in my head too.  ..&gt; im the guy that turns everything into a negative. im the party pooper. im also the guy that cant wait for somebody to get out of line so i can be the first one to get violent with them although i have rarely initiated the violence first..I was flat broke last year and thought that I could recycle all of my beer cans for money.  When I stepped outside there was a man digging through my trash and my rage hit the roof.   I walked up behind him and threw him to the ground and was about to beat the crap out of him then he began screaming.  Like a little boy he began crying....he was mentally ill and a little slow.  He couldn't talk it was just babble.  I stood there looking at him and my world was going crazy.  Then May 25th of last year I went into a 30 day program.  Best thing I have ever done. ..I had  a little relapse in April of this year but I am back on track.  That line of thinking has been far removed from my head and it is so freeing.  To not think about ripping someones head off and instead think about how I can help them was something that I thought I would never be able to do. Or keeping my mouth shut when people are saying stupid things.  Or being present in a conversation.  To see the good in the world and not the bad.  All of this happened when I got sober.  ...To step in the rooms of AA and know that I am not alone with my emotions was the best thing ever for me.  AA meetings for me far out weight all the therapy I have ever paid for...We are here for you and let us know if you need anything...~Tex..P.S. -Congrats on a day sober!
Welcome /u/windofpazuzu to r/stopdrinking.  There are already lots of smart comments on the sub but I try to welcome every newcomer with this observation built on my own experience of stopping drinking and getting sober so this is what I did and what I still do to get and stay sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet...3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...We will be here on /r/stopdrinking to support you as long as you need us as a resource. Please check the resources on the sidebar too--------------&gt; over there...I hope you keep sharing with us as you do the whole sober path.
I also ended up on /r/stopdrinking after clicking through from /r/alcohol. ..The posts here really inspired me to try to stop drinking. I have been dry for more than a month now and have not felt so good in ages thanks to this community. ..I hope you also feel similarly inspired and move on to a new phase of your life. You have taken the first step by posting here so keep it up!..
