-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26la3q/sick_and_tired/

Yesterday I returned from a walking holiday one which always includes extended sessions of heavy drinking with friends. I had a great time saw some fantastic views and drank a lot. I went into the holiday tired from not sleeping properly largely because of drink and I returned even more tired as a result of both drink and physical exhaustion from the walking...Today I have a day leave from work partly to recuperate partly to catch up on some chores and partly to get onto BTFC. But last night I had a few more drinks about one and a half bottles of wine and my wife slept in the spare room because of my snoring. Today I am tired feel sick (have thrown up once or twice already) and lack any motivation to do anything. I'm sick and tired and I'm sick and tired of this shit...In a few months I need to be fit and healthy enough to walk 106km in aid of Cancer Research a cause I strongly believe in. At the moment I think I'd struggle to do half of that. So lets get to it. This is my day one.
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you. ..I highly recommend staying completely sober while training for this walk. You'll train better and you'll recover better. And guess what ... being a former drunk is actually quite good preparation for feats of endurance like this. If you've ever powered through the most rancid of hangovers you'll have an idea what you'll feel like after the twentieth hour of walking ;p
Welcome /u/GotMittens --aren't you one of our regulars from last year?  Maybe just a similar username?  If you've seen my standard "greeting" I apologize for being redundant but this is what I did and what I still do to get and stay sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet!..3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...We will be here on SD to support you as you go along.
Hello and welcome! You are obviously not a normal drinker and are poisoning your body with alcohol.  Your decision to stop now before things get worse is wise. With the help of a counselor and AA involvement I have maintained sobriety one day at a time. I wish you the best. Take care of yourself. 
