-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26mall/struggling_with_the_final_push/

Hi r/stopdrinking ..I'm a 22 year old student majoring in computer science I play sports (lacrosse/tennis) and I'm diagnosed ADHD. My parents barely drink my maternal grandparents are both alcoholics and my maternal grandfather is diagnosed bippolar on top of that. I however drink often. It has affected me greatly since I began college 4 years ago...All of my life I have been praised for my intelligence. I went to college on an academic scholarship from my ACT score and essentially partied it away. Since then I've only had one semester of college that could really be considered *good* grade wise. Before the "good" semester I was at a lacrosse party and blacked out. I blacked in on a curb talking to a police officer with a large bump on my head. One 600 dollar ambulance ride later I woke up in the hospital. I spent that entire semester sober until my 21st birthday (~75 days). ..Since then I've gained about 30 lbs of excess weight(200 to 230 I'm 6'). I drink 4-5 days a week for some strange fear that I'm not going to be able to sleep. Even though my parents and SO know that I drink I often hide from drinking in my room or attempting to talk to my SO on the phone and claim (I'm a shitty liar) that I haven't been drinking. ..I have spent time sober in the past and I understand how successful I was then. I am just having trouble making that final push into abstaining from alcohol in general. I am living at home in an internship right now. I do have a problem with free time - it is for sure one of my triggers. ..Any advice would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

welcome /u/dildocave to /r/stopdrinking--Your post reminds me of one of those things that I could never manage all that well while I was still drinking--talk like a normal person after I've been drinking.  There have been a couple of occasions sober where I've had that same sensation of the sort of mush-mouth and then overly-articulated effort to sound straight.  Glad to be over that for sure.  So it sounds like you know how to stop drinking--this is what I did to get SOBER and stay SOBER feel free to use it or not if you think it can be of any assistance to you:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet!..3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...We will be here on SD to support you as you go along.
If you don't want to drink you have to change your patterns and habits. This means doing sober activities and not being around it. There has to be recovery meetings on or around campus. Check them out; they could change the course of your life.
Cross benefit analysis..... Make a hard copy and edit as you go along...Write down the following in list form:..Write down the best thing that can possibly happen if you continue to drink.Then.Write down the worst things that could possibly happen if you continue to drink.Next page .Write down the best things that could possibly happen if you quit drinking.Then.Write down the worst possible things that could happen to you if you quit...When I say the worst things about continuing I will tell you it never crossed my mind in my wildest dreams I would ever be homeless sleeping in a park...
