-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26n734/here_comes_the_emotional_rollercoaster/

The last few days have been a bit intense.  I guess I'm just at that point.  I stopped myself from smoking pot to deal with a really stressful situation the other night and last night channeled my boredom/desire to do something exciting into creative work rather than booze.  Drinking is not an option in my mind right now and that feels positive.  I know that I will find some other way to deal.  The only risk that I will drink is if I stop thinking one day at a time and decide to let go while on tour (I'm leaving either Thursday or Friday) but I'm hopeful that my tourmate can help keep me accountable...Today the insecurities are popping up like crazy.  I haven't done enough to help with booking this tour.  My merch is going to look terrible next to my friend's (she and her partner make beautiful handmade books -- I am less skilled at precise handiwork).  I haven't been careful enough about how I'm eating.  I'm not going to handle my emotions well while I'm traveling and we're going to get into fights.  I've fallen behind on a collaborative poetry project with my partner.  My songs are stupid.  I can't do anything right.  Underneath it all is the fear that I will relapse again that this sobriety isn't for real that I'm just going to keep trying and failing and hating myself forever that when I start school again this fall I'm going to fuck it up just like I have every other time. ..I want to ask you HOW DO I MAKE THIS GO AWAY??? But I'm pretty sure I already know that the only way to make it go away is to continue every day staying sober having faith and doing my best.  God dammit.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I want to ask you HOW DO I MAKE THIS GO AWAY??? But I'm pretty sure I already know that the only way to make it go away is to continue every day staying sober having faith and doing my best. God dammit...That sounds about right.  I will say that one thing that helped me quite a bit early on with these issues was regular support groups where I could listen and talk in what I felt to be a safe and non-judgmental environment.  I learned a tremendous amount about myself my disease and how I could manage life during those meetings...Last....your feelings?  They are perfectly normal at this point in the game and they will not define your sobriety if you are able to move forward.  Life does get better.  I sincerely hope it does for you.
Totally normal to feel that way at 12 days in meditation helped me A LOT for me it is the Rx for anxiety and depression. At this point if you haven't started peer support in the form of AA or SMART do it. The support of other alcoholics is a powerful tool for your sobriety. Not drinking is 10% not drinking and 90% learning how to live sober other alcoholics are learning to or have learned and can offer a lot of suggestions. Making sober friends is a huge help too. 
btw....what do you sell if I may ask? 
