-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26qwre/struggling_but_with_other_drugs/

I've pretty much identified myself as a teetotaler so completely that I hardly ever think of drinking again but I do still think about other drugs. It's been about 90 days since I quit smoking pot (thanks to /r/leaves yay!) but now today I have a strong desire to just get fucked up. Not off alcohol either but coke something I tried a few times in the past. It's a great high and lasts an hour and I've been debating with myself ALL day on how not to go to my neighbors house where I know they have some and ask for a line...I know this is /r/stopdrinking but I couldn't find a coke thing and regardless I would rather talk to you guys about this because I love you guys...I just moved to a new city in a new state with a friend and I'm supposed to get my own place and start my job next week. I just got my Associate's degree a few weeks ago (YAY) after 7 years of working my ass off. I had to take a drug test which I know I passed for this job but dear god I just want to fucking celebrate and stop being sober for five damn seconds. I am so tired of being clear headed all the time. I want my mind to take a vacation. I'm also thinking how stupid it is of me to even want to do this shit when I could be randomly drug tested and lose everything. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it doesn't matter whether it's alcohol or pot or coke or whatever drug. They all lead to the same place. One line of coke or one toke would lead me right to the first drink. And I know all too well where the first drink takes me. ..&gt;dear god I just want to fucking celebrate and stop being sober for five damn seconds. I am so tired of being clear headed all the time. I want my mind to take a vacation. I'm also thinking how stupid it is of me to even want to do this shit when I could be randomly drug tested and lose everything...Think about your intentions. You want to do coke to escape reality. You've said a random drug test could lead to you losing your brand new job. Is the line of coke (and whatever might come after) really worth it?..Do you have any other support besides this sub? A sober friend to talk to? AA SMART anything?..Best of luck and know that your badge is an inspiration..
As I have heard before if you take one drug you will defenceless against other drugs.  I believe this to be true due to experiences I have had in the past. I think this is the sub you were on about just in case you need it in the future.  Why take a risk and fuck up a good thing.    /r/OpiatesRecovery Congrats on your 508 days that's awesome.
Would it really just be an hour? Or would it open up a whole new can of worms? Play the tape forward and be honest with yourself about what the consequences could be. You already know it's a bad idea especially with the random drug tests. You said it yourself: you could lose everything...How long have you had this craving? Just today? If you wait it out I find these kinds of cravings usually don't last very long...Can you get "high" another way like running dancing taking shots of wheatgrass juice skydiving using a sensory deprivation tank? I don't know what floats your boat but surely there's a way to celebrate and give your mind a bit of a "vacation" without making a seriously regrettable choice.
I tried for a few years to stop drinking but keep using various drugs occasionally. It was pretty miserable. The cravings you describe were a constant issue. It wasn't until I finally quit everything that I was able to recover from that constant irritability and uneasiness. If I picked up some blow today it would put me right back in it. Just realize these cravings pass and you'll make it out alright. Building a network of sober friends had been very important for me. Since you just moved to a new city I would suggest checking out a few meetings and making some new friends who understand what you're dealing with.
Shortly after I accepted the fact that I cannot drink in safety and found hope that I would not drink anymore (aka started going to AA) I thought "*fuck* does that mean I can never do coke again either?" I didn't do coke frequently just during certain parties but I loved that intense rush. It was an insanely high high. For me I know that I would *never* do coke without picking up a drink. The two go hand-in-hand. Also the thing about coke is that it really just makes you want to do more coke.. Like the drug'a main effect is to never be totally content with the high. Not fun!..I know it can feel hard to be trapped with your sober mind. What are you doing to address that part of it?
Coming to a forum like this and saying this stuff out loud (so to speak) instead of keeping it bottled up is great -- you are doing the right thing to work through it...I just hit two years and I still have urges and fantasies sometimes. But I know they won't last forever and I know they don't mean I have to pick up...What I do know is that I was never ever interested in getting just a little fucked up or fucked up only once in a while. One line of coke would really really suck for me -- I'd want to keep going really really badly. So I'm for sure better off not getting into that situation.  ..Also - speaking from experience - coke is specifically one of the worst drugs in this way -- it's one that people crave more of almost immediately and that makes them fiend out. Like much more than booze or pot on average. ..Not saying there is a better choice I definitely think just working through this without acting out is the best choice...Feelings change and this too shall pass -- hang in there and you're doing the right thing by coming here to let it out! 
I am concerned that you are going to get hit with a powerful urge to drink if you do coke. Second issue here is that you are simply substituting a new drug into your craving cycle. What does that accomplish and where does it end? Take a step back. The coke is a really bad idea.
can't offer words of wisdom but I'm in the same boat (albeit much earlier in my sobriety!)...In the absence of alcohol I've been thinking about *all sorts* of other narcotics... ..In a way I'm lucky because I'm in a new country with no connects. But then addicts always find a way right? Which is why I'm simply not allowing myself to go anywhere near the places that I know I'll likely be able to score. Just in case!
