-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/273otu/its_been_one_day_i_want_to_be_held_accountable_so/

Hey Stopdrinking! I have lurked this sub for quite a long time and only now am I getting the guts to take care of what needs to happen..I come from a long line of Irish-American alcoholics with mental illness running rampant through the whole family tree. I was straight edge in high school for fear of turning into my parents who black out every single night. I know now that this left me with a ton of codependency issues which ultimately resulted in me marrying an emotionally abusive manipulative and controlling narcissist when I was 22. I broke edge on my honeymoon I was hungover when I got married and I didn't really stop after that...For the first couple years I kept it together. He dropped the act of remotely giving a shit about me and I turned to alcohol all together to numb myself. He was so angry and awful all the time my anxiety blew up and I wound up with thinning hair an eating disorder hands so shaky I couldn't eat in front of people and a desperate need to have a drink the second I got home from work in an attempt to get rid of the ball of bitterness in my chest. At this point I was drinking about 1-2 drinks a night on top of never eating and always stress-puking...I finally left that jerk last spring packed my cats in my little hatchback car and drove the 2000 miles back to my hometown. I had to stay with my parents which meant I started drinking even more every night. The first few months I was back I was passing out drunk every night...I met a boy who swept me off my feet. He was also Irish and also came equipped with a list of mental issues a mile long. Also the survivor of a similarly miserable marriage he and I clung to each other the moment we met. Six months later his lease was up and I was desperate to get my cats away from my mom (who has this disturbing history of killing animals and claiming she didn't) so we moved in together. Everyone knew we were moving too fast including us but we were head over heels for each other..The first few months were heaven. We both took care of each other understood each other and it was like two abused little kids trying to help one another along...Then we started drinking even more. There are a thousand stories I could tell about how our lives became more difficult but for the sake of my remote anonymity I'll sum it up by saying we were both severely using alcohol as a crutch. He had developed a ton of resentment toward me and as an army vet was ill-equipped to talk feelings and sort it out. I had developed a ton of resentment towards him because years of being married to an asshole meant I knew when someone was hiding things from me and lying to me...He got a new job that happened to have a bar on location. From week one he was staying out until the bar shut down ignoring my texts and phone calls and not coming home until only an hour or two before I left for work. We were living on opposite schedules not communicating and drinking our weight separately in vodka and beer. We had several blow-out fights over the next few months which involved alcohol on one or both sides; the worst of which resulted in me breaking a bone in my hand and fracturing a knuckle when I punched a door (the door won). I lost one of my jobs as a result because it was an art position and I broke my dominant hand. In the meantime he was overdrafting my bank account multiple times a week running up bar tabs that I knew he wasn't drinking alone...Things came to a head April 30th when I found that he had broken pretty much all of the boundary-rules I had made in the beginning of the relationship mostly as a result of being drunk and making stupid extremely selfish and passive-aggressive decisions. I have a ton of trauma in my history and to break my trust regarding other females broke my heart as well...I left. I have had to pack up find my own apartment and rebuild for the second time in a year and a half. I drank very heavily for the past month and mostly wallowed in self-pity. He and I have started talking again because we were best friends and partners in life all of last year and we both miss each other very deeply. We were both unable to sleep or eat during our "no contact" weeks and we are both able to function more properly now. ..We have decided to go to counseling because we both still love each other and recognize that not only did we move too fast but we also were completely unequipped to make a relationship stay afloat. Our first session I explained everything and said "if you tell me right now that our relationship will never function if we are both drinking I will stop immediately." The counselor instantly told me that at least for now that is the case. There is a ton of hurt and betrayal that to move past is like trying to shoot for the weak spot on the Death Star and our R2-D2 is going to be our sobriety...I decided to make it official June 1st. I have gone from 5-6 drinks a night to not having anything last night. I couldn't sleep I was weirdly sweaty all night I had nightmares and shivers. This morning I still feel out of sorts but I know it's for the best. My sister and my dad are trying to make it through June sober with me however my mom did nothing but offer me alcohol 5 times in 3 hours yell at me defend her drinking repeatedly without me ever mentioning it and then make excuses like "well Father's Day is this month and there's no point in me stopping when there's a holiday coming up."..I am aware that ultimately I have to take responsibility for myself and not just blame alcohol or all the assholes in my life that have enabled me to use it as a crutch. The best relationship I have ever had with a boy I still truly believe was made for me was nailed shut by our mutual alcoholism. (By the way he is cutting back too although not quitting and he has told his coworkers to hold him accountable.) I go to work hungover every morning I empty my wallet on drinking and I start so early in the day that I never get anything else done because it kills my motivation...I bought a nice tea infusing set on Saturday and every time I have wanted to drink I make tea instead. I have a list I have posted on my fridge with alternative activities: go for a bike ride exercise paint pray etc. I am very proud of myself for not drinking yesterday and I am really hoping the withdrawals get easier here pretty soon. I don't really have an accountability group but I hope my sister and dad stick with it. I doubt y dad will because since my mom won't stop he pretty much is hiding from her in the evenings so she won't push it on him. I am making June my official "self-improvement month" and taking the steps I should've taken last spring to being a whole solitary person before I get into a relationship with someone equally as broken as I am. Whatever happens I am 26 and I need to finally learn how to be happy and healthy by myself without making excuses or looking for happiness in boys and bottles...Sorry if that was long (also typing on a phone) I just felt it would help to post here with so many other people going through the same struggle. Struggle is definitely what it is - it is 6am and I am wishing there was vodka or whiskey in my coffee...TL;DR: Irish kid from a long line of alcoholics ruined marriage ruined relationships broken hand inability to function without alcohol; going cold-turkey for the month of June in order to get my life back.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story. I can relate. And I am pulling for you. What helped me after many years of trying various modes of "swearing off" and "quitting" etc. was finding other people engaged in the same struggle to associate with. For me trying to do it alone was an utter failure. I needed to hang with the winners and doing that and learning from them was all the difference for me. Good luck.
[deleted]
Welcome /u/Devilinmyblood to r/stopdrinking. You and I have the whole Irish dysfunctional family thing going on.  You sound like you have your head on straight particularly in the sense that you can perceive the need for boundaries.  This will serve you well in recovery from alcoholism.  I did these things and this is what I still do to GET and to STAY sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet...3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol. If I can frame each day by that first morning decision then I can take alcohol out of my movie for one day. One day at a time I got sober...I look forward to seeing your posts and comments as we go along our sober path.  Good luck.
Impressive post considering you are doing it on a phone! You are in the right place you already knew that though from lurking very glad to see you out of the shadows it's a lot nicer in the warm sun bunch of super cool people here who have worked or are working on the same things and we strongly believe and know from first hand experience this journey for us is not meant to do alone. Even of we did get here alone we recognize the value of help and understanding making things easier for us and lucky for you easier for us to be able to help you through the perils of our past along with the triumphs of our experience. ..So welcome! Please let us know how we can help you!
I do hope in time you will discover that there are people in you life that you can turn to. When I got sober a little over 9 months ago it was 3 weeks after moving to a new city so I felt I had no one either I leaned heavily on AA and made the only sober friends I have here the longer I was sober my family relationships began to return I started volunteering I joined a few groups off of  meetup.com things are in general much better now. As others here say just have to keep putting one foot in front of the other.
