-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/278qkj/day_15_and_still_kicking_trying_to_get_to_know/

Hello All.  Day 15 here and I'm feeling pretty good.  So far I've been avoiding tempting situations to the best of my ability despite the fact that my house still contains alcohol.  (My husband refuses to remove alcohol from the house he says my problem isn't his problem)  I'm attending some AA meetings and getting to know people in the program.  I'm really struggling with the concept of a Higher Power.  I was raised in a very conservative Christian family and when God/Higher Power is mentioned I think of the God of my childhood.  I definitely do NOT believe in that.  I'm not sure how that will work out for me. ..Tonight I'm getting together with one of my sponsor's other sponsees who lives about 2 minutes from my house.  She has been sober for over a year so I'm hoping we can get to know each other.  It would be great to have a friend close by that doesn't drink.  We'll see how dinner goes.  ..Keep on kicking friends.  One day at a time.  
----------immediate responses--------

the great thing about AA is your higher power can be anything as long as it isnt you. I am a pretty staunch atheist for me my higher power is the universe at large. I know there is a force out there that controls the laws of physics how everything works and that force works without any input or control or guidance from me. For me in my experience the higher power is meant to get me out of my own head to get out of the solipsistic worldview I had and to realize there was very little in the world I actually controlled I was but a tiny little cog in this great big universe.
I have similar troubles with my higher power. God was never a part of my childhood so I was bewildered with how/where to start. I talked with my sponsor last night as we were discussing step three. He drew a good analogy about flipping on a light. He asked me how the light turns on after I flip the switch. Basically the point was that it is a process (electrical company providing electricity house being wired me paying the bill the circuit connecting stuff like that). The God of your understanding is the light getting to know him is a process. I finally got on my knees to pray this morning and feel like I can keep doing that twice a day as my first step in the process. Not sure if that makes sense or helps. Best of luck on your journey!
Hey great update /u/NonnyMouse69 --I have a Higher Power "not of my understanding."  I say that I am an agnositic/sometimes atheist and when I chose a Higher Power to help me with sobriety I embraced my limited intelligence and understanding of the universe and hence a power so awesome that my brain is incapable of comprehending it.  My concept is reflected in all of us as the idea and spirit of God humanity nature and infinity.  
My higher power can be as simple as the entire group of folks at any given AA meeting!  In other words;  to me it has nothing to do with the Bible.
Born and raised Roman Catholic I also rejected the idea of a fatherly figure calling the shots from up there. My superior power flows with the force of life and would appear secular for many. I call it God nonetheless so it's simpler to communicate with others. Not to mention that most prayers make perfect sense to me as ways of living with some decency. Stick around and you will find your own path.
Day 81. I'm struggling with the concept of a "Higher Power".
You might want to get a new husband if he is that helpful and that respectful of your needs.  That however is nothing more than my opinion..Try not to fuss about the "higher power" thing and particularly the "god thing".  With sobriety comes clarity and also a sense of purpose.  Believing in a higher power who guides and takes care of us helps many people get sober.  I can't play that game it just is not for me.  AA puts a heavy emphasis on it which I do not need.  Go with your own sense of who you are and where you want to go not somebody else's.  If you believe in a god that will help you... this may come true.  If you don't then you don't need it to be sober.  I have no higher power but I certainly have a higher purpose than getting drunk and enriching the brewers of the world.  I am seeking my lost humanity which I threw away when I became a beer drinking juggernaut.
You've got your whole life to find out who God is. Maybe looking at religious / spiritual people and finding out about what they have that you want. The deeply spiritual people I know are always very humble quiet reserved and strong. Take that poor woman in the Sudan who gave birth to a child while she was in chains and on death row. That's power.
&gt; I'm really struggling with the concept of a Higher Power.  I was raised in a very conservative Christian family and when God/Higher Power is mentioned I think of the God of my childhood.  I definitely do NOT believe in that.  ..There is no need or request anywhere in the 12 steps for a person to define what a power greater than themselves is.  People who relate otherwise are not thoroughly familiar with the steps.  There are however many prompts to define what that power **is not**.  So congratulations you're well on your way.  Little more than a continuous whittling away what a *spiritual* power greater than yourself is *not* is required...
I was told I didn't need to make God a condition of my sobriety and haven't found a need to yet. I had faith from the people I had met and with what little suggestions I had taken that working the steps could lead to a life better than what I had been living. A friend of mine referred to himself as the praying athiest and opened my mind to some new ideas. I wouldn't worry too much on the higher power thing. Things have gotten much simpler for me and I try to keep it that way and not worry about defining everything. The network I've built in AA and the steps became my higher power early on and I've found no reason to have to change it.
Were I you my struggle would not be with a higher power but with your husband. His refusal to help you live in a healthier environment is wildly disrespectful. I re read that statement three times "did I actually just read that?" If I didn't have kids at home (and I don't) I would have packed my shit and left. His refusal is saying "you may give a shit about your life but I don't have to support you desire or willingness to recover." ..I am an atheist I am a believer in AA I encourage participation. Here's the thing how could you believe or have faith in an unseen power greater than yourself "to restore you to sanity" when the flesh and blood you share real estate has no interest in your recovery?
Seems as if the Higher Power seems to be a sticking point for lots of folks just starting out in AA because a lot of members do use a God as theirs...I usually tell beginners a Higher Power has nothing to do with religion it is simply and basically any power greater than yourself. A very easy suggestion for a higher power is the power of the community as opposed to you on your own...You are looking for sobriety and support the AA community is also doing that both for themselves and for you.  Good for you for socializing with other AA's.  ..  Sorry your spouse is not being very supportive - in a marriage one partner's problem should hopefully be both partners problem. Saddens me to read about his rather callous attitude...Keep on keepin' on.
I'm an atheist in AA: my HP started off with a simple visualization of a giant molten rock 2/3rd covered with water populated by 7.2 billion hairless apes. It is freeing to look at a population counter each morning...With the spouse it sounds like you have your hands full.  It is regretable because my wife was such a huge part of my recovery.  Plus she's my best friend so my recovery had a huge impact on OUR recovery.  We're all behind you!.
Don't worry developing a higher power of your understanding is going to take time. It's a process. You just need to have a higher power that's caring loving and it's will for you is good. Beyond that it can be anything you wish...Struggling to develop a concept of a higher power is not uncommon. You will find that many members had the same experience.
[deleted]
My first realization of a higher power was recognizing that I wasn't engaging my full capacities for rational thought. I could do much better. There was a higher power lying dormant within myself. As I accumulated sober time I started to look beyond myself and I saw an amazing and ever expanding universe that was real and way beyond my limited scope of influence and understanding. I've surrendered to the experience of wonder. 
[Not an athiest](http://imgur.com/qu8fUgi) by Albert Einstein helped me quite a bit.  
If you can get beyond that maybe AA will help you. For me that is not possible. I'm doing great in Smart Recovery which has no higher power or spiritual awakening program. I knew I was never going to have one. The only important thing is to get and stay sober and be happy. You can do that in a number of ways. So if AA turns out to be not for you realize there are many other approaches. Good luck to you! :)
