-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27d9dn/to_reset_my_badge_or_not_reset/

So I have (or had) 13 days with no alcohol...I went to the pub with some workmates to see a former colleague who I hadn't seen since his father's funeral last week...We stayed for about 40 minutes. I had a Coke Zero and then was feeling a bit awkward without an alcoholic drink - so I ordered a light (low alcohol) beer...I had about a third of it and didn't want the rest so I left it the rest when we left...Now I'm not sure if I've "broken" my sobriety. ..I'm not particularly dogmatic about these sorts of things -- when I was sober (or "sober" depending on your definition) several years ago I'd take communion wine or drink lemon lime & bitters without considering it a slip. I also would occasionally take a small mouthful if I had to toast at a wedding etc.  ..I also (tonight at least) avoided all the things which caused me to want to stop drinking in the first place -- the shitty behaviour the blackouts the money spending and eating crappy fast food. ..Having said that I didn't plan on drinking at all tonight and I feel intensely uncomfortable about what happened...At the very least I need to evaluate what happened tonight why I did what I did and how I can do things differently going forward...I am also possibly getting too hung up on my day count -- while it's motivating in a lot of ways a relapse (big or small) which causes a reset is not an excuse to go back to old behaviour -- it's a chance to learn from experience and improve...So /r/stopdrinking -- should I reset my badge or not? And does it even matter?..Edit - thank you everyone for your advice.  I've decided to reset my badge -- see my comment below.
----------immediate responses--------

I'd be more concerned about your feeling the need to have a drink in your hand in order to feel comfortable than the badge. Personally I don't think that a sip of beer calls for a reset but honestly the only person in the world who cares about your badge is you. ..What's your plan for next time? It'd probably be wise to avoid bars in general. As we all know it's easy for one sip to turn into a binge.
My take:  if your goal was to not drink you drank on purpose with full knowledge of what you were doing. Obviously it's your call on the reset but if I were in the same situation I would. And as you said it's a chance to learn from the experience. What did you learn? 
[deleted]
Your sobriety is yours.  Don't let anyone else tell you how you should achieve it.  Take suggestions of course and be mindful of other's experiences but if watching the little number climb is helping you keep from self-destructive behaviors let it climb.  Too many people seem to think there's one route applicable to all.  There is one truth but there are many many paths.
I'd reset for what it's worth especially given it wasn't just an accident. As a reminder to myself what can happen if I let my guard down ...
Thank you everyone for your advice. ..Even though this slip didn't result in any disasters my goal is total abstinence and I broke it.  So I've decided to reset my badge...Instead of beating myself up I'm going to learn from this.  And I'm going to look forward to getting to Day 14 (and beyond) this time. Let's see if I can beat my high score!
I learned at the outset: "dry people dry places in early sobriety."
Good for you for owning up to the situation and "confessing" and getting advice about it. I think you did the right thing in bringing attention to it acknowledging your mistake and moving on. Takes a lot of courage to do that and also shows that you are committed to getting sober. We are all in this together and we are going to have some fuck ups along the way. Cheers and best of luck!
