-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27eb8v/90_days_in_treatment/

Hi all..My story is not that different than yours.  I let alcohol take control of my life my choices and my actions.  It got to a point where I had no power....I knew that I had a problem with alcohol many many years ago but didn't do too much about it.  Went to AA here and there.  Quit my job to unsuccessfully control the drinking and started going to AA a little more but couldn't string more than 2-3 days of sobriety in a row.  The best I was able to manage in the last 5 years was 7 days without drinking.  At it's worst I would drink 3-5 days continuously without leaving my apartment eating or showering.. just drink after drink....So I checked myself into a drug and alcohol treatment center earlier this year.  I completed the 90 day program earlier this week and it is the single best descision I've made in the last 10 years.  I lived in a regular sized house with 10 other addicts (alcohol coke/crack heroin meth pills etc) we managed the upkeep of the house the chores cooking cleaning ourselves.  We had group sessions twice a day Mon-Thr and only in the morning on Friday ..and had weekends off.  Mandatory AA meetings every night.  It was very structured and has a zero tolerance policy....Some guys have been there for more than 3 months (6 months 9 months) as their families/wives are not ready to have them back or they themselves are not ready in their recovery.  I saw people leave within the first few days of getting there because of their cravings or because they were not ready for recovery some left in the first few weeks for similar reasons some relapsed while there and got kicked out and many relapsed after they got out.... some of whom are still drunk and using (one had 100+ day sober and we haven't seen him in 2+ weeks another who had 100+ days and spent $10K in a week and haven't seen him in over a month)  I saw men come in with jaundice so bad that their eyes and skin were bright yellow people come in from the hospital in diapers because their bodies had given out a couple of guys who had to relearn how to walk and write because of their sordid state or seizures while they tried to stop drinking on their own at home a guy who had drank so much that he was in a coma in the hospital and when he came into the house he was given 40 days to live... he's now over 120 days clean and doing well...	.I learned:...* What makes an alcoholic powerless.  Why we get obsessed with drinking the 'allergic' reaction that occurs in the body that causes us to crave more...* The process the body undergoes when it breaks down metabolizes and assimilates alcohol (disease concept of alcohol).  The effects of alcohol/cocaine/heroin on the body and the mind...* The THIQ in the brain and why I can't ever have another drink...* Defects of Character which one needs to work on daily..* Control and Self Discipline..* Relapse Warning Signs..* Symptoms Leading to Relapse..* How to avoid Relapse..* 12 Things that Sabotage Sobriety..* Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms (PAWS)..* Managing PAWS..* Dry Drunk Syndrome..* About Spiritual Growth..* Forgiveness/Patience/Fear/Anger/Honesty..* Emotional Mastery..* About Depression..Most importantly I started working the 12 steps.  And in working those they really showed me how I see the world with a very biased and colored lens and how through drinking the lens got more distorted.  It's helped me let go of a great many things which I had been holding on to.  I'm fine without alcohol in my life and after seen and experiencing the other guys relapse I know that if I pick up another drink I won't stop....I have a lot of gratitude and thankfulness for life for others and for this experience.  I'm also very grateful for the online #stopdrinking chat group for the days and nights chatting through relapses and recovery and the movie nights on Fri and Sat.  I'm still very much a baby in sobriety and have a life-long journey ahead but I'm so very glad to be sober..  as someone else on /r/StopDrinking had put it "I not where I want to be yet but I know I'm not where I used to be"....Just wanted to share.  Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. Thanks for sharing. 
thanks for posting
Great update so glad to see you posting.
Thank you for this inspirational and informative post. 
Great post.  Can you recommend any reading material that has some of the info you listed/learned?  
Your post gave me goosebumps. It's like "seeing the lights come on" through a post. Congrats for your concession and realizations. One day at a time we can do this together. 
Thanks so much for sharing...I'm going into a 28 day inpatient in the next week or two. This really helps reinforce my decision...Good luck. It sounds like you have all the components you need to be successful...Keep us updated!
Thanks for sharing.  I'm glad you're here and sober today.  
I'm currently in a VA 30 day inpatient program. On week one and learning a lot of the same things. Stay strong. You can do it. If you ever have those triggers remember Thought Stopping before the cravings begin. And we all are always here for you. One day at a time. 
This is an amazing post! I completed a 9 month DOC mandated intensive inpatient treatment when I got in trouble.  I did 8 months in jail 9 months rehab(Nexus program located in Mongana) then 11 months of pre-release. The program was intense because if you didn't comply they simply sent you to prison.  It was an amazing program and works wonders if you want it to.  It's a "therapeutic community"  so it's really hard to adjust.  I applaud your post man because I know how that is. I loved it so much but at the same time it was the hardest thing in my entire life  besides trying to use drugs and manage my life.  It truly saved my life and I have never been happier!..Edit: posted this from my phone so there may be weird typos! .. I hope you are able to stay sober  I've done things sober and had a blast that I wouldn't even try to do if I was using because I just want to get high.  Feel free to message me anytime.  I'm only 27 but put myself through the ringer! Inspirational!! 
I am finishing roughly six weeks in a residential program and am going a bit nutso...your program does not seem as bad but I cannot imagine doing 90 days in a highly structured inpatient program. My program is pretty open (car unmonitored rooms) but it still feels so safe and insular.
