-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27f7kb/day_2/

Just woke up first thing I told myself was "I'm staying sober today". .As soon as I told myself that I started feeling very anxious and in a way scared..I'm having breakfast now and going to go for walk to try and take my mind off of things..I'm trying to keep my spirits high but looking at the time while having a cup of tea realizing it's only 8:30am and a whole day of temptation and struggle Is ahead of me...Today is going to be a tough day
----------immediate responses--------

Go to a meeting!  Any meeting!
I just went for a 1 hour jog which helped me focus on the task at hand and keep positive..After my jog I have been reading through the posts to keep me positive as well. Seeing all the encouraging replies to people keeping them going keeps me happy as well..It's still only early in the day but I'm feeling positive that I can conquer today and get through sober..Thank you guys.
All right let us know how it goes. ..Stay hydrated and eat anything your heart desires. You'll jog it off tomorrow. 
Good for you /u/Echoside- --go to bed SOBER win a daily victory over alcohol.  
First off good for you. Secondly I can relate. I had my last drink Sunday night. As usual I woke up miserable on Monday and dragged myself into work. That's when I decided to join this subreddit. Simply posting that it was my first day and I was looking for encouragement was literally enough to light a fire under me. I went to bed with clear eyes on Monday. ..Tuesday morning while I didn't jump out of bed and break into song I felt better than the day before. I think I might have woken up with a smile. I came into work with a few new comments on this thing and that gave me the courage to say "I won't drink today." I'm finding out that that's really all it takes and it's repeated on here a lot: "I won't drink TODAY."..So stay focused and keep busy.
Thanks guys..I am about to start work now I have kept busy all morning to keep my mind off of alcohol and hopefully can do the same at work..Appreciate all the positive feedback
