-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27mj82/my_first_sober_game_night_in_i_dont_know_how_long/

So we went over to a friend's house last night for a birthday party.  It was just a small group of 6 adults gathering to play Cards against Humanity a game that my husband and I introduced to the host couple.  The hosts knew I'm going through recovery and they were extremely supportive and didn't drink. My husband had about 3 beers which was distracting and challenging but I can't do anything about that.  He was the only one of the 6 of us who drank...and we had an absolute blast.  It was 4 hours of laughing until we cried choked and laughed again.  And I remember it this morning.  I don't have a headache (ok strike that.  I kinda have a headache but that is because I'm not used to staying up until 3am anymore!) from a hangover and I got to enjoy the evening without waking up feeling like I probably embarrassed my husband or myself upset someone or lost friends.  This is a good feeling.  ..Today my husband is going to a graduation party by himself because I know the group of friends that will be there all drink heavily.  He is going to talk to that group of friends and make them aware of my current situation of early sobriety before they come to my house for a deck party later in June.  I'm not sure how I feel about that.  What if I slip and I drink again...I worry that everyone I told about me being sober will be mad and disapointed if I make a mistake.  I feel so fragile and new right now that I definitely don't feel confident in my long term goals.  I'm firmly taking one day at a time.  Do I intend to drink again? No.  But I need to accept that I'm human and I have a problem.  A problem that tells me every day that I DON'T have a problem.  ..So the issue is: Do I let everyone know I'm an alcoholic and have to deal with the embarrassment and possible alienation from friends I care about?  I don't know. Maybe this doesn't make sense...but it is something I'm struggling with.  So far only my immediate family on my mother's side and my closest friends know I've accepted I'm an alcoholic and I'm working on recovering.  I don't think I'm ready for it to be widespread knowledge.  ..TL;DR: Cards Against Humanity is a hilarious game for terrible people...but they don't have to be drunk people.  
----------immediate responses--------

The time in my life where I did not let people know about my sobriety I found the hardest to be sober. Now that my friends know they cater our outings towards my sobriety or at least let me know there's going to be alcohol.
&gt; Do I let everyone know I'm an alcoholic and have to deal with the embarrassment and possible alienation from friends I care about? I don't know. Maybe this doesn't make sense...but it is something I'm struggling with. So far only my immediate family on my mother's side and my closest friends know I've accepted I'm an alcoholic and I'm working on recovering. I don't think I'm ready for it to be widespread knowledge...I let my consistent sober daily actions do the talking.  I do all my talking about struggling to get sober and stay sober in my AA meetings.  That's where I got help and support not from uncomprehending family and friends.  The reason that I don't talk about sobriety is that I don't want to add to the pressure on me and I need to acknowledge to myself that my words and promises were previously pretty empty.  My actions always spoke louder than my words in any event. 
Wow I could so relate to all of this!..I have been attending a friend's house for Friday nights of Cards Against Humanity since early sobriety. I informed them I don't drink but I haven't gotten too deep into the reason *why* (some of them must assume because they used to see what a mess I was). I was pleasantly surprised when another couple was also not drinking just because they didn't want to! I am also always amazed at how *slowly* the drinkers drink. My friend sat on 2 glasses of straight tequila for like 3.5 hours (who does that?!) and another friend drank 1 beer in 2 hours... WTF?! Besides my all-too-keen observations of alcohol it's always a *blast!* It's nice to know that I can have fun sober too...Anyways deck party... are you me? I used to love throwing a good deck party! Alcohol is flowing and I don't have to drive! Yikes... Today I can't imagine how those days felt physically. I must have been tired groggy out of it dehydrated and extremely low energy. It sounds like you are pretty nervous about this deck party. Maybe it's too early? Or maybe you just need a really solid plan for a sober deck party. Tell a few close friends and have an accountability buddy. Maybe make yourself a fabulous summer juice drink (I'm not a proponent of mocktails but [these](http://www.bhg.com/recipes/drinks/wine-cocktails/mocktails/#page=3) recipes seem to be pretty much summer-friendly juice drinks). I'm not sure if I am at a point where I could attend one of my own deck parties... for me it might be set up for failure...&gt;What if I slip and I drink again...I worry that everyone I told about me being sober will be mad and disapointed if I make a mistake...First don't worry about any day but today. JUST focus on what you can do today...What are you doing to better your sobriety? ..Set yourself up with a solid foundation. I do that through lots of AA meetings making sober friends and using this subreddit daily. 
