-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27nb6m/hello_1st_post/

Hello everyone    I'm a binge drinker who is getting tired of the same old pattern    I'm a full time musician and pride myself on my work ethic    I've never had a problem working hard towards goals and achieving them   I've been drinking since I was 13 and must admit I love the feeling of alcohol in my body.  For a while there was just something comforting and soothing about it   I started to realize I had a drinking problem in my early 20s as I couldn't go out and just have one beer I needed 20 and it was never enough.  I would say that it was pretty common to drink on all weekends and sometimes during the week.  Being a self employed musician made it easy to get away with it and it was encouraged and accepted.  My longest binge was 6 days where I pretty much drank nonstop and the withdrawal was absolutely brutal..  It was the closest thing I have ever come to feeling suicidal    I abstained for 2.5 years and it was a really good time for me.  I did have a few times where a craving would come up but I liked being sober and that won   Then one day at a show I started drinking again and it was like I never missed a beat.  My old friend was there right by my side.  On average I drink every second weekend and will usually stay up for a day or two and may consume as many as 40 beers!  Yikes that's a lot   The hangovers are brutal but I get back on track and have a productive few weeks then the cravings start and the cycle continues    Usually mid week at night the cravings start and I fantasize about the up coming weekend so I can blast off!  I totally self medicate and it's 100% escapism..  I probably have ADD with a hint of anxiety in there. I guess the part I struggle with is the triggers and not being able to turn it off.  It's pretty powerful stuff... But none the less I'm here because I care and would like to stop drinking.  So there is my story.  I'm looking forward to being active on this site and working on my sobriety...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome you've come to a great place!  Get a badge (read how in the sidebar -&gt;) and stick around. Good times around here. :)
Welcome! Pull up a chair stay a while. This sub is packed with really smart and compassionate people staying sober in many different ways if you have willingness and honesty we can be a great resource. What can we do to help you? 
Welcome u/JamesArthur5150 to r/stopdrinking--you sound like so many of us in the sense that when you aren't drinking you appear to be thinking about drinking blasting off!  This is how I got sober and how I stay sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up. I would go so far as to say that I was FAKING when I first started to do this but it WORKS...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). Action not deep thinking is called for...3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol. If I can frame each day by that first morning decision then I can take alcohol out of my movie for one day...One day at a time I got sober...I look forward to seeing your posts and comments...Good luck.
I too am a binge drinker. I had gone on naltrexone to fight the cravings and it really helped. I stopped taking it though because I thought I had changed. Last night an old friend of mine showed up and it was just like old times. My wife is livid. I puked all over the place. I sent drunk mean weird texts to my sober friends. I really goofed up but you know what man? I'm not going to repeat that today. I'm not going to binge. I'm not going to let this mistake ruin my life. I apologized and reset my counter on this sub. What I'm trying to say is this is hard; and if you mess up and drink don't let it .snowball out of control. Realize your mistakes but don't beat yourself up. (Maybe I'm just trying to help myself).....Anyway good luck you can talk to me any time. 
Hello and welcome. You are in the right place. Sobriety is hard work as you know. I hope you find the support you need and deserve.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Welcome... it sounds like you had a good run those 2.5 years. Sorry to hear about the cravings taking over but... that's how it is with us sometimes. I feel you on the escapism mindset: it would be so nice to just leave everything behind for a day or two. That's what I tried to do with booze but it ended up making the problems ten times worse as I'm sure you know. But the healthier ways of dealing with stress actually started working much better as long as I put the time in...Triggers come and triggers go. Have you identified the things that get the thoughts started? Can you avoid those things? Or at least mitigate them until the cravings pass? I found them to be somewhat like magnets - the closer you are to your last drink the stronger the cravings are. Sober time helps but we still have to be vigilant when they pop up. Good luck and looking forward to seeing you active here. You'll get back to where you were and more!
