-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27ndoj/almost_a_year/

Greetings...I have recently learned about this subreddit and I feel a strong urge to contribute. I had made a previous post a day ago or so mentioning how hard it is right now being that a year is almost up but I immediately deleted it. I believe that if I focus on the failing side of the coin I will end up failing. So instead I have decided to just tell my story and what I have done to get this far. I have hopes that some of you will benefit from my (sober) ramblings...My reason for stopping in the first place may put some of you off and I understand that. However I must not lie about this or frame it away as something other than what it was. I stopped drinking because I wanted to please God...Perhaps my fellow Christians reading this may relate to the law-twisting though processes that went through my mind as I juggled around the concepts required of me in regards to being sober...>1 Peter 5:8.>Be sober-minded; be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls around like a roaring lion seeking someone to devour. ..This followed by the verse:..>Proverbs 31:6.>"Give strong drink to him who is perishing and wine to him whose life is bitter...Hey my life is bitter! So it's OK for me to drink! Of course these were the beginings of the tangled perceptions I would have to endure as I persisted in a sober life...Regardless I drew conclusion that I needed to stop and so I did...*****..The first days into this were a nightmare. Before stopping I was drinking 18 packs of Budweiser a day alone. I had already made one crucial step to stopping drinking long before I decided to fully stop and that was to avoid all hard alchohol entirely. By the time I decided to stop drinking I had already been off of hard liquor for a year or so. I just drank more beer...I'm a pretty reclusive person. I did not want to go to groups or find a support network or anything like that. I had my God and my family and friends and that was all I needed. However I realized that I wanted to chart my progress so the very first thing I did was download a sobriety calendar on my phone. I started it up and it said 1 day. This was it! This was going to be the end of alcohol. No more ever again......I told no one at first. It is so embarassing and depressing to tell everyone you're going to do something or not do something and then you do the opposite or you fail to do it in the first place. I knew that I would tell someone soon but I was still scared of relapsing and having to endure what that entailed. Instead I had my sobriety counter and prayer. Any time things would get tough I would open my phone and look at the number it read and I would pray to God for strength to endure this test. I asked forgiveness for being weak and foolish but I have not apologized for drinking in the first place. Through this I received the strength and the days clicked off...About two weeks into this things became unbearable once again. I have lived with drinkers the entire time I've been off it and so there is always booze in the house for me to sample if I would feel so inclined. At this point I had still not told anyone that I was quitting but I suspected that it was noticed because I now never had a beer in my hand. I think my Dad was just glad that he seemed to always have beer now where before the cupboard was bare. I had developed a new habbit actually. During commercial breaks on TV I would go open the fridge and just stare at the beers in the fridge. Many times I would grab one and just sit with it at the TV. I dared not open it or have a drink but just holding it made me feel comforted. This sounds pathetic to some I'm sure but it was like a security blanket for me. It made me feel like I was still me because ME drank and that's who I was. Now I just pretended and I told myself that was OK...A month in I had stopped needing to grab a pet from the fridge and I realized that there may really be some momentum behind quitting drinking this time so I told people. I told my Dad and Mom by opening up with how long I've been sober. The congratulations were great. It was the first time I received any praise for what I was doing and it was a good feeling. However what really felt great was having an extra layer of protection. Now if I screw up I'm accountable to them. I'd have to say "Yeah well I failed at quitting and I'm a drinking machine again." I just didn't want that...To recap I had my God's support through prayer and faith. I had my sobriety counter on my phone. I had my close family for support and accountability. And if I REALLY needed it I had a cold one in the fridge to cuddle with. And it was STILL SO HARD TO STOP! ..*****..About five months in maybe the holidays are rolling around. We're going to relative's houses for Thanksgiving and Christmas and various other BBQ parties and such. I had not been sober at a party for as long as I can remember. Now here I am bored out of my mind and everyone is getting on my nerves. I am not a very social person to begin with but without alcohol in an uncomfortable place I can get pretty curt and nasty. Thankfully not saying much comes naturally for me and they all understand that so I simply kept my mouth shut and tried my hardest not to stare longingly at their drinks in their hands. I also remembered my counter on my phone. When times got really tough I told myself -- "If you have a drink you have to reset that counter and it means NOTHING. You would have been better off not quitting at all because you'll have nothing to show for it. They will know you're a failure because when they ask "How long have you been sober?" you'll have to say 1 day again." This worked wonders for me...By the way to all of you supporting a recovering alcoholic DO NOT every ask them how long it's been since their last drink. That is information for THEM to volunteer and if they don't want to talk about it it's none of your business. I thank my family for that. No one has ever asked me that (except my Mom but she's allowed to -- she's Mom)...At the same time quitters out there -- be sure to frequently tell your loved ones how long it's been. They support you and want to share in your success. The praise feels good but don't get addicted to it too. You just want to refresh your accountability from time to time...*****..I get to eight months. Parties with alcohol no longer bother me. People can drink around me all they want and I have no desire to drink anything. I don't think about alcohol at all and I have actually forgotten what it feels like to be drunk and hung over (well that's not true -- I came down with flu or something and that was pretty close). This was the calm before the storm.....*****..Almost a year and I cannot stop thinking about having a beer. My Mom and brother just homebrewed some beers and there's about 10 in the fridge calling out to me. I'm just curious what it tastes like. After all it's homebrew...I am NOT going to reset my counter. I am NOT going to say it's only been 1 day since I had a drink. I am NOT going to disappoint my God because he never gives you something you cannot handle...>1 Corinthians 10:13.>There hath no temptation taken hold of you but such as is common to man. But God is faithful; He will not suffer you to be tempted beyond that which ye are able to bear but with the temptation will also make a way to escape that ye may be able to bear it...I can still do this. We all can...*****..So there is my digital AA meeting. I still refuse to go to one in person but I understand that people tell their stories and introduce themselves and so that's what I would say. Please pray for me and I will pray for you and we will get through this together. I cannot believe how hard this is -- and I still have to kick cigarettes....
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your post and insight.  I'm glad you found r/stopdrinking and are bringing your forthright belief system to the sub.  I should tell you that r/stopdrinking is not AA and in fact encourages all sorts of "paths"--and that as long as you frame your comments or posts in the first person you are more than welcome to discuss your faith and AA.  
Congrats net_nomad.
The reason you quit doesn't really matter. Wanting to please God is as good a reason as any.  Don't be embarrassed about it.  You've gotta be you...It was not hard for me at one year sober.  I don't think it's that hard for most people at one year sober.  There are ways to make your days easier.  If I were you I would find them.  Life is too short to spend it struggling.  You do not have to struggle...Welcome!
Hello and welcome. I'm curious as to why you "refuse" to to to an AA meeting. I don't believe in prayer but I am sending healing hopeful energy your way which is a kind of prayer I suppose. Almost a year is awesome!
