-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27obih/advice_on_staying_clean_going_through_a_vicious/

Bit of background: I'm 26 daily binge-drinker since I was 17. I am fortune enough to have not gotten into trouble. Very high functioning but miserable person. ..Finally bit the bullet and started the road to recovery in January. Went through a detox and made it through. Then a worrisome trend started. I relapsed. Then detoxed again after a bender. Then relapsed again. And detoxed again. This has been a monthly trend this year and I am feeling more fearful than ever that I won't be able to stop for good. It feels like the end of the road. ..I never though it would be this sad. During my first withdrawal/detox I had hope because I thought the pain was so bad that there would be no way I'd let myself get back in that situation again. But that hasn't been enough. .
----------immediate responses--------

I too suffered from what I call detox amnesia. My last one I did a video diary of it promised myself if I was ever on the brink of relapse I would watch it before I folded and drank. In ten years I never got over 90 days this time I got to slightly over 4months before I was about to break it was a monumentally bad day. I watched that video diary and I was disgusted at what I saw I was so pathetic so weak such a mess it worked I stayed sober and haven't watched that since January 7th 2014. ..What is your plan? What changes are you prepared to make your last detox the last? If you plan to change nothing why do you think that will work this time? ..For me sobriety is 10% not drinking and 90% learning to live sober if you don't tackle the 90 you will repeat the 10 adnaseum.
My personal story sounds a lot like yours.  For somewhere between 1 and 2 years I would get sober for a few weeks only to fall back into old patterns.  I give the 1-2 year time frame because I was blacked out so frequently that I'm still not certain how long I lived that "life."..Similar to what u/SarahSiddonscooks mentioned while I wanted to quit I wasn't willing to change anything about my life. I would detox myself at home but I continued to live a life that enabled my drinking habits. I wasn't making any changes in myself so I kept getting the same result: relapse...Have you give any thought to going to a rehabilitation center?  It took me those 12-24 months of repeated failure for me to get to the point where I was finally miserable enough to admit I needed professional help from a rehab center.  I now consider this the best decision I have ever made in my life.  Working with the counselors there helped me realize that if I wanted to get a different result from my prior attempts to quit that I had to use a new plan of attack.  I had to change how I react to situations face my fears and learn how to ask for help.  It wasn't (and still isn't always) an easy transition but it's kept me alive and sober thus far and I don't foresee that changing in the near future.
You and I sound like we have a lot in common - our age daily binge drinking not in legal/financial trouble YET and believing we're high functioning (which really just means good at lying and hiding or thinking we're good at lying... people usually know) constant attempts at quitting and failures.....I'm going through detox right now too today is the beginning of my day 4.  I'm emotional shaking crying tunnel-visioned about drinking... it's ridiculous and it's been for days straight...I'm not an expert by any means but here's what's helped me so far:..1.  Counting my days in 15 minute sections of sobriety.  I can't commit to a full day yet but every 15 minutes I re-commit to go another 15.  15 is manageable and I've woken up sober 4 times in a row now...2. Changing my routines.  Going to the corner store and passing my usual bar on the way?  I'm taking a different route.  Usually go out for drinks during lunch?  I'm getting take-out sandwiches and eating in the park...3.  I wrote down everything I'm scared of in the worst case scenario if I have a drink and everything I'm unhappy with right now.  I did it when I knew someone was going to be around soon so I couldn't go get alcohol during/after and then I took /u/SarahSiddonscooks' advice and wrote out a list of every quality I possess that can help me get through dealing with my "drinking self" list.  It's nice to see that the characteristics I have are ones that I can use to deal with the negative list...4.  I'm using this subreddit like crazy.  Posting sometimes but also reading back pages and pages and whenever I feel the urge to drink when my 15 minutes is over I log into the IRC chat on the right.  Sometimes I say something sometimes I don't but just knowing there are other people and I COULD say something is incredibly helpful...5.  SMART recovery has been similarly useful if not a little complicated to get into - online meetings chat rooms threads and especially the worksheets.  I'm setting aside 30m in the morning to work on the worksheets when I feel my most motivated and I've found it helpful...6.  I plan on reaching out in person again to a recovery group in my area and also to a therapist.  I'm sober for 3 days now but I feel hopeless for the long term and I'll be damned if I'm not going to do absolutely everything to give myself the best possible chance.  I've given myself until Wednesday to find both and I have someone in my life who will hold me accountable (read: will drag me there) if I haven't by then.  "Making plans" has no value until I actually ACT on them.  I've thought about going away to a treatment centre and if I haven't acted my plans by Wednesday at noon I'm checking myself in.  I have all my ducks in a row to leave including my bags half-packed...I've been caught in the sad cycle of "detox amnesia" as well although every 2 days instead of every month gradually getting worse and worse and drinking more and more...What makes this time different besides going longer than I have in a couple years is that this is the end of the line for me.  My choices are jail homeless dead... or sober.  It's worth pulling out all the stops to get that fourth option...I'm wishing you the best of luck keep it up and keep posting!
I spent a year in a cycle of three weeks sober and then drinking. I only broke the cycle by completely reorganizing my life. My priorities had to completely shift to focus on my well-being sobriety and safety. Making the change was difficult but it was WAY less painful than the drinking cycle. I know you've said that your plan is to know that you can never drink again but are there concrete things you change to help this? I just never could seem to *know* you know? 
Just think about your bank account with $15k less in it.  That's the cost of getting into trouble by not controlling your drinking when you're 30.
