-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27ras8/aa_stopdrinking_reddit_sponsors_sober_friends_my/

So I am sitting right around 100 some days right now.  God it seems so long ago that I had a drink.  I have been going to AA regularly.  I have not gone every single damn day but there are days where I have gone to two or three meetings in one day. I believe in AA and it works for me that is all I can really say about it.  I have made one really REALLY good friend at AA and a couple weeks ago I went on a mens retreat and go to know quite a few of the other guys from the AA club I go to.  For the first three months I only went to the Club.  Now I have started mixing it up and going to some other meetings at different places.  It really helps me to 'broaden my horizons' by going to different flavors of meetings.  I even have a home group meeting that I will now never miss. .  ..I had been posting on this sub under another account but my soon to be exwife somehow learned my username.  I would have never known but she slipped up and said something yesterday that I know she could have only known from reading one of my posts.  So now I am using an old account of mine.  I really like this sub and I went into my account settings on this username and unsubscribed all the default subs and added just the ones that I think will help me.  Redddit really is kick ass.... I am on my second sponsor this go around.  I am positive I have a real winner right now.  The guy has been sober 14 years and is just a wonderful person.  I have been focusing so much on my divorce lately that I have not been working on my steps much.  I am on step two and have my worksheet so I need to get moving.  if you are in AA don't waste time getting a sponsor.  Get one as soon as you can.  ...It is amazing to hang out with other sober people in recovery.  We can laugh at our old drunken selves and laugh at our selves now.  We have fun doing things together that I never thought I could enjoy without a drink.  I really am blessed to have these people in my life...I am struggling with a few things right now.  First I am struggling with God - Higher Power - Spirituality - et all.  I have a beef with god for taking my first wife away from me just two years after we got married.  She got cancer two months after our wedding and it was downhill from there.  I don't think I never dealed with her death.  I need to bring that up to my therapist.  I am also in the midst of a divorce from my wife of 14 years (got together with her 6 weeks after my first wife died can anyone say to soon?)  the has a protection order against me and I cant go in the house.  Sucks.  IN turn I am struggling not having the companionship of  a woman.  I realize that flys in the face of what I know was a mistake before but It is how I feel...Other musings.  Maybe this is the Cleveland Browns year..... probably explains some of my drinkings.... :-)
----------immediate responses--------

Great job! Sounds like you are doing quite well I'm glad you are checking out other meetings it is good to know what is out there one of the ways it proved useful for me was being able to help other people find meetings they would like. ..Keep your grudge with god I don't blame you just don't magnify it enough to make it a road block in your recovery. If I believed in god you can be damn sure I'd have a beef! Honestly one of the things that help me with perspective shifts are documentaries. I watched a documentary about brothels in third world countries one of the sweetest kindest girls that was featured got her eye stabbed out by the brothel owner and forced her to take 7 more "clients" before seeking medical attention. Yeah.....I'll take my first world problems and be happy with them thanks "god!"..I too lost a spouse early on in an MVA when our son was 3 weeks away from turning one life didn't stop shitting me so I adopted a quote from Dennis Leary "life sucks get a helmet". Thankfully I quit drinking so life stopped sucking I'm not giving up my helmet though. 
Sorry to hear about your first wife. I'm also picking up some momentum in the program. I don't know anything about God. I don't believe some entity can come swoop in and take away my defects of character. I believe I'm on my own in transforming my bad habits and negative behavior. I can model myself after other alcoholics who've made over their lives. Today my higher power is the sun. Maybe this is the 49ers year. FTFY. :)
Sober Clevelander here around 100 days as well: THIS. IS. OUR. YEAR! ..(For the Browns and for us!)
The Brownies not a chance! All the rest: you're doing great!
If you're 100 days in and doing well why bring a higher power into it? Keep doing what works for you. You don't HAVE to have a higher power (I don't). And that higher power doesn't have to be god. It can be your future self or someone that you admire. Having a higher power might help some in recovery but it is not a requirement as many atheists and agnostics in recovery can attest.
