-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27wtmw/just_2_weeks_in_and_these_are_just_some_of_my/

The power of good sleep: when I was drinking I'd stay up until 23 or 4 in the morning just binging and clinging on to the cheap thrill of alcohol portending it was all worth it then I'd get out of bed just hours later and go to work (often without breakfast I had no time for it)...I also love coffee always have always will I love the taste the culture and of course the caffeine but there are no drugs on earth that can substitute a good night's sleep followed by a hearty breakfast! When I get a good 8 hours sleep my mind is calm my stress is more rational I have pep and bounce in my step I'm better equipped not only to function better at work but also to resist my urges to drink! That ride home isn't such a huge gamble to stop and buy liquor because I've still got energy to burn! I can use that energy on something productive or fun...The importance of good food: .My body and my brain sometimes get things mixed up and send me the wrong messages I can't really blame them for years instead of giving it fuel I've been literally poisoning it so sometimes when I have a "craving" I find it helps to give my body a good dose of food the healthier the better but also treats food with punchy flavours dark chocolate shelled nuts marinated seafood and veggies it distracts the craving pretty quickly and again it calms me....Transparency and honesty:.lying comes second nature to most alcoholics I used to lie to everybody especially myself I find now that having a network of people that your honest with about what your going through is perhaps the most important part of becoming sober every time that I've relied on my own will power to stop drinking I have failed I have lied to myself and gone back to the bottle now that I actually tell my partner the people around me and my support people (AA reddit etc..) Exactly what my triggers are and what I'm struggling with that suddenly makes me accountable for all of my actions reactions and thoughts it's very very useful for those times where I do feel weak and tired. And sometimes people will ask me how are you going with "insert example here"? And then that will remind me "oh I never did anything about that and I'll have to go and work on it...Being OK with clich s:.I wouldn't call myself a hipster but I do dislike a lot of things that go mainstream I have a natural tendency to seek things that are unique and meaningful to me I hate clich  I hate bravado and I hate stereotypes a recovering alcoholic is faced with a lot of these things but the truth is AA and support groups like it have been around for a long time because they work a part of becoming sober is to become a more accepting person you have to listen to the people that have been there they know a lot more about recovery then I do! Even if sometimes it sounds like the same old nonsense you've heard a hundred times before TAKE IT! Embrace it! Accept it of you can't accept it Ask questions about it! chances are there is some truth to it you just haven't haven't had it explained to you properly or bothered to really listen properly. They are trying to reach you so that they can help you! (Took me a while to realise this I think my inner bratty teenager wouldn't let me)..Lastly a little pride goes a long way but don't let it fool you into complacency:.I've only been sober a short while and already some people are treating me like a poster boy for sobriety that makes me feel pretty good! And I SHOULD be proud of my achievements I deserve to be happy! But I'm only in my sober infancy! I've still got a lot of work to do and actually this isn't about the glory this is about changing MY HABITS and MY THOUGHTS around alcohol not others thoughts about me! So every day weather or not I feel like drinking I HAVE TO continue working on it there are no more zero days! If it's 10 o'clock at night and I'm sitting there watching TV after a hard days work but I haven't read the big book or attended a meeting or made/read any post(s) on here or listened to an AA speaker tape or done ANYTHING towards my sobriety then tough titties it's not bed time yet I have work to do...No more zero days!..
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  I love coffee TOO! I get up incredibly early every morning feed the pets make coffee for the house and head out to meet some pals at 5:30 AM for my standard two grande cups of SBUX dark roast coffee.  We read the New York Times critique politics flirt with the women who come through (mostly the health care providers and nurses at least initially at that early hour) solve the problems of the world then move on by 7 AM.  I love my morning schedule.  No matter how tired I am I spring out of bed to do this routine 365 days a year.  ..I never wake up wishing I had been pounding brews down the night before.
Amen on the sleep!
I really enjoyed your post! I have to say I am 100% with you on all of this especially the part about changing your own thoughts and habits and never becoming complacent in the fight. There will always be something more I can do towards my sobriety. It's gonna be something I work on for probably the rest of my life but tough titties. Oh and coffee is awesome. ..Fuck the Zero!
