-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27zgjc/anxiety_and_sobriety/

Over the past 15 years I've made many attempts at stopping.  After the hangovers and shame wear off I always go right back. This time frame is usually about 3 or 4 days (except once when I wrecked drunk and lived in a hospital for 27 days). About a week ago I woke up and said no more.  I've had anxiety issues since my earliest memories and in high school I started self medicating with drugs and alcohol and while I was able to stop using other drugs early on alcohol has been my go to for half my life. Well after the first 3 days of sobriety the anxiety kicked back in 10 fold and I'm struggling.  I also excepted a new job doing something completely foreign to me and that is cranking the anxiety levels up too.  Sobriety and this job will be the best thing I can do for myself and my families health and financial stability. I am just freaking the fuck out. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/analogG23 to /r/stopdrinking -- I totally don't miss the shame and remorse after waking up drunk or massively hungover.  This is precisely how I beat alcoholism:  ..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). *Action not deep thinking was called for.*..3. Tomorrow I repeat...In the early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol. If I can frame each day by that first morning decision then I can take alcohol out of my movie for one day...I hope this is helpful to you and that you keep posting as you go along.
Are you taking any meds for it? Do you think that would help? Anxiety is almost required to be an alcoholic they should rename it AAA Alcoholics and Anxious Anonymous 
My anxiety was worse for 1.5-2 weeks after I quit but it went DOWN after that.  You might find the same thing.  I've talked to a lot of people that had anxiety after quitting but it always seems to go down after a period.  I got a temporary Rx for it at one point but that was just for the worst times and I don't need it anymore.  Congrats on 6!
Yeah...can't drink on that stuff. If you are going to make an honest effort to stay sober using benzodiazepines through detox helps. You might consider seeing your doctor letting them know your intent to sober up. Again though...unless you really want sobriety it won't matter. 
Anxiety continues to be an issue in my life.  I prefer it to drinking.
My anxiety reduced considerably after I had a few weeks of sobriety under my belt and at 9 months I rarely get any. When I was still drinking anxiety was continuous and panic attacks were fairly common too so I was being prescribed horse-sized doses of psychotropics. It's different for everybody as our bodies and minds all tick a bit differently but getting sober and getting good professional help (talk therapy &amp;c) will definitely help the anxiety in the long run. A support community is a big help too like this one AA SMART &amp;c.
