-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27zzf6/not_sure_how_to_stop/

A few months ago I was finally able to admit to myself I had a problem. After struggling to stop drinking I was able to go 70 days without a drink. A few weeks ago I relapsed and I haven't been sober for more than 3 days since. It scares me that I no longer have any control over the amount that I drink. I will drink until I pass out. ..During my 70 days sober I was so much happier. I was getting good grades in school sleeping better and my mood was stable. Despite knowing all this it's so hard for me to stop. I know that I can't and shouldn't drink but I'm having a very hard time getting sober again. I try to take it one day at a time but in the evening I find myself drinking again. The cravings are ridiculous and I can't stop obsessing about drinking. I've been trying to get to more AA meetings but I haven't really found one I liked. I was thinking about going to a SMART meeting. I want to get sober but I don't know how. I don't know what to do when the cravings hit. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered an inpatient stay or a structured intensive outpatient program?  Sometimes those can be extremely helpful to keep you safe and detoxed educate you and give you the good solid footing you need to move forward.  ..No shame in it and it might save your life.  Good luck.
For me obsessing over it meant I still thought there were benefits to drinking.  Reading the Allen Carr book linked on the right of the SD page fixed that for me.  I'd also consider an intensive outpatient program like Nika65 suggested.  ..I'd also try SMART if you don't like AA but also try more AA meetings to see if you'll like one.  The AA meetings can be hit or miss if my second AA meeting had been my first I would not have been back for any AA meetings at all.  If you like AA at all getting a sponsor makes it way better.
Here's how I stopped and stay stopped /u/midnightzoo:..1.  Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). Action not deep thinking was called for...3. Tomorrow I repeat...In the early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol. If I can frame each day by that first morning decision then I can take alcohol out of my movie for one day...In sum I didn't think my way into better action I acted my way into better thinking and resolve and sobriety...Good luck and keep posting about your progress.
Have you gotten any phone numbers from people at the AA meetings you've gone to? When cravings hit one of the best tools to use can be calling someone from the program and talking through the craving.
