-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/280uzg/resentment_is_killing_me/

I've been struggling with a pretty major resentment for a few months now. I've been struggling with depression and jealousy and self pity and major self esteem issues and they're all tied to this resentment. I know I need to let it go but I just can't. I can't even bring myself to pray for this person like I've heard people talk about in meetings. I would really appreciate any advice anyone has on this topic....Part of my struggle is that this person is on my 8th step list and I know I'll need to make my amends with them.  If anyone has any experiences with making amends to people who have hurt you just as badly as you hurt them or worse and are willing to share I would appreciate that too.
----------immediate responses--------

My thought is that since you never graduate from AA  that you will many times over the years work all the steps again more than twice. Obviously it is MUCH faster and easier than the first time. If you get to that person and you haven't worked out your feelings or on the fence that it could backfire. Step 8 is just a willingness to make amends step 9 says unless doing so would do harm. Obviously I have no idea what the issue is but there are times when you just have to save that one for later discuss this with your sponsor they may have experience with this. Some people are simply to toxic to be around....sometimes writing a letter to said person is the healthiest way.
[deleted]
I would really rather just never talk to some people again in my life. So my advice screw talking to that person or praying for them. Not trying to be rude. .
I have a similar situation with an old friend of 25 years.  I am not even close to my 8th step at this point in time. I do however have a list in my notebook of people and events that I will need to address when the time comes.  I write them down when they cross my mind so I do not forget them...I have struggled mightily with what I am supposed to do about what he did to me and how I feel I about it.  What I am supposed to do when I speak to him knowing that he has harmed me just as much as I have harmed him.  I have spoken to numerous people about this in my Home AA Group.  Some tell me that I need to put it out of my mind and concentrate on my current step (which is the road I took).  Others have not really given me advice but just words of wisdom.  I know that these 'words of wisdom' are somewhat cliche and I hear them all the time in various meetings applied to various situations.  I sometimes get tired of hearing the same thing over and over and over again at meetings but then a situation in my life comes up and suddenly those words that I have heard over and over again ring throughout my head and I apply them to my situation and something wonderful happens...It works and it helps....The promises state "We will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us."   For me the only way I intuitively know is because I hear it over and over and over again....This is what a handful of the old-timers at my home group told me:..They repeated to me what I hear at the beginning of every single meeting in "How it Works"..*If you have decided you want what we have and are willing to go to any length to get it-then you are ready to take certain steps.*..*At some of these we balked. We thought we could find an easier softer way. But we could not. With all the earnestness at our command we beg of you to be fearless and thorough from the very start. Some of us have tried to hold on to our old ideas and the result was nil until we let go absolutely.*..They also asked me just what I thought the Serenity Prayer was all about..*God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change*..*The courage to change the things I can*..*And wisdom to know the difference.*....This is the part where they told me I have to be willing to go to any lengths.  The lengths that I need to go is with Acceptance.  I can only control what I can control.  In this situation I can only control my part and that is for me to make amends to clean my side of the street.  What the other person does or does not do is beyond my control.  If he wants to try and repair our relationship like I do then he will take those steps on his own.  The amends I make to him are to put my house in order to alleviate the guilt and shame in my heart and mind. ..I do not know if you can apply any of this to your situation.  I hope you are able to find something within my words that can provide you comfort. I wish you the best.  ....***Don't look back you're not going that way.*** 
My sense of this situation is that you aren't ready to do the an 8th or 9th Step with this person.  My rule is this: if you aren't comfortable working a step--go back to the step before or even the one before that to try to sort out the issue.  In addition bear in mind we work these steps to rid ourselves of the standard friction or agitation in our lives which will send us "back out there" should we encounter another person from our past where we have uncompleted business...Finally [the Big Book personal story *Freedom from Bondage*](http://silkworth.net/bbstories/2nd/553_562.html) speaks directly to this question.
Sorry to say it doesn't matter how bad someone hurt you. ..From pg. 62 "Sometimes they hurt us seemingly without provocation but we invariably find that at some time in the past we have made decisions based on self which later placed us in a position to be hurt."..Invariably meaning without variable meaning fucking ALWAYS. It doesn't matter what they did. We put out of our minds the wrongs others had done we resolutely looked for our own mistakes...If you don't want to drink again you'll let it go. If you're struggling pray for willingness. I had a few amends on my first ninth step that I put off and then lost the willingness to make. My sponsor made it really simple for me "If you don't want to drink again you will do this."
