-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2870us/i_dream_of_genie_relapse/

For a long time I haven't really had much recall when it comes to dreaming.  It must happen but there hasn't been one in a long while that provoked me to think like last nights.  It was about as real as it could be sound smell feel every sense was involved.   just like old times sitting up at the bar chatting away with the bartender I know better than some of my family.  Pause and look down and it's a huge rock glass of scotch.  Here's the weird part   I felt guilty as fuck thinking to myself in a dream  I just threw it away it was for nothing! .  With that thought I pulled a $20 from my wallet downed the drink ordered another and woke up wide eyed staring at the clock thinking I'm late for work.  . But it's Sunday and that was a hell of a reminder to stay the course.   I'm doing this for me more any other reason and I hated myself in that scene.  So I'm off to grocery shop my dog and I will celebrate with breakfast and take on the rest of the day 12 sober..Happy Father's Day to those who it applies everyone else thanks!.
----------immediate responses--------

I still have the occasional drinking dream. The most recent was very vivid in which I was in a kind of weird bar with my daughter who is also in recovery and we were both drinking and at least in the dream not thinking much of it. When I had those in early recovery they were extremely scary. Now it's more of a smile and a shrug because I know it's the Drunk Tractorguy still trying to lure the Sober Tractorguy back into his insidious fold. Ain't going there; instead off to a meeting.
This is a facet of recovery having to deal with these dreams.  The brain feels stressed still and tries to sort out a way to get unstressed which worked in the past.  But your higher cognitive powers kicked in you rejected it when you woke up and I bet you felt relieved when you woke up and you were sober and not having to deal with a nasty hangover.  These dreams pass as you learn other ways to deal with stress and so this crappy solution will no longer be programmed into your subconscious.  Every day you are teaching yourself how to deal with life without the crutch of alcohol and so your experiences will feed your subscious  I recently had a dream where I found a fridge full of cold beer but in my dream I said "That's not for me" and I looked around until I found some lemonade.  This stage will pass. Keep going you're doing great.
Ugh I had one last night too and it wasn't even a fun or satisfying drunk...I was drinking straight up vodka alone in my bed feeling depressed miserable...and then my husband caught me. Angrily thought about having to start back at zero days for doing something that wasn't even fun or "worth it" in any way. I was so grateful when I woke up sober but took a while to shake the anxiety and shame I felt in the dream. I know this won't be the last one for me either but I hope it gets easier.
