-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2894l8/coming_to_terms_with_being_an_alcoholic/

This weekend I was at a speaker/discussion meeting and the topic was "coming to terms with being an alcoholic." As a newly sober college student this is a topic I can really relate to and have a lot to say about. While listening to the speaker and others discuss their long struggle to come to terms with the fact that they were an alcoholic and admitting it I realized something about myself. Even from the beginning of my drinking there was little doubt in my mind that I was an alcoholic. My mother is my grandfather was I blacked out the first time I drank and I was told my numerous doctors psychiatrists and friends that I had a problem. I didn't fight anyone on the idea if I was or wasn't one and while I never actually said the words out loud to myself or to others I knew I was one...However I was in college and I liked having a good time so I wasn't ready to get sober yet. I knew that I wouldn't be able to get a job or raise a family while I was drinking and I knew that I would have to get sober one day but that day was not today and probably not tomorrow either. For a few years I was going in and out of AA meetings "to say grounded and aware" but I was drinking. I was partying hard and "living it up" in college but life sucked. ..One morning 56 days ago I woke up and was sick and tired. I was  done I hated myself and who I had become and I wanted to change. I don't know why that morning was different than other mornings I woke up after a night of drinking but I thank god everyday that it was. ..Alcoholics Anonymous isn't for those who want it it isn't for those who need it but it is for those who DO it. And I am doing it. I got myself a sponsor I got myself a home group and I made sober friends. Now I'm happy and I'm having fun sober but I know that I cannot half ass it and I gotta work the steps if I want to stay sober!
----------immediate responses--------

Great post thank you for sharing. You are doing impressively well. I find it interesting you kind of saw this coming right in the beginning. I didn't there aren't alcoholics in my family no grandparents siblings parents aunts or uncles the only one out of 34 grandchildren is a cousin that is a pharmacist didn't do rehab cleaned up and has been sober over 10 years now. I didn't hang out with addicts in high school or college I can't pin point how or why it started  I obsessed over it for many years and finally stopped in the end it doesn't matter that knowledge can't erase the last 11 years.
Making sober friends is very important
&gt; Alcoholics Anonymous isn't for those who want it it isn't for those who need it but it is for those who DO it. And I am doing it...Wow terrific!  Good luck pal.  We're in the rooms together!
