-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28bdpr/i_really_need_some_encouragement_right_now/

I've nearly broken the past three nights in a row. My biggest support network is this subreddit and it has got me so so far. For some reason ive avoided posting here the past three nights as if to avoid being talked out of relapsing...But here I am still. I don't want to throw away my 138 days of hard work and I'm not going to...I could do with some encouragement right now though. I've heard a year of sobriety comes down to ten days of real challenge and I've just had three of mine. I'm having a weak moment. ..Say some nice stuff would ya?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on not breaking the last 3 nights.  What are some of the other recovery tools you've been using?  I need redundant systems; if a doesn't work b is there; if b doesn't work c is there.  Do you also have face-to-face support?  It can take many forms but it's hard to beat looking someone in the face and talking about the good days and the bad days.
Puppies!!!!! Bubbles!!!!!!!..Kidding but it's hard not to smile right? Hang in there! Sober friend to call? Movie you want to see tonight? Is there something you could do to help someone? Meeting?
138 days is a long time over 4 months!  Once you hit a year I bet you could look back on these struggles with a sense of pride.  Hell you could look back *tonight* with a sense of pride for not drinking *today*.  ..Also relating your experiences to others with less sober time is valuable.  Talking about the tug of war you've had could really help others.  A lesser person may have given in where you didn't.
"If you're going through hell keep on going."  That's so true.  You can turn back and stay in hell or you can go a little further and get out forever.  It really does get easier.  I know that three bad days aren't the most bad days I had when I was drinking and certainly not when I first got sober.  You've come so far!  Please please don't give up now.  There's nothing good waiting for you at the bottom of that bottle and there are a lot of people here pulling for you.  You can do this.  I know you can.  Hang in there.  It gets easier.  I promise.  :)
Good on you for posting &amp; for your honesty! ..I can tell you that I had trying times along the way.  They passed.  Had I relapsed I would not be where I am now.  Maybe I would have started drinking regularly. Or maybe I would have fallen into a pattern where I relapsed every few months never seeing my badge tick up above a couple hundred.  Maybe I'd have done a couple dozen "Trying again Day 1.  This time I mean it" posts to SD...I'll tell you what there's a certain sense of pride and contentment that comes along with having this here badge in the 800's.  It's a feeling like.... I don't know just calm.  I feel confident and calm that I can handle any situation that happens to come my way because I've done it before.  ..The truth is that most days pass without me thinking about or even noticing my day count.  But in times like this I put myself in your shoes and imagine what might have been.  I picture what my life would be like if I'd never topped a year or two.  I can feel the struggle and the uncertainty.  Only then do I even notice that feeling of calm &amp; contentment and I think wow.  Thank god I gave myself the opportunity to get here.  If I hadn't I never would have known what I was missing.
Here's what I know works for me.  Not sitting alone in my man-cave thinking that I'll just work it out in my head.  What ACTUALLY WORKS is 10 or 15 minutes away at my local AA meeting where people just as smart funny obnoxious and crazy as I am are waiting to support me and to get supported by me in our JOINT effort to get and stay sober tonight.  By doing this originally my whole life changed.
You aren't going to throw away your 138 days of hard work...you showed you are pulling out of it by posting here. I'm so glad you recognized what was going on and got your ass on and posted. Now it's time to get out of your head and get out and start doing stuff to start living sober instead of just not drinking my friend. Hit up a SMART LifeRing or AA meeting. Browse through meetup.com and look for something that would spark your interest. Look for volunteer opportunities in your area. In my area I can go to the local United Way website plug in what I might want to help out with into a form online and boom...hundreds of listings to sign up for. Start a martial arts class. Go to a meditation workshop. The world is your oyster....its time to go find the pearls in it. :-)  You can totally do this because look how far you've already come!
Good for you for not breaking down. Don't break. My experience is that I cracked and spiraled out of control for 5 years. When I look back now I see that I had become complacent. I forgot the basics of what I was doing when I started out. What mental exercises were you doing 138 days ago that drove you for 138 days? What was it that motivated you in the last 138 day? Revisit these tools. Please don't break - 138 is a great achievement- don't give up now 
You don't want to be like me when I woke up Sunday morning and cried for 2 hours because I decided to drink Saturday night.  Instead  you can wake up tomorrow and smile on day 139. You will smile because you made it.  You will smile because you will be stronger than you were the day before.  Every time you beat an urge  you strengthen your resolve.  Oh  and my drinking episode not only led to regret  I also realized how much alcohol still sucks.  There was nothing new about it.  Same old song and dance.  Poison.  That's what it is.  Go do something good for yourself.  You'll be glad tomorrow when you wake up without a hangover and a heart full of regret. 
You ain't gonna drink Sam. Your heads on too straight for that. ..138 days? Yeah you gotta keep that going. Whatever problem you're going through we both know that relapsing is going to make it so so much worse...I'm glad you posted. That's exactly what this place is here for. Keep up the good work. Sobriety isn't always fun and it for damn sure ain't easy. But it's worth it and we both know that too. Keep your head up. Sleep it off. Do whatever it takes to get through. 
You can't drink now I don't want to ever catch up to your day count!..I'm glad you posted - I'm not thinking about drinking but I'm feeling pretty bad today. For me it's uncertainty about what's next - my work future is unstable given that I have no work and I haven't worked in 15 years and sooner or later I'm going to need to. My plight is really not bad at all but I'm not really embracing uncertainty very well...Is there anything that's bothering you that's making you think of drinking? In one of your comments you say you recently moved so I guess if your life has been shaken up a bit (like mine definitely has with getting divorced last year and moving also) that could do it. ..I moved but just across town so my friends are still here but there's just been a lot of change...The best way for us to get through it though is not drinking - it's taking some sort of action. I just need to figure out what action I should take and when I should take it. If I could just decide to give myself a certain amount of time before needing to take the next step maybe that would lessen the pressure some. Augh it's complicated...Anyway good luck - you are doing awesome with your 138 days - keep it going!!..edit:  oops "can't" drink can't! :)
Thank you for posting this it's good to know there are others having a tough time after a few months. I see so many posts from people between a month to a year that have drastically improved lives and I have to admit that it makes me a bit jealous. Which is not to say that I'm not happy for them but it can definitely make things frustrating for the people having a rough time. I guess when I started I assumed that I could take the drinking out of my life and all of the other problems would take care of themselves. Press this one button and poof...I've lost count of how many times I have second guessed myself about quitting how many days that I've wanted to pull my hair out and how many moments where I just seem to forget what good sobriety has done for me. But when I really take a moment to step back and look at the overall picture I can't deny that quitting has done me a world of good. Life isn't all sunshine and roses but it is getting better it is moving in a positive direction. Things would be a whole lot worse if I hadn't chosen to do this. I'm not happy but I'm not miserable either and that's something I shouldn't allow myself to forget. Even if I'm not happy now I at least know that I'm moving in the right direction and that things will pay off in the long run...Trust yourself. In the deepest part of your mind you know that staying sober is the best thing you can do for yourself. You couldn't have made it this far if you hadn't known that. In a way everyone on this sub looks up to the people who have made it longer through sobriety than they have. You're living proof that people can beat their addiction and a symbol of hope when things begin to get really tough...Anyway hope this helps some. Congrats on making it this far keep on kicking ass!
So far you have woken up sober 138 days in a row.  You can't argue with that achievement.  You have probably felt your mind clearing a bit.  This part only gets better.  It was important for me to understand that no outside force whatsoever can make me drink but if I don't do something to stop it I can have myself drinking in minutes.  Think of the things you can do now that you can't do if you start to drink.  Most of all I think about how One Freakin' Beer *costs too damn much!.*.Then I move on and think about something I can do that doesn't quite have that kind of cost.
I know how hard it is. Do you think anything in particular is eating at you? Any particular reservation? Or is it just the same old bullshit crazy nonsense 'FUCK IT DRINK' thoughts?..Either way I know how it feels and much love. Every run at sobriety requires a few midnight calls for help. There is NO SHAME in asking for help. NONE. I know you think there is just like I thought there was but it helps ME to post this out and tell you that I felt SHAME asking for help in a moment of weakness and it's a false feeling. It doesn't reflect the strength in you for wanting to be sober against the will of your own irrational cravings...Much love again.
You're doing it! You're still sober! You're still strong!
