-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28eswp/holy_flipping_balls_i_feel_awesome_my_physical/

75 days of not drinking and 6 weeks of intense exercise (hiking weightlifting elliptical) has completely changed how my body feels. ..My body used to feel so much heavier.  Not just in terms of body-weight but in terms of how much energy it took to move around.  I used to be so lethargic and turn in early.  Now there is not enough time in the day to do what I want.  I'm up and at work 30 minutes early everyday getting everything ready.  I'm going to the gym *everyday*.  ..Physically I haven't felt this good in years.  I struggled a lot with sobriety early on because I wasn't also working on my health.  Quitting drinking wasn't enough for me--I had to really dive into my fitness.  It's a great outlet and it took me longer than it should have to realize this.  I'm glad folks on /r/stopdrinking suggested hitting the gym as an outlet.  Taking care of your body really works wonders.  
----------immediate responses--------

I can attest to this 100% as can many others. I started a program of exercise and fitness (as well as nutrition) as soon as I jumped on the wagon. Exercise is food for the Brain AND Body. Energy is increased as energy is spent. And you're right it DOES put a certain bounce in your step. :-)  
24 male here with 19 days sober I have no clue where to start with this whole physical thing I recently discovered I have a low red blood count and iron deficiency so I'm on a multivitamin and trying to eat healthy (just eating anything is actually an improvement) but I'm scared that if I exercise I'll pass out or something I'm incredibly underweight and lack of funds makes eating well slightly difficult it's good to see that I'm not alone though and you've given me some hope so thank you!
Just finished a 14 mile bike ride...woooo endorphins and feeling the best kind of exhausted. Thank you sobriety...honestly I never pictured myself being able to do stuff like this when I was drinking. I feel so accomplished and powerful right now. ..Can't imagine how good i feel as I continue on this path. Good job on your 75 days and thanks for sharing and helping me stay sober. 
I've always admire a guy who could say Holy flipping balls with authority!
[deleted]
Be careful not to over train - Resting is just as important as the lifting hiking elliptical-ing and so on... Gotta restore that glycogen and get your protein on somewhere in there :)..Edit: and congratulations on your accomplishments - Keep it up - Don't forget to take progress pics so that you can see the new you even further down the line. 
legend! good post
Super cool!  Kick that unhealthy addiction in the junk and pump that iron!  I've taken up Frisbee golf (pretty nerdy but way cheaper than real golf)and it gets me outside in the fresh air walking sweating enjoying nature calming any dumb urges I may get.  I drink mostly only water and tea and the workout I get from it makes me WANT to eat better (veggies salad more balanced diet).  I feel much better not only physically but mentally and spiritually too.  I feel balanced and confident that the world is not so chaotic.  I'm making what I WANT my REALITY.
Changed my diet and just started yoga. I can't wait to see and feel the effects. Congrats.
