-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28gm3y/9_months_ladies_and_gentlemen/

I have a great job an interview for an even better one lined up next week and today I am moving back out on my own. This was simply not possible 9 months ago. I have never called in sick from being too hungover and anxiety-ridden to get out of bed. I have not embarrassed myself or my family with my drunken idiocy. I have not consumed one drop of alcohol and that's a miracle after a decade of daily blackout drinking...I was cleaning out my wallet yesterday and I found the receipt for the last bottle I bought. It was December 16th 2013. That was the day I almost relapsed. I had about 90 days at the time. I was overwhelmed just about to start a new job and still not ready to cope with my emotions like an adult...I made a post back then about that day. I spent over an hour contemplating the purchase. Wandering aisles loss prevention was suspicious I might be a shoplifter. In reality I was a mentally ill individual battling an addiction. The internal debate was so exhausting. On the one hand relapse seemed inevitable. I mean... I was there with cash and a sole purpose. On the other hand I knew that drinking again meant starting my recovery over *again*...It took me even longer once I had brought the thing home unscrewed the cap smelled the fumes and poured a glass. I had my chasers ready. I was going to get trashed. But before I did I had something like what I imagine a nervous breakdown feels like. It was like a panic attack: sudden onset difficulty breathing racing thoughts fear mania... but it was even more intense than that. I realized that this confrontation would always and forever be waiting to ambush me and that I had to fight it. I jumped into the shower... because *shower!* I was a lunatic...The internal dialogue became an external dialogue. I began saying "Pour it out" aloud. Something snapped. I ran out the shower naked and dripping wet. I poured it out. ..I have not struggled since that day. I never want to experience that emotional torture again. ..The bad:.1. I still have drinking dreams almost every night .2. I am not afraid of relapsing but I am still trying to understand how to cope with powerful emotions without my old methods.3. I still suck at being open-minded compassionate and free from judgement..Thanks SD. I read this sub every day. I would say it is my primary (first-line) support system. I love all you people and I couldn't have done it without you. I don't AA but I'll get a chip on Amazon or something. <3 ..Special shoutout to offtherocks coolcrosby SOmuch2learn VictoriaElaine and of course badgebot... a true sober inspiration. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; The internal dialogue became an external dialogue. I began saying "Pour it out" aloud. Something snapped. I ran out the shower naked and dripping wet. I poured it out. I have not struggled since that day...Wow!  9 months so cool!  I think this illustrates something we talk about endlessly: actions not words!  You took physical action in that first moment of sober insight and you're here today.  So proud of you friend.  ..Now don't go swearing-off those AA meetings--there's still a beneficial path available if you find that you need one at some future juncture...
Congrats on your sobriety baby!
This is an amazing story. Thanks for posting this. Congrats on 9 months!
Fantastic!  Congratulations!
&gt;I still suck at being open-minded compassionate and free from judgement..That was pretty open minded of you...and compassionate towards yourself!
&gt; I jumped into the shower... because shower! I was a lunatic...This made me laugh out loud. Great post. ..I hope you stay one day ahead of me forever. 
What a great post--so helpful to someone like myself who is just starting out.  It's so good to know someone can struggle with powerful emotions and not inevitably fall back into old drinking habit.  ..Thank you for sharing this today.
Great job!
