-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28iaob/so_close_to_caving_right_now/

So just now I've hit my first real hurdle. It's actually been pretty easy up until now. There have been cravings sure but they've passed and I've usually been able to rationalise them away. But this morning I found out that someone has undermined my work fucked it all up and now not only do I have to fix it but I'm also taking the fall for it. I've been the scapegoat on this project for a while now and this is practically the final straw. I'm so angry I'm literally shaking. All I want to do is go to the bottle store and get absolutely loaded at lunch and come back and just be the shitty employee everyone thinks I am sober or not...I'm not going to. I'm going to be strong. But this HURTS. It's the first real struggle I've had were I've felt like caving is a real possibility. And it sucks. :(
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely nothing bad in my life was ever improved by adding alcohol.  In fact I went from bad to tragic when I did.  On the other hand bad news often passed or things worked out in unanticipated way when I stayed SOBER.  ..Experience tells me go to bed sober see how your situation looks TOMORROW.  
I think you want to cave but I don't think you will. You sound too self-aware to make an outrageously awful decision like that. ..Push through this struggle and the next one(s) will be easier. You aren't ever to escape Life slinging shit at you but you can always control how you react. ..Today must have sucked. A lot. Hard. And you did it sober. Imagine how much more shitty today will seem if you top it off with a bunch of booze. Not only did people let you down today you will have let yourself down. That's the worst thing. ..Good luck. I think tomorrow will go better for you. 
Hey! Fuck them! I had a shitty day at work today too. I posted here to vent like you have when I got home I went for a run. Every step I took I thought - this is for ME! I'm getting healthier and staying sober and XYZ can't take it away from me...Supporting you right now to make the same choice - don't let those fuckers take it away!
Goddamn that's a crusty day indeed.
Coming from someone who fell off the wagon Saturday night please don't cave. If you do you will just wake up in a much worse mood and you might not even come back from the relapse. You'll get through the issues at work if you choose to stay sober. And you'll be really proud of yourself.
