-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28r5zw/spent_3_hours_in_a_pub_on_a_saturday_drank_water/

It was one of my closest friends' birthday drinks in a busy pub on a Saturday night - I went out with less than  2 of loose change in my pocket and it's all still there. In contrast we did the same thing last year and I drank 2 bottles of wine just on the walk there followed by many many pints and of course I stocked up on bottles on the walk home because I absolutely had to be sure I could get as drunk as possible once I got home. Different times..... To be honest I had as good a time if not better being sober: I feel great I really enjoyed conversation with people (and normally I really don't like pub crowds) and I spent something like  40 or  50 less than normal...A lot of people will automatically respond 'you've really got to watch out for hanging around drinkers' but I feel the other way about it as far as my drinking habits go - my biggest struggle is getting through a night alone the time when I'd always drink to alleviate the boredom. Being out and about and engaged with people made it a lot easier than staying home tonight. Of course everyone is different and if you are / were a social drinker then that may not work for you. For all you 'stay at home' drinkers like myself being around people can possibly help - ironically being in a pub and surrounded by alcohol I wasn't at all tempted to drink. Sitting at my desk alone I would have been thinking about picking up something all night long...I'm at 20 days in now and I have finally lost that pervasive constant thinking about drinking. I still miss it and I do still catch myself thinking about how much I'd like to pick up a bottle and get wrecked but it's not every 5 minutes any more and it doesn't fill me with the same sense of sadness and shame that it did at the beginning. All in all it's getting easier. I guess the danger now is a different one - now that I'm moving away from the default behavioural drinking there is a higher risk that I'm going to let myself think that it'll be ok to 'treat myself'. I need to remember that once I've allowed myself one sip / glass / bottle / night then it's as good as game over for me...I still miss drinking and maybe always will but at this point I feel that I am winning.
----------immediate responses--------

I understand exactly what you're saying I guess I'm a boredom drinker too. I have a much easier time not drinking on my Friday nights out at the pub than I do on my Saturdays sat at home alone.
Congrats /u/mornsbarstool on getting over the present hump.  Be careful of those pubs and other wet situation.  The old AA saying is dry people dry places in early sobriety.  One of our regulars recently reported relapsing because of one pint in a pub.  Please don't test your 20 days.  Nonetheless I'm excited for your progress.
Fellowship is pretty crucial isn't it? ..Good job on 20 days. 
Kudos for 20 days. Being in a pub so early in sobriety and having alcohol within arm's reach is risky. I'm glad you had a good time and didn't drink but be  careful of over-confidence. 
The bar/pub floor is a slippery place to be standing
