-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28rioe/a_sober_deck_party_the_really_long_rundown/

Big thanks to all of you who replied to my post about today's deck party.  It just ended. (8 hours later...whew).  I'm still sober.  To clarify some things:  My house is not a "dry" house.  My husband still drinks and does not feel he should have to get rid of all alcohol just because I have a problem.  He is all in favor of me quitting drinking in fact he is one of the people who really pushed for me to quit because I am/was out of control.  He just says my problem isn't his problem.  To a degree he is right.  My sobriety needs to be my own focus.  It makes it harder to still have alcohol in the house but I am dealing with it...I LOVE to plan parties and host events.  Today's party has been planned for about 6 weeks. Right now I've been sober 33 days.    This past December I planned and then cancelled a New Years Eve party after people had already RSVPd.  My husband gave me the option to cancel this deck party with the knowledge that I was struggling with the idea of doing the party sober but I decided to go ahead and do the party.  I didn't want to cancel on my friends again like I did on New Years Eve.  ..Most of the guests here today drank but no one was obviously "drunk".  I would have likely been the only one crazy drunk if I had still been drinking.  Some knew I had become sober some I just told tonight that I quit drinking.  I regret that now as I don't think I was really ready to tell some of them I'm in AA but it was first and foremost on my mind so I told them.  ..It was challenging but I made it.  Party started at 1pm.  It was a mix of a few family members combined with my friends until around 5.  At that point it was only my wilder/more open minded friends so I pulled out Cards Against Humanity a game I know I can thoroughly enjoy without alcohol.  We were having a great time and things were starting to wind down until our neighbors came over unexpectedly around 7 with a bottle of wine for the hostess.  I thanked them and put it aside.  They continued the party until 9pm...long past when I wanted to quit.  Anyway I was able to sneak the bottle of wine out with another guest who left a bit earlier so it wasn't staying at my house as a temptation.  ..At any point tonight I could have left for one excuse or another and my husband would have continued to host alone. In fact I had a few bouts of nausea and laid down for a bit twice...and the party continued without me.  I could have left for a meeting if I felt I needed it and he would have taken care of our guests but I was doing ok at the time I would have needed to leave for meeting.  ..There were various points of tonight's party where my alcoholic brain said "ok the party is going smoothly it is time where you can go ahead and join in the drinking".  It was very strange not being (very) drunk by the end of the night but I kept my nonalcoholic drinks in hand all evening and kept busy making food cleaning up making sure others were tended to...doing the hostess stuff I enjoy so much.  ..Today was a success according to my guests and I'm sober.  I'll remember the party fully tomorrow when I wake up.  I'm tired but that is normal..I'm not blacked out.  These are good things.  ..As I said earlier I love party planning...so I really hope this gets easier because I'd hate to need to stop hosting events just because I can't drink.  I made it today but it was hard...and it was dangerous for me because the temptation was strong.  ..To those who mentioned about inviting people from AA:  I want to remain anonymous (As my Reddit screen name says: a Nonny Mouse) and I'm not even using my real first name in meetings.  I have a sponsor but I didn't invite her either.  I haven't known any of those people long enough to trust them and want them in my home.  Maybe I'll develop friendships in AA that will be different next time.  I certainly can't imagine playing Cards against Humanity with any of the people I've met at meetings.  Maybe the longer I go to meetings I can meet other fellow open/dirty minded people that aren't super religious and I hope I can change my tune next time.   ..TL/DR: I hosted a party.  I didn't drink.  I'm tired but going to bed sober.  
----------immediate responses--------

Well done glad you survived.  I had no doubt that you would.  Just be careful for the next few days.  There is a saying over here at Christmas where I am from "If you are sober on paddies day you have survived Christmas".  Basically what it is saying is that after the event you have to be equally careful.  The battle has been won but the war ain't over.  You did great.  Well done.
I'm glad you made it through - sounds like a marathon in a way. Maybe you can host different sorts of parties in the future... tea tastings? ;)
Thanks for the follow up NonnyMouse. Sounds exhausting but fun and I'm glad you made it through it in one piece. ..Just a note to this:..&gt; I certainly can't imagine playing Cards against Humanity with any of the people I've met at meetings...Yeah...keep trying different meetings. The women at my Friday women's group are the craziest group of chicks I've had the pleasure of hanging with. Just the type of people I would have been friends with when I was drinking (before I started isolating). They would LOVE playing Cards Against Humanity. ;-)
Thanks for posting an update ..How do you feel about your husband's attitude toward your recovery? My wife has continued to drink but has cut down for my sake. I think I'm ok with her continuing to drink but only time will tell 
In my house we share problems.  ..* of course that can backfire...Congratulations though!  I'm so happy to hear you made it through without drinking.
Good for you /u/NonnyMouse69 on getting through your deck party.  I meet and LIKE all kinds of people in AA including lots of people who would play Cards against Humanity.  I frequently speak or quote my old friend Carter Dodge one of the great nihilists I ever met.  Carter was sober for many years before a downward spiral claimed him at least two decades before his time.  Honestly I'm always surprised at the misplaced bias and prejudice about AA and AA participants.  AA is filled with all kinds including the type that you meet on /r/stopdrinking.
