-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28rpnb/fourth_day_in_tired_of_repeated_relapse/

I am on my fourth day sober trying to come out of an 8 year daily addiction. I have been trying to quit since 2012 but I keep failing and relapsing after just a few days. The longest was seven days sober and on that seventh day I relapsed. I'm fucking tired of the bullshit triggers I have. Something as simple as the power of suggestion and feeling psychologically broken without the alcohol. I start to panic and feel like I won't be able to live a life without the alcohol with which I used to self medicate with every day for 8 years straight. Fucked up my whole life with this shit and I keep going back to it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think you're doing yourself any favors by looking for external reasons.  You don't drink because of triggers.  You drink because you are addicted.  The end.  It's not much more complicated than that.  Triggers are not pouring drinks down your throat. ..You are going to feel anxiety and you are going to feel panic.  There is no way around it.  Expect it.  You already know it's coming.  So let it come.  Ignore it.  Ride it out.  Decide right now that no matter what happens you are not going to pick up a drink. Everything you feel and think in that state is temporary.  It will pass whether you drink or not.  So you might as well not drink...You can't get out of hell without walking through hell.  That's just how this goes.  So keep your head down and keep walking no matter what happens. I did it.  If I can do it you can do it too.  
First FromWombtoGrave please be assured that a lot of people here have been right where you are and have finally made it out of the quicksand that is alcoholism.  Your brain is not going to let you off easy after 8 solid years of daily drinking.  It is going to keep hammering at you day in and day out and therein lies the problem.  You have to have a strategy on how to beat it at its own game.  At least that's what I did.  I recognized I was being tricked and baited into drinking again; I made up some mind games of my own not to fall for it; and I kept coming up with new plans every day on how to get past that enormous power that is my own addiction.  You can do this but I'll bet you can't do it without a plan.  I am not a group person although I did go to a few very informal AA meetings in the beginning.  You can do this FromWombToGrave.  You really sound like you are ready.  You just need a plan and support of some kind whether it be AA SMART an addiction therapist or this subreddit.  You can do it.  I am proud of you for coming back and sharing  your struggle.  I hope that we can be of help to you here.
Does the alcohol *fix* you psychologically?
I keep failing too.  I do fine for a little while and then a day comes where I calmly decide to drink despite knowing that I'll regret it.  I'm drinking less now that I'm no longer in denial and I've made progress in various ways but it's getting to the point where I can't pretend I'm actually recovering.
