-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28tcgc/national_geographics_drugged_high_on_alcohol/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dJ97Vwoup4..If this is a repost for this subreddit I apologize.  It was new to me.  I just spent 45 minutes watching this video about a young man in the late stages of alcoholism.  I am...I don't know I'm really hit hard by seeing just how far this disease can go.  I guess I didn't realize just how bad it can get.  The next time I am struggling with the desire to drink I think I will be watching this again. ..EDIT:  I'm so glad to see this touched others as much as it touched me.  Whether there is controversy about his death 17 days into rehab or not we could see from the video his body had been shutting down already...that part alone speaks to me.  I'm glad to be sober and that I stopped before this disease did more damage to me.  ...
----------immediate responses--------

It has been posted before but don't worry about that.  A lot of people haven't seen it.  We always have a new group of people finding their way here ya know?  It's new to a lot of people reading this. :)../u/sustainedrelease was kind enough to put together a kickass list of video resources.  [Check it out here's a link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/video)  (FYI that links also appears in the FAQ.) ..There's a page for [music](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/music) too created &amp; maintained by /u/raevie.  ..We're still looking for someone to do a books page.  If anyone is interested &amp; willing send the mods a modmail using the link in the sidebar. (Or just send a pm to #stopdrinking.  Be sure to include the #-sign.)
One of my relapse prevention tools was doing a video diary of my last detox only seen it once in almost 10 months I was so pathetic I never want to see that face looking back at me again.
[deleted]
Damn I wasn't expecting to cry. That was extremely powerful and sad.
I've seen this before but it's definitely a good reminder. Very sad and also VERY scary I can't get over how much of an asshole that doctor is too. I know it's for shock value but damn.
I have seen this 3 times so far in the last year and I can relate to it far to well. I never want to be in that position again.
I couldn't sit still while he was getting his medical evaluations. The beating that his body took was horrible..
[deleted]
This brought me to tears. Reality TV at its most poignant.
Jesus christ.. 17 days into rehab.. That is scary as hell.
I watched this video very early in my sobriety and it brought me to tears. Scary stuff. 
Prison insanity or death are guaranteed to be in the future of alcoholics who continue to drink. Unjustified intellectual pride keeps more alcoholics from recovery than anything else I know of.
Wow they should show that in high schools
Watched it for the first time.  Profoundly disturbing video.
[deleted]
holy shit that guy is on some next level alcoholism  
I try to forget my past where I was at in my lowest points of drinking with all the shaking and liquor chugging. Not being able to go longer then a few hours without a drink at best sometimes beer was not effective The fact it used to be me really scares me. ..Seen the video once I simply cant watch it again. I said it once before you cannot consider drinking an option to deal with ANYTHING when you get sober it is off the table. Unfortantly for him it was too late
Right in the feels! He seemed like he was a really kind spirited guy. Also one crazy mofucka for drinking on that broken hip. Reminded me of the times i flew off my bike and wouldn't feel a thing until i was sober and realized i broke a couple ribs. 
Watched it many times to help remind myself. I can totally relate to him going to the liquor stor in the beginning and his ex bringing him vodka at the therapists. Never wanna go through it again I remember myself sitting and shaking feeling on the edge of a seizure waiting for someone to bring me a pint. Only sober around 5 weeks here still deal with some gastritis like symptoms and panic but its been amazing not being tethered to somewhere a bottle is available when the complete panic and jumpyness sets in...Just thinking out loud at this point but its funny how most people drink 2 beers or less in a sitting I would hammer down 4 or 5 shots just to walk to the store. 
Another thought. Some in the commenrs were saying his grandpa was an enabler but on the other hand he may have also been keeping him alive. A lot of people dont seem to realize you cant just cut off an alcoholic. A family member once poured out my stash and I experienced my first seizure.
Wow... I just started watching 2 minutes and got that feeling like I have seen this before. It hit me like a ton of bricks. I just realized I watched this as I was hitting my bottom. I could see my progression going there and going there quickly. This documentary definitely planted a seed that I needed to stop. I didn't know how at the time so I started coming here more frequently and finally decided to start going to AA meetings.
