-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28vnxq/friends/

As of recently it has come to light that a couple of my friends are being set up for interventions.  I've been through one of my own that ended me up in Detox for 72 hours.  After coming home I relapsed hardcore for nearly an entire year before realizing I needed to sober out.  I went from drinking socially to hiding it from everyone...My 2 friends have expressed interest in quitting drinking but thats as far as its gone.  Ive offered an ear to listen a shoulder to cry on and a place to come when they need help.  Ive offered resources (like AA and this subreddit) and expressed the knowledge of only they can choose to become sober.  I wont force them into anything since they are grown adults and are capable of making their own change.  I have told them I care about them and wish the best.  I am lost on how I should handle these interventions.  What I should prepare in writing if I am asked to speak.  Interventions are never easy for any party involved I just want these to turn out better than what I made mine into.  I expect it to be rough.  Looking for insight or wisdom on the subject... something to help the thought process and ease some anxiety...Thanks in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

I never had an intervention seen many on TV documentaries on addiction. You know that's tough. I am picturing myself in their seat what would I want to hear? I think just your "experience strength and hope" and your pledge of support they know you are fresh from the fire so seeing your commitment early on is a good thing. You also might gain some insight from others that you know will be there or from the person running the show they are pros and hopefully have a clearer picture of the do's and dont'ts 
[deleted]
&gt; I am lost on how I should handle these interventions. What I should prepare in writing if I am asked to speak. ..At 61 days I'd stay as much at arm's length as possible which isn't to say that you don't have something to contribute.  *All we have to  share is our experience support and hope* that we all live without the potential tragedy of premature death and suffering from alcoholism.  Who knows but your recent recovery made lend real credibility and hope for your friends.
