-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/291bfe/working_the_steps_and_achieving_spiritual_growth/

Hi everyone. Tonight while out on an evening walk with my beagle I had my first moment of spiritual clarity and inspiration. ..I came to AA broken and without a God. They said "Find God or die mother fucker." Apparently old timers liked to say that. I really struggled with the whole notion that a God was the only thing stopping alcoholics from drinking. That a God however he may be understood must exist and he is actually responsible for restoring us to sanity. I have no doubt of the importance of spiritual growth and building a relationship with a higher power. What I do not find necessary for working the steps and staying sober is a belief in a God that can directly control and manipulate outcomes in your life. No believing in a God with a master plan does not preclude one from having a vital spiritual awakening. Please tell me if my thought processes has been discussed before and recommend readings that relate to my ideas. ..It appears that one is obtaining some crucial life skills and positive thinking patterns by building a relationship with God. An alcoholic will have learned many maladaptive coping mechanisms thought patterns and interpersonal tendencies through drinking. By taking personal inventory and asking God to remove his or her shortcomings an alcoholic is actually bringing maladaptive life skills to the forefront of consciousness and making a conscious and spiritual decision to remove the short comings. I think here lies the most important part of the process. The alcoholic is taking steps to address these fundamental flaws that promote selfish behavior and drinking in the highest form of consciousness spirituality. To me spirituality is simply the state of consciousness where one's perception of events is entirely removed from self from the confines of humanity's influence on outcomes. That is thinking of powers greater than oneself at force in the outcome of life. A higher power to me needs only be a force or power greater than oneself that will exist regardless of any action or influence from humans. It does not need to be a power that is even concerned with the affairs of humans. For example I found a quite profound sense of spirituality within nature and life. The powers of evolution and the universe intrigue and inspire me give me a child like sense of wonder and happiness. Every living creature on this planet exists now because they adapted best to each other in the context of Earth's position to the Sun. Remove one part of life or even a single element of the events that led up to the position of the Earth to the Sun and the life collective would be entirely different. It fills me with a deep sense of unity and cohesiveness. That the powers of life of which I am apart are at work in a much more elegant and constructive way than my self-will. ..After admitting I was powerless over alcohol that my life had become unmanageable I came to believe that I could be restored to sanity by building a relationship and understanding of the immense powers of nature and the universe. I did not believe the powers themselves would restore me to sanity but that the relationship I built would. This is because I am taking something that will always exist that intrigues inspires and exhilarates me that is so much more powerful in the grand scheme of things than my own perception and self will and making a conscious decision to view my drinking and character defects within the terms of these powers. Then I can mediate and pray using these powers as a spiritual rock for consciously making a decision to remove the desire to stop drinking and my character defects. In essence I think one can work the steps and achieve huge spiritual growth without a God as long as one is still reaping all of the benefits of building a relationship with a higher power..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I struggled with this for quite some time turns out it was a thinly veiled attempt to justify continued drinking. After 10 years of my justifications for failure. It was literally do or die. I  leaned heavily on AA in my first 90 days in that time I quit my job got something very party time using little brain power so I could hammer out a program that worked for me which I did and it does.
I am agnostic and wrestled the very same demons...It was pointed out to me that it was as I understood which can mean as I don't have a clue.  I do acknowledge i did not create the universe and it does not actually revolve around me.  That's all I've needed...I Do have to let portions of the steps pass on by but the fundamental purpose changing the things that made alcohol drugs people's praise etc something that ruled my life.   That has happened - through the steps 
&gt; After admitting I was powerless over alcohol that my life had become unmanageable I came to believe that I could be restored to sanity by building a relationship and understanding of the immense powers of nature and the universe...And that my friend is perfect!  Thanks for this great post.
Beautifully expressed and written. I think I just heard someone explain god as I understand god...&gt;I did not believe the powers themselves would restore me to sanity but that the relationship I built would..Yep me too...I'm told that if you take an iron rod hold it so that it's pointing toward magnetic north and bang the south end of it with a hammer it will become magnetized. This is because the force will knock all the iron molecules into line with the pole. I often think of my program in these terms. AA helped point me in the right direction and gave me a good knock in the ass. So long as I keep facing north I keep getting better and better aligned with the forces of nature.
