-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/291tjb/just_a_fleeting_checkup_the_obligatory_30day_post/

OK so I've made the first hurdle that's great. I've been taking it easy only socialising with my closest friends and staying well clear of the demon drink. Also I've been browsing this subreddit religiously every day and seeing the difficulties some of you experience makes me feel happy looking at that little star badge. I hope you also earn this and much more too...Now for the brief check up. I've gone a whole month without any black-outs major relationship break ups and dangerous situations in which I was lucky to escape  relatively unscathed. Am I any better? No because I'm only just realising alcohol isn't the reason I'm messed up. ..Sure alcohol never helps and it's vital you get off it ASAP if you're on this subreddit and still drinking. But is alcohol the cause of mine or your problems? I've been doing a lot of thinking and reflecting looking back on how I used to deal with my problems. You know those old submarine movies when there's that one scene where a bunch of men grab a spanner and try with all their strength to close or open a big metal valve or pipe? Trying to release all that pressure? For me alcohol was like surrounding the valve with copious amounts of C4 then pressing the button and running away. ..I'm ashamed to say that I haven't been to any AA meetings or made any drastic changes to my lifestyle. Going 'dry drunk' is bad bad bad. It isn't easy but it doesn't have to be difficult and it's only now that I've started making changes. I've started going to bed earlier and practising yoga. Eating healthier. Practising meditation and little techniques to help recognise when a bad thought is gonna send me on a downward spiral helps to. But an AA meeting would be an even bigger help. Yes there is an 'I' in island but that's as far as it goes! I need help because I can't relapse. Not now not ever...
----------immediate responses--------

You deserve your star /u/FrancisDollarHyde -- now let's get to a few recovery meetings!  How about noon today?
Good stuff :D
I can't recommend meetings highly enough especially right at the beginning.  Those first 30-60 days were when I was most receptive to what everybody was saying and it helped me organize my thoughts and chart my course.  
I'm just gonna say I'm two hours post going to a meeting today...and it helps so much...i still feel anxious and out of sorts at least I'm aware of how i feel and recognizing that 'this too shall pass' .I  really identified with a lot of what you wrote about recognizing when a bad thought is going to turn into a spiral. Etc...and other things you wrote. I'm learning so many good recovery tools at the meetings I go to. Also just the fact that im DOING something for my recovery...taking action...they're worth it!
There's no shame in not going to AA IMO.  AA has helped many people but it isn't for everyone and is not the only way to get or stay sober and address the issues that remain in abstinence.   Sounds as though you've made several positive changes in a very short span of time (not drinking eating better exercising meditating establishing a good sleep schedule techniques for thinking through emotional responses before they consume you)! That is a great deal of change of which you should be proud!..I'm not trying to dissuade you from trying AA; just don't personally feel there is any reason to feel "ashamed" that you haven't yet.  ;)..Congratulations on your 30 days and all the positive changes you've made! ..
Congratulations!! 
Don't be ashamed if you're not going to AA and calling yourself a dry drunk when you're 30 days sober and in the next sentence you say: ..&gt;I've started going to bed earlier and practising yoga. Eating healthier. Practising meditation and little techniques to help recognise when a bad thought is gonna send me on a downward spiral helps to...If you feel AA will help you and is necessary then go. But don't be upset that haven't gone. The ultimate goal of the sub is to stop drinking not to go to AA. And you made it 30 days!! Awesome. :)
