-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29264a/another_badge_reset/

Hello all - I've posted on here a couple of times before but I'm at my whit's end. I like so many times in the past drank on Monday night. This time I went to a sporting event and thought I could have one beer. How big of a dumb ass can I be? I remember drinking that beer and then after that I have no recollection of what happened after. I know my wife went searching for me and I know that I made it home. That is it...At the present time: My wife wants a separation and I don't blame her from wanting a little space because I have lied to her so many times it's ridiculous. but we are super tight on money and I can't afford a hotel or anything.. so I'm still at the house. It is the most awkward situation that I have ever been asked to endure and I'm only on day 2 of it... When I feel depressed and lonely I tend to drink but that is off the table if I want a chance to stay w/ my wife...I guess it's just hard for me to wrap my head around how big of a fuck up I really am. This past year has been nothing but shit. I went to detox/IOP got 89 days sober and got some bad news and tossed my sobriety away like it was fucking trash. Since then I just can't seem to put more than 2 weeks of sobriety together. I have reset my badge on SD so many times I'm sure the mods have damn near worn out their mouse. I try to put a happy face on for people at my job but that is harder than ever to do. I'm a fucking wreck. ..I guess I'm just struggling pretty bad right now and need to get that off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear this but you need to put this behind you and move forward....today.  What are you doing for support or working a program anything??
I'm sorry you are struggling. /u/Nika65 has already given you great advice on active recovery tools. If you have a hard time saying no to that first beer in social situations stay away from them for a while. ..Keep working and reaching for sobriety we will be here rooting for you. 
&gt;I guess it's just hard for me to wrap my head around how big of a fuck up I really am. ..Easy on yourself man. 
Hey i am new here and don't have much advice...But hang in there and fuck alcohol. ..It makes me so mad to see it destroy lives left and right and yet seeing everyone treat it like a funny harmless thing. 
