-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29578u/fear/

Just posting to help process my emotions a little.  I realize I need to reach out to a sponsor or something. Wanted to go to a meeting this morning but was too scared of waking up the house owners dog and pissing off the guy. Always scared of pissing of the guy.. Anyway he's a really decent guy it's just he has a lot of stress and it affects me and I don't like to be around it or him. So it just gets really tense here...My work is seasonal so I know I will be somewhere else by Oct. But I'm so scared about the next few months and what's gonna happen ..Anyway just posting that instead of stuffing it. With all do respect I'm not looking for lots of advice along the lines of ' well why don't you just find another place to live its that simple 'because its a really long story with a lot of details about why and how I'm here that I don't feel like getting into. The reality of the Long Island housing market and what it costs my boyfriend lives out here and I want to be able to see him before I leave for the winter blah blah blah...( not able to live where he is though)it's just complicated and frustrating and I can't really explain all the particulars. I gotta find a sponsor...The main thing I'm venting about is I just have so much fear about the next few months and where I'll be. I really want his living situation to work but sometimes I feel such fear and dread want to hide. I'm always worried about pissing the guy off. He is a very good person but he struggles with stress health issues depression his wife has leukemia.. I'm here to help out in their plant nursery for room and board and I feel constantly like I'm fucking things up making mistakes and causing him stress.  My 'fight or flight' adrenaline kicks in and it's flight.. I just want to run some where and cry. All the fucking time. ... His bad mood makes me hate leaving my room and going down the hall to use bathroom ... I know its not all about me. ..Its just rough you know? Close quarters. He's my boss and there he is in the morning glowering on the couch ....Learning these skills not to take everything personally I know is critical .  But Jesus the fear I feel everyday...its fucking up my stomach my appetite. Plus the fears and " what its" if they tell me to leave. I feel like for them having someone in recovery stay with them is a lot to put on them..I try and be helpful and considerate bit I always feel like I'm making mistakes and not doing enough and making shit worse...  I have to get better at being present and not letting my mind stay there...Anyway just wanted to get that off my chest. I'm getting sober and that's huge. It's part of the reason I want to stay because it's happening here for some reason. ..This is the longest stretch without drinking since forever. I was in rehab in 2010 and now I've beat that. Yesterday I didn't smoke pot and I feel like I'm ready to be done with that. That will def help with anxiety ..This weekend I get to go away my brothers getting married. My family knows i can't drink so its not even an issue. I just can't wait for this day to be done and tomorrow my boyfriend ( who is the most positive supportive loving  guy you could ever ask for) and I will be on a train and can relax and enjoy each others company. ..Thanks for reading this. It was very cathartic. This too shall pass.. This too shall pass. Yoga time.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. ..Your post reminds me how helpful it can be to journal just to get feelings out somehow helps. Not that it even changes anything in our real world but sharing seems to lessen the load. Saying it out loud is even better. Yes a sponsor would help. ..Fear seems to be almost paralyzing you your actions and your thinking. Is there any one thing you could talk about with your boss? His problems have little to do with you do they? You may feel like you're making mistakes but are you really? Just something to think about. ..I'm a little skittish today myself since I have a job interview for a small part-time job. I'm old. I've even been retired for a few years. So fear is part of the human condition. The serenity prayer helps me...Look forward to the wedding and time with your boyfriend. I hope you will find courage and calmness in the sober days ahead. ..
&gt;  I just have so much fear about the next few months and where I'll be..Thank you for sharing this /u/ZachRyder19!  I oft times project out into the future mulling over the possibilities of what might be.  I've gotten pretty good at recognizing when I have these feelings and I'm better at putting those feelings aside and staying in the moment...I always have to return to the thought of "What is the NEXT right thing to do?"  Not what is the right thing to do tomorrow.  What is the next right thing to do in the next hour.  ..Staying in the present helps dispell these feelings of fear in me.  It's hard at first but if you don't drink TODAY it will get easier :) 
Here's my advice....naw fuck it no advice today.......Congratulations on another day for you and keep doing what you are doing.  You seem like you have a great self-awareness which is really important.  I appreciate you taking the time to share here!..Good luck.
Somebody recontextualized fear as follows:..False..Evidence..Appearing ..Real.._____________________________.I don't know about that--I was afraid I was going to go to prison and I did; but in many ways this formulation helped me even in my darkest moments.  I was able to stay sober through all my ordeals manage my feelings recover and get back to life.  ..
Just wanted to say thank you thank you thank you. At some point I will have to talk to the guy BC it honestly feels like this ain't working. I may have to go camp somewhere. I will wait till after wedding weekend to tackle all this. So be it. I'm sober. 36 days waking up without a hangover. Thank you to all the people on subreddit. 
