-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/296vzj/sober_touring_musician_success/

so a few weeks back i posted in here asking for any advice anyone might have on being a newly-sober musician and playing shows/touring as the music world is positively soaked in liquor. after stating that i'm not an AA meeting guy the one piece of sage advice offered was to go to a meeting. not super thrilled with the quality of insight there but whatevs...real briefly i'm a dude who drank tons up until january. i was in a pretty brutal car accident while drunk a decade ago and it took me about 10 years to come to terms with my alcoholism. i decided to quit after my last show. in the interim i got a record deal an option for another and a short tour booked. needless to say i was a little apprehensive as i've only ever done stuff live while ripped to the gills righ up until the very last time i did it...i had just assumed that this tour was going to be my relapse. it seemed like a foregone conclusion. to my surprise even though i felt awkward and anxious several thousand times during the whole process nothing made drinking seem worth it. seeing all the drunk kids who had to be carried out of our shows was a good reminder of where i would be if i drank. i knew that if i committed to one beer i'd absolutely have to commit to ten and with the amount of gear logistics and money involved it just didn't seem like i could allow myself a relapse. for some reason the risk was no longer worth the reward which is complete change for me.  ..it turns out sobriety is worth more than comfortability or familiarity. i didn't lose any gear (did that on previous tours) was in charge of all the money (and there was a lot more considering i didn't drink it away on a tab) and made a lot of good connections that i can remember. ..if you're a musician or performing artist of some sort it can be done. it turns out that one of the guys i was touring with was sober and i met a bunch of people at shows who weren't drinking. a couple of other dudes i was with praised my commitment to sobriety and said it even made them consider their responsibilities/goals more during the tour and drink less. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;it turns out that one of the guys i was touring with was sober and i met a bunch of people at shows who weren't drinking...It is amazing that we never notice stuff like this when we are shitfaced.  Well done on the tour and the record deals.  Sounds like you are doing well.  You should post a link to some of your songs!  Good luck in the future...Sobriety Rocks.
Thanks I needed to hear this. I've been so paralyzed by this very issue I can't even busk. ..Being a non-drinker is a huge statement actions speak louder than words. 
Wow! I totally remember you- thanks so much for checking back and what an awesome testament to the ease with which we can move through life when it really "clicks" right?
This is great!  I think I told you I go to meetings and work very close to the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame so i see lots of touring bands and crew come through.  I know it's doable.  Now YOU are our power of example on the Sub!  
It's so freeing to let go of the idea that being an artist of any sort needs to go hand in hand with struggle and a haze of drink or drugs or mental illness to be true or pure it's just rubbish! Good for you. ..Not a musician myself but I really look up to Ben Gibbard of Death Cab for Cutie sounds like a similar situation that you went through yourself that he recognised that he had a problem with alcohol and just cut it out didn't go down the meetings route. I think that was in 2008 and he's still touring and creating solidly. I've seen him play a few times over the years and last year was the first time I've seen him since he got sober and even as someone who obviously doesn't know him at all I could really tell the difference he had so much more energy and was much more present it honestly improved the music and was very inspiring. Best of luck on your own journey. 
