-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/299kse/trigger_warning_housemates_relapse_possibly_not/

Hi folks. So my house has been totally alcohol free (other drugs were never in the picture) for about a year now. Even before I quit drinking 9 months ago  housemate #1 and I decided we didn't want to drink in the house because it was too easily becoming a nightly event...  All is well blah blah... I started going to 12 step meetings a few months ago and met a nice guy who was having troubles with his then current housemates. After a couple weeks of seeing him at meetings every day I tell him 'hey we have an open room in our house. if you feel your current situation is too yucky we can chat about you moving in'. Cool. He moved in. This was 2 or 3 months ago...Everything is going well; housemate #1 and I think this new housemate #2 is just fantastic. He started hanging out with this guy and they drank together at friend's place--this was about a week and a half  ago. He's feeling remorseful gets back on the wagon. So this friend he drank with / has been hanging out with...housemate #2 falls in love with him. Problem is the friend (also in the 12 step program) isn't gay. ..Super long story short housemate #2 goes on a WICKED drinking binge 3 or 4 days ago thinking he's hiding it from housemate #1 and I. We decide not to confront him while he's fucked up and say we will have a chat when he sobers up. He's all blah blah blah unrequited love and what not...Well yesterday afternoon he comes home (driving his rental car drunk) and he is FUCKEDDDDDD UP. Says he needs me to take him to hospital. Yup let's go. He changes his mind goes to his room. I help him down the hall & get him in bed. Got his puke bucket ready some water ok sleep it off. Nope. He's all amped up talking suicide (my little brother killed himself; I take that shit super seriously and at the same time will not tolerate the chance of finding a fucking dead body in my house). There are many many pill bottles in his room. Oh and 3 empty vodka bottles I spotted while helping him into bed...He goes ON AND ON AND ON about killing himself. He pukes misses bucket blah blah blah it's all a fucked up scene...I got a hold of someone in the program and asked for advice. Ended up calling police non-emergency to see what could be done. Cops and EMTs show up (I don't call the cops ever. I was truly at a loss) and EMTs tell me holy crap it's good you called us. He was DANGEROUSLY drunk. ..So now it's the next day. Hospital has released or moved him (they won't say) he has my house key I don't want him coming back into my home. He spoke to a mutual friend from hospital and stated that he is  "not done" using. He has done rehab at least once before has DUIs has hit a pedestrian with his car in the past on and on and on. Can I  / should I force his possible rock bottom by not allowing him back in my home? What about his things? I've already had the car rental company come and get their car out of my yard. What happened to his car is a mystery; his story is all over the place about it.  I have my own recovery to think about. Gah...Halp!..**tl;dr: housemate in recovery relapses big time gets taken away by paramedics. I'm at a loss**..**UPDATE: he was in hospital overnight and has been moved to the psych ward**...
----------immediate responses--------

You have a right to be safe in your home. By no means let this man return. Take care of yourself. His recovery or "bottom" is not your responsibility. 
One of the few times you will ever hear me say deal with another's alcohol use apart from being a designated driver is this sort of situation.  Maintain safe boundaries when drunks or drug addicts appear to be dangerously unstable.  We had a situation locally where a sober individual was struggling over car keys with a drunk and was slain by the drunk.  Worthy motive by the sober person lousy outcome largely because the time to take keys is not when the raging drunk is heading up the street to his car.  Boundaries.
[deleted]
Give him a 30-day written eviction notice. Do not give any reason. Just notify him he has to vacate by the date given. Notify him that anything of his still on the property after that date will be donated or thrown away...If he goes nuts about reasons or legal standing etc then it might be time to lawyer up and get the paperwork done officially. But most likely he'll simply abide by your notice. Problem solved...Good luck.
