-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29amlu/how_sobriety_is_like_yoga/

So this popped in my head during shavasana today and I thought I'd share. ..I am new to yoga and I struggle with basically anything that requires me to balance on one foot. Today we are doing a pose where I need to bend one leg up over my knee fold at the waist to my leg and balance on one foot. I keep tripping and falling and I almost give up. When I'm standing there thinking that I just won't be able to do it I notice the foot of the girl in front of me. It's alive and twitching all its muscles working and adjusting as she works to maintain the balance. I realize that I'm not holding the pose because I assumed that balance was just a foot planted perfectly still. ..This reminds me of the balance I require in my life to remain sober. I have always thought it's something you just do. Plant that foot. Stay balanced. But I am coming to realize that you must constantly work for that balance. You have to use all your muscles. Sometimes it's just denial of impulses. Sometimes it's dealing with the emotional problems that trigger those impulses. ..Anyway that's what I got. Today was a good day. My birthday! I'm starting this new year off well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday!!!! Make this your best year yet!
Great observation! I sometimes get so frustrated with that foot doin' the wiggle-jiggle dance but you are right that it needs to do its thing-- and eventually it doing its thing becomes totally second-nature if you let it! It's work but it's not a struggle...Happy birthday!
Nice observation!
When it comes to those one legged poses I really like to think of this bruce lee quote. It sounds like you are thinking the same.. "Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind."... also congrats on a week! that's awesome work. 
Great insight!  Thanks for sharing this :). 
Such a great analogy!  Happy happy birthday!  :)
