-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29cuu0/day_14_and_dealing_with_infidelity/

As I posted about here a while back I had a one-night relapse 14 days ago today. Since then I've been going to a lot of meetings (not 14 in 14 but fairly close) shopping around for a home group that I like reading tons of soberrecovery.com and r/stopdrinking reading a book on addiction and so on. I've also come clean about my alcohol problem with my family and am receiving a lot of support there...Well today has sucked. I found out that my wife has been unfaithful - not necessarily physically but enough to be a real problem. We had a massive fight about it before she left for work this morning and in the middle of it she started going on about my drinking problems - "Oh yeah? Well you're just a damn alcoholic!" and "it's not like you've never done anything wrong!" and so on as though that somehow excuses her cheating while I've been sober...I can't understand the mindset that would equate infidelity with alcohol addiction. I have certainly not been easy to deal with when I was an active alcoholic and I've done some pretty awful things but I didn't choose to be an addict and am actively working on recovery. She has chosen to cheat on her partner while he is in recovery...At the very least I have no impulse to drink today. Drinking is 90% of how I wound up in a relationship with this woman (broke up with her while sober went back to her when I was drunk) drinking has damaged whatever relationship we've had and drinking today will do nothing to solve my problems...She should be home at 5 today. I fully intend on being at my 7:30 AA meeting regardless of whether she's still around or not. Frankly I don't give a damn if she is or not. I am getting sober for myself..
----------immediate responses--------

Ughsorry you are going through this not like early recovery isn't hard enough if that is the only thing going on. I've been in this situation before. It's hard not to obsess over. She's obviously hurt at this stage in your recovery there isn't really anything you can do to change that with the exception of guiding her to ALANON which if not framed the right way could make her more upset. Preparing to say "I've got to get sober with or without your support." ..For a lot of that were or are in relationships the chances that alcohol was a big driving factor in the beginning is petty high regardless it's a crap shoot I did everything "right" for the first an only relationship I've had in 6 years and still got dumped. I think the gods are saying "how many times do we have to show you that you are meant to be solo?"...Stay strong.
You didn't choose to be an addict but you chose to keep using for as long as you did.  It sounds a bit like you're trying to say that your situation isn't your fault. Becoming an addict was never within your control that's true.  But remaining in addictive addiction was a choice you made many many times.  You could have sought help sooner but you didn't.  You could have chosen to not relapse 2 weeks ago. ..From her point of view you chose and are continuing to choose the drug over her.  She's right too.  It ain't easy livin' with an alcoholic man.  That doesn't excuse her actions but it should help you understand them.   She very likely at this point does not know if she wants to remain married to an addict.  In her mind she's probably halfway out the door already. ..Dude I know it sucks to go through this but you are not going to win this battle.  If you want to keep your marriage together your best course of action is to say (and fully believe) "I know I drove you away. I know this isn't what you signed up for.  I accept responsibility and I apologize.  I hope you'll give me the opportunity to repair what I've broken."..The damage to your relationship has already been done.  Right now you can either try to fix it stay in a broken relationship or walk away.  Pretending that your drinking is out of your control is not going to help.
That sucks man I'm sorry you got that thrown onto your plate after two weeks back on the wagon...It sounds like she wasn't equating infidelity to alcohol addiction but you had her cornered in the conversation and she was just looking for something hurtful to say. "Oh yeah? You're right but fuck you!" Honestly if you weren't an alcoholic it sounds like she would've picked out some other part of you that you're self conscious of...I'm sure there's more to the story but based off what you are saying in this post it doesn't sound like you have anything to apologize for. She knew what she was getting into when she got back together with you. You're trying to make the best of a shitty situation and work on recovering. Keep your chin up and do whatever you've gotta do man. Hope things smooth out for you
You are using addiction as an excuse for your poor behavior why can't you use it as an excuse for her? Why is she expected to deal with all the shit that comes with being married to an alcoholic and not suffer herself? Have you heard of Al Anon? Are you aware how badly addicts harm the people that care about them? Your wife had an affair she's human as are you. It seems you are very quick to forgive yourself but don't grant your wife the same. Do you love your wife? If you do you have to at the bare minimum be as lenient with her as you are with yourself...I'm not saying cheating is ok  but you can't chalk up all the shit you did to alcoholism and then blame her for not loving you for it. How would you have reacted if she put you through all you have put her through?
When I sobered up I went through some nasty stuff with my wife. In the end we both came to the conclusion we wanted to put issues behind us and move forward. We were pretty thorough about this and both consulted. The hardest part for both of us was checking our egos. I am happy we did. My point is that defects should not be ranked using some kind of cosmic scorecard. Trying to figure if a slip is better or worst than a flirt will not build anything. What matters is if you both feel you are made for each other. Honnest talk will tell. You are right to head for a meeting. I think you will eventually come to the conclusion that your relationship and your sobriety are two distinct issues. I wish you what is the best for both.
