-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29g7e4/stalling_out/

Now that I'm or of the woods of active addiction (whatever that means) I've begun stagnating. Gotten too comfortable at this stage of recovery.  Been fantasizing about the feeling of one last drunk or high. Rationalizing that a relapse would push me to change and improve more.  Just posting this to get it out there and acknowledge it but any comments would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I would not call 35 days out of active addiction....where did you hear that? Never mind doesn't matter. Complacency is an addict's worst enemy. I often joke that if you want to call me the "C" word it better be cunt and not complacent. Early sobriety has a lot of peaks and valleys what it find typical here is after the initial detox week 2 gets rough then 30 and 60 days by 90 the terrain is much more predictable but I digress. ..Drinking again so I don't do the beg and plead never worked for me I don't find it useful to the person for which one might beg....bottom line I spend a lot of time here because I believe addiction to be something very stigmatized very disrespected and something the sufferer has a really hard time articulating for fear of not being understood or belittled or a host of other rational and completely irrational predictions of how one might react. ALL THAT being said you will do what you want as long as you know with crystal clarity that when you choose that behavior you have chosen the consequences and that those consequences aren't going to be lighter since you gave it up once for 35 days that it could be much much worse if you are okay with that no point in arguing over it. Please be careful. 
[deleted]
Unfortunately I stopped being vigilant many many times around the same point in sobriety. Then I would mess up hugely for a few months and really struggle with getting back on track. Its one of the things I have to remind myself of. When I drink I experience the phenomenon of craving. And that craving doesn't go away when I get up the next day after a night of drinking. It just intensifies. ..Don't bargain with yourself buddy. No drinking today!!! :)
In your shoes I'd be at the first AA meeting I could work into my schedule today.
sounds like post acute withdrawal symptoms
