-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29hkbb/got_a_sponsor_need_advice/

So I relapsed and it finally humbled me enough to realize that I need to get serious and get over my "reservations" about AA.  My IOP program and an individual counselor aren't enough.  I went to a bunch of meetings this weekend and asked someone to be my sponsor.  He seems really energetic and enthusiastic which I think will be good for me because I am the opposite...Anyway on Sunday morning before picking my sponsor I am talking it over with my girlfriend.  I tell her that I really like this person we will call Pete.  My girlfriend says "Huh Kaitlyn's uncle is named Pete and he lives in the area and is really in to AA I wonder if that is him."  Kaitlyn is a very close friend of hers.  I didn't think much of it and I eventually I ask Pete to be my sponsor.  After he and I talk I realize that he is in fact my girlfriend's friend's uncle Pete.  ..I am not sure how to approach this now. My girlfriend knows a lot about him (nothing necessarily negative) so I feel like I have to disclose this to him.  I guess I am not sure whether I violated any rules or was in any way inappropriate.  It is Alcoholic's "Anonymous" after all but it's not like I outed him as an alcoholic or anything I just told my girlfriend my sponsor's name and she and I put two and two together.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/powerless_1986 on taking these positive steps forward.  I'm not sure why the news that this is your gf's uncle means anything.  My experience with AA is that we protect what we lean about one another and unless Uncle Pete has a reputation for being untrustworthy in this respect I would think you'd be in good hands.  By the way Anonymity doesn't mean we don't know our various Uncles or neighbors are in recovery but it does mean that we protect one another's anonymity confidences and we don't go on TV film or social media claiming to be spokesmen and women for AA or NA.  If we were totally anonymous people who need our support couldn't find us.
You should just tell him what you told us here.  No big deal.  ..Good luck and keep moving forward!
It'll be fine!
