-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29qel9/checking_in_for_day_2/

I went to bed sober last night which mysteriously led to me waking up sober this morning. I started this morning off with a commitment to stay sober. ..I sometimes wonder why should I post here. As someone who has relapsed frequently but been around a while (I think) I already know what to do and (I think) I already know what most of the responses will be to a post. However as my record shows knowledge of recovery talk and recovery "stuff" does not get  or keep me sober. So I am forcing myself to post this to stay engaged because isolation releases me from accountability. I am posting this as an action towards the decision to stay sober. Thanks for being here...
----------immediate responses--------

Knowing it in the brain was not enough for me...Not to get all spiritual but I had to move the knowing to my heart - a very long 12 inches or so.  Thing is you are worth it.  ..Congrats on day two this can be the last time you have to go through this shit.
So did you actually sleep?  I hated the not sleeping early on.
Maybe just maybe just posting here is not enough?  I need to meet people in my situation in real life as well to make myself accountable.  I slipped a lot in the beginning as well though so who knows.  It was hard for me to admit defeat in the end!  Good luck.
Congratulations. You never have to go through day 2 again. It's simple but not easy: don't drink don't think go to a meeting pray like hell help somebody else. Rinse and repeat. Good luck.
You post here because you know we love you and we are pulling for you to get sober days and join us on the sober highway.
Excuse me if you have read this before but....I was at a meeting a few weeks ago and a guy next to me shared how he tried to get sober and relapsed 5 times.  Each time never making it more than a few weeks even though he was "totally committed" to getting it done right.  He was beaten down and totally dominated by his failures.  At that meeting he was currently on his 6th try at sobriety...Oh yea the 6th try was currently going on for something like 30 freakin' years!  Yes he had been sober for 30 some years after "failing" those 5 other times.  ..I don't know if this means anything to you but I found it to be a very powerful story...Good luck!
[deleted]
I feel very similar. I knew all the knowledge and talked it well off and on for more than a decade. What has worked better this time has been taking different actions. Not just "better" actions or "smarter" than what I did before but just significantly different from what I did before. It hasn't been important to understand ahead of time why any particular action or behavior is going to keep me sober I think the point is that I've been showing my body and my subconscious that we do things differently now we react differently now.  The reasons are not so important. I'm coming to realize that those "reasons" for my behavior have often been little more than a story I tell myself as I watch my life unfold as it will. 
"I started this morning off with a commitment to stay sober"..Thats a great start. I relapsed often as well! Im more on track now I would like to think but it is still tough. Isolation doesn't just release you from accountability if you are anything like me it gives me too much time in my head which is a pretty bad neighbourhood to be spending time in. My go to is isolation for some reason its something I am working on. ..Thank YOU for being here. Hang around this place is pretty cool...
&gt;which mysteriously led to me waking up sober this morning..made me LOL for real.  Funny how that works...I'm rooting for you GF.  Want can be a powerful thing and I truly believe that at some point your wanting to be sober will completely overtake your want for alcohol. I hope that point is today. 
