-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29qwhy/left_my_fiance_for_drinking_twice_gone_back_a/

I'll try to keep this as short as possible. ..We've been together 6 1/2 years. He was my first boyfriend and always had a drinking problem. I don't drink and for the first two years I refused to accept that it was a problem (although these were the lowest periods) because I just thought it was normal and I was the weird one for not drinking. While he drank although he was never abusive I hated everything about him. And it was virtually every day. ..After about 2 years together I worked up the courage to start talking to him about it. The first several conversations were one-sided. I talked about why I thought it was a problem why it bothered me the health risks etc. He sat in silence for most of it. On several occaisions I asked him to quit. I gave him lists of resources for help (both group support forums books health care system). He would quit periodically but always returned to drinking...About a year ago I walked out on him. I couldn't deal with it any more as we had been going back and forth through the same thing over and over again. I made it clear that I wouldn't go through it again and he had to change and this was the last time for me...He convinced me to come back by showing me his plans to stay sober this time. He was then sober for 1 year after this. We became much happier together. About 4 months ago he started drinking again. I watched it happen and didn't say anything. This haunts me constantly and fills me with guilt because I saw it happening but didn't stop it. I just kept saying to myself tomorrow he'll be sober it's just a small relapse. I couldn't bear to face it again. ..Then one day I walked out again without saying anything. I was scared and I ran away from the problem. A few days later I went back to talk to him about it about how he could fix it. He didn't seem to take responsibility and got mad that I kept explaining how much this hurt me. He said we needed solutions not to go over the problem again and again. I kind of lost it then and said I had provided all the solutions I knew how to give and didn't know what else to do anymore. I cried (I'm not a cryer) and I think he may have finally seen what his drinking had done to me over the years. Prior to this conversation he was still drinking while I was gone. I hadn't seen signs that anything would change...I've been staying at my parents but seeing him almost everyday. Since the above conversation he has been sober 2 weeks. He expects that I'll come back. I've even said I WOULD come back. But part of me is filled with doubt and fear and guilt and responsibility. ..I am struggling with the responsbility and guilt of abandonning him when he needed me. Since he's been sober the past two weeks and we've been on dates everything has been so wonderful. I am just scared to go back and go back through everything all over again in 6 months a year 5 years. ..Any advice is greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you may be able to find some help and support at /r/AlAnon. ..The only thing I can say is that I was only ever able to quit for my own reasons not someone else's.
This sounds like one for AlAnon- you should be able to get some good advice there. Best of luck!
I am so sorry for your struggles in dealing with your fiance's alcoholism.  Your question though is better addressed in r/alanon.  I might add that the most helpful and persuasive argument I ever heard from my ex-wife about my then unaddressed drinking was when she started actively going to Al Anon meetings.  Good luck to you.
&gt; This haunts me constantly and fills me with guilt because I saw it happening but didn't stop it...You couldn't have stopped it if you tried. You are in no way responsible for his drinking. This is on him not you. Definitely check out r/alanon.
&gt;I am struggling with the responsbility and guilt of abandonning him when he needed me...Nope. Say this along with me: you didn't cause his drinking you can't control his drinking you can't change his drinking. Whatever happens with regards to this is up to him. If it goes well that's on him. If it goes to shit that's on him too...As has already been suggested you need to work through your reactions to this without taking any responsibility for his behavior. It's tough-love but it's the only kind of love that might make a positive change - in you. Get over to an Al-Anon meeting or post in their sub here. You'll get what you need there.
An adult healthy relationship with an active alcoholic is impossible. The love of his life is not you it is alcohol. We cannot compete with a drug. ..Alanon helped me learn to set boundaries and not get enmeshed in another person's addiction. It taught me to focus on my own issues and stop trying to fix my partner. A counselor would help you explore why you don't think you deserve better than this. It is time to end this merry-go-round. 
