-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29r4nw/dealing_with_guilt_today/

Now that I have accepted my problem and decided to be sober the floodgates of my memory have opened up and I'm really becoming aware of all the damage I have done to my relationships and my reputation because of my drinking over the past year. I try to practice mindfulness and be positive about the future but I can't shake the anxiety associated with the past. I think that's (ironically) what triggers a lot of people into a relapse. They want to forget. As much as I want to forget though I know it's not worth it. And I don't ever want to do anything to make me hate myself as much as I do now.  
----------immediate responses--------

I felt exactly this way too. I ended up writing it all down. I titled it what I hate about drinking but it was really a list of what I hated about myself. It got a ton of shit off my chest and gave me a blueprint on how to make amends. 
Grab a notebook and start writing. Situations where you hurt yourself or others  embarrassed yourself or others dangerous situations. Names of people you hurt. Hurtful/harmful things you said while drinking. Things you missed in the lives around you by being numb from drink. ..Write it all down and take a good look. If you go to AA a list like that may go a very long way towards step 1: accepting that you are powerless over alcohol and life has become unmanageable.  Keep the notebook to help you with future steps but work on forgiving yourself for all of those bad decisions too. You have a chance at a fresh start. Grab on with both hsnds and start climbing out of the hole. 
I struggled with guilt for a long time.  It was painful and made my depression worse (hard to feel good if you are beating yourself up.)..Somewhere along the line I moved into acceptance.  This is what I had done nothing was going to change it.  I could try to change my behavior going forward learn from my mistakes and do my best to avoid them.  ..Truthfully realizing I wasn't some "special snowflake" also helped - many others had done similar or worse things and many of them moved on to improve their lives.  I can credit that to being around other people in recovery and hearing their past stories and what they are today...From your post it sounds you have the right attitude - stay sober and it will work itself out.
Hello~ What you describe is a common problem in early sobriety. Having a counselor helped me focus on the present and gain insight and perspective. However the best resource for dealing with my guilt shame and remorse was working the 12 steps in AA. ..Staying sober one day at a time is the most productive thing you can do. In time you will be able to address the past transgressions but for now stay focused on today. 
Is it guilt or shame that you are feeling?  Alcoholics typically live in a constant state of shame.  I don't like who *I am*.  We do a lot of things that we don't understand and are not capable of dealing with guilt so it packs itself away as shame.  It snowballs.  Non-alcoholics and recovered alcoholics for the most part are capable of feeling guilt and can process it and work through it.  Guilt is a healthy feeling.  Shame is not.  Think of it like a car.  I have a car and it has a broken tail light bad brakes and a cracked windshield.  I can look at it as a nice dependable car with a couple of problems and set out fixing each problem as life allows until they are all taken care of.  Alcoholics would never see the car this way.  They see a piece of shit car with a bunch of problems that they may as well keep neglecting cause it ain't worth shit anyhow.  That is shame.  I never want to feel shame again but I know I will feel guilty about things.  So keep the car clean and start fixing things here and there.  Don't fix them all at once or you won't have money to buy gas.
