-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29zvo9/day_1_again_and_first_time_posting/

Day 1 - here we go again...Just feeling like I need to share a bit as I'm nursing the mother of all hangovers and more than a little bit of guilt and shame...I succeeded at over a hundred days sober beginning this past New Years Eve.  Before that period I had been drinking daily for nearly 8 years anywhere from a 4 litres of beer a day to 10 litres. Closer to 10 for most of that time.  Managed to taper myself over a long period and for those 3 + months of sobriety I kicked some ass in my degree (I am back in university at age 30 years after dropping out due to the addiction) lost 25 pounds and got into better shape started seeing an addictions counselor weekly practiced meditation almost daily etc etc.  ..Once I was off school for the summer I've been slipping back into daily drinking and my life has been slipping back into chaos.  Not drinking every day but a few periods of a week at a time since the end of May.   Starting to lie to family and friends again too which is insane.  I'm very lucky to have wonderful and supportive people there for me - but I need to ask for the support and lying is well not helping there...Having a lack of structure in my life is very dangerous - I can start to convince myself that I can drink just for one night.  That I deserve it for all of the progress I've made.  Insanity isn't it?  Drinking to celebrate my success at not drinking.  ..I'm fed up and am determined to get a full year of sobriety under my belt.  Starting again today...I need to take my recovery seriously again. After 3 months of sobriety I'm feel like a baby when it comes to living a healthy life and cannot afford to give myself too much credit or compromise on the basics of living well.  I have to remain much more vigilant and treat my recovery like it's the most important thing in my life. ..I've been to a couple AA sessions but neither group was a good fit.  The median age at both was probably 70 years old.  Thinking that I need to explore more groups in my area.  Signed up for a weekly relapse prevention session through my local addiction center in a week so that should help with my focus. ..Anyway thanks for reading and sharing so much wisdom here.  I've been reading through many of the posts to try and reorient myself in my recovery.  It's time to start moving forward again or else the next decade of my life could become a total waste like the last one has been. And I don't want to end up dead before I'm 40 which doesn't seem too far fetched if I keep this up.
----------immediate responses--------

A lack of structure for me is deadly. I took a massive cut in pay so I wouldn't have so much free time in hotels away from all accountability (i.e. family and friends). It has been very humbling to look at the reduced paycheck but the feeling of popping into bed sober is priceless.
It sounds like you've got the right attitude to start back up again! Exploring groups is definitely a great idea. I just found a person who's willing to show me a new group everyday to see which one I like best.
Welcome aboard /u/numbersdontcount -- I look forward to your posts and comments.  If I were you I'd call the local AA service office and see if you can get some recommendations for meetings that are a little more reflective of your demographic.  
Courage to ask then feeling stupid knowing it was there all along I made it so much harder than it was. Anxiety is almost a requirement to be an alcoholic the more meetings you attend will make it fade faster.
Getting a bit of sober time makes it really easy to see how much of an effect alcohol has on your life!..Recovery can be a two-steps-forward-one-step-back kind of thing sometimes but it's all part of the process...Congrats on coming back and getting sober again! It's a lot easier the second time and you'll get back in the swing of it in no time!..For now concentrate on the fundamentals. Avoid triggers stay out of 'danger' situations...Learning the "not even one" lesson is tough but you gotta do it. As they say "When you get hit by a train it's not the caboose that kills ya!"
