-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a0usp/heading_to_my_first_aa_tonight/

First post and to be honest it's a little nerve-racking. Apologies for the essay:..I've known for some time that I I'm unhappy with my drinking and the past year or two has been a real yo-yo of abstinence and oblivion. Unfortunately probably more of it has been spent in oblivion and I'm at the stage where I can feel the cycle returning...Over the last year or so I've had a couple of good stints off alcohol all together (2-3months at a time) but I always seem to find myself ending up at the same destination of moving from a beer or two upon resuming drinking to a bottle or two of wine in a night in quick succession. ..Thankfully I've not really had any bad experiences while drinking other than the hangovers. I've got a good job have a loving wife and we have just found out a baby is on the way. While part of me wants to continue the Peter Pan life well into my 30s (im 29 now) the thought of drinking the way I do around a young baby scares me to death...I'm tired of this struggle and I think it is time to get some real help. .There is an AA meeting near my house tonight and while the idea of attending overwhelms me with dread and shame I think it's time I walked through that door and away from the bottle..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on being aware of your issues and for taking action. I suggest you try two or three meetings until you find one where you feel really ata home. 
There is no guilt or shame in getting help there is if you refuse it. Please share your meeting experience with us very valuable info! Any questions ask away I've hit a minimum of 1300 meetings in 11 years in 12 different states and 4 different countries. Tons of help here just ask!
I've been on that abstinence to oblivion ride for about a decade. I Finally had to find refuge in some real sobriety....I didn't want to do AA either. But it's there and it strengthens my resolve. ..It's amazing how many times you'll hear your own story told to you by someone else. That's what really helps...Let us know how it goes...
I can identify with the bottle or two of wine a nite!..Way to go for seeking help. You know at this point it's not so critical to admit you have a problem or feel shame all that matters is that you want to feel better. And that's way cool. Especially for your kid. I watched L.A. Confidential for easily over the 12th time this weekend (this one while sober) and it actually made sense for the first time in my life...As to AA give it some time to sink in. It's like anything else...There will be some crazies some idiots a lot of desperate folks a few assholes a whole lot of really nice people and a few you click with..I personally like the fact that the folks in my meetings have a good sense of humor. ..You've got this!
Please let us know how it went.
No dread no shame. Remember that everyone there has experienced some level of your life - including the desire to walk away from the bottle.  It took me a long time to go to a local meeting (I did attend a few in a neighboring county) because I didn't want to run into anyone I might know.  Turns out that it has been easier for me to connect with the folks at the closer meeting and I'm more likely to call someone (and take calls) for coffee when I know they're close...Good luck and let us know how it goes for you! Welcome to /SD
[deleted]
