-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a2by2/i_think_i_finally_get_it/

I first went to outpatient rehab in April of 2012.  My first AA meeting was the same month.  Over the last 27 months my longest streak of sobriety was 101 days.  At first I liked to social aspect of AA however I rejected  the philosophy of the program entirely.  I grew up with a Ayn Randian sense of individualism and atheism.  I was self centered and I didn't think there was anything wrong with it.  I believed that my only shortcoming was my addiction with alcohol and once I got over that the rest of my life would fall into order.  I was dead wrong.  ..I think I've reached the 50 day mark four times.  But I keep failing.  And every time I fail I realize more and more how wrong I have been in the past.  From the beginning I was pretty sure that I was powerless over alcohol.   I used to think I was only powerless after the first drink.  I now realize that I am powerless even before it.  I cannot stop myself from picking up that first drink using willpower alone.  I need a power greater than myself.  ..I've always struggled with the idea of a higher power however I understood that it could be whatever I wanted.  What I chose never mattered before however because that power had to be *greater than myself.*  I never thought anything could be greater than my self and I was never willing to turn my will and my life over to *anything* besides myself.  My ego was too big.  My life was falling apart yet I was still too proud to admit I had no control over it.  ..Over time that has changed.  I've been beaten down by this addiction so many times that I am finally willing to give in.  I am finally willing to give up control.  I am  sick of being so self centered.  It's very easy to be self centered when you are drinking every day but once you stop that it becomes very apparent that it is a terrible way to live.  I am sick of my life falling apart because I am too proud to admit I need a higher power.  It all makes sense now.  I don't yet have that great of an idea what my higher power looks like but I am finally ready to give up control.  I am terrified of what will happen if I don't give up control.  ..It was always the third step that I couldn't get past before but now I think I can finally do it.  These steps seem to fall like dominoes.  For me the first two fell really quickly but I got stuck at the third step.  Now that I can finally wrap my head around the third step the rest of them seem easy.  ..After 27 months of rejecting AA on philosophical grounds I have finally given in.  The self-centered and individualistic philosophy that prevented me from embracing the steps is the same one that kept me miserable and going back to the bottle.  The book is right.  No one can do this using willpower alone. I feel like my journey is finally beginning.  
----------immediate responses--------

The fact that you have a problem with ANY of the steps is a good sign.  It creates real growth.  The 12 steps aren't about not drinking they are about growth and a peaceful way of life.  So you kept drinking for a bit.  Eh ow well.  You are still here.  I really really like your post and I look forward to watching your journey.  PM me if you ever need to talk.  Oh and get a home group as quickly as you can.  Get there an hour early and make coffee greet people etc.  ..edit - spelling
&gt; After 27 months of rejecting AA on philosophical grounds I have finally given in. The self-centered and individualistic philosophy that prevented me from embracing the steps is the same one that kept me miserable and going back to the bottle. The book is right. No one can do this using willpower alone. I feel like my journey is finally beginning...Amen.  AA wasn't waiting around for me to provide my knowing critique.  I needed AA to help me change me.
I'm with you I'm stuck on step **3**.  I'm open to change because my way of doing things got me here which is a pretty fucked up place.  It falls in the ego and self centered thing you mentioned.  
The steps in AA I find to be guidelines for healthier living.  Healthier in a social and personal aspect.  I once struggled with the higher power thing I hated religion (growing up with it) and couldnt understand a God that every other person seemed connected to and loved.  This lead me to many years struggling by myself and failing hard.  I use my betterself as my higher power.  I know what I can become when I am narrow sighted and close minded.  I know what I can be when I keep an open mind and focused on my intentions.  I know the man I want to be and can be.  He myself the sober me is my higher power.  This is kind of confusing but under the belief that we are all our own gods it works for me...Good luck to you stay strong
I struggle with the idea of a Higher Power destiny and fate.  But for what it's worth I've been sick the past 2 days because of a massive weekend of drinking and because of some other consequences of last weekend I've turned to get help.  I haven't ate in two days and have been puking blood.  I've been reading this sub reddit for about an hour and a half now and found myself grabbing for the saltines and sprite that has been sitting there all day.  And it's staying down.  Seems a little odd.
