-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a2p0q/one_year_tonight/

hi everyone - this is my first time posting here but this community has already helped me a lot so i figured i'd share some of my story...so on july 7th last year i went to a party and relapsed really hard. i went because i wanted to meet people but once they brought out the drinks i got mixing and everything just snowballed from there. i was so preoccupied with drinking concealing how much i was drinking and not thinking about my broken sobriety that i didn't talk to anyone new the whole night..my friend who had come with me eventually found me on the bathroom floor where i had apparently been sitting for about an hour totally blacked out. she woke me up and made me eat something (i think she had made cupcakes at this random guy's house party and was concerned when i didn't show up to get mine) got me some water and helped me into her car. i don't think i was fully conscious for the ride back because it felt really fast but i threw up in the street when i got out of the car. i don't remember a lot but i do remember the worried looks on everyone's faces the entire night - the strangers at the party my friends my parents when i stumbled through the front door with puke on my shirt and went straight to bed my other friends when they found out what had happened..i first tried to stop drinking a few months before that in the fall the previous year but kept failing because drinking was the only thing that helped me sleep. my first earnest attempt at staying sober was that spring and i made it two months before that party. .that was a year ago and i haven't had a drink since. it's been really hard - the most difficult thing i've ever done. ..i started drinking when i was around 16 but it was never anything serious since i didn't really have any occasion to get drunk. i left home for college soon after i turned 17 and stayed away from the party scene for a full month before i fell into a crowd that normalized heavy substance use. it wasn't long before i was drinking more nights of the week than i wasn't and going to great lengths to acquire alcohol without actually buying it. .by that summer i had progressed to drinking alone in my room almost every day ranging from functionally tipsy to blind drunk. i didn't have anywhere to go but i didn't need an occasion to get drunk anymore. i just couldn't deal with not having that feeling. when i got back to school i was on the party circuit and had different groups of friends that i got wasted and went dancing with. that semester my classes brought up some heavy stuff and i drank to cope with the resulting stress and emotional issues and like brought heavily spiked mugs of tea to the classes i actually went to. i failed half my courseload and halfassed the rest which delayed my graduation and threw off my academic plan. i didn't even consider that my drinking might have contributed to the problem. afterwards i dated someone who drank even more than me and we spent our winter break furtively sharing flasks in public places. by then i was buying all my own liquor and finding ways to put it in EVERYTHING. in the spring i mixed whiskey into my oatmeal in the morning and never left my room without a flask. eventually i found myself less than sober at work which led to my being asked to resign. after that i tried cutting down a bit but all that happened was that i only drank a tiny amount at a time like maybe a shot a day and extra for parties. people had started to express their concern for me but i hadn't listened. then three things happened at the same time: i essentially ran out of alcohol my friends refused to get me more and a fictional character i related to got sober. .i tried to cut down slowly but it didn't go too well and all the withdrawal symptoms i had been pushing off hit really hard and really suddenly. and i relapsed a couple times pretty messily..but its been ONE WHOLE YEAR since the last time a year full of long days and longer weeks and hard times and clear memories and intense cravings and amazing friends who rearranged their routines to accommodate for my sobriety. and sometimes i feel like maybe i shouldn't have stopped drinking or that i'm inevitably going to start again or i think that i'm too young for this (i'll be 20 soon) or that no one will notice or care if i relapse again - but all the incredible people i've encountered who are on their own journeys of recovery give me so much hope and strength and faith in myself. it's been a tough year but i've made it. and for right now that means the world.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Who was the fictional character if you don't mind my asking?
Congratulations on the year! Keep it up sounds like you are doing a great job. Be vigilant. Our brains are tricky and will give us excuses why a drink is ok ie - you posted you sometimes think that you are too young for this. I am 27 years old. I was an alcoholic at 19 and didn't wisen up until last November. I so wish that I could have had the smarts that you had to stop before I wasted so much time money and relationships being...well you know wasted. Keep up the good work. When you think you are too young - just think of yourself as ahead of the game or that you are making an investment in your future. 
Please long on tomorrow for your invite to join the DINOs!
Congrats! Can't wait til I can say the same!
Congrats! I know how hard it is good job. 
Well done! Posts like this are inspiration to me so thank you =)
[deleted]
There's ALWAYS one person who downvotes can't believe it!  Have an upvote for your one year anniversary sir.
