-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a35u9/i_just_got_fired_over_something_that_wasnt/

I was fired this morning. I've got a wife and kid to support and all I can think about is drowning my sorrows. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for posting this.  The very fact that you did so means you are less likely to relapse than if you held it in...This is not a happy situation.  I guarantee it would turn to pure shit very quickly if you started drinking again.  Sober you will move through this fast.  Drunk you will get stuck in it and will turn this into the first downward step of a very long and very down-pointing spiral.
Sorry to hear that! I'm sure it will sound simplistic but-- if you drown your sorrows today you'll still be jobless and bummed out tomorrow. Only you'll be jobless bummed out hungover (maybe even still drunk/drinking) etc...Make a list get back on the horse place some phone calls get some resumes out. Drown yourself in action.
Think this through my friend.  Do you think that child of your's is going to be proud one day about his dad who went back into the bottle because life threw an unfair curveball at him or of the dad that faced this new miserable challenge in his life with his sobriety and dignity in tact?..I know this because I went through the exact same thing 10 months into my sobriety.  I was never more beat down and angry as when I was fired from a brand new job with absolutely no explanation just a week into it.  I could feel myself going for the vodka....I wanted to do exactly what you currently want to do.  My wife told me to just get to a meeting and be safe.  So I did.  I went every day for the next week just to be in a safe environment and not drink.  Things got better and eventually much better.  It took time but it worked and now I can be there my wife and kids...Just get through today and start again tomorrow!  Good luck and I am sorry.
That blows! It happened to me in January in 10+ months it was the first time I was so ready to relapse I had keys in hand ready to go get "supplies." I pulled up a video diary of my detox 8/29/13 thankfully it was effective. Seeing what I was....very powerful seeing that pathetic me I knew that was exactly what I was going to look like if I left the house. Put my keys away. ..Drinking makes a bad situation much worse you know that already though. Focus on filing for unemployment and making sure needs are met for your family. Start brushing up your resume when you get through this sober and your head held high provides confidence for dealing with tough times sober. You can do this.
[deleted]
Hey we're pretty close in days. I went through about a year of professional shit last year. Maybe you're in shock right now but I got a lot of strength from being able to say on any given day "well at least I'm sober." ..You are far better off now than given the same situation while drinking. You know that. If you can take a little time to breath and start putting together small steps and plan what to do next. Maybe a little like the small steps the lead to getting and staying sober. ..I'll bet that you've done tremendously difficult things in your year sober. Draw on that now. It's made you stronger. 
I can count on the fingers of....nope alcohol never improved anything bad in my life.  I'd be at an AA meeting and working my support network in this situation.
Go home and work through your sorrow in the arms of your wife my friend.  Partners are there to help us through tough times like these. Alcohol will do nothing to support you...it will only strip you of what you have gained thus far in your sobriety.  Right now you have a clear head to do all the things you need to do to care for your family. Concentrate on that today...My thoughts are with you photodawg. 
I'm sorry to hear about this. I hope you find better employment soon! ..Drinking will only drain your bank account and impede you from getting a better job. 
I feel like I contributed to someone getting fired and that feeling makes me wonder why I don't drink. I'm not really thinking I should drink but this is the most I've considered why i stopped drinking in over two years...I feel like me being depressed and not at the top of my game reflected poorly on someone else and they got fired. I didn't know it was going on and I don't even really know the person but it's taking a toll on me...I'm sorry that you got fired. Don't drink. ...
&gt;I just got fired over something that wasn't entirely my fault...I'm truly sorry. Getting fired was admittedly one of the worst experiences of my life. But drinking over it would have made it a crushing disaster. Your post implies that you were at fault for some part of the situation which brought this on. I hate when that happens and just want to kick myself! ..If this sounds simplistic and minimizing of your problem that is not my intention but.&gt;When one door closes another opens. ..Continue reaching out for support so that you stay sober through this trial. If you do you will be alert and able to grab the opportunity of an opening door. 
Last time I got let go from a job I got stupendously drunk.  I can tell you for sure it only made it worse.  Hopefully you can decompress from it in a sober way and get moving towards the next opportunity.  
play that tape through pal. Hit a meeting and talk to us if you need it
What you're feeling is self-pity your adult self in shock at the "how did my world collapse like this?" situation and your child self taking over and crying its eyes out. You have to stop your child self from doing anything rash. Take that self-pity out and chuck it into the trash. You are a father. You are an adult and you are going to make it one way or another. That is what we adults do. Go out look for new work and as for your last job take the blows... take responsibility for bad situations where you can as that is the only way to make things better next time...Courage :)
