-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a4aui/cancelled_birthday_weekend/

After relapsing on July 4 after only 7 days I've decided that I need to do everything it takes to stay away from drinking parties and temptation. Even if that means not seeing another human soul for the next 6 months. Okay that might be a bit dramatic but that's how I feel right now. ..I had plans to go on a trip with friends in a few weeks to celebrate my birthday and tonight I decided that the best birthday present to myself would be to cancel the trip. To avoid what I know would 100% cause a relapse no matter how hard I try to convince myself that I can take the trip and stay sober. I'm just not there yet. ..I wish I had the strength to celebrate my birthday in a big way because 25 feels like an important milestone. I guess it will have to wait until I can learn to truly celebrate without booze. 
----------immediate responses--------

My policy for the last three weeks has been to stay away from anything that I'm not 100% sure will not involve alcohol. It might be a cowardly way to go about it but I don't care. ..This is the longest I've been sober in 10 years so I'd say it's working so far.
Very very very smart
Sorry should have elaborated the reason people don't relapse while in rehab is that there is no opportunity. If you chose not to do rehab for whatever reason DIY it I implement a 30 day rehab/house arrest program. I don't do ANYTHING that I wouldn't be allowed to do in rehab with the only exception being going to work.
That was very smart.   Trainwreck averted...As for the isolation - it is really your choice - not a lot of fun.....My path included AA - to my amazement and with some struggles.  I resisted quibbled debated rebelled - and in the end found a way and a bunch of really amazing people - the same people I drank with but sober less likely to need a "loan" or puke on my shoes......Results may vary and yes there are alternatives.....
Good call! I'm in a similar boat -- I'm supposed to go to a friend's wedding on Saturday and I'm terrified. I'd love to cancel but I also feel terrible about bailing on her especially because I've been a pretty flaky friend recently *because* of drinking. I can't decide.
Good for you if you know it is going to be an impossible test to pass it is best to avoid it. You can celebrate without booze it just takes a different mindset and time practicing sobriety. Happy birthday when it does come around! 
