-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a4j1t/my_wife_says_to_me_youre_not_an_alcoholic_but_i/

Edit: Sorry it's a long one. ..I'm 35. Been drinking heavily since I was 20 though I drank quite a lot during my teenage years too. It's odd I suppose maybe I don't fit the typical 'need a drink to get out of bed' profile but drinking up to 15 beers (5% ABV) on Friday and Saturday nights sometimes skipping drinking on Monday because I feel like shit then having two bottles of wine in some weeknights is clearly not 'normal' drinking. I've missed work missed appointments with friends and family in the past. ..Sometimes though rarely I can go for days without a drink. I'm currently on 8 days trying to do a 'Dry July'. I went the whole of Feb without a drink and that was the longest I've gone without booze for over 20 years I'd say. ..My wife had a fianc  ten years ago who was more of an alcoholic apparently. He was more of the 'desperate/craving booze at all hours of the day' type person (no offence intended to folks struggling like that). Problem is my wife seems to have a bit of an inferiority complex. She tries to subtly mention that her childhood was more difficult than other people's (if they are talking about their troubles she'll have to tell them about hers.) Same with her health problems - she's always got to tell people she's had it worse than others. I've always known this about her and shrugged it off though I wish she wouldn't do it. ..So each time I say to her I'm desperate to control or quit drinking she'll say "You're not an alcoholic Bob. *John* was an alcoholic." (Not our real names :-) ..It like her difficulties are a badge of honour to her and it's damaging me. I didn't look for help with my drinking for ages because I felt she didn't believe in my struggle. In fact I pathetically used it as an excuse to carry on drinking telling myself that when I'm eventually fired/arrested/hospitalized because of my drinking I could make her feel bad by saying "See! I told you I had a problem and you pretended I didn't because you wanted your ex to be the alcoholic not your current partner." What a terrible thing for me to want to do. ..I need to tell her how I feel about how hurtful it is that she dismisses my problem like this. Can any of you kind people provide any advice? I apologise that a lot/all of my post might seem more suited to /r/relationshipadvice or /r/selfhelp but this is the community I feel most comfortable talking to as there may be parts of my story that resonate with others here. ..I've been reading this sub for ages under another username and am just amazed at the support and love that is shown here. Peace and best wishes. 'Bob'
----------immediate responses--------

I totally get that.  When I decided to get sober a number of friends questioned my acknowledgement of my alcoholism.  They like I was to a point picture an alcoholic as the sort that puts vodka in their coffee hides bottles in the toilet tank and loses jobs whilst in and out of jail.  That need not be the case for one to have a drinking problem.  I haven't gone into my story here yet and I won't now but the fact is that simply that I have a drinking problem.  When I drink I drink it all and what happens happens and what happens hasn't usually been very good.  So yeah as I experienced it I have a drinking problem.  And if you recognize that your drinking patterns are for you problematic well then nobody else has a leg to stand on when they try to question your convictions. Alcoholism takes different forms and affects different people in different ways.  It's not a pissing contest.  It's unfortunate that your wife does not support you.  I think that you need to talk to her about this or it's bound to be further detrimental to your recovery and your relationship with your wife.  I wish you the best!
I learned years ago never to listed to my wife. ..Joking aside my wife said the same thing ... I could go days &amp; weeks without drinking. I spent six months not drinking last year in a couple of stints. ..Just because you don't fit her notion of an alcoholic doesn't mean you aren't. ..And who cares about labels. Why not just be a guy that doesn't drink anymore? 
Her emotional investments are hers and hers alone.  Period....You need to take care of yourself.  I would suggest she might try alanon - (and you AA).   ..
/r/AlAnon 
at the end of the day if you are committed to quitting it really does not matter if you are an alcoholic you can still quit like one. Participating here is a good step in that direction. For me I did well when I stopped judging myself my condition my past... I was able to put down a lot of baggage and move forward. ..I quit drinking like my life depended on it that is all that matters. 
That makes me crazy. It's not like it is a conclusion you wanted to come to in fact it is probably a realization that was very difficult for you. There is no joy in figuring out that you have a problem. It is totally insensitive for her to assume that she somehow knows you better than you know yourself...My Fiance said the same thing because we typically drink together. The connection that she wasn't making is that while she would have a single glass of wine I would finish the whole bottle and go rummaging through the house looking for anything else I could get my hands on. She wakes up every day feeling fresh while I have a hangover most mornings. I think she was more afraid of losing something that we spend time doing together and it scared her. Eventually she came around though and has been supportive. 
People sometimes have a certain picture in their head of what an alcoholic is. Like my grandfather was well-known for his alcoholism and although he died before I was born I heard countless stories about him drinking and getting wildly violent to the point of chasing my mom and aunts and uncles into the yard with a shotgun. I've never done that does that mean I've not got a problem? Nope. My life is my own your perception of your own struggles with alcohol is your own...I am no psychiatrist but I've known people like you talk about that always have to have it the worst the hardest. They get off on being martyrs to the pain of the world. It is to your credit that you see in yourself the desire to "show her" it's perfectly human I think and what's frustrating is that people like that won't ever learn. You can't win it. So focus on yourself find a support community outside of her and if she can't jump on your healthy train then she's gonna get left at the station.
I think there were definitely some people in my life that were surprised that I felt my drinking was a problem. I think my father-in-law felt a little let down because beer tasting was how we bonded. I realize now that everyone who was surprised when I felt the need to get sober is or was alcohol dependant. Luckily my wife is a take-or-leave-it drinker who mostly leaves it. She knows what I was going through and was/is very supportive...Last night I got some really good news. One of my best friends who I've been out of touch with for many months has decided he wants to stop drinking. This makes me really happy because I've been worried about him for a long time. He has health issues that are worsened by the booze.
My sister is like that. Anoyjng as poop. Honestly j can't deal with people like that anymore. ..My grandmother had her entire family killed at 14 and had to run away and leave her country to escape the Nazis. And she is the most greatfull person I know. She's always gushing about how great of a husband she had (he died over 20 years ago but that doesnt stop her) how lucky she was to travel the world (never mind that she got to because she was freeing persecution) and how greatful she is to have such lovely kids and grandkids. ..Like seriously. Why complain. We live in a first world nation where women can get equal education to men.
Sound as if we had similar drinking patterns. No one that I know thinks I'm an alcoholic either. I explained to my husband and kids (almost adults) that my drinking was a problem FOR ME. That's good enough. I saw what was happening to some of my peers and I don't want to keep following them down that path. ..I have no desire to win the prize for biggest alcoholic. John can do that for us. 
Just be real with her and tell her "Look I know you think that I am being dramatic when I say I have a drinking problem but I do.  I need you to be supportive.  You might not believe me but I am telling you as a matter of fact not opinion that I am going through this.  I don't have to hit an all time low to prove to myself or anybody else that I am going through this struggle I am.  Give me some support please."..Something like that.
My wife didn't like my blackouts but also did nothing to support my stopping drinking. She continues to drink and last week complained about the upcoming July 4th weekend because I "you aren't going to drink anything." I stopped drinking in this environment with a lot of other stuff going on as well. ..Make her irrelevant to your goal if you need to. For me stopping drinking was more important than anything else including my marriage. So I found a way and support that did not depend on her at all. ..Feel free to PM if you'd find it useful. 
It's an ongoing process with my spouse. She is supportive offered to stop drinking when I said I was done. But she definitely didn't believe me when I said that I was an alcoholic -- didn't fit her idea of an alcoholic. She's not like us she can put the drink down. ..I've had the most success taking it nice and slow. Letting her in on the behaviors I hid from her. Feels good to let the secrets out. She really was surprised at some of the things I do -- again she doesn't think like me. I think it is starting to make sense to her and while she still doesn't understand why I can't put the drink down she understands I am doing something important for myself. ..Good luck and thanks for sharing.
