-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a4mlq/made_it_through_my_first_shift/

Without a drink before during or after work--SCORE! ..I started serving at a local pub that gets very busy but is fairly laid back. I ended up there on a friend's recommendation after looking relentlessly for something outside of the booze slinging industry and found myself back in a bar with my ego tucked between my legs and a shaky resolve. ..I really have to think 'I will not drink TODAY' a whole lot. I also like coming back to this community with success stories... I don't want to lose this place where I feel safe because I wanted one night of drinking. Then I remember all the bad shit that's happen to me and it strengthens my resolve. My friend who got me hired offered me shot and I had to tell her that I'm not drinking at ALL. She had a questioning look on her face and if she asks I'll tell her why. I'll keep it brief like I do with everyone else. ..I wish there was some kind of technology--like virtual reality--that would allow someone to be in not just another person's shoes but in their skin. To feel their impulses thoughts and desires. What it truly feels like to be them. I would love for folks to be able to feel the struggle it is to abstain. It's not like abstaining from something I've never had... But something I've used as a sort of 'lifeline' for so long. ..I sang hella karaoke sober. That was a win. I didn't drink today and when I wake up tomorrow I'm going to tell myself that I'm not going to drink for the day and go about my business. Thanks for listening! Have a great and sober day guys! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!..Am I to understand that you work at a bar?.I personally do not have the kind of will power to be around alcohol all day. Have you thought about taking a leave from work or looking towards other career options? ..Do what makes you feel comfortable and what you feel is best for your health. Great job on your first shift! 
congratulations but keep looking for sober work....
Yay!..You are the boss Amber!
People here don't need special technology to  understand what it's like in the early days of sobriety. We know how it feels so continuing to post here and going to meetings is where you'll find support. ..Congrats on making it through your first shift. I would never be able to work in a bar back when or even now after years of recovery. Keep looking for work that supports sobriety and doesn't tax your resources so profoundly. 
Fuck yeah! As a bar owner and bar tender this is hugely encouraging as I go into this weekend! 
Good for you! I'm glad I never sang karaoke drunk or sober I think it would break the ears of the people listening.
