-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a5k66/slowly_quitting_could_use_some_advice/

I've been on this forum twice now trying to quit. This time hopefully I won't relapse. I can't quit cold turkey my job would fire me for missing all that work and going through withdrawals at the office is not an option. So I'm slowly but surely cutting back everyday. I usually drink 12 beers a night. I'm down to 8 and tonight will be 7 or less. I am also exercising and eating very healthy due to the 30 pounds I put on with the beer gut. Does this sound like a good plan?
----------immediate responses--------

What country are you in?  If the USA typically you can't be fired for having a medical condition or disability and alcoholism is one.  Does your employer have an EAP program or HR?  Have you thought about entering a facility to help you get a handle on things?..I ask these questions because it has been my experience that tapering is extremely difficult to do right and to make stick.  Others here could probably answer that question better than me but it sounds you like you are going to make things hard on yourself...Either way I hope things work out for you.
This + recovery meetings sound like a workable plan.
My advice? Just get it over with. Tapering is often really difficult unnecessary and just drags out the process. (I'm not a doctor but let me just say people quit cold turkey from 8 beers all the time and they don't die. I'm one of them.) If your withdrawals are really that bad take a few days off work. If your employer would fire you for taking a few sick days they're a shitty employer. Get sober -&gt; get a better job.
Agree with other posters (also not a doctor.) If you are at 8 and feeling fine just get it over with. If you need to take a day off it would be one day. Tell them you ate some bad ham salad and got the squirts. Nobody ever argues with the squirts...And then start putting your efforts where they will really pay off-- in building a program of mental support to stay quit.  The physical stuff is barely a bump in the road. "Like the ant who peed in the ocean" as my grandma used to say.
