-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a5yn2/i_worrywonder_if_i_should_have_kept_my_mouth_shut/

Me again. I'm worrying a bit as I read so many "relapse" posts and hear all of the stories in AA where people had to try many times to get sober before it stuck. I made a point to contact all of my immediate family and friends to let them know I've determined/accepted that I have an alcohol problem and I'm getting treatment for it. I thought at the time that it may help me stay on track if people knew..and I also told people because it is all I think about sometimes...My fear is disappointing these people if I slip. I know the answer is to just not pick up a drink but people have relapsed after YEARS of sobriety....and I don't even have 2 months yet. Maybe I've jumped the gun again.  I guess I didn't really need to be so open about it this early on and now I'm bothered. ..Anyone had this situation?
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to relapse.  I haven't.  Some people say that relapse is just part of recovery but it doesn't have to be...I chose to let my close friends and family know that I'd quit drinking.  I felt that having that extra accountability helped me get/stay sober.  Plus I know I had their support if I needed it.
Nothing bad will happen to you.
I think letting people know is extremely valuable and a good thing. ..You aren't saying "I promise I will never drink again you have to trust me on this and I will resent you if you don't!" You are just saying "I have a problem. This is a struggle that I am working on."..Vast difference.
I couldn't stop *until* I told other people. Helped me stay accountable. 
I'd think people would be more disappointed if you kept drinking and intended to keep drinking.  Relapsing is not as disappointing as not attempting to be sober.  A relapse after 50 100 150 days etc. is still better then not having been sober for that amount of time.  ..My advice is to not worry about what people will think if you relapse but instead to think about the improvements in your life that you have made by taking responsibility for your actions.  Mistakes happen and everyone knows that.  I have yet to meet the perfect mistake-free person.
I never told people about my slips and I think that was the right choice for me (probably not for everyone).  The reason is that it was very beneficial to me to no longer be expected to drink.  I didn't want my friends to start inviting me out to bars again or start trying to entice me to drink while fishing or think that I wasn't serious about quitting...But like JBH said you don't have to relapse or slip.  I understand your fear though... when I see the posts about people slipping or even struggling at a year or later I get scared.
I put it out on Facebook. Maybe not the brightest thing in the world but I'm a newspaper editor and we've put a police blotter in with names for as long as I can remember. I just figured I'd get the word out about my DUI before my small-town nosy neighbors started stories of their own...And I did feel like I needed to let people know if for no other reason than accountability. I needed to own my alcoholism before I could work on my recovery.
Relapse isn't necessarily a part of recovery. I haven't. It's not going to happen today either. ..There's an old saying: ..&gt; Don't borrow trouble...Stay focused on today. It's ok and probably a good thing that you told other people. It's another tool to reinforce your commitment to getting well. What you've done is done.  ..Kudos for 50 days. Keep asking questions. Don't drink today and you won't relapse. 
Hi Nonnymouse.  Even when I have lapsed over the past few years I have always managed to avoid drinking around my family (parents and siblings.)  It has created an expectation among them that they can drink wine with dinner or have a beer and I won't and I don't need to explain or talk about it.  They don't set a glass at my place at the table.  This past weekend I went to my parent's place at the beach; mini-vacation my sister's birthday wine pouring all day every day.  And no one offered me a drop or asked a question.  They aren't particularly supportive not do they create temptation but I am always glad it is understood that I don't drink.  
Generally people don't post about not relapsing unless it was a near miss. So reading about a lot of relapses has some selection bias involved. ..That being said I don't think you do yourself any favors padding your fall. A relapse shouldn't be easy to accept. It's like the warning that orthopedics give about cortisone shots they remove the pain so you run a higher risk of injuring yourself because you won't k ow to avoid the pain. Knowing that I'd disappoint a lit of people makes it easier to stay on track. 
Though I've casually mentioned to a number of people that I'm not drinking I've told very few that it is a recovery situation. Even so it helps me stay accountable. It's not a bad thing. We don't have to relapse just because other people do. Let's do this :)
