-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a8zzh/i_just_keep_relapsing/

Hello all. I'm new to this subreddit.  ..I'm a 22 year old female who has been in and out of recovery since 19 (I go to NA rather than AA because I used other drugs too more on that in a bit). At one point I had eleven and a half months clean. I was working a program doing step work service work calling my sponsor going to meetings...then I started to get complacent a few months before my 21st birthday and two weeks before my one year I drank.  ..My 21st birthday was coming up and I decided I'm gonna do it then anyway so I might as well do it now. It's been up and down since then. I've been clean from my other drugs of choice pot and pills for a long time but ever since I turned 21 I can't keep more than two months clean from alcohol and lately it's been more frequent.  ..I went to rehab in November stayed clean almost four months then turned to the bottle again. I've decided I want to go back but I don't know if I can afford it. I don't know what to say to my family.  ..I don't know why I'm posting even. I guess I'm just scared that I haven't hit rock bottom yet. Technically I'm not even one day clean/sober because I was drinking after midnight this morning. My home group is tomorrow and I don't know if I'm ready to resurrender again. Does anyone have any advice?  ..Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I don't know why I'm posting even...Me neither but I am glad you did!  I have told this story before but....a few weeks ago I sat next to a guy at a meeting who had tried to get sober 5 times.  Each time he was very serious and each time he relapsed.  At that meeting with me he was currently on his 6th attempt to get sober..........that 6th time was going on 30 years of continuous sobriety!..I guess my point is don't ever give up and NEVER consider yourself a failure.  You are young and have so much ahead of you.  Just keep trying but this time try something different.  How about AA instead of NA?..Good luck
Personally if you have already done rehab another one won't teach you anything you don't already know your just paying a steep price for environment control. I've done 3 my last was 2009 and I never reached 90 days until November 2013. I just strictly controlled my environment for the first 30-45 days and didn't allow myself to do anything I wouldn't be allowed to do in rehab. Currently enjoying the longest stretch of sobriety I have ever have.
[deleted]
Welcome /u/recklesswreck to r/stopdrinking--we talk a lot about "rock bottom" as if it's an actual place. In reality it is a metaphor that place where we finally said "Enough!" and were willing to go to any lengths to get sober and stay sober.  This is what I did and it worked for me and lots of other newcomers:..1. Every day at that moment when I first wake up--when my eyes pop open--I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. Action not deep thinking is called for in early sobriety...3. Tomorrow I repeat...In the early days of sobriety it was important that l focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...Posting and commenting on r/stopdrinking helps me stay accountable...Good luck I hope some of the above helps you.
