-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2abulj/how_do_you_stay_sober_when_your_life_is_falling/

Ever since I got sober things have been very hard for me. I've lost most of my friends my relationship with my parents is very strained I am jobless and my car is on the brink of breaking down but parents (whom I live with) refuse to help pay for it. To top it all off my ex who I have been sleeping with for about a month and a half now told me last night he now has a girlfriend and can't see or talk to me as much anymore...I am devestated. I have always struggled with depression but the past two months since I've gotten sober have been a nightmare. I truthfully don't know why I'm still clean and sober and why I haven't self harmed yet. I don't know how long I can do this for any more. Please someone help me.
----------immediate responses--------

When your life is falling apart you can prevent it from falling apart ever more by not drinking. Legal physical and mental problems will only result from turning to the bottle.
&gt;I truthfully don't know why I'm still clean and sober and why I haven't self harmed yet...Because if you weren't imagine how much worse things would be. I think about this a lot. When I have a really shitty day and I fuck things up and make mistakes I think about how much more shitty everything would be if my big solution to it all was to come home and get wasted. ..There is no problem that you have that getting drunk or high can't make worse. ..Just put your head down and keep going. You'll come out of it just not immediately. The first step is getting hired somewhere. Anywhere. ..But don't drink or use. There is no easier quicker way to make a bigger mess of things than to get drunk. ..Good luck.
Hello /u/mylittleundead. It sounds like you need more support. Going to AA would give it to you. Being in a room with people who understand is comforting and encouraging. Meetings are everywhere. Find one.
There is a fine but dramatic line between abstaining from alcohol and sobriety.  Abstinence is a passive process; for me it was parallel to deprivation; I wasn't living my life and I wasn't maturing as a person.  In sobriety I actively develop coping skills make difficult but positive changes and every single day devote myself to having compassion for friends family myself and people I have conflicts with...Wish your ex happiness in his new relationship.  Be grateful for all the support your parents have provided you.  Look to your resume for possibilities; what are ways you can double or triple your search for employment?  Do you have skills that can be marketable outside your preferred field?..
Welcome /u/mylittleundead to r/stopdrinking--there are always people who have had life better or worse than any of us; but I've had a pretty rocky road as a direct result of my alcoholism.  After 15 continuous years of sobriety I relapsed and spent 7 years in bottom dwelling hell.  I was not only suicidal I tried to kill myself  only to be unexpectedly interrupted in the act.  When I came back in 2009 I lost my professional license and a nationally prominent career; I was facing 5 years in the federal penitentiary for not filing or paying my income taxes; my wife was having an affair with her law partner; my teenage son was trying to figure out his sexuality; my HS senior daughter became pregnant; and one night a drunk driver came along and destroyed my car.  As you might imagine I was clinically depressed and lost. Then and only then did the thought occur to me: When were you happiest in your life?  When I was newly sober.  So on August 17 2009 I came back into sobriety.  This is precisely what I did and what I still do:..1. Each day at that moment when I first wake up--when my eyes pop open--I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. BTW there are noon and commuter AA meetings in most urban areas in the western world at least. Action not deep thinking is called for in early sobriety...3. Tomorrow I repeat...In the early days of sobriety it was important that l focus only on the 24 hours ahead. When I got to bed sober I won the daily victory over alcohol.  I got sober.  ..Instead of 5 years in prison I did 5 months; I'm back working in my profession; I speak on substance abuse to professional gatherings; my wife and I reconciled; my son figured out for the time being who he is; my daughter is the receptionist at my office; and my 3 year old grandson is the light of my life.  The drunk driver who hit my car got sober and active in the same AA meetings that I attend.  ..One day at a time we get through our life challenges.  ..Today I have many challenges but I am sober and free..
Invert the thought process. Instead of alcohol use being the byproduct of life events make sobriety the constant. "No matter what happens today my life will be better than it has been in the past because I'm not drinking." Some bad things will happen regardless of your alcohol consumption. Drinking because of them will only make a bad situation worse. 
Like others have said alcohol won't help your situation.  It might make you forget about your problems for a while but they're still there when you sober up.  And then you feel like crap because you're hungover.  No alcohol won't help.
When you drink it helps you forget about your problems makes things seem to be not as bad as you once thought which is awesome however the downside to that is you end up being content on your current situation and distracted so you tend to only delay the process in the long run. Alcohol may help you feel better today but will end up making you feel worse tomorrow or whenever you have to face your problems head on. I went through a horrible episode regarding car problems an ex as well as some other stuff and I decided to drink myself through the ordeal. It helped for the day to day anxiety but it ended up causing more problems than good. With using alcohol to cope the risks are definitely not worth the reward. 
Sorry to say but none of the issues you are mentioning would be resolved by drinking. When I hit a rough patch I turn to fellow alcoholics (I'm with AA). It's amazing how sincere talks with people who've been there can help. Keep the hopes up and do what needs to get done every day. BTW: I noticed that usually when I concentrate on the smaller issues I can manage larger ones tend to resorb themselves into chewable bits. Good luck.
When I feel crappy or mad and I want to drink I think back to all the other times I drank when I had problems and I ask myself "Did it help?"  And the answer is always no.  If nothing else it gave me one more thing to feel crappy about.  Remind yourself that it is totally badass that you have remained sober through these past two months.  I can't tell you how many times I have literally told myself "Good job!" or "You're doing great!" in terms of staying sober.  Give yourself generous praise for what you have accomplished.  Keep in touch here and look for a meeting.  You can do it!
Oh good I'm not the only one. Things for me got significantly worse when I got sober I look back on it I really haven't stopped to think how much worse it would have been if I had given up or if I was still drinking quite frightening I had a hard enough time living with myself if I had been drinking I would have been seriously damaging the life of someone isn't born yet. My solitary drinking I was "proud of" because I wasn't hurting anyone but me (yeah right)...things did finally start looking up plenty of work yet to do but at least now I've had a clear head long enough to see the path clearly. ..I usually don't give relationship advice because my track record on the matter blows but if you want to feel better about yourself in short order.....stop fucking your ex.
Getting sober for people who have a bit of a problem drinking usually fixes many of their problems. Getting sober for me for someone like me who *needed* that alcohol to feel better who felt *fixed* when I drank getting sober was the beginning of a whole new set of fucking problems...I would not have made it without a therapist a support group and AA. I'm not strong enough to do it on my own. Plain and simple. And I don't need to prove to anyone else that I am strong enough to 'pull myself up by my bootstraps' and do it alone...If you have issues with depression drinking will make them worse but quitting drinking will also bring them into greater focus initially because your 'temporary booze medication' is no longer in effect. I deal with anxiety. Quitting drinking makes me feel more anxious initially. I needed the help of a therapist my support group and my family an outpatient group and AA people to help me learn how to go through life without trying to fix my anxiety...Much love and take care.
&gt; I don't know how long I can do this for any more...It will get worse if you stop doing it...You have a long series of steps ahead of you to fix all of these problems.  The first step is not drinking and you've already done that...Focus your energies on step 2 rather than going backward!
I don't know how you're going to do it...Maybe surrendering to the fact that this shit is out of your control?...Once you get through this though what a story! Amirite?..Feelings are not facts Tomorrow is another day This to shall pass You're stronger than you know Get through this and one day you will save someone's life...I send Peace Love Forgiveness Harmony Faith Hope Light Joy to you and Comfort Understanding as well...
You have to realize that you don't drink alcohol  ever. ..Whether life is good or bad alcohol should be a completely irrelevant *thing*. ..Your life is crumbling? Work on repairing the foundation and building it back up.  ..The booze are gone  you need to face these issues and actually *feel* these emotions or your life will just be posters covering holes  no *true* repair will have been done. ..Don't hide from pain  absorb it and keep moving forward. ..Stay Strong and Stay Sober
It is at this time that you need your wits about you.  All hell is breaking loose and drinking would not stop any bad things from happening. Drinking however most likely will make the situation worse.  ..Do you have a community counseling center.  Surf to your county's website they should have a number to at least call they may even have a location for you to visit for mental health services..If your parents have insurance you can go to a hospital but they will want you to wait to see a doctor you don't want to so that.  You want to talk to someone now. Fucking today...Don't let the counselors give you a bunch of general bullshit answers. You  have a list of things that are making life hard.  Tell them you want suggestions on how to fix them..Don't let them get away with some warm and fuzzy talk that won't help you.  Tell them you need an actionable plan to fix these problems so you won't return to drinking and possibly self harming. (i couldn't tell if you are a self harmer or just used the word in passing)...Additional:.After all this still get the doctors appointment but do something proactive before then...Make these counselors earn their pay.  They are supposed to be paid to help people not to pat people on the head...Also..you can dial 411 and ask them if you can't find anything in your area.  411 is Directory Assistance..This is the number from the National Suicide Prevention Line.  Who cares if you are not suicidal they can get you in touch with the right people.  These folks have a huge network of people to reach out to.  They can find someone...Call 1-800-273-TALK (8255)...You can also CHAT with them at this address:.http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx..
[deleted]
Just because we're sober does not mean bad things won't happen to us but we can deal with the bad things better when we are sober. Hang in there. Things will get better.
