-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2abxr3/long_time_female_alcoholic_seeking_advice/

Hello again fellow redditors. Yes I'm still here with my throw away account. I am now on my 11th day of sobriety and I would like to thank those of you who have reached out to give support and for your kind words. The past 10 days have felt nothing short but like freedom to me. I am still thoroughly enjoying my hang over free mornings and coffee never tasted so good. I am alert and present. What a gift...I was triggered for the first time yesterday and I am seeking advice. How do you folks deal with triggers created deliberately by a spouse? I was able to establish very quickly what it was that triggered me and following some thought I realized that it was this exact same trigger that caused my relapse 2 years ago. My #1 trigger is that my husband deliberately throws my alcoholism in my face. Any time he is upset or frustrated with me or if we have a minor disagreement he brings up my alcoholism. He blames everything on my alcoholism. Even if it has absolutely nothing to do with the topic in question. He also throws my mother's alcoholism in my face. When I was drinking I accepted these comments and figured I deserved being treated that way; but this also occurs when I'm sober which I have a BIG problem with. He is a very smart man and obviously knows that his comments trigger me. I have expressed this to him several times in the past. He knows it's a weak spot for me he knows it affects me and he knows it makes me vulnerable. I realized yesterday after he made more drunk comments that he might not have my best intentions in mind; despite the fact that he obviously doesn't want a drunk as a wife. I'm confused and I can't figure out why he would say these things knowing that I am trying to stay sober he knows that I am in a vulnerable state AND I'M SOBER. Is he testing me? Is this normal? I realize I own this problem and I can't expect him to forgive me for the past 10+ years of pure misery. I realize I am only on my 11th day of sobriety and there is a lot of work to be done however I'm not sure how to handle this moving forward. I don't want to drink I haven't even been tempted to drink this time around however every time he makes these comments I want to drink simply to spite him. I can see how seeking help from an outside source in this case is likely warranted. Any advice is welcome..
----------immediate responses--------

Your issue is a very common issue with married couples or long time relationships where one person is attempting to get sober...I wish I could give you a very simple easy fix but I am afraid I have not seen that.  I do know that support groups like AA and Alanon have a ton of experience in dealing with these issues for people like us.  I have had my fair share of these issues with my wife (in early sobriety) and having a safe place where I could share with other alcoholics and discuss these things was extremely important for me.  Plus the steps helped me learn a positive way to deal with it...I hope it works out for you!
There are no simple answers.  My alcoholism is complicated by my people addiction - and I have found Alanon very helpful...Was he drinking when he said these things? partners who drink (even non alcoholicly) are often threatened by sobriety feeling judged feeling a pressure to look at their own drinking...Anger is another player here. Anger makes you say mean things...Long term relationships have a component of anger be it open or buried.  My first marriage had so much it could not survive.  Only time will tell for you and it may take a good while...Good luck stay in touch..
Ah that sounds stressful...The best buffer I found against a tough home/relationship were supportive recovery friends. A female sponsor was such a HUGE help to me spiritually and emotionally. ..Although it's hard to change patterns of relationship behaviours I had to learn how to walk away and have a safe place to go. "I am going here for this long I will be back." Then get some time to myself to regroup...
The first few days of sobriety after my most recent relapse I was sent to my sister's house.  My husband didn't want me around which I totally understand.  But there were times that I my alcoholic mind would just tell me 'screw it get a bottle.'  I mean what did it matter.  But that's when I would remind myself that my sobriety mattered to me.  I owe it to myself to not drink.  And all that other stuff comes second.  Did I really want to relapse AGAIN? It's tiring.  So I know you you say you don't want to drink right now but just realize how cunning alcohol can be and remember the reasons you're giving it up.  And I would definitely check out some AA meetings try different ones until you find one that works for you.  You don't have to participate just listen.  It's like lurking on SD.  In my city there are several that are women only that might be more fitting for you in the beginning.  Congrats on your sobriety!
My interpretation of this (as a stranger on the internet) is that he sounds scared so he's lashing out at you and expecting the other shoe to drop any day now.  Drinking to spite him will only confirm his fears.  As someone who has hurt their SO in the past I've found that communication is all well and good but the only thing that really helped heal was consistent changes in my behavior.  I would acknowledge and validate his fears stay sober and seek out support through friends/family/AA/whatever works best for you.  I don't have much experience with AlAnon but it sounds like that might be a good support group for your husband to work through his fears.  Good luck and remember this is YOUR recovery and you always have the choice to not take that first drink.  You can do it!  
I think counseling and joining a group of people in recovery might be good supports for you; both will help you manage your responses to triggers of all sorts not just your husband's comments. Using these resources can also help you make better choices in regards to engaging in negative unproductive discussions in general...I am wondering what exactly he gets out of pointing out your addictive behavior besides it being a convenient deflection technique.  Sure he may be resentful about having had to deal with your alcoholism and that's absolutely normal but it does sound like he's trying to provoke you.  Do you think he's uncomfortable with your sobriety?  ..If you care about the marriage you might consider counseling for the both of you and perhaps even suggesting he attend Al-Anon.
[deleted]
This is full of OPINION so take it or leave it I'm not saying this will even help....Maybe he's an asshole?...Maybe you're an asshole?...Maybe you need to give up on the option of drinking over it?...My wife gave me the "When we met you didn't drink then you drank for 8 years then you didn't drink for 6 then you drank again for 4 now you're sober again and you know what? You're still an asshole." But you know what? I had changed in the time I went from drunk to sober it had been a little over a year and I didn't even want to drink over it. It hurt then the hurt subsided and I was stronger for it...I don't drink. It's better that way.
&gt; Is he testing me? Is this normal?..No it doesn't seem normal but people react in all sorts of ways.  It's some sort of psychological stuff but I can't venture to guess the reason.  It's more important to be sober *for yourself*.  ..It's easier to work thru everything else while you're sober vs. drinking.  Drinking makes us sick but also makes our family sick in a way.  I feel the first step in fixing anything drinking related is to stop drinking. Then figure out how to fix things if they *can* be fixed...I like the story of a family emerging from a storm cellar to see everything they own destroyed by a tornado.  The husband steps out and says "Isn't everything great!?  The wind stopped blowing!"  Obviously it takes time to rebuild everything once the wind stops blowing.  It's the same when we stop drinking it takes time to rebuild what we damaged...Instead of drinking simply to spite him how about you DON'T drink to spite him?  I'm kidding it's probably not the right way if it causes resentment.  I'd try for a viewpoint that allows those jabs to bounce off.  Maybe think his comments from a place of sickness caused by the drinking?  (not that you deserve them).  Maybe view the comments as a letter that is sent but there is no one to receive it?  It is return to sender because it's not staying with you...My post is kinda long but I hope you keep on the sobriety.  It's yours and no one should have a say in if you lose it.  Congrats on 11 days!
My mother did this fequently.  She would also bring up my faults and weaknesses seemingly out of the blue almost itching for a fight.  Someone told me she was codependant or something.  idk.  either way the pain of these occurances and the frequency didnt change untill I treated her like a bully.  I would just ignore her and continue on my merry way.  If it was a conversation that was steered into my alcoholism I would close the conversation and walk away.   So many times I would just retreat to my room or car and just cry it out.  I know the things I did that hurt her I knew that many wouldnt be forgiven until Time+Sobriety+Honest Change took place.  A good resource that helped save our relationship even while sober and has helped my wife to understand her part in this is ALANON.  Just keep on trucking getting drunk again isnt going to make this situation go away it will just provide grounds for this pattern to happen again...Good Luck and stay strong!  Gratz on 11 days!  The first weeks were the most confusing and hardest battles Ive encountered.
Sometimes men are threatened by women who are getting better.  If you are better you are much more likely to pursue your own goals and dreams.  He may wonder what those are and if they are going to coincide with his..Also it is harder to keep healthy people subordinate...If he is comfortable where he is at your making this change could be threatening to him.  This is a huge change you are undertaking...If he loves you he should be helping not sabotaging you.  Find out why he is. Be direct and just ask...The reason could be something completely different than what I said.  You know him you'll know if the answer makes sense..If he doesn't tell you or lies that will tell you something too...If he is a drinker he may think that you will want him to change too. That could be the reason.
