-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2acq0h/for_those_on_the_road_to_recovery_does_it_help_to/

I'm not an alcoholic but it runs in my family. I never met my grandparents - both died from alcohol related deaths. I have always taken drinking really seriously making sure I have a designated driver if I'm out and only having one or two beers maximum with a meal. ..I had a conversation recently with someone I respect a lot and he said that even if you don't have a drinking problem it can be a gift to people struggling with addiction to be a "safe space". His belief is that if you recognize how destructive alcohol can be why not put yourself out there for people so they know they have someone at a party who is going to be sober too or someone who isn't going to make drinking a feature of their relationship. ..This really spoke to me but I can't really confirm his view as I've never been in that position. So what do you all think? Is that something you would appreciate? 
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly since this would involve you having to let everyone know that you don't drink (since the people struggling are unlikely to announce that they are struggling) it sounds likely to be more potentially off-putting than anything...I know when I was drinking I would have been put off by someone telling me they are not an alcoholic have "always taken drinking really seriously" and wanted to be my sober wingman...Now if I have a close friend who happens not to drink and happens to know that I am struggling yes this is great. I've had a few friends over the years who don't drink or are in recovery and now that I am sober myself I appreciate knowing "if they can do it I can do it." But at the time that I was drinking it didn't make much a difference to me. And actually I don't spend any time with any of those people now that I'm not drinking so I'm probably not the right person to say whether it would help or not. I don't go to a lot of parties these days. ..Also if you decide to make it a night when you are having "one or two beers maximum" in the presence of the person that is struggling this could all go way south real quick.
My family are teetotalers and that's been a big help not to get sober but to stay sober.
I have a friend who doesn't drink. He was vital in me finding and experimenting with sober activities. 
