-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2afgqy/for_those_of_you_going_in_and_out_of_sobriety_and/

Would you blame yourself if you relapsed with cancer? Or would you think 'what can I do now to help forward my recovery'?
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. I have been wanting to have this conversation...My problem is that I know that I have the cure for cancer in this instance. I'm just too weak consistently to go through with it...The longest time I was sober for any consistent amount of time was for a month about 3 years ago. I thought I was making a serious change and then fell right back into bad habits. Since then maybe I have gone 3 days...I know that I have the capability. I know that I have the ability to *choose* not to have cancer. But I just don't and I am disgusted with myself for consistently making bad decisions. At least with real cancer you know that you didn't bring it upon yourself (is most cases) and that going into remission is not entirely in your control.
I wrestled with this too it doesn't help that I have a very abstract religion or belief structure a career that that is scientific and mathematical ethically regulated in it's search for better therapies and cures. 20 years ago I was much more idealistic now I am more realistic. Went from wanting to be part of a cure to wanting be part of a therapy to make it better than it was before. My life is the exact same evolution. Now I just want to make me better than I was before.
wow thanks. 
..No one chooses to relapse with cancer.  On the other hand you CHOOSE to drink. You can choose to not relapse whenever you want. Go tell someone dying of cancer how terrible it is that you each have a "disease."..Alcoholism isn't fucking cancer. 
One of the things that has saved me is the idea that if I am not getting the results I want - in ANYTHING - to keep looking for help.  Keep searching and asking for help.  ..If that means that I need to go back into treatment so be it. If that means that I need a therapist AND a sponsor so be it. If that means that I need to go to two meetings a day for a while so be it.
These comparisons tend to rub me the wrong way since the path to recovery is so incredibly clear in this case-- especially as I sit here dealing with my dad's own cancer diagnosis and the questions and the waiting and the fear and the not knowing. (Even though it might be hitting me harder today due to my own personal circumstances I've always found this kind of thinking pretty "excusey.")..But if it sets others on a better path then it's all good!
I'm responsible for my sobriety. If I had cancer and there was a medication I could take and a lifestyle I could adopt that would prevent remission for the rest of my life you bet your ass I would do it. Now with my active alcoholism I have medication I can take and a lifestyle I can adopt to keep my symptoms in remission. If I decide that I can't consistently take the meds and I'm not willing to accept the new lifestyle my alcoholism will once again take hold of my life and it absolutely will kill me. ..I believe that alcoholism is a disease and that no one chooses to to be an alcoholic. I don't believe that "alcoholism is a disease" is an excuse to justify a relapse. If you relapse it's because you were living a lifestyle that allowed you to view alcohol as an option. You drank to relieve depression elate joy to try to be a normie out of resentment and anger or because "this time it will be different." You made a choice and that choice was aided by the delusion that you weren't an alcoholic of the regular sort. Lies and dishonesty are traits that lead to relapses. To say that one relapsed just because of the disease is very glum. It means that we have no choice. That we are victims of biology and fate. I'd rather take responsibility for my relapses and use those experiences to strengthen my long term sobriety. ..Alcoholism isn't a choice but sobriety is. Take ownership of all aspects of your sobriety and don't blame biology for relapses. If you keep lying to yourself about why you relapsed you'll never learn from it. Be honest and be true to yourself.
EXTREMELY offensive to make that comparison. Sorry. 
take responsibility.  overcome challenges.  be positive...else you spiral in a dark circle with no light in sight. 
