-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ahaii/no_one_will_answer_the_phone_in_a_new_place_40/

Sorry I need to vent it is just one of those days. Sponsor is not picking up the phone. No family will pick up the phone. Only 4 days out of rehab in a new sober living house. Freaking StopDrinking chat room wont even work for some odd reason. ..Right now I just need to vent. I have a lot going on. Nothing is going right right now. Seems like everything that can go wrong is...Mom will not answer the phone God only knows why. I am not calling for money or anything. (Just need the insurance card for medical reasons)  She is just the kind of person who will not answer the phone unless she needs something. I should not be surprised. Everyone in my family is either a Alcoholic or Opiate addict. So no support there. ..Gonna have to get a new sponsor. Mine is to buys to pick the phone up even once a day. Or return a call. He came across as a really good guy and when I heard him speak in the meeting he said he had sponsored people before. ..2 people relapsed in our Sober Living within the last 48 hours. Curfew is coming up so I can not go to another meeting until tomorrow. I have never been so helpless in my entire life. Not a dollar to my name no phone and no car. Sorry for writing all of this out it just helps me get it out there. Also I am sick with strep throat...BUT I AM SOBER. 42 days!!! That is what is the most important thing to me. Everything else still matters but I can not change anything I wrote about above unless I stay sober. I had 3 job interviews yesterday and my ride stood me up without saying anything. Does. Not. Matter. ..Now I have a job I start on Tuesday anyways. (Thank god for the bus)..Thanks for reading and keep it positive guys!! No matter what....EDIT UPDATE: I am now the only person left in the house. The last 2 roommates got kicked out for sneaking out past curfew. House owner stopped by...Mom called me back very intoxicated. She is a alcoholic. But hopefully she will remember to mail the insurance card...
----------immediate responses--------

I feel your pain!! I was in a sober living house for a few months...this is  just my experience and I hope is not what the standard is but mine was pretty miserable out of 13 people there it was a revolving door no one leaving because they were better all getting kicked out for using...Good on you for 40 days! Feel free to PM me..
Ugh sorry things are going so crappy right now!..But eternal ray of sunshine-- Not a dollar to your name no phone and no car pretty much means today's in the bag right?! Mixed blessings...And congrats on the job.
I hate that no one's answering the phone but i'm glad you're here! Other people's recovery and addiction is their problem. You take care of you. I had to fire a sponsor for never calling back or picking up the phone. Heck i ran into her at a meeting and she didn't even recognize me! I'm grateful for her though because she was the first woman i ever asked to be my sponsor and she said yes. That was a good start. I'm just glad she was so unavailable that my choice was clear...Keep looking for a new sponsor and congrats on 42 days!
Congrats on the JOB!!!! Good luck on Tuesday! Not sure I know of any better feeling than that first day on the job ;) - As far as your Mom sponsor etc... Sorry for that. We all have those people in our lives we wished were more thoughtful or caring... truth is... I am probably one of "those" people myself some days.... good luck!
Nice work on the job and staying sober!  You nailed it when you said you can't change anything unless you stay sober.  It actually DOES make it easier to get things done.  You may know this but www.e-aa.org has several meeting options (phone video chat and email).
Are you feeling any better now? I hope you got ahold of someone I've recently learned there are lots of nice people who are willing to listen!
