-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2akyqy/my_personal_journey_to_sobriety_hopefully_it_will/

September 18 2011.I've come to two conclusions and I'm writing this to help myself understand them both. First I'm an alcoholic and second I've decided to stop drinking. Most social drinkers think of the alcoholic as the guy who has to get drunk every night alone at home or at the bar. The non-functional I don't care who knows about it I'm getting drunk kind of alcoholic. But there's another kind at least I've come to realize in my world there's another kind. There's me. The kind of alcoholic that I am is the kind who can have just 1 or 2 glasses of wine or beer mostly... and then on other nights... .You see I've come to realize that there are normal cravings for the taste of a good glass of wine or beer like with a steak a nice merlot or on a hot day an ice cold beer sure tastes good. And I have those cravings I have the normal  that sure sounds good  kind of cravings I can have that beer or wine and the craving will go away just like it does for 99% of everyone else. But recently I've realized that I have another kind of craving and it is not a craving for a flavor or a taste but for a state of mind or perhaps more accurately a state of no-mind. My problem is a craving of the feelings I get when I'm drunk. Not tipsy not buzzed but drunk. So far this craving only comes after the first 1 or 2 drinks and not every time but when it does the craving turns into a need. It doesn't care whether I have to go to work tomorrow or whether I'll hurt myself or even hurt someone else. It just has to be fed. .Now that's not to say that I completely lose control and this need completely takes over. That would be an easy cop-out. No I am still in some kind of control when it hits. Carefully making sure I don't have to drive anywhere or making sure I have water by the bed or making sure that I go to bed to get at least 6 hours of sleep. But the damage still happens and I know now that it needs to stop. .From this craving I've certainly had repercussions. In my health I've experienced hangovers terrible anxiety vomiting gastritis and even early stages of neuropathy. Emotionally it has really taken a toll on both myself and my relationships. The anxiety the next day after getting drunk has become an all too familiar dance of self-loathing beratement promises broken and stress like I can't even describe. Socially it has also taken a toll; loss of productivity at work (yes I've gone to work hungover hoping no one will notice) loss of respect with My wife and even hurting her with worry and stress. It is still hurting me now with having to confront friends and tell them that I just can't drink with them anymore. This may be the hardest one of all. I hate to hurt other people and telling them that  you know that beer we used to have together and had all those good times with? Yeah that was killing me and we can't do that anymore  is tough to take at least for me. Nobody likes to look in the mirror and see themselves doing something ugly and hanging out with the guy who doesn't drink has that effect. It's like the bar or club with the just-too-bright light on; it's uncomfortable for everyone..But how did I come to realize that this was happening? I didn't just wake up one day and say  Hey I'm an alcoholic!  I also didn't read a book or watch a movie or TV show to figure it out. It's been a long time coming and it's taken me years to piece all of the puzzle pieces together. Little by little my patterns have formed a coherent picture like putting together a puzzle. Each piece falling into place to show a complete picture. Now I can see the behaviours for what they are a pattern. My pattern goes like this: I'll say  hey a glass of wine sounds good to take the edge off tonight! I'm stressed about X Y and Z.  I'll then have said drink of choice and then suddenly the second craving hits and when it does the only thing I can do is damage control; just make sure I don't end up somewhere unsafe when I pass out. It's especially bad if I'm alone and lonely. On the other hand getting into situations with friends where old patterns emerge can put me in the same state of mind but then it's not the craving as much as it is the habit but I think that's a different story with the same ending. Either way it's the ending I need to avoid..Now the cravings for the 1-2 drinks I can handle. It's the cravings for the being drunk that I worry about. At this point I can control it by avoiding the triggers and the more serious craving is relatively rare. My concern is that the cravings have become more intense and frequent as meanwhile my body and my life  have become less able to handle the damage. I'm not as young as I used to be and I have more responsibilities now. Along with those responsibilities come a lot more to lose. Therefore I'm stopping drinking now while I can and while it makes sense in my life. .I'm scared for the future as I worry about losing old friends or not having as much fun anymore. But I'm also optimistic that I feel clear-headed and can focus on things in life that really make me happy. I can be more productive spend less money on things that are bad for me and focus on handling emotional issues rather than drinking to make myself feel better. I'm not sure if this explains what I'm thinking very clearly but it's at least been cathartic to write it all out....Update November 8 2012.Well It's been a year and guess what? I'm right back where I started. After months of not drinking I tried to bring drinking back in moderation. Only 1-2 drinks and not every day. That worked for a while but it started to slip and I started drinking more than I wanted to. The real challenge just hit today and I failed. I'm at a meeting for work all by myself in a hotel and after about a year of managing the cravings and drinking I fell into an old pattern and I drank way too much one night; by my best estimate I had about 10 drinks in 4 hours. It was a  free  drink event but that's simply an excuse. The next day the hangover that ensued convinced me that I have to stop for good. Hangovers have gone from uncomfortable to scary. The entire day I experienced all of the symptoms that made me go to my doctor and have endless tests and scans: dizziness mental fogginess anxiety and depression that were crippling. I had such a terrible morning it's almost indescribable. It definitely and measurably affected my performance the next day and I had to skip several events and muddle through others. My wife could tell immediately on the phone that I was just not right. I felt foggy dizzy anxious and depressed which lingered on into several days. On top of that I experienced some neuropathy symptoms in my left hand some gastritis and my body temperature was off at night. These symptoms are quantifiable signs of real damage caused by the 10% of the time when I can't keep it in control. I need to stop the bingeing 100% of the time; 90% is not good enough. I can feel myself changing and getting progressively more affected by each binge. I simply cannot continue down this path of destruction. I have too much to lose and I'm terrified of what damage I've done and would continue to do...I know now that I have to do 3 things:.1. Stop drinking for good; effective immediately..2. Talk to my wife and read this to her.3. Talk to my doctor at my physical later this month...The second and third ones are key. I need to tell them my fears and get help..THIS HAS TO STOP for myself for my wife and children..What's done is done but I need to assess the damage honestly (with my doctor) and start building a plan to prevent future damage and put the pieces together; building a plan for success..I've put this off long enough and I now know that I can't handle this problem with the 100% success that I need unless I make a change now. I vow to make that change...Update July 11 2014.Well that last post really turned out to be a turning point for me. I haven't had a drink since over 2 years sober now. I think I'm lucky; my physical symptoms were pretty severe and I have a wonderful family to help me with the social changes. While the craving issue which I worried about a lot at first is completely internal having a wife and young kids makes all of the social aspects much more bearable. For one thing I don't have to stress about the awkardness of asking someone out on a date and then explaining why I'm not having anything to drink and how it's not become I'm (insert tee-totalling religion here) or just out of rehab for alcohol drugs and whatever else she is imagining..Overall finding a new way to socialize has been the hardest part for me. In fact I'm still struggling with it. I haven't craved or even missed drinking in the 2 years since I quit but I have realized that I don't enjoy being around people who are drinking. Maybe it's a combination of disgust fear of temptation and social anxiety but I just really hate going to social events where people are there to drink. I just can't enjoy myself anymore. And maybe that's why I liked drinking so much in the first place it allowed me to get past my (mild) social anxiety and now that I don't have that crutch it bothers me more than I ever realized. I also find that I need to find a new set of friends and as a middle-aged married guy it's a lot harder than it ever was before. I've certainly met other guys who don't drink or don't care whether or not activities would include drinking but now I find the time I have to devote to building those relationships is scarce (work family etc). I'm not as care-free as I used to be and free-time is a premium especially when I think about not spending it with my kids; I just feel too guilty. I know lots of guys struggle with this even those who do drink so I know I'm not alone. I am dealing with social aspects and feel confident that I'll solve that puzzle. I feel tremendously grateful that I've come this far and I am looking forward to a bright future..
----------immediate responses--------

The way I heard it say recently is that I can not control my alcohol consumption. I never knew when I took that first sip if I was going to be a lady or if I was going to get black out drunk and ruin my life...There are as many different ways an alcoholic can look as there are people...Congrats on your two years! You have a bright life ahead:)..I will give you this cautionary tale. At about 2 years I became complacent in my recovery. Started hanging out with people I shouldn't. Stopped doing the things that got and kept me sober. So at about 2 years I relapsed.  My partner at the time did the same things i did he too became complacent. And at about 3 years he relapsed too.   My point is never think you've graduated for this disease. 
Thank you for taking the time to write that all out. .."It doesn't care whether I have to go to work tomorrow or whether I'll hurt myself or even hurt someone else. It just has to be fed"..I am the same I can't explain it its a monster that needs to be fed and the only way for me to avoid it is to not pick up the first drink...Congrats on two years that is a huge accomplishment!
Wow good job.  Thanks for sharing this. Good for you and continued luck with your sober path.
Wow this post is really beautiful and inspiring.  Congratulations!  And I can relate on the socializing thing...seeing other people drink just makes me uncomfortable now.  Fortunately I have discovered a surprising number of activities people do sober.  But the most important thing is to take care of yourself and be good to the people closest to you.
Many thanks for sharing such a personal story.  I was tearing up reading that because I believe I'm in your Stage 1 right now.  ..It's hard to break free from that cycle (socially mentally etc) and I'm actually scared to.  I think it's the fear of loss-- losing my friendships my self (love the 3 drink personality and letting go of anxiety) and business ramifications... ie. becoming the "weird guy" that doesn't have a beer during a golf outing...Your post inspires me to change stop drinking and get my mind/body sober.  Saying I'm a social drinker is just a lie at this point and your post acts as a mirror showing me my denial.  Thank you.
The worst part of withdrawal for me aside from the anxiety is the nightmares. Some of the most vivid terrifying dreams I've ever had. In one I could tell I was dreaming by biting my tongue and not feeling it. The only way to wake up was to turn the gun I'm carrying on myself. Absolute insanity.
This really hit home for me. My hangovers are the exact same - dizziness anxiety even the nueropathy (my father has it also). I want to quit so badly but I'm so scared. Advice?
