-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2akzn9/stepping_out_of_lurker_mode/

Hi everyone. I've been lurking here for a while and wanted to say hi. I've been struggling with drinking too much for a while now and tried to cut down. Like many of the people here that didn't work so well once I'd had a few. Anyway I've found this sub to be an awesome resource to keep my resolve strong. I grabbed a badge and it's helpful to see the days add up. ..Since quitting drinking I've got more energy and I can feel my thinking become clearer. It is so nice to wake up feeling refreshed and coherent rather than full of regret and a headache. ..I would like to share one thought that others might find helpful. I come from a long line of alcoholics and I know that I and many others struggle with reconciling feelings of regret for past actions. My dad became really active in AA after a lifetime of alcohol abuse - he lost his business family and probably a lot of self respect in the mix. When he finally got sober I was suspicious of him for a while. But after he proved that he was done with drinking I wasn't really worried about the person he used to be. I was just happy to have my dad back the guy I used to know that hadn't been around for such a long time. ..I would imagine that is how most of our family and friends feel - so keep staying sober and showing up for life. You'll be happier and the people in your life will too. I bet they missed you...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey /u/jiffycat thanks for jumping out of lurker mode and making a post..."It is so nice to wake up feeling refreshed and coherent rather than full of regret and a headache"..So true that's one of my main reasons for remaining sober. I know my parents missed me when I was in my dark drinking hole I wasn't myself. I can be myself and show up for life everyday now no matter how hard it is. I can be there for my family and try to be the good person I know I can be.  
Nice to see your post /u/jiffycat -- since you have been in lurker mode I'll trust that you have seen my standard greeting to the "newcomers" and I hope you will continue to post and comment as you go along and get sober.
Welcome! You look so much better out of the shadows! So glad you are here.
Welcome home. Sobriety is awesome. Keep it up... make it a lifetime. 
Hello and welcome! I bet the people who love you have missed you too and are happy you are getting well. Kudos for 11 days!
Awesome post!  Glad to hear you're enjoying the energy &amp; clear thinking  :)
