-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ao2jq/when_there_are_2_of_you/

I'm not going to drink today.  Not the first time I've said this but I will start with today. It's something I want to change very much but part of my challenge is that my partner also drinks too much he will likely 'try' with me but he won't cut it out entirely and so I have alcohol in my house which is why I have relapsed before.  Has anyone else faced this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I have faced this before and having it in the house is certainly not going to make your life easier but It can be done. You have exactly the right idea in that you will start with today thats all we have really today. You can worry about tomorrow tomorrow. I will join you in not drinking...today!
I don't know your situation but can you make any sort of deal not to have alcohol in your house till you feel you are strong enough?  Maybe your partner could drink when he is out in bars etc but not at home for now?  I don't envy your situation. Good luck.
No offense to your partner but......If someone identifies herself as having a drinking problem and is attempting to quit and that person's partner cannot agree to abstain and keep liquor out of the house DURING EARLY SOBRIETY then that person is a selfish myopic SOB.  ..I am always at a loss for people who are making good faith attempts to quit an addiction and their loved ones don't support them in a tangible helpful way.  If my wife had kept liquor in our house and actively drank during my early recovery there is no freakin' way that I would have stayed sober.  There were just too many fleeting moments where I would have caved...Good luck Sara!  I truly hope this works for you.  If you are not using a solid support group (like AA) maybe you want to look into it?..Actually now that I read it maybe offense is intended to your partner.
My SO who I live with  drinks and did so throughout my sobriety but only once to excess.  We also have two roommates who regularly drink to excess.  While this was difficult for me in the beginning I Believe I'm stronger in sobriety because of it. I also never wanted people to change their behavior or walk on eggshells because of me. It's my issue not theirs.  Since I'm always or at least very regularly in a situation when people are drinking around me  it takes the significance away from situations I'd other wise be tempted by our anxious about.  For example if I go out and people are drinking its not much different than my home and I've become very used to not drinking while people around me ate doing so. Your situation my be very different as my SO is not a heavy drinker.  While it may be more difficult now  I think you'll be stronger from it and item make things easier late on.  Good luck and stay strong. Just don't drink today and I won't either. 
Yes I face this currently.  I have been out of my house the past two weeks so it has been easier to avoid alcohol but now I'm back home.  However my husband is saying that although he's been drinking everyday these past weeks he wants to go clean this week (not permanently).  Starting today.  So hopefully he will.  He is doing it for himself and to support me.  I definitely recommend having a conversation with your partner about your past relapses and your struggles and why you want to stop drinking.  And as rogermelly1 just said talk to him about not having anything at the house for a while.  Good luck and keep visiting SD for support!
Get rid of the alcohol if you are both "going to try."  You and your partner box it up and take it to a friend for storage and eventual disposal.  ..Good job on the resolution not to drink TODAY. 
I did in the past.  Then I set some hard rules that applied when I started drinking again.  I wont inconvience my friends or family to make it to the liquor store.  I will only drink booze that are offered or my personal (ie not stealing others booze).  This is 2 easy rules that made my last drunken rampage less externally damaging than the previous ones.  This has also lead to my confidence that my wife can have beer wine or hard stuff in the house and I wont touch it.  Im only 80 odd days into this and at first it was hard to see wine in the fridge.  I would catch myself staring at it rationalizing trying to get enough excuses to break the rules.  Ive stuck to it and it seems to be working.  It also helps to know the destruction that will ensue if I choose to give up for today.
Your partner has got to live his own life when it comes down to it. They should be there to support you in your decisions to make a change but they should also understand that you need to get away from certain environments sometimes if you need to. ..My wife typically has a few watered down sangrias a night and never drinks to excess but it is always around. She understands that sometimes I'll need to disappear upstairs and play some games for the night. I'm lucky though in that I never drank the things that she drinks and we're not keeping beer or whiskey in the house anymore which are the only things that I drank. ..Good luck and check in if you ever need to. I have tried this so many times but just reading a few posts here a few times a day has really made it so much easier to stay on focus. You've got this!
First congratulations on your first 24 hours and welcome. I am told that ..&gt; The family should meet on the common ground of tolerance understanding and love. ...There is a couples meeting I go to that is AA and Al-Anon combined. Every person there has been where you are now. Sometimes it is two alcoholics sometimes it is an alcoholic and an Al-Anon. Sometimes it is two Al-Anons. The point is that it is very possible for a couple of us (alcoholics) to recover even at different times and find a new and better relationship together. I see it every Thursday. I do not want to overload you on your first day of sobriety but I do need to tell you that there is more help available for you than you even know. ..In my experience I have a desire to stop drinking so I am de facto a member of AA. I also find that I am powerless over the alcohol that my friends and family drink and it makes my life unmanageable so I also belong to Al-Anon. ..If you and your spouse are both drinking you both qualify to be what we call "double winners." That is alcoholic al-anons like me. By participating in both of these programs  my drinking and everyone else's drinking has ceased to ruin my life.  I do not know if I could have done it without these programs. No that is not true. I know. I tried for a long time to control my drinking and everyone else's too. I could not. ..**TL;DR: AA + Al-Anon = relevant user name.** 
Luckily my SO doesn't drink.  However I did have a bottle of whisky the first 35 days or so that I didn't touch.  Initially I was only quitting for 30 days and then I decided to quit for good and dumped it.  ..So you can do it but you have to be aware that seeing or smelling it can be triggering and cause urges.  The urges pass tho you don't have to give in to them.  Congrats on starting!
