-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ap40b/drinking_as_an_excuse_to_isolate/

So as I'm getting a few more days under my belt (this time around) I'm thinking more about some of the potential "whys" of my alcoholism. I mean there were the obvious reasons but there were some other things that always surfaced when I was drinking and I think they're things that I need to deal with now that I'm more clear-headed...1.) I loved to plan a drinking binge because it always included an eating binge. It was like I loved getting drunk because I knew I would be able to eat whatever I wanted and not feel guilty or bad while doing so (in fact wasn't it *good* that I was absorbing all that alcohol with multiple cheesesteaks?) How much of the drinking was just to mask the desire or assuage the guilt of binge eating?..2.) I loved to plan a drinking binge because it allowed me to unplug from other people for days at a time. I could plan it all in advance cancel my plans and/or not feel guilty for changing them at the last minute. I'm struggling with this one now. I mean sometimes I just wanna go underground for a whole weekend not make plans just do things by myself and on my own. Is that ok? (The question is rhetorical; I'm still figuring it out.)..Anyway those are some of the things I'm thinking about now that I'm coming up on 30 days. Thanks for reading and let me know if you can relate or have anything to add. .
----------immediate responses--------

I need a lot of alone time too and it is OK until it isn't. I think I definitely used alcohol (and especially weed) to take that too far as a lifestyle like I got to where I really didn't do anything with other people on weekends and just wanted to live in my little womb. ..But seriously of course it is OK to want to just have some undisturbed time now and then. It is a thing that a lot of people do not understand though: the dominant idea seems to be that if you aren't "doing something" you should accept anything at all as a better default. But when you pursue this so far that you damage relationships and become generally socially avoidant (like I did) then it's not so OK anymore.
It's great that you're looking thru possible reasons for past drinking.  That will help you figure out how to avoid it going forward.  I think being alone is good if it recharges you (I'm the same way to a point).  If looking forward to a weekend alone was good for you I'd still do it but do it sober.  ..I try not to think that I "should" do things because that's what others do.  I "should" do what I decide to do as long as it's not harming me or others.  Congrats on 27!
I like being alone a lot probably too much since February I've been taking weekend jaunts to spend more time with family (in Idaho right now) I do it more for them to be assured I'm still sober since isolation was a big part of my drinking then I lived purposefully far away so it wasn't convenient to just "drop in" now I live in a town that people drive through to get somewhere else. I'm not going to stay there but when I leave I will have over a year.
Wow you are describing my sort of alkie thinking to a tee!  I isolated so could I drink the way I wanted to drink which was into a stupor.
From experience with myself and others I can say almost all of us have extremist tendencies in many areas besides alcohol.  I think you are right that alcohol makes it easier to hook into those other things without guilt or hesitation...As far as the other stuff goes I crave the "unplugging" before anything else these days.  Towards the end of my drinking expectations of me performing functional human responsibilities were zero.  The reasons for this were ugly and tragic but the fact remains I got to do what I wanted to do when I wanted to do it.  More or less anyway.  Now I work for a fortune 500 tech company and much is expected of me.  By mid-week the urge to go underground is strong.  My destructive mind if given enough rope tells me the old days were carefree (they were not) and harmless (there was harm done to myself and others).  There is only one solution I have found for these destructive dangerous feelings of bittersweet nostalgia -- namely being around other alcoholics in recovery.  The catch: That is the very last thing I want to do when I am wanting to isolate and forget the world!  But it works.  This subreddit can fill some of that need for a recovery community but I would strongly suggest checking out some meeting houses until you find yourself in the company of people you find admirable intriguing entertaining or whatever you're looking for.  That human connection is the only thing that works when I feel like running from the world...Thanks for the post and stay positive.
Craving solitude is a natural human feeling. In fact many people avoid it because they can't be alone with their thoughts for fear of what they might find. But solitude can reveal many surprising and positive thoughts too...As with company there are different qualities of solitude. Locking yourself in your apartment for three days and getting hammered is on the lower end. Hiking walking meditating reading and writing alone are on the other end...See:.http://www.poetryfoundation.org/poem/175899.And.http://paulocoelhoblog.com/2013/01/23/on-solitude/
I can very much relate to this. I exercise frequently and always thought of rewarding myself with an "uber cheat day" on rare occasion. On those days I would just pig out eat fast food drink Jim Beam and get black out drunk just because it was my day off from exercising and being healthy. And there are other times that I just wanted to disappear for a couple days be on my own and not think about the world. I'd shut my phone off and just drink by myself. I wasn't depressed or anything I just needed a break from society ya know? Neither option is particularly good or healthy but it's something I've come to figure out as I've analyzed my own drinking habits too. It's good to know there are others who do the same as me. I feel pretty guilty about it sometimes especially because me getting black out drunk usually lasts for a day or three. 
I can relate for sure. I definitely planned my binges and I was always alone. I didn't like others asking questions about how much or how quickly I drank. There was also a binge eating aspect to it. It was easy to over eat when I was binge drinking. I also don't like it when others make comments about what or how much I'm eating. That's a connection I just made now thanks to your post. Thank you for sharing.
