-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2atqr6/hello_and_good_evening_im_a_28_year_old_male_aa/

I just created this alternate account to post here. I am hoping that within this community I'll have the opportunity to help others who are struggling and maybe make some friends along the way...I got drunk for the first time when I was fifteen and got arrested that night. I swore the next day I'd never drink again. I got drunk again only a few hours later. Thus I began a pattern of self harm and destruction of every relationship in my life. I believe I was born an alcoholic because I've always thought the way we think. However when I found alcohol and other substances I ran with them until I could not bear to live anymore and still I did not stop. I used to scream at my alarm clock every morning because it signaled another dreadful day on earth. I tried numerous methods to reduce my drinking or stop altogether but I could not stop until I voluntarily shipped myself to another state (I'm American) at just under 21 years old...This month I turned 28 and celebrated 7 years sober. Since getting sober I went back to college repaired many of the relationships I thought were permanently destroyed and learned how to live without destroying myself. I've had many bumps along the way did some things that I'm not proud of with money and women but I have learned that no matter what happens I don't have to drink...In order to get and stay sober and learn to enjoy and love life I joined AA and have gone through the steps three times and continue to practice them. I will never tell anyone that AA is the only way to get sober but it is what I did and I believe I owe everything I have to what I found when I got to AA. I am convinced that if I can do this anyone can...Please feel free to ask me any questions or introduce yourself to me. If you are struggling I promise it gets better. I wonder if anyone would be interested in skype or hangouts sponsorship? Just an idea...Peace be with you all...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing and welcome to our merry band of marauders!
Thank you for wanting to be a part of SD I hope you become a frequent "face" here.
Glad you made it. 
Thank you for your open and honest introduction.  Your badge looks great! :)
Hello and welcome /u/crazynP/ to our world! Hope you'll stick around. We can always use more people to help with chores. 
The best way to help is to contribute publicly out in the open where everyone can see what you're saying. That way everyone benefits from your insights and the person you're attempting to assist can receive input from a variety of sources. Since you've been sober for 7 years I'm sure I don't have to tell you about the dangers associated with the types of one-on-one relationships you're proposing particularly when coming from a guy who has a brand new account and no relationship with this community.   It has been a problem in the past...Welcome! I'm glad you found us.
Welcome! It's awesome seeing someone who got sober going stay sober. Really motivational.  I'm a little over five months sober and I got sober when I was 21 (turned 22 a couple of weeks ago.)  ..I just now started going to AA meetings and I really enjoy them and they've helped. It's great to be completely open with others about alcoholism. ..What has helped you stay sober for so long? Have your 20's been difficult because of your status as a non-drinker? .
Excellent!  It just keeps getting easier doesn't it? :)
LISTEN TO THIS PERSON!!..I wish I got sober at your age. Congrats welcome.
Welcome aboard!
congrats and welcome. I am a newcomer to this /r/ but so far it has been great. I too am an AA without the program I could have never done this.
[deleted]
Welcome..
Welcome /u/crazynP. Glad you are here. 
Welcome. This place is the best front-line I have found on the internet for both people suffering from a drinking problem and people with solutions who genuinely want to help. I wish you the best as well.
Alright man!!
Welcome and thanks for sharing your experience. I drank alcoholically for 25 years and wish I had stopped when you did. I am in AA as well and it's rare to find someone your age with long term sobriety. Your experience will be appreciated here!
but I have learned that no matter what happens I don't have to drink...Needed this today  thanks for posting!..&gt;..
