-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2b40ef/struggling_to_not_drink/

Hello my name is Zoey...I guess I am here to share and get some support. I've been drinking since my mid teens and by the time I was old enough to buy it on my own it become a huge part of my life to escape that not so good parts at first.   But as you can imagine it has had very destructive results. No matter what type of mood I was in a bright or dark day was always met with daily heavy drinking and I learned to be a functional alcoholic...I've been sober for a little over a month now which I can't even remember a time where I didn't drink for so long.  I'm doing this without any support group and I'm not sure if  I should join one or not....I am going through so much right now my grandfather has cancer and isn't expected to make it and he has always been a big part of my life.  He's always sort of been my idol  and I just can't imagine a world without him.   I don't want to lose him I love him so much.   He impacted my life from teaching me how to tie my shoes when I was little to the field that I study to be like him...Next is the woman I love we have known each other for almost four years. I love her more than anything and I drank alot less during our happy times but whenever things got bad I would drink and then I would do or say something stupid and make things so much worse. We are no longer together for a while though and she just ended our friendship. She was my main reason to quit in hopes that maybe I could be a better person and be worthy of her yet when I shared my month milestone to her she seemed to not even care. I thought things were getting better.  She called me a "evil person" and that really hurt maybe it's true though  but I don't want to hurt anyone especially her and I am so sorry that my words and actions have.   She's a pillar in my life and I feel like my entire foundation is going to crumble without her. ..Lastly is my mental illness.  I don't know if drinking helped masked it or if this stress is triggering it even more.  It's become extreme for myself and very noticeable  to others.   I hate sharing this and writing this right now. But just to give you a idea of one of the many things I am dealing with is the knocking it starts off like a single hand knocking on a wall and then more and more and it's like there is a thousand hands knocking around my house and it doesn't end until I scream.  Thank goodness I live alone.   I feel like my choices are either sobriety or sanity. ..I guess that's it thank you for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

Man I can tell you that all of these issues cannot be fixed with alcohol. In fact it will most likely make them worse. ..As for the mental illness hold tight. The first two months are the roughest for you mentally. Things will start to level out. ..I would suggest writing out what you want and then make a map of how to get it. Be honest with yourself about everything and you will be able to build a good foundation for changing your life.
[deleted]
Welcome! Congrats on making it a month....that is great news. This sub is very active abundant in compassion and smarts. Couple things I have to caution you about getting sober for anyone other than yourself it just doesn't work that way you have to want it independent of anyone or your chances of success dwindle quickly. As far as support goes you don't get a trophy for going it alone I am NEVER impressed when someone says "I did it on my own" my thought is always "why would you do that?" Turning away free and wonderful support without even trying it is quite frankly foolish. If my doctor gives me a diagnosis of a disease that can kill me but the trick is I have to cure myself and I have one of two options I can walk into room A with people who has the same disease in varying phases and want to help you or room B where there is nothing but a cricket. This is my life....I'm taking the help. Because make no mistake this shit will kill you...Pull up a chair stick  around let us know how to help you succeed just bring with you willingness and honesty and we can knock this out of the park.
Congrats on 30 days! I would definitely suggest some support you are going through some tough times right now and having support for your sobriety will help you.  Have you seen a Dr. at all?  If you've been using alcohol to medicate mental illness it might be worth getting checked out and talking with them about what you're feeling now.  As others have said you've been poisoning your body for a long time and it does take time to heal.  Good luck to you keep checking in.
Why do you hear knocking? Is that a symptom of a diagnosed mental disorder? Sounds like a little bit of schizophrenia. Might want to go see a doctor so you can get pills to help regulate your brain would be a good first step in to getting your life more in control because the alcohol has gotta be messing with your brain chemistry.
Bro I feel you except I waited a lot longer to stop drinking. My father died my girl left I dropped out of school and within that time became a totally dysfunctional alcy. It's been quite a while since I quit and eventually my anxiety left but I still have some ticks (a small price to pay imho.) I never sought treatment my failures in life were more than enough motivation to get better. I guess I don't have much advice I'll just say that it gets better but if you drink it can always get way worse. You know the right thing to do and we are all rooting for you friend!
Welcome /u/Zoeykins to r/stopdrinking--Sobriety was my path to sanity and I got there by stopping drinking and getting sober.  These are the very practical things I did to accomplish it:  ..1. I started doing this almost from the beginning every day at that moment when I first got up--when my eyes pop open--I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction...3. Tomorrow I repeat...The key in my early days sober was just getting to bed without any alcohol. Toughing it out...Nowadays commenting and posting on this sub is a huge part of how I stay sober since it serves the purpose of being accountable...Good luck.
Thank you for sharing your story with us helping you may help another and that's what this community is all about. ..First you are an alcoholic and if you *truly* want to recover and lead a permanent life of sobriety you will have to do everything you can and that means utilizing **every** resource. ..If you have an opportunity to get to a support group do it. If you have the opportunity to read a book on your illness read it.  Do everything you can to take care of yourself. You never know what that missing piece of the puzzle will be so try everything. ..Second did you feel better after sharing your story? If so continue to write and share. Talk about your grandfather your love your mental issues talk about it all. You can share here a blog a diary anywhere just as long as you are getting it out of your mind. ..Third  before you began drinking what did you do? We're you a creative person did you dance did you weld? ..Find that passion you used to have and get back to it. Rekindle that fire that burns hot in your chest and makes you feel alive fuel it and find yourself again. ..Becoming the authentic *you* after years of numbing is difficult but worth it. ..Stay Strong and Stay Sober 
