-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2b7idq/one_year_today/

When I checked my account today and saw 365 days I couldn't believe it. The days sometimes hours have added up faster than I thought!..A year ago I was packing to move to a new city partly because I knew it would help me get sober and partly for better job opportunities. Today I live in a nice place have an adorably naughty cat and am preparing to start a new job in the field that I love. Whenever the cravings pop up I think back to a few of many horrible moments when I was vomiting or crying wishing I wasn't drinking and how wonderful it would feel when I didn't have to drink to calm the withdrawals or deal with stress. I sometimes wonder how much farther along I would be in my life if I had stopped sooner but what is more important is that I finally did and I don't have to worry about whether I'll wake up in the morning...I am so grateful to be sober. For anyone who is struggling you can do it. Ask for help when you need it and be honest with yourself. Drinking only closed doors for me sobriety opened them.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! Very happy for you....I'm pulling up the rear I'll join the one year folks in a touch over a month!
CONGRATULATIONS!  Tell me about your cat :).
Congratulations /u/barley_foo!
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you!
So awesome. Congrats!
Congrats! 
Yay for you and yay for today barley_foo!!  I'm so glad you opened the door to sobriety and stepped through to the other side. It's pretty freaking awesome to be here with you a year later. :-)
Congrats!  We are having similar moments at almost the exact same time stranger.  So happy for you and remembering where I was 364 days ago.
Right on! Happy Birthday!
&gt;A year ago I was packing to move to a new city partly because I knew it would help me get sober and partly for better job opportunities...I really want to move too. This town is FULL of places that trigger that urge to drink. So many memories after 16 years here including all of my 20's. Congrats. It sounds like you're really happy. .
I'm just coming up to 6 months and like yourself my life has improved beyond recognition since I stopped drinking. Congratulations and thanks for the inspiration.
Thanks for your post.
Cool.
Way to go!!
Congrats! Thanks for the post! 
Congratulations! You described exactly what I felt just a week ago. And now I feel wonderful. It's amazing how your mind just sort of slips back in to the drinking mindset though so that's why I'm actively trying to remind myself of the horrors of being drunk...
&gt; how wonderful it would feel when I didn't have to drink to calm the withdrawals or deal with stress...Mother fucking preach.  
A year is a long time w/o a drink... '...so grateful to be sober.'   ..That is it a gradual shift from "why can't I drink like a normal person" to "this is such a great way to be"...Thanks for sharing your 1 year !
