-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bgu09/this_power_greater_than_myself_the_aa_program/

today i received my first 6month sobriety chip since the last time i darkened a 12step room when i was 17 or 18 after my last of three treatment centers i visited from when i was 15. treatment centers were where i learned of the 12 step program and by the third center i began buying into the AA 12 step program but between the lack of interest in the fellowship and/or sponsors relapsing and/or i understanding the health of my sobriety was my responsibility i continued the search for an easier softer way by way of relapse and bible school. by the time bible school was over i had been sober 6yrs and have since been under the influence of the shadow of this disease isolation drinker self server incomprehensible demoralization. with no intent to continue the return trip 6 months ago i needed to get my license back from a DUI and was given reference to show attendance in the 12 step program of AA prior to seeing a substance abuse counselor for letter of recommendation for my license. i thought 'oh i could do that'. that was 01/21/14 and god is good. the 12 steps and traditions offer me guidance and direction to a feral child and the rooms help keep my disease in check perhaps satisfied. no place else to hide now from God's goodness . . . watch me grow~
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! What great news!
Nice!  Why don't you grab a badge and join our merry bunch of sobernauts?  Your updates will be a real power of example.
...the AA program is a power greater than myself i.e. bands and business's like Metallica who have stood the test of time and maintained generational fan-base the Quick-trip gas stations that keep popping up everywhere and Air that life breaths. -came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity- -we admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable' . . . "the great obsession has to be smashed!" that i can drink like other people. Step1...drives me into an 'insanity-confession' -i'm insane because i keep repeating the same thing over and over and expect different results 'this time it will be different...i'll be able to be satisfied just with the buzz and maintain relationships' (powerless and unmanageability) I'm selfish self-centered iv'e blown all my relationships threw drinking personal and professional i'm an island. Ha! "i thought i was keeping it simple...i could get drunk alone." -Step2 i don't know if i have a relationship w/ God anymore (insane) i obviously don't. God can shine on my most wretched demoralizations and make me human again how? -12steps/12traditions seems they can teach me moral guidance. Program members maintain serenity w/ out drinking for years how? I don't understand God. there seems to be another common thread 'I'm not alone anymore' (we our) step 1 and 2. God grant me the serenity.
