-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bh1pf/a_friend_wont_seek_help/

My best friend since childhood has struggled with alcohol on and off for a while now. I had to get him out of a bad situation today and have him crash at my place. When he woke up I finally had a real discussion with him about seeing a doctor and he said that if i tell his family about it they will "corner him" into seeking help and he will leave the state and burn relational bridges. ..He wants to quit and he will quit within a week once he smokes a ton of weed but in 6 months he will be back at the same place like he has done again and again. ..He says he simply wont go seek help from a professional and i explained to him hes hurting everyone he loves by doing this and he says he knows and he knows he should seek help and hes selfish and stupid for not doing it but he says it doesnt matter. hes just not going to do it. ..This makes no sense to me!!!..How can I help change his mind. It's as if there is a mental block for him to even acknowledge the possibility. 
----------immediate responses--------

You cannot help him doesn't work that way. I would still tell his family so that you and they starry attending al-anon or head over to that sub which is probably better suited for the issue as they are the loved ones of alcoholics and most here are alcoholics so in general we don't we don't have the same issue. Good luck sounds like you are dealing with a very thick skull.
Things got easier for me when I realized my only choice was life on life's terms. In this case acceptance is key that the issue is not your own and you likely cannot help until help is wanted.
Tell him about this subreddit. Who knows maybe reading some stuff here will motivate him a bit.
My ex-wife started going to Al Anon (there's a /r/alanon subreddit) and just her ACTION in doing this for herself conveyed a message to me about my drinking that was clear loud and unmistakeable.  While I didn't start recovery for another couple of years it planted a seed in my thinking that I was never able to shake.
You can't change his mind. Stop thinking that you can. The best thing you can do for him is cut him out of your life completely. Tell him that until he gets help you will not be spending time with him or speaking to him. You've got to take care of yourself.
It's useless for him to seek help if he doesn't want to stop himself in my opinion.  I was forced into going to some group alcohol counseling thing once when I got in trouble at college (wasn't AA not sure what it was called).  It was a complete joke to me and almost reassured myself that I had nothing wrong because most of the people there had way bigger issues than myself.  I was just there to "serve my time" if you will and went on my way drinking like normal.  
