-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2blq8q/sober_on_a_bet/

Last Friday i made a $100 bet with a friend/tenant that we will both quit weed and alcohol for 30 days.  he doesn't drink but did smoke weed like an addict.  i drink anywhere from 18 beers (on a struggling to control myself day) to 36 on a normal day.  my weed consumption is somewhat small. ..Sunday at midnight was the day we planned.  so far so good i haven't had much urge to drink but i have been failing at controlling my drinking for more than two years now.  ..im sure most of you are thinking its not good to quit for some lame reason like a bet or to prove a point or to quit with someone else yahda yahda yahda.   it was an inspiration to quit that is all that matters at this point...last night i went to my first meeting in many months and got a sponsor.  i feel great!!  i know myself. currently i am feeling way up high spirits but there will be a low and i need help when i hit that time but until then ill stay in my "cloud 9"..i have been thinking i need some assistance for a while now and this is exactly what i pictured.  im always reading peoples posts and comments on this sub.  the fact that it comes up on my homepage keeps me thinking about getting sober even when im not...just wanted to say thanks to the people with experience on here and to tell the newbies like myself that im here too.  and for the people still out there come back when you feel the time is right just don't wait too long.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; im sure most of you are thinking its not good to quit for some lame reason like a bet or to prove a point or to quit with someone else yahda yahda yahda. it was an inspiration to quit that is all that matters at this point...Actually I know I (and other people here) usually support the idea of a '30-day challenge' kind of thing - giving you some time to dry out and consider the role alcohol is playing in your life!  I also started with 30 days in order to give myself a goal I could wrap my head around...4 days is through a lot of the worst kind of hell - it doesn't sound like you've had too many withdraw symptoms which is great.  Keep it up!!
Whatever it takes to get and stay sober it's worth it.  That's a metric shit tonne of beer I hope you choose to stay sober.  You can do it!
I know a few people who initially got sober out of pride or to spite someone else. I quit smoking because someone told me I couldn't do it. Whatever gets you in the door! Welcome!
I approve!  Many paths one journey.
Well for quitting for 30 days you certainly have the mentality of someone who's trying to make it last. Either way that's awesome. Let us know how we can help! Welcome!
After 5 months of sobriety where NOTHING about my life was getting better I stayed sober purely out of spite.
Doesn't matter how you start just keep going. You have as good a chance as anyone to stay sober. I was in a meeting yesterday with a man who said he essentially wandered in one day never planning to stay sober long and now he has 15 years. Said he still doesn't really know how it happened. Hang in there.
Everyone has their own reasons.  This might be a happy accident.  "I got sober for a bet life turned out better while sober so I just kept going"..Any reason to change for the better is a good one.  Any reason to give up is the reason that leads to regret...Good luck m8 hope you get ur 100 bucks!
Whatever gets you there being sober is a good thing in my opinion. It took me a night in the emergency room and a dozen stitches to get sober so I'm frankly a little jealous that a friendly wager can do it for you...Get some support. [This link lists AA meetings near you.](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28) Try a few out they are a big help in learning to live sober...Good luck. 
Eh.  Who cares WHY you quit?   If it's working it's working.  If it isn't change up your strategy.   Good luck to you! :)
Hi and welcome. Your right that quitting is going to have to be more than a bet it has to be something just for you but I also think you hit the nail on the head that the bet is inspiration and that's all that matters now. It's got you in the door and even got you a sponsor. It sounds like your doing what you need for yourself and that's just awesome. It's not an easy thing to do to ask for help. It also sounds like you already have some insight into how you work and that's going to really help you in the days ahead. You'll be getting more and more insight the further along you go and it'll be both awesome and hard as balls. Just remember its one day at a time and you can do this! Hope some of that was helpful
