-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bt6gl/went_to_my_first_aa_meeting/

OK so I am an American living in Germany I thought it would be very hard to find a support group over here.  I am going on my second day sober and I reluctantly went to my first AA meeting...I walked up to the door took a breath and walked in.  There were two rooms one for German speakers and one for English.  I went of course to the English one.  I didn't know what to expect I have read about it so knew the religious undertones which I am OK with growing up in the church but I did like that they specified the "higher power" can be any higher power not necessarily a Christian version of God.  ..They asked me to introduce myself and the hard part for me was to say those words I am an alcoholic... It was like a ball and chain had been affixed to my foot I labeled myself with this disease.  Then as I heard everyone begin to share they all affirmed that they too were alcoholics.  I think it was (for me) good to have to say that over and over every time someone new would speak they would begin with their name and that they were an alcoholic.  To me this re-affirms that we really are powerless to this need to drink.  I know that for me I can't just have one I always want more...I proceeded to tell a bit of my story and of course I broke down.  Here I am a combat vet from the Iraq invasion in 2003 a former soldier and decorated military vet sobbing in-front of strangers.  It was scary and liberating.  People began to talk some who have had years of sobriety were glad to hear my story and one even mentioned that her trigger was similar to my PTSD which was the beginning of my heavy drinking.  She had suffered some things as a child which she numbed herself from by drinking...I left quiet adn contemplative I've begun to read the "Big Book" and it speaks to me.  I will be going back to another meeting on Monday.  Overall I am very glad I went they gave me my 24 hour chip and a phone roster to call if I feel the need to drink.  These perfect strangers they listened and shared with me the same thoughts / fears / struggles that I have had for so long by myself.  They welcomed me to their group and I felt that I could open up (even if only a little for my first time).  ..That this program is completely free is awesome.  I hope that I can commit to being sober forever but I will start with one day at a time.  Today I choose not to drink.  Tomorrow is not here yet but I have a large pot of coffee brewing and I intend to burn a bit of the midnight oil reading more of the "Big Book".  I may not take all the koolaid that is offered by AA but I think that there appears to be so much good (at least for me) from this program that I intend to continue going to future meetings...I don't really have much else to say...**TLDR**: I went to my first meeting going in scared alone and sad.  I left with a renewed hope for myself.
----------immediate responses--------

Super happy for you even happier it was a positive experience. Old saying that if you haven't been to a meeting you loathed you haven been to enough of them I always just pray for you guys that it's not your first one. There have been a few I thought wow if this were my first it would be my last. Thankfully out of a thousand I think I only have ten that would qualify...Way to go!
Awesome!  I feel hope for you too!  Enjoy your coffee and reading :).  
Good deal! That feeling of kinship with others who know where we are is so incredibly comforting isn't it? Like finally being able to relax and let down our guard for the first time in years.  The hope I found in those rooms is what helped get me sober after years of "trying" to quit. The hope that one day I could be free of the burden I had been carrying for so many years. I also turned to heavy daily drinking from PTSD. The problem with numbing the fear and pain from that was that we numbed ourselves out from all the good things that life has to offer too. Here's to you finding those joys in life again my friend. Keep coming back! :-)
Just remember.  You never have to go to your first meeting again.  Welcome to the fellowship. All you have to do is stay sober for today. That's all. Look forward to seeing you trudge the road to happy destiny
Great job OP. You got this. You can do this..Rise up. Grow strong. Help others.
I was reading this while I was out at the Waterpark with my family today but the smartphone technology didn't let me respond as fully as I wanted.  I'm really happy for you and I wanted to share the link to the [Big Book Study Series](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=big+book+study+series&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all) and encourage you to look at least the first few posts and comments.
Today is the day to not drink......I don't think much about the forever part. Sobriety is a new chance at life for me and total abstinence is going so well that I have no interest in messing with it. ..I'm really happy that you had such a good experience with the meeting.
im going to my first on monday a little scared from what I read that particular one can be "cliquey" but we'll see defiantly cant loose anything!..Good for you!
