-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bvcrk/thinking_about_quittingcontrolling_my_drinking/

I'm 25/f and I live in a city where everything revolves around drinking. It's a beautiful place with really great people and a vibrant art and music scene but it's got cold shitty weather for a large part of the year. Thus all there is to do is go to shows at bars and drink...My drinking hasn't really affected my life significantly. I drink pretty much daily sometimes just one or two but a few times a week I'll get trashed and make some mildly stupid decisions. I gave away my car after a few times drinking and driving because I was so afraid to hurt someone else or fuck up my life which I don't regret one bit. Drinking doesn't affect my work but occasionally hangovers hinder my performance. Also drinking is so expensive and I dont make a lot of money... I'm also in a band. I love it so much and making music has added a lot of fulfilment to my life that I didn't know I was missing. Unfortunately drinking and music go hand in hand. We went on tour for 10 days and it was essentially a 10 day bender. Performing is also difficult without a little liquid courage...I'm also struggling with depression and have been on and off for the last 12 years. It's creeping back in terrible ways. I feel so isolated all the time and I have a difficult time connecting with people. Drinking helps me talk but I'm aware most of that connection is pretty superficial. I'm worried that stopping drinking for good would cut me off completely from the rest of the world. I'm a social person but I don't have a lot of people that can always be there for me. I don't connect with my family much and a lot of my close friends have partners or kids that consume a significant portion of their time so I'm kind of left to my own devices and that primarily ends up with me sitting at a bar until someone I know shows up and I don't have to drink alone...I can tell my roommates are tired of my shit. At home the effects of my drinking/depression are most apparent. I am incredibly messy. It's mostly contained in my room but occasionally overflows to the communal living space. I don't give a shit about chores I occasionally neglect my pet and when I get drunk I often scavenge through my roommates' food. Otherwise I'm super antisocial at home and hole-up in my room to watch Netflix and be depressed. My roommate messaged me today asking if we could talk tonight or tomorrow and I'm guessing it has to do with my behavior...I don't quite know the purpose of this post. I guess I just need an emotional outlet with some people that don't know me well. I'm coming to realize that drinking is starting to scare me but the thought of never drinking again scares me too.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi and welcome.  Not knowing the point of your post is not a big deal.  The big deal is that you took the time to write out your thoughts and feelings about your drinking in an open and honest way...I could tell you what I think you should do but that is not nearly as important as you making that decision for yourself.  I will tell you that as good as you feel today is most likely as good as you will ever feel as a result of your daily drinking.  My experience is that things don't get better they only get worse in these scenarios...Good luck and I hope you keep coming back here to read post your thoughts and/or ask questions!  Thanks.
Man. Uh we have slightly different stories read my stickied post up top if you want but I relate to a lot of small details. I was 24/m when I got sober I live in a beautiful place with a vibrant and and music scene with cold shitty weather where everyone drinks inside most of the year. I am also a musician who would go on month-long benders (tours). I also got very anti-social at times and felt terribly lonely even though I wanted to be around people and feel connected...I know exactly what it feels like to have drinking scare you but the thought of never drinking again being even more scary. It's fucking lonely and scary...Having to drink to fit in is no longer an issue I can tell you that right away. The whole idea in my head when I was trying to get sober about how I'd never have a life and I could never have fun or be social ever again... I don't worry about that any more. I have a life and I get out and I play music. It took some work to get there I won't lie. But it's not longer an issue even in this city which seems much like your city that you speak of...Beware of the scavenging through food... I used to do that too when drunk and high and it's... detrimental...I would give you a bunch of advice and stuff but I re-read your post and you haven't asked for any. I hope you find some peace. You aren't alone in feeling how you feel.
&gt; My drinking hasn't really affected my life significantly..Interesting example of denial. You make this statement and then go on to list ways alcohol has significantly had a negative impact on your life. ..Sounds like you could use more support and information. Let us know if we can help.
&gt; Thus all there is to do is go to shows at bars and drink...This is the flaw in your premise right here.  You can't envision things to do besides shows bars and drink during colder temps?  Shall we share a list?
&gt;I'm coming to realize that drinking is starting to scare me but the thought of never drinking again scares me too...Good. Welcome...So much of what you've written could have been said by me a mere 31 months or so ago. I thought I lived in a place where everything revolved around drinking too. I understood that drinking and all of my interests and passions went hand-in-hand. I was the typical guy who could feel alone at his own birthday party moody depressive and pretty dour in my outlook. Not a pessimist but a realist...Turns out though I was just an alcoholic. And that can be dealt with...What you need to understand is that you don't have to live like that anymore. Start going through what everyone has written here and see if you don't find yourself among this group. Go to an AA meeting and listen in on what recovering drunks say when they're being brutally honest about themselves...I'm really glad you're at the point of asking what's going on in your life. It took me until I was 43 to finally 'fess up and admit that I wasn't smart enough to figure this shit out for myself. If you're as smart as you seem to be you're in awesome shape to make a really great life for yourself.
My suggestion would be to take an extended break from drinking. I say that because I drank on virtually a daily basis for about 18 years and took a break in order to lose some weight. That change elevated my mood in ways that I never would have thought possible. Now I don't get drunk seven days a week anymore because I don't want to give up the happier healthier feeling that I got as a fringe benefit from sobriety.
Hey there lady - I was in the same spot.  While stopping drinking won't cure your depression for me it lifted me out of a terrible fog after about a week sober.  All those things you mentioned (mess not getting groceries watching Netflix for hours) ring so close to home it hurts.  If you ever need someone to talk to /sd is always here to listen (and if there's free counselling in your area that might be something to try too)...My advice (as someone else mentioned below!) would be to try to give it 30 days sober and then re-evaluate then.  It's short enough that you don't feel like you're done drinking forever but long enough that you'll have time to see what sober life is like... for me it was a lot better.
