-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bvw45/im_new_here_and_im_on_day_3/

Greetings to everyone. I am trying to quit again and I feel like I need some support so here I am! I'm a 32 year old woman and I've had a problem with alcohol for the past 5 years. I am a single mother with a 7 year old and I was so very good when I was pregnant and nursing him but then I started to escape with a couple of beers from time to time which quickly turned into almost daily and two beers quickly turned to 5 or 6. Lately I can't get through a week without a serious hangover I typically can't make it until 3 in the afternoon without having a drink and I've abandoned friends dreams and responsibilities because of the haze I am constantly living in. I have no energy and I've started to feel like shit all of the time. I also have noticed myself aging faster than I should be. .    I've tried several times in the past few years to quit. Well...I haven't really tried; I've just told myself that I needed to. I've never made it more than a week without relapsing. And it's usually some trigger in my mind that makes it okay for me to drink again. See! You made it a week; you don't have a problem; you're fine! Celebrate with a 6-pack..Ugh..I've tried writing myself notes making plans but I guess I'm never 100% serious about them because I always give up. .   Alcoholism runs in my family. My mother was drunk every day from the time I was 12 until I was 21. She didn't ever really get sober she just switched to painkillers. My siblings are all drinkers. It is not possible to spend time with them without drinking. It is always just part of the plan. I have a very small social circle and a very small support network and I have not admitted to anyone that I think I have a problem; 1) because I don't want anyone to question my ability to care for my child and 2) I am afraid of what certain people will think of me. I can't go to AA because I always have my son with me. His father doesn't even live in this country. I think the loneliness is part of the reason why I drink. It eases the pain I feel from being depressed and not living the life that I wish I was living and not being able to. .   Yet...I know that I am not going to have a good life until I let go of my addictions. I know I am not going to feel motivated and ambitious until I am sober and actually feel good when I wake up in the morning. I know that I am going to feel guilty every time I look at my child's face until I get sober and am truly making my highest attempt at being the best mom I can. I know that I have to stop completely because once I start drinking I can't stop. .   So sorry that this is long but I want to tell my story and be part of this group so that I can find some kind of support even if it is 'virtual'. It's getting close to 3 days free of alcohol and I really want and need to keep it going. I appreciate you being there!
----------immediate responses--------

Find an aa meeting speak up go again tomorrow .Everything is going to be ok
Hi I really appreciate your post and your tremendous effort.  I am also female a few years older than you divorced and I guit drinking 8 days ago after ending a truly awful relationship with an alcoholic boyfriend so I know where you are right now.  You have my support. I know you can't imagine feeling better physically days 1- 5 were the most difficult. Today physically im feel totally fine. It's the emotional stuff that is more difficult. everything is really going to be ok. 
Thank you for sharing your story BitaGardenia and good on you for your 3 days. Those first 3 were the hardest for me. ..You've come to the right place for support here on SD. It's chock full of caring wonderful people who want nothing more than to see you in a fulfilling sober life including myself. Since it doesn't seem like you have support at home or from your family it's good that you have reached out here. Read all the stories you can here staring with the Saturday shares. I learned so much here from others about what it takes to live a wholehearted life. And keep posting. Post  about your own days post questions and post in support of other's. That's what's so great about a place like this...we're here for each other...Don't discount AA altogether. Most groups I've been to are very accepting of well-behaved children. And it might do you some good to reach out to someone in your limited support group and lay your burden down with them and ask for help. You may be surprised about their positive reaction (I speak from my own experience...everyone I have shared with has given me nothing but positive support). Your fear about not being able to care for your child is a valid one. If you are a single mother living alone what would happen if he had a medical emergency and you were completely wasted? Who could he count on? By admitting that you do have a problem and are committed to doing something about it those people should be willing to support you such as in watching your child if you needed to go to a support group...There are also online [SMART Recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/Misc/online_intro.htm) meetings available as well as [worksheets](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/toolchest.htm) to help you build your recovery tools. ..You can do this my friend. You just have to be willing and committed to change. Let us know what we can do to help okay?.
You're totally not alone in this. My kids are 7 and 4 so I know exactly how you feel when you look at your child. And like you I grew up with an alcoholic parent so I know how deeply some of those lessons are ingrained...All I can say is that where you are now is where I was a little over a year ago. If I can go 455 days you can too. There is nothing to stop you and there is everything to gain. Please believe me when I say that this is possible. Please believe me when I tell you that if you had the strength to raise and nurture that baby from newborn to that awesome age of 7 you have more than enough strength and capability to nurture yourself into a healthier way of life...I know how hard it can be to look for help when you have kids and can't get out to meetings and such. I managed to use this sub to get through my early days of not drinking. I started every morning on this sub. When I felt like I might slip and give in I came to this sub. When I was happy and wanted to share a success I came to this sub. When I felt dismal depressed and like I would never make it I came to this sub...My point is you can do this and there are resources online that can help you. This sub is here I am here and we all understand what it's like. The message is: it doesn't have to be like this for you; you can reach out and grab something better. Both for you AND for your son...
Call AA intergroup in your area and find a good women's meeting. Stick with the chicks and watch out for creepers. Good luck!
Hello and welcome! Thanks for having the courage to post your honest story. I too am a mother and my children were a big reason why I wanted to stop. I was abandoning them by drinking and that made me a bad mother. It horrified me. Their well-being helped keep me sober too. ..Take the advice of /u/Breaking-Good. Some meetings have arrangements for children or you may find someone willing to help you out. Please do what you can to get to an AA meeting especially a woman's meeting if possible. The support of others is golden. ..You are now a part of this group. Let us know how you're doing and if you have questions ask away. Kudos for three days! Don't drink today; I won't either. 
Hi and welcome! I'm a mother as well and I understand the issues of trying to get to meetings when childcare is an issue. At a lot of meetings there is usually a spot right outside the door where kids can sit quietly and read or listen to music on headphones. I do realize 7 might be a little young for this but you might be able to bring him into the room and use the headphones thing if you feel that's best. ..I was worried about my children finding out at the beginning but I found early on that them knowing what was going on actually helped keep me sober when the cravings hit. ..I strongly recommend either finding meetings or at the very least at this point finding one person you can call/text daily for accountability. These early days go a hell of a lot easier with support. ..I spent my early days reading books and websites and blogs on recovery working out during my usual drinking times and filling up my weekends as much as possible. Friday nights were (and still are at times) the most difficult for me so I made sure I either had a meeting to attend or some other event that didn't involve alcohol. 
Welcome /u/BitaGardenia to r/stopdrinking.  I hesitate to add anything to the great thread of really wise comments that are here already but I customarily send along the following "greeting" to newcomers because it describes exactly what I did to stop drinking and stay sober.  I'm told that my experiences have been helpful for some newcomers so I'll let you decide if any of these make sense.  This is what I did:..1. From the outset of getting sober I started every day by making a decision: at the moment when I first got up--when my eyes pop open--I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up...2. Personally I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction...3. Tomorrow repeat...In the early days sober just getting to bed without any alcohol was a sober victory. Tough it out no matter what.  The first week can be a doozy...Commenting and posting on /r/stopdrinking really helped me find an easy way to remain accountable...Good luck I'll be looking out for you.
Congrats on your 2 days! The first week was really hard for me as well but after the 4th or 5th day I started sleeping better and just feeling better in general. After a week I thought to myself "I have been sober a whole week!" and it made me feel really proud. After 2 weeks I felt another surge of pride and I cant even describe to you how good I felt after a month. The key is motivation and I hope that you find some either on this sub or elsewhere :)
The people here know exactly what you're going through.  You can make it too.  Talking with fellow alcoholics who are recovering is one of the best tools you can use.  AA is like that in the physical world and can be extremely helpful if you find a group you like.  It's great to have friends who will drop anything to help you and for whom you will do the same.
Thanks for sharing your story I can identify with lots of the themes youre mentioning. Especially about pushing people away because of the haze. I just want you to know that even though I've recently relapsed I'm certain it gets better because it's gotten better before. The hard part is staying sober once life has gotten better but it sounds like you're on the right path and you're doing it for all the right reasons. You're very insightful I hope you are able to become the person you want to be.  
