-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bwpja/i_never_thought_it_was_possible_for_me/

Today I'm celebrating 500 days clean and sober. This is by a long shot the longest I've been sober since I was 14. 18 years later here I am. Finally clean and sober finally living a life that I never dreamed could be possible for a drunk like me...I realized I had problem a good 10 years ago and went to my first meeting at the age of 22. A DUI rehab destoying my friendships and my family relationships career you name it was not enough to save me. I was convinced that I was too far gone and was no hope left. I continued trying to sober 1 month 2 months and slip. Rinse repeat. For 10 years. And all the things that could motivate me to stay on the path like family friends relationships and a career couldn't manifest - I was trapped in a cycle of self destruction...I would hear stories in meetings and read inspirational posts here about how people had turned their lives around. And I celebrated you all and wished you the best. But I never thought that kind of life would be possible for me. I thought I had messed things up too badly. I was glad to hear your experience strength and hope but you all didn't know my story...But I kept trying. I continued taking the next right action. I continued to do the right thing. Again and again in spite of my struggle. "Past performance is not indicative of future results." It took a lot of trial and error for sobriety to click...But eventually it did...And because I had fallen so far the odds were stacked against me to rebuild any kind of a life. But I had learned through my hardships to be grateful for even the smallest blessings. And so when the first glimmers of a chance came I did not squander it. I worked harder to reboot my life than people work to do it right the first time. It's tough to convince people employers friends family and romantic partners that you deserve to be given a chance when your resume says otherwise. And as an alcoholic it's even harder to continue to prove it day after day when the going gets rough...But I stuck with it anyway. And my life today is lightyears beyond anything I could have expected or even dared to dream about back when I was lost in the disease. I can hardly believe it myself that all these blessings in my life now are actually my reality...Now matter what you're going though the view from the other side is well worth the effort. It's nothing short of miraculous..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm way too tired to be eloquent so all I'll say is that this was really beautiful to read.  I'm so impressed that you've made it this far (and know you'll keep kicking ass and taking names)!  Thank you so much for posting and encouraging us newbies  :)
CONGRATS!  
That was great to read. This is the first time I can remember I've been completely sober and happy about it since I was 18. What you said makes all of this new experience seem less strange and more reassuring.
Really inspirational post. Well written man
You're amazing!  Congratulations!.
Very inspiring! Congrats!
[deleted]
Great stuff ! 
Beautiful thank you. 
Wow!  Super congrats!
