-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2byjc1/3_months_feels_like_yesterday/

90 days ago I made a commitment to stop drinking. I have kept up with that commitment and then some. It hasn't been without its ups and downs but it has been totally worth it. ..Part of what kept me going is [this right here](http://i.imgur.com/NBPA4xm.png) - It's my weight since I quit. I track it in the morning and the evening. I just wanted to share my progress with you all. I've been taking pictures every month since March as well - Maybe one day I will share those with you all as well as my story. But for now this will suffice. ..To anyone out there who is struggling and fighting just know that it's all worth it. ..That is all. Have a great day folks :)..Edit: For anyone that might be wondering - One of my major stress releases is lifting. I workout around 4 to 5 times a week with 1 hour sessions. I cheat on my diet on Sundays (Dunkin Donuts Iced Coffee light and sweet with two turbo shots please thanks) - I stick to around 2200 calories a day for my current cut and am aiming for 180 pounds. I'm about half way there. I sometimes feel like I have replaced my alcohol addiction with a health addiction but with the added bonus of remembering things I said and not treating my SO like shit so I'll take it... 
----------immediate responses--------

You're living the dream /u/Algorisms --and I'm so happy to see your great progress.
How awesome!!!
Congrats! I feel you on the health addiction!
Yay! That's so awesome. I'm a lifter too seeing the difference in my performance and how I feel now that I'm not drinking is really motivating for me. I signed up for a Strongman event at the end of September as a way to help pass the time in a way. Like I can focus on training and have a date to work towards and by the time I get there I will have been sober 3 more months you know?..Great job!
Grats Algorisms! On both your continued sobriety AND your continued weightloss and fitness. When I was doing my big diet after quitting drinking I gave myself a cheat day too...mine was 2 pieces of thin crust pizza on Fridays. Gotta treat yourself!!..Keep it up!! :-)
