-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c2caz/she_even_gave_me_an_out/

So I went on a first date with a girl ordered iced tea and then she handed me the drink menu. She even said something along the line of "I don't want to pressure you to get a drink. You aren't a recovering alcoholoic are you?" That was my easy way out of drinking and would have been the perfect oppourtunity to be completely honest and reply "well actually...I am". This was not the case and I got nervous and had two beers (and wanted more). The next night went to a party cup of water in hand for about four hours and then had a handful of beers and a few more the next day..I know relapse is pretty common but I was almost to three weeks of no booze. Backsliding is quite the slippery slope. It does remind me of why I can't drink anymore: I can't just have one or two I have to have as many as I can get in me.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't recommend dating until you are able to say 'no' to a drink without having to even think about it.
Daily vigilance.  There is no substitute for the consistent sober actions that we do daily: make a decision not to drink TODAY; go to a recovery meeting; repeat.  
After one slip a second one is easier in my experience. Lower current investment in time sober. So after one slip going business as usual is dangerous I think. I underestimated single slips--what's the big deal--and then followed up with more slips and then I was drinking again. Dishearteningly common. Slip once? Time to up the game *now*. ..Edit: Oh and in my opinion **nobody** can "give" me (or you) an out. My choice my responsibility my decision. 
In my experience dates go a lot better when sober you are able to develop a deepr connection. What does having the drink on a date accomplish? Are you going to have to have a drink everytime when you are with her? There is no substitute for confidence.. and confidence comes with experience. Go out and build your sober experiences and the next sober date will be better. Stay strong control over your life is worth more than one drink.
If going on a date makes you forget about your destructive relationship with alcohol better stop dating until you sort out your priorities. Besides trying to be sober along with dating is not recommended. The most important relationship is the one you have with yourself. Early sobriety is not the time to distract yourself from what is the most important. 
&gt; I know relapse is pretty common but I was almost to three weeks of no booze...It sounds a bit like you're under the impression that relapse is inevitable and that perhaps that mistaken belief contributed to your decision to drink.  Relapse is completely optional and is not something you should consider a part of a normal sobriety.  The people who have a lot of time under their belts and live more or less temptation free lives do not relapse.  One relapse would reset that person back to the beginning.  Relapse is nothing to take lightly.
[deleted]
