-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c44pe/the_big_book_study_seriespart_9_chapter_7_working/

[Working with Others](http://www.barefootsworld.net/graphics/billw12thstep.jpg)Today we begin Chapter 7 *Working with Others* which is of course the suggestion of the 12th Step.  Bearing in mind that Step 12 is fundamentally the special insight of Bill Wilson when alone on the verge of relapse as he wandered up and down the lobby of the Mayflower Hotel in Akron in June of 1935 instead of the bar he called the local Episcopalian minister Reverend Walter Tunks (there's a strong connection in here to the Oxford Movement and the scion of the Firestone Tire fortune) arranging to meet a drunk osteopath in the gatehouse at Stan Hywet Hall thus forging the relationship that launched the modern recovery movement. ..The remarkable thing about this Chapter is the dated (?) approach of the advice to approaching and helping alcoholics.  Remember this is the era of door to door sales and one of the early pioneers reports in [his personal story](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29w4sf/the_big_book_study_group_seriesextra_the_vicious/) that Bill Wilson and others had set up a auto wax business thus the language of prospects and sales pitches was the natural parlance of the authors of the Big Book. .______________________________________________..**Working With Others**..PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE shows that nothing will so much insure immunity from drinking as intensive work with other alcoholics. It works when other activities fail. This is our twelfth suggestion: Carry this message to other alcoholics! You can help when no one else can. You can secure their confidence when others fail. Remember they are very ill. .      .Life will take on new meaning. To watch people recover to see them help others to watch loneliness vanish to see a fellowship grow up about you to have a host of friends this is an experience you must not miss. We know you will not want to miss it. Frequent contact with newcomers and with each other is the bright spot of our lives. .      .Perhaps you are not acquainted with any drinkers who want to recover. You can easily find some by asking a few doctors ministers priests or hospitals. They will be only too glad to assist you. Don't start out as an evangelist or reformer. Unfortunately a lot of prejudice exists. You will be handicapped if you arouse it. Ministers and doctors are competent and you can learn much from them if you wish but it happens that because of your own drinking experience you can be uniquely useful to other alcoholics. So cooperate; never criticize. To be helpful is our only aim..      .When you discover a prospect for Alcoholics Anonymous find out all you can about him. If he does not want to stop drinking don't waste time trying to persuade him. You may spoil a later opportunity. This advice is given for his family also. They should be patient realizing they are dealing with a sick person. .      .If there is any indication that he wants to stop have a good talk with the person most interested in him usually his wife. Get an idea of his behavior his problems his background the seriousness of his condition and his religious leanings. You need this information to put yourself in his place to see how you would like him to approach you if the tables were turned. .      .Sometimes it is wise to wait till he goes on a binge. The family may object to this but unless he is in a dangerous physical condition it is better to risk it. Don't deal with him when he is very drunk unless he is ugly and the family needs your help. Wait for the end of the spree or at least for a lucid interval. Then let his family or a friend ask him if he wants to quit for good and if he would go to any extreme to do so. If he says yes then his attention should be drawn to you as a person who has recovered. You should be described to him as one of a fellowship who as part of their own recovery try to help others and who will be glad to talk to him if he cares to see you. .      .If he does not want to see you never force yourself upon him. Neither should the family hysterically plead with him to do anything nor should they tell him much about you. They should wait for the end of his next drinking bout. You might place this book where he can see it in the interval. Here no specific rule can be given. The family must decide these things. But urge them not to be over-anxious for that might spoil matters. .      .Usually the family should not try to tell your story. When possible avoid meeting a man through his family. Approach through a doctor or an institution is a better bet. If your man needs hospitalization he should have it but not forcibly unless he is violent. Let the doctor if he will tell him he has something in the way of a solution. .      .When your man is better the doctor might suggest a visit from you. Though you have talked with the family leave them out of the first discussion. Under these conditions your prospect will see he is under not pressure. He will feel he can deal with you without being nagged by his family. Call on him while he is still jittery. He may be more receptive when depressed. .      .See your man alone if possible. At first engage in general conversation. After a while turn the talk to some phase of drinking. Tell him enough about your drinking habits symptoms and experiences to encourage him to speak of himself. If he wishes to talk let him do so. You will thus get a better idea of how you ought to proceed. If he is not communicative give him a sketch or your drinking career up to the time you quit. But say nothing for the moment of how that was accomplished. If he is in a serious mood dwell on the troubles liquor has caused you being careful not to moralize or lecture. If his mood is light tell him humorous stories of your escapades. Get him to tell some of his. .      .When he sees you know all about the drinking game commence to describe yourself as an alcoholic.  Tell him how baffled you were how you finally learned that you were sick. Give him an account of the struggles you made to stop. Show him the mental twist which leads to the first drink of a spree. We suggest you do this as we have done it in the chapter on alcoholism. If he is alcoholic he will understand you at once. He will match your mental inconsistencies with some of his own. .      .If you are satisfied that he is a real alcoholic begin to dwell on the hopeless feature of the malady. Show him from your own experience how the queer mental condition surrounding that first drink prevents normal functioning of the will power. Don't at this stage refer to this book unless he has seen it and wishes to discuss it. And be careful not to brand him as an alcoholic. Let him draw his own conclusion. If he sticks to the idea that he can still control his drinking tell him that possibly he can if he is not too alcoholic. But insist that if he is severely afflicted there may be little chance he can recover by himself. .      .Continue to speak of alcoholism as an illness a fatal malady. Talk about the conditions of body and mind which accompany it. Keep his attention focussed mainly on your personal experience. Explain that many are doomed who never realize their predicament. Doctors are rightly loath to tell alcoholic patients the whole story unless it will serve some good purpose. But you may talk to him about the hopelessness of alcoholism because you offer a solution. You will soon have your friend admitting he has many if not all of the traits of the alcoholic. If his own doctor is willing to tell him that he is alcoholic so much the better. Even though your prot g  may not have entirely admitted his condition he has become very curious to know how you got well. Let him ask you that question if he will. Tell him exactly what happened to you. Stress the spiritual feature freely. If the man be agnostic or atheist make it emphatic that He does not have to agree with your conception of God. He can choose any conception he likes provided it makes sense to him. The main thing is that he be willing to believe in a Power greater than himself and that he live by spiritual principles. .      .When dealing with such a person you had better use everyday language to describe spiritual principles. There is no use arousing any prejudice he may have against certain theological terms and conceptions about which he may already be confused. Don't raise such issues no matter what your own convictions are. .      .Your prospect may belong to a religious denomination. His religious education and training may be far superior to yours. In that case he is going to wonder how you can add anything to what he already knows. But he well be curious to learn why his own convictions have not worked and why yours seem to work so well. He may be an example of the truth that faith alone is insufficient. To be vital faith must be accompanied by self sacrifice and unselfish constructive action. Let him see that you are not there to instruct him in religion. Admit that he probably knows more about it than you do but call to his attention the fact that however deep his faith and knowledge he could not have applied it or he would not drink Perhaps your story will help him see where he has failed to practice the very precepts he knows so well. We represent no particular faith or denomination. We are dealing only with general principles common to most denominations. .      .Outline the program of action explaining how you made a self-appraisal how you straightened out your past and why you are now endeavoring to be helpful to him. It is important for him to realize that your attempt to pass this on to him plays a vital part in your recovery. Actually he may be helping you more than you are helping him. Make it plain he is under no obligation to you that you hope only that he will try to help other alcoholics when he escapes his own difficulties. Suggest how important it is that he place the welfare of other people ahead of his own. Make it clear that he is not under pressure that he needn't see you again if he doesn't want to. You should not be offended if he wants to call it off for he has helped you more than you have helped him. If your talk has been sane quiet and full of human understanding you have perhaps made a friend. Maybe you have disturbed him about the question of alcoholism. This is all to the good. The more hopeless he feels the better. he will be more likely to follow your suggestions. .      .Your candidate may give reasons why he need not follow all of the program. He may rebel at the thought of a drastic housecleaning which requires discussion with other people. Do not contradict such views. Tell him you once felt as he does but you doubt whether you would have made much progress had you not taken action. On your first visit tell him about the Fellowship of Alcoholics Anonymous. If he shows interest lend him your copy of this book..      .Unless your friend wants to talk further about himself do not wear out your welcome. Give him a chance to think it over. If you do stay let him steer the conversation in any direction he like. Sometimes a new man is anxious to proceed at once and you may be tempted to let him do so. This is sometimes a mistake. If he has trouble later he is likely to say you rushed him. You will be most successful with alcoholics if you do not exhibit any passion for crusade or reform. Never talk down to an alcoholic from any moral or spiritual hilltop; simply lay out the kit of spiritual tools for his inspection. Show him how they worked with you. Offer him friendship and fellowship. Tell him that if he wants to get well you will do anything to help. .      .If he is not interested in your solution if he expects you to act only as a banker for his financial difficulties or a nurse for his sprees you may have to drop him until he changes his mind. This he may do after he gets hurt some more. .      .If he is sincerely interested and wants to see you again ask him to read this book in the interval. After doing that he must decide for himself whether he wants to go on. He should not be pushed or prodded by you his wife or his friends. If he is to find God the desire must come from within. .      .If he thinks he can do the job in some other way or prefers some other spiritual approach encourage him to follow his own conscience. We have no monopoly on God; we merely have an approach that worked with us. But point out that we alcoholics have much in common and that you would like in any case to be friendly. Let it go at that..      .Do not be discouraged if your prospect does not respond at once. Search out another alcoholic and try again. You are sure to find someone desperate enough to accept with eagerness what you offer. We find it a waste of time to keep chasing a man who cannot or will not work with you. If you leave such a person alone he may soon become convinced that he cannot recover by himself. To spend too much time on any one situation is to deny some other alcoholic an opportunity to live and be happy. One of our Fellowship failed entirely with his first half dozen prospects. He often says that if he had continued to work on them he might have deprived many others who have since recovered of their chance. .      .Suppose now you are making your second visit to a man. He has read this volume and says he is prepared to go through with the Twelve Steps of the program of recovery. Having had the experience yourself you can give him much practical advice. Let him know you are available if he wishes to make a decision and tell his story but do not insist upon it if he prefers to consult someone else. .      .He may be broke and homeless. If he is you might try to help him about getting a job or give him a little financial assistance. But you should not deprive your family or creditors of money they should have. Perhaps you will want to take the man into your home for a few days. But be sure you use discretion. Be certain he will be welcomed by your family and that he is not trying to impose upon you for money connections or shelter. Permit that and you only harm him. You will be making it possible for him to be insincere. You may be aiding in his destruction rather than his recovery. .      .Never avoid these responsibilities but be sure you are doing the right thing if you assume them. Helping others is the foundation stone of your recovery. A kindly act once in a while isn't enough. You have to act the Good Samaritan every day if need be. It may mean the loss of many nights' sleep great interference with your pleasures interruptions to your business. It may mean sharing your money and your home counseling frantic wives and relatives innumerable trips to police courts sanitariums hospitals jails and asylums. Your telephone may jangle at any time of the day or night. Your wife may sometimes say she is neglected. A drunk may smash the furniture in your home or burn a mattress. You may have to fight with him if he is violent. Sometimes you will have to call a doctor and administer sedatives under his direction. Another time you may have to send for the police or an ambulance. Occasionally you will have to meet such conditions. ._________________________________________________..Questions:..1. How do we gain immunity from drinking?..2. Why does the Big Book advise against meeting a "prospect" though his family?..3. Were the early pioneers of AA so sexist as to believe that only men were alcoholics or suitable for the message?..4. What is the role of the Big Book in carrying the message?..Saturday: Conclusion..[Links to Introduction Disclaimer and prior posts](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=the+big+book+study+series&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all)
----------immediate responses--------

Immunity from drinking comes from working with other alcoholics. And that's only half the reward!..It's best to avoid meeting the "prospect" through his family because it will it will "spoil matters". The alcoholic will not appreciate what will be seen as an extension of the family's nagging. We'd be seen as biased from the start with the purpose of trying to control the alcoholic (and we know that won't be very successful will it?)...Regarding the "he" throughout this chapter I don't think they were trying be sexist but most if not all of the "prospects" at the time were men. This also avoids that confounding "he/she" or "they" grammar issue...One role of the Big Book in this is as almost a brochure a long brochure. A good salesman doesn't waste his literature or collateral on people that don't want it. And people don't want what is shoved down their throats. But if the alcoholic wants to know more "Hey there's this cool book that explains everything. Check it out."..Bill is quite adept and diplomatic at relating to the alcoholic at his present level building interest and gradually closing the sale. I didn't know about the car wax business but it helps explain Bill's approach. He must have been a damn good salesman!..Another passage that stood out to me as being quite relevant here and and all-around good idea:..&gt; You will be most successful with alcoholics if you do not exhibit any passion for crusade or reform. Never talk down to an alcoholic from any moral or spiritual hilltop; simply lay out the kit of spiritual tools for his inspection. Show him how they worked with you. Offer him friendship and fellowship. Tell him that if he wants to get well you will do anything to help. ..Bill may not have had a Ph.D. but he was a master at understanding people and human nature.
Service as a sponsor and my meetings in prison have taken my recovery to higher levels.   It is a critical part of my program...Times have changed though.  I have only known one man a sponsor of mine who took active alcoholics in this home and tried to sober them up.  Even he did not give them money... 
Reading The Family Afterwards is also a very important chapter for working with others...Pages 124-125.Another principle we observe carefully is that we do not relate intimate experiences of another person unless we are sure he would approve. We find it better when possible to stick to our own stories. A man may criticize or laugh at himself and it will affect others   favorably but criticism or ridicule coming from another often produces the contrary effect. Members of a family should watch such matters carefully for one careless inconsiderate remark has been known to raise the very devil. We alcoholics are sensitive people. It takes some of us a long time to outgrow that serious handicap...A.A. World Services Inc (2013-12-02). Alcoholics Anonymous 4th Edition
