-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c8fn0/four_months_four_victories/

Hey all.  I've rolled over into a 4-star today.  120 days without drinking poison.  I figure I should list four changes that I'm grateful for just because *it feels right*.  I hope to encourage folks who are struggling in the first few months.  It get's easier and the benefits of your lifestyle change continue to accrue...1. I've lost 33 lbs as of this morning.  I'm no longer medically obese but I still have a ways to go.  At this point it's about maintenance since I'm continually losing 1-2 lbs per week just by eating healthy (no bar food) and enjoying my new hobbies (gym and hiking).  I'm pumped to share my story with the /r/loseit community when I reach a healthy goal weight...2. My wife and I spend more time together. Our relationship is warmer and sexier.  We hike and walk together every weekend and 2-3 days a week after work in the local park.  At least once a month we take on a difficult 20 miler with full backpacks. The other day we did a group hike for a trails day and someone commented "You guys are so cool.  You go hiking together all the time?  What a great marriage!"..3. I'm mentally sharper and more engaged at my job.  My brain is just better now at keeping information stored.  My short term memory and long term memory were totally weakened by alcohol.  I can sit down and think for a few hours about some project and recall all the necessary details instead of looking through my notes like a goon...4.  I've never had this long of a sustained period of self improvement.  I don't want to drink ever again because it will hamper my growth. When I was a younger I looked up to classic and contemporary biologists you'd learn about in Intro Biology or see on the Discovery Channel.  These guys were fit smart as a whip philosophical and well-adjusted.  My heroes ranged from Thoreau to E.O. Wilson.  I want to be someone who 18 year-old-me would look up to if he met that person today.....
----------immediate responses--------

HEY SD NEWCOMERS-------------&gt; THIS!..Stop drinking and it's possible to feel this way after 4 months.  
Yes!  And it keeps getting Better!..All the thrashing about chasing of tails  and angstfests is past. ..Overthinking be gone
Wow wonderful!  Good for you!  
That all sounds so great! Congrats!
Congratulations! This is a very inspiring post.
Awesome stuff! I can wait to progress in the four areas you have listed.
WOW so many congratulations!  Your life sounds beautiful :).
Thanks for a great update. Congratulations!
