-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ch8ei/having_a_really_hard_time/

Hey guys.I've been sober for 16 days and the compulsion hasn't stopped. I feel depressed my SO doesn't believe fully that I haven't been drinking and the stress and anxiety are at an all time high. He doesn't even feel comfortable with me being home alone. This makes me feel watched anxious and even more depressed. I think he feels that I'm not motivated enough to fill my life with other activities that will take up my time but honestly I'm still struggling with the moment to moment denial of another drink. I feel there's obviously a long time till he trusts me again but I'm also craving independence so that I can figure things out on my own.I'm trying so hard but he (rightfully) believes very little that I say. Thanks in advance for your help! 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a really tough situation. Do you think he would be open to going to ALANON meetings so he can learn how to help you while being supported by people in his situation? There is no question that recovery is tough on relationships in retrospect I would have been better off if my SO had dumped me 2 years before he did. I didn't ask for what I needed because I didn't think I had any right to ask him to do anything since it was after all my fault. Have you started any support meetings? It sounds like you need support from those in the same boat or have been.
My wife goes to Al-Anon and it's really helped her give me the right kind of support to get to where I am now.  Your SO *cannot* guilt trip or manage your life into sobriety.  He should really consider going if for no other reason than to have an outlet with other people going through the same crap.  
I was asked how long I drank (30 years). Then I was told I had to give my wife 30 years to come around to believing that I wasn't drinking and to forgive me.  That's obviously too long but the point is our SO's and friends aren't going to believe us right away.  I try to just focus on me and what i'm doing they'll see the change and believe it on their own schedule...It took me closer to a month maybe more for my moods to settle down after i quit drinking.  Your emotions may be a little out of whack still and hopefully will settle down quickly.  Just relax and let things breathe a little.  Good job on 17 days!
Good morning /u/geraldineblank -- the compulsion to drink went away after I started regularly going to AA meetings.  
Your situation is not unusual and it's understandable. We really have no idea what people who love us go through when we are drinking. At times they feel lonely embarrassed scared angry confused sad hopeless well these are just a few of their emotions. ..The best thing you can do for your SO is do everything you can so he isn't scared. Because that's what it is. He's afraid you are going to drink again. Be honest. Do not be defensive. Stay sober. Once trust is broken it takes a long to to rebuild it. You owe your SO patience and understanding. ..Just stay sober. Seventeen days is not very long. You can have a serious talk with him and let him know you understand but don't need him to be your "parent". If it starts to cause serious conflict in your relationship see a couple's counselor for a few sessions. ..Thanks for your post. Keep us updated. 
I know I'm just a stranger from the internet. But you are a good person and you will get through this:) How is everything going so far?
