-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cmp5s/relapsed_over_the_weekend_going_to_my_first/

Title says it all. Thought I could contain myself at a friend's birthday party. Ended up blacking out like an idiot. The frustration with myself is the worst part. Going to a meeting at 5 today. I've finally accepted I can't do this by myself. I'll be checking in with you guys more as I progress. Thanks for listening SD...Update: ..Went to my first meeting yesterday. I didn't say much as I was a little intimidated but I could not be more happy that I went. There was a speaker who gave an incredible story and I was given some free literature after the meeting. I've been devouring "Living Sober" and I'm very anxious to learn more about the program. Going to my second meeting at noon. Thanks everyone
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck.  I needed to look for help as well.  I'm glad I did.
Good luck I also relapsed this weekend glad that you're going to a meeting.
Good for you love to hear about the meeting if you would be so kind to share with us.
Why did you go in the first place?  Because you went to a bar last week and didn't drink then???  ..Wtf man?  This is your life and not some kids game. Dry people and dry places in early sobriety. 
If you want to stay sober stay away from alcohol. Far away. Going to a meeting is one of your wiser decisions.
Please update us and let us know how the first AA meeting goes.
Not for nothing but we talk often of the success rate of posters in early sobriety who come on here and say "Just got back from the bar and it was a piece of cake!" Not because anyone loves to see people fail just because the vast majority of people either come back with posts like this or or are never heard from again. (In fact I recently started keeping an Evernote of such posts hence why I put two and two together here-- I'm not past-post stalking you I swear.)..Definitely getting to a meeting is a great move. Also having a healthy respect for the danger inherent in hanging out at bars and/or boozy parties at least for now. No need to play with fire you know?
Good move on going to a meeting. Meetings have been a difference maker for me. I've been to one every day for about a month now and I haven't had a drink. You can do this. Support from others irl helps. Good luck.
I'm new to the boards Although I've been lurking for quite some time. Just curious How much time sober did you have under your belt before attending a party where i'm sure alcohol was the main function?  
&gt; I've finally accepted I can't do this by myself...Good for you. Admitting that is one of the most challenging parts of getting through this... Reach out and accept the help you're offered. Follow the suggestions given to you. Forgive yourself. ..We've all been there. Well-not necessarily in a relapse but in the stage of admitting you need assistance. ..Good luck to you!
