-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cnb7o/almost_48_hours_into_quitting_and_just_found_out/

My mom called a few hours ago asking me to take her to urgent care because of major abdominal swelling and fatigue that has gotten a lot worse over the last few days. I rushed over and took her to a wonderful and very sympathetic doctor who took blood did an x-ray ran a urinalysis test and scheduled an ultrasound for tomorrow. ..My mom only has one health vice -- she's been drinking 2-3 glasses of wine a day for as long as I can remember (and she's 5'2"). Otherwise she the fittest super healthy 63 year-old I know. ..I was feeling really great about my sobriety today but now I'm stressed about my mom. I've dealt with a chronic illness for 15 years and I've had just about every urine and blood test imaginable. In looking at the initial results I could tell immediately that the abnormalities that showed up are caused by liver problems in most cases. However there are still other more benign possibilities like kidney problems and we will know more tomorrow. My mom knows liver issues are a possibility but is under the impression right now it's probably kidney related (which the doctor emphasized is probably treatable). I don't want to freak her out and so I certainly won't tell her my worries -- especially since we don't have a ton of info yet. ..I began drinking 10 years ago (when I started dating a guy who drank). It quickly escalated into my mom's type of daily drinking. I have a pretty severe mental illness and I found it helped with my anxiety and lack of motivation. ..A few days ago after several failed attempts I decided to try to quit again. I've struggled for so many years to find meds that work for my mental illness and I'm sick of my medical issues being complicated by alcohol. I've decided to eliminate anything that could be compromising my recovery (alcohol too much sugar lack of exercise etc.). I'm nearly 48 hours into quitting and feel better than I did in past attempts (I've brought out the big guns -- I'm using a lot of medical support like meds therapy and support from recovered friends). ..I feel guilty because my mom cried and said she doesn't want to die knowing I may not be okay (I'm still unable to work and suffer from a lot of depression). I hate knowing that during this tough time for her I'm causing her more stress -- I feel guilty. But I also know that 2 days ago I started on what is so far the strongest quit attempt I've ever made. I need to continue to make sure I have the best possible chance for recovery and being self-sufficient. ..Normally I would have a beer or a glass of wine under this kind of stress. So far I haven't. I've given in to e-cigs though. They probably aren't great for me but I need something to take the edge off right now and they seem safer than drinking or buying a pack of regular cigs. ..Here's hoping she and I can both get through tomorrow and this doesn't throw me off. I was feeling really hopeful about everything until a few hours ago. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that!  Yea this is the best reason to stay sober tonight...not a reason to drink...Good luck!  We are here for you.
Sorry to hear that hope it turns out okay.  Whether it does or not make her warning count. If my mom got lung cancer I'd hate to be smoking when I got the news.
This is a perfect reason not to drink. Please don't drink to cope with the situation I've been down that road many many times and I can tell you were out goes. It's not a good place. 
