-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ctxk7/an_update_and_some_questions/

Hi everyone I [posted](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cfwre/just_wanted_to_share_my_story_about_how_i_feel_i/) a few days ago how I wanted to stop drinking for a month and how I came about wanting that. Anyway in 4 hours I won't have drunk a drop of alcohol for exactly a week for the first time in years. I have to say I'm proud of myself for making it this far (especially since I also stopped smoking) but then at the same time O so worried about the fact that it was a struggle affirming my 'suspicions' of my drinking problem. The struggle has to with blocking out fantasies about drinking the lapses of judgement when I think for a second 'ah it wouldn't be too bad to drink a bit it'll be fun' (I hate this because then I have to rationalize everything go through the reasons why I'm doing this). What I'm also particularly struggling with is the fact that I'm thinking way too much about how this or that activity would go without alcohol because I'm so used to doing almost anything social with alcohol. ..As I'm writing this down I realize I'm not used to seeing people without alcohol anymore (really see them talking having fun) which saddens me (however I must say the times I would have normally drunk went ok not spectacular not boring either but definitely different).  ..Now before I started writing this down I had a couple of questions in mind I would like to ask. The first is: how do you deal with the abundance of alcohol in our culture? The fact is that almost everywhere you go there is alcohol and almost every cultural product you consume kind of worships alcohol (depending on the movie/game/series... it might also be vilified but more often than not it is a self-evident and almost mandatory drugs to be incorporated in a work of fiction). I ask because it is hard or it makes it harder to stay indifferent/not fall into temptation seeing alcohol everywhere you go...The second question might be unpopular here and seen upon as self-deceiving but are there any successful ex-alcoholics who got cured by turning their addiction into moderation?  I ask because it seems such a worrying tiresome social-exeptionalistic (I don't know how to express it otherwise I mean that I would always be the 'guy that doesn't drink')  and frankly socially-quite-suicidal thing for me personally to never drink anymore. I try to imagine a life where I don't drink I compare myself to people who I know that do not drink and I just cannot imagine myself never drinking again. I know that I have a problem but perhaps I need to rethink what I want from alcohol when I want it how I want it etc... The old adage 'everything in moderation' might be wiser for me then the radical option. It is a very weird thing for me to think I would permanently stop drinking. I will keep this experiment in self discipline up until the end of the month and I'll try to be as honest about it as possible by which I mean acknowledge to myself If I can be trusted to not relapse in the same habits after this month is over...I'm thinking about a thousand and one other things I could/should write down here which shows that the action of writing this down has already helped me stimulate my self-exploration into this matter. Thanks for letting me share and reading this :)..
----------immediate responses--------

Jumping straight to your second question: most people don't care if you drink or not. If you chose moderation (ugh what a nightmare and tons of work) don't blame it on societal pressure...I don't think about not drinking forever. Just for today. When I exercise I don't think about the pain of the last mile. Just live in the moment.
Alcohol is everywhere yes. But so are lots of things that I just am not interested in-- cigarettes chocolate sugary soda gluten free baked goods. I once said on here that I'm about as worried about whether I'll order a drink when I go to the bar as I am about how I'll ever afford opening night tickets to the opera. Drinking is just not an interest to me so when I go to someplace that serves booze that menu section is non-existent to me in the same way that the cioppino is non-existent to a person with a shellfish allergy or the chicken liver pate is non-existent to my husband...Moderation: I think Drew Barrymore is on the list of people who moderate now- at least I know she's said she doesn't abstain. For me it is a million times easier to just have the booze not exist than it is for me to have it there but only in limited portions. I have started a list of "If I moderate here are all the times booze is off limits (lame non-rational times to drink)" and the list is LOOOOOONNNNG. Just know that moderation is more about saying no than it is about saying yes. If you continue to think booze is the answer to your social life you will be back where you started in no time. If you build a sober life and learn to engage socially without alcohol you may at some point decide to add it in but adding it in to solve a problem (being the backbone of your social life) is just a recipe for disaster IMO.
&gt; The second question might be unpopular here and seen upon as self-deceiving but are there any successful ex-alcoholics who got cured by turning their addiction into moderation?..Probably but they tend not to come back and brag about how good it's going for them.  Sadly in some cases I've been to their funerals. 
