-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cwnwm/my_weekly_relapse/

Hi everyone. Once again I have to rest my badge. I always go like a week or so completely sober then get the urge to get blasted and end up going on a bender for a few days. This last time lasted almost 5 days and I probably went through at least 5 fifths of vodka. I've always been gainfully employed have a graduate degree and am generally a good guy to friends and family but for some reason I always fall back into old ways. I've even been to rehab and hated it went out and got blasted the night I got out of there. What do you guys do to stay sober?
----------immediate responses--------

One thing I would think about is to stop calling what you are doing a "relapse."  You are not relapsing....you are never intending to be sober...So for me I couldn't get serious until I got serious.  That means a commitment to sobriety and active actual work towards sobriety through some type of proven means.  
I used to relapse every 2 weeks or so. When I finally decided to quit for good I made sure I was 100% ready for my 2 week point. I went into lockdown mode. Stocked my fridge and pantry with food and sweets. Was on #stopdrinking IRC chat every waking moment. Journaled and reached-out to somebody when I felt like I needed to drink...My suggestion is to be ready for next time.
I am not drinking TODAY; I'm planning not to drink tomorrow; and I'm going to my AA home group meeting at 5:30 PM and probably hanging out with sober pals afterwards.  I will go to bed sober.  You can do all of this to.  Make a decision and keep the commitment.  It's obviously difficult in the beginning but do it every day and a year from now we will celebrate your 1-year sober anniversary.  One other thing the more sober time you have the better you feel mentally and physically.  
I don't drink alcohol. 
Sounds like you aren't being honest with yourself about how badly you *don't* want to quit. The guys I know that relapse coming right out of treatment are the guys who have been thinking about it the whole time in there and not taking the opportunity seriously by being accountable about those thoughts. ..If you think I'm being insensitive what I'm saying comes from experience talking to dozens and dozens of people coming in and out of treatment as well as my own experience and recognizing in them my own initial dishonesty for wanting to really get sober...I wanted the 'bad stuff' to go away but I was never really ready to let go of the drinking as long as I still had all the good stuff; the girl the family the job the friends. Yeah drinking scared me and fucked me up but it also was *FUCKING AWESOME* when it worked out. So my solution was to just try and keep everything together and minimize the consequences by lying my ass off and not really being accountable...And then I got sober and saw guy after guy after guy lie their ass off to me and not be accountable so they could go on minimizing the consequences of their drinking as to continue enjoying it a little bit...That's my experience. ..What changed?..I asked *everyone* for help. I signed on with a counselor a therapist and Intensive Outpatient Treatment that lasted one year I went to 6 AA meetings a week and worked the steps and stopped seeing all my old drinking buddies and gals for an extended period of time. That worked. That may be a little extreme but when I made the decision to ask for help for real I wanted it to be *just once* for real.
[deleted]
Story of my life.  Starting about a year ago I'd regularly quit drinking for short periods of time but in retrospect I was never actually doing it with the intent of truly giving up alcohol.  I never even went so far as to tell myself that I was quitting because I had no intention of staying sober indefinitely.  I tended to dry up for about a week - just long enough to start feeling really good mentally and physically - and then I would decide that it was a good idea to start making myself feel like shit with alcohol again.  Clearly not the process of a rational mind...It's different now because I know that I am quitting with the intention of never touching another drop of alcohol *ever*.  I don't simply say that I'm going to try to maybe not drink for a little while I wake up every morning and tell myself that I will *not* drink today no matter what happens...Edit: Additional important note - something that keeps me sober is the drastic change that others have seen in me.  Things have never been better with my gf and lately people who don't know that I am an alcoholic or that I've quit drinking have been telling me that I seem to look healthier and on the top of my game lately.  
