-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2czmuq/friday_struggle/

First time poster checking in. Please be lenient with me as English is not my native language. I started my stop drinking experience a while ago and I didn't work out well for me. I struggled several times and ignored my account because I didn't want to see my count of days not drinking going up it was a lie. I drank again. Still I checked daily this sub. I need to request a reset of my batch.. That's so far OK. I didn't drink since Monday i could even be resistant during one of our after work meetings with colleagues. Everybody was drinking  but not me. That was a nice experience. Now I am afraid of this weekend. My girlfriend is out of town and my brain started to negotiate if I could drink one beer.. I don't want to but it's hard. Overall I feel already much better after 5 days without a drink and I hope I can manage not to drink to be proud of myself on Monday. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome /u/BieraufWein. Your English is excellent.           Kudos for not drinking this week. Weekends were difficult in early sobriety. What helped me was going to AA meetings. It is comforting and encouraging to sit in a room with people who understand. Also I planned activities and made of list of things I wanted to accomplish. Video games and Netflix also took time and kept my mind off drinking. Staying busy is critical...Take time to browse the subreddit and read the Saturday Share stories in the sidebar. There is also a chat room link in the sidebar. Someone is always here...One beer is too many. Don't!
Congrats on this week so far...Since you've tried and failed in the past I recommend finding some meetings this weekend. Whether or not you buy into the AA as a whole being around others who think the same way you do WILL help keep you from drinking. You may even enjoy it. Also SMART recovery has online meetings. Keep yourself occupied preferably in a way that actually focuses on sobriety. That's very important this early on...Good luck I hope to see you with an accurate badge on Monday!
Thanks for checking in. Just keep reading this sub go to a meeting if you can. One day at a time!.
Guten tag /u/BieraufWein und willkommen in r/stopdrinking--I have this standard way in which I share what I did to stop drinking and get sober. See if any of this is useful to you:..1. From the outset--every day I begin each morning--at the very moment that my eyes open--by making a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL...2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. I admit that I did have a hard time following directions but I followed this one...3. Tomorrow I do it all over again...In the early days sober just getting to bed without any alcohol was a sober victory...Above all don't start and stop sometimes we start and can't stop (like all the time)--and even one drink will kindle or worsen withdrawal...Posting and commenting on /r/stopdrinking[2] to remain accountable has helped me a lot...Viel gl ck!
Be honest with yourself.  You don't want just 1 beer.  Just 1 beer feels shitty and just leads to a 2nd beer....What you want is 10+ beers and you can't have 10+ beers because it will make you feel like shit.
