-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2d309n/1000_days_and_lesson_from_universe/

I really just want to thank all of you for being here. This would be a much lonelier way of life without you all and I truly don't think I could have made it to here without you. ..So the lesson. Yesterday I followed a link to a Youtube music video on a browser where I wasn't logged in; so ads. Targeted ads? They served up an ad for Jameson a link to an 18 minute mini movie with some mysterious Celtic beauty visible in the first frame. My old drug of choice. I did not watch it but its presence hit me like a ton of bricks; it was quite upsetting. Just a coincidence? Perhaps. Or maybe Google's demonic machinery knows that that was what I used to drink. ..It wasn't like I was going to go relapse because of an ad. It was just very emotional in a way that I did not expect. I had reduced my hopes of human love and happiness and fulfillment to swilling that stuff and now I am able to live for something better. ..I am taking this as a reminder and a lesson to stay vigilant and to try to pursue recovery with a new commitment. .
----------immediate responses--------

That's a lovely looking number /u/chinstrap!    ..Interesting story. Made me stop and think too.        Thanks.
Awesome post I just calculated.....WHEN my 40th birthday rolls around I will have hit this milestone too! I also hear there is an epiphany at 40 so BRING IT ON!!
Congrats chinstrap.  A true milestone.  ..&gt;This would be a much lonelier way of life without you all and I truly don't think I could have made it to here without you...This is so true for me as well.  Thanks for being one of the all.  Keep it up new commitments are all good. \o/
Congratulations. That's an amazing accomplishment. I hope you don't mind me saying this but it's nice to hear that someone with a lot of time can be thrown for a loop by ads or seeing booze. I get kinda down on myself when I feel a response to that and assume it's something I'm doing wrong in recovery that I notice those things so strongly. If you have 1000 days and notice them too then maybe it's just part of the game. Thanks for sharing that.
Niiiice.  As I've told you so many times that I'm sure you're now sick of hearing it I've always followed your lead. .. http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pl9x8/90_days_without_drinking/c3q9clv..Who'd have thought that we'd one day be here right?  I sure didn't. "Just keep going one  day at a time and you'll hit any milestone you can imagine."  You were right!..Thanks for being here. Thanks for all you've done for SD over the years.  Thanks for your service as a mod. Thanks for showing me the way &amp; being a guiding light for when I might otherwise have run aground. Thanks for everything. ..Enjoy your 1001st day!  Nicely done!
&gt;Google's demonic machinery.....Hehe. Pretty much. :)
Congrats!! Way to go. It is really great to see a bunch of us stick together through this - staying together and helping one another is the only way any of this happens...I can definitely relate to the emotional hit things like that ad still have. There's still a sort of... gravitational pull that seems innately bound to who we were who we are. But as long as our connection to it remains one of distance and respect it's as good a learning opportunity as any...Congrats again on the 1K and hopefully the next 1000 will yield even better returns!
