-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2decr7/am_i_supposed_to_have_cravings/

I've been going to AA meetings for 2 months now and everyone is telling me to get a sponsor and I finally have one now. What I can't really figure out is why I don't really feel like I have any burning desires or cravings to drink. I just simply don't drink alcohol. Its gotten me in jail ruined my relationships and stunted my growth as a person. I can't drink just like I can't touch poison ivy without getting harmed physically...  A lot of people in the meetings pray to get through each day and that is wonderful that it helps them. I just honestly can't relate. I miss alcohol obviously . I'd be a fool to lie and say I NEVER have cravings but in the past 60 days or so I haven't felt the addiction or withdrawal like I would with my cigarettes. I've gone out with friends who have ordered drinks without envy been to social events and declined alcohol and I've been alone with just me and beer in the fridge. I've thought about drinking but it isn't to the point I feel I NEED someone to talk to me...  My outpatient rehab is honestly more intimate and helpful for me than attending AA. I'm definitely an alcoholic and I 100% know that I cannot control my drinking and that it has deteriorated my life. Is it bad that I know I can't drink I know I have a problem I know my life in sobriety is more rewarding than a night of "escape?" I am very happy and grateful to see the people I meet bettering their lives and helping me through life but honestly I'd rather use my time working on projects and studying music during my day then talking about alcohol all the time. .. The big book asks would you do anything to be sober and my answer is yes definitely but I don't think about drinking very often and honestly the few times I have lately is during meetings when I start revisiting the times I did drink... Any thoughts on this? I can't be the only one because I certainly FEEL that way within my group. I'm not desiring alcohol the way I see others desiring it and the suggestions I am given are great and I do them but its not consciously to 'make it through the struggle.'.. Just to reiterate I DO get the urges at times but I don't feel "blessed that AA exists" for me or that I absolutely need to be in AA 90 days straight or devote everything I have to maintaining sobriety. I won't stop going to AA because it does help to have supportive spirit and a reminder but I don't have this burning desire. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're not *supposed* to have cravings.  I don't really get them to be honest.  Every now and then I'll be with some people and wish I could drink with them but I wouldn't go so far as to call it a craving...Just stay vigilant and thank god it's been relatively easy and pray it stays that way. I'm not too sure why I've been so lucky.  I know I'm powerless over alcohol so I guess this is the second and third steps really working for me.
After the first few weeks I rarely had cravings.  I saw people here struggling with cravings every day so I considered myself fortunate.  I didn't drink caffeine and I exercised daily. I feel like those two things helped immensely.  The days that I did have cravings were the days that I 1) accidentally ingested caffeine or 2) wasn't able to exercise...It's great that you don't have cravings.  Go with it!  It doesn't mean that you will never have cravings. Sometimes people happily hop &amp; skip along for months only to be smacked upside the head with killer cravings somewhere down the line.  Don't shy away from the work thinking you don't need it.  I think this is probably a bit like taking antibiotics in that regard.  You keep taking those pills until they run out because even though you may feel better your infection may still be lurking under the surface just waiting for its chance to spring back to life.  You do the full course to make sure you kill it dead...Be happy feel fortunate but be cautious.  :)
I'm the same way too. It was unexpected (especially because I am sitting 20 feet from an open bottle of Fernet right now one of my previous weaknesses.) But something just clicked. I might know it's there but it's not for me.
Good morning /u/InforMedic --catching up with posts from last night (at least for me)--At 59 days sober my central nervous system was still recovering.  Keep doing what you're doing and maybe what you think your emotions should be will catch up.  
I used to love chicken. Then I discovered the dirty side of the meat I loved. I haven't had meat in over 10 years. I'm not a vegetarian zealot or anything. Just for me learning about where my meat was coming from made me want to stay away from it...And I hope to get to that point with alcohol. And most of the time it is that way. I work in a restaurant. I serve people pork tacos and buckets of beer or sangria and I even muddle up mojitos. And none of those are things I can or want to have. sometimes I do "want" alcohol but those days have become so few and far between now that even when I "want" alcohol the desire is so abstract and I know I won't entertain the idea...I hope I made some sort of sense. I haven't had coffee yet today.  I have made alcohol so insensible by looking it straight in the face. All of it's promises and pretty packages are no longer appealing to me. Like how I didn't want to eat hot dogs after finding out how the sausage is made...Obviously those are very different experiences and eating chicken wasn't ruining my life. ;)
When I stopped drinking the only way I could describe my feelings about alcohol was with one word: "done." I shared this with a couple people in AA and they kind of brushed it off as it's something that newly sober people often say and on the surface it doesn't mean much.  For me though it's the truth...It doesn't mean I don't get random cravings which is incredibly annoying. But they're quick and easily cast away. ..I think it's a smart idea to keep AA around since it's worked for you so far but a certain point we have to start living our lives...For me I have kept AA close in the sense that I go to three meetings a week and have a sponsor. But I don't see any reason to sacrifice my sleep/productivity/time spent exploring my interests just to make a meeting every day.
