-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2deml0/being_on_the_other_side_of_the_coin/

Earlier tonight I was at a drive up window at a chicken joint (I'm eating like a madman these days don't judge:) waiting on my food when all the sudden I hear a BOOM!! I look in my rear view and I see this guy in a SUV has just crashed into the car directly behind me. The guy behind me is instantly out of his car furious as hell with his hands in the air like "WTF?!" the guy in the SUV half ass pulls into a parking stall and at that point I figure they'll get it all straightened out. I'm still waiting on my food and observing the situation in my mirrors. Well suddenly I see the dudes reverse lights and I instantly knew this shit was about to escalate. The guy that had been hit is standing by the dude's driver door and they start struggling through the window. Guy says "sir don't do this! I'm a police officer! Put your car in park and get out now!" The car starts rolling back slowly and by this time a crowd is gathering watching them struggle. I caught a good look at the guy and his eyes were glazed like a donut so at this point I knew he was tanked. I'll be honest here and admit my next thought was 'shit if he makes a break for it he's gonna plow into my car next.' So I get out and approach to help and the dude's like "I'm an off duty police officer. Please call 911 and get me some help yada yada." So I do and after I hang up I get in the mix and manage to pull the dude's keys out of the ignition and the officer was able to subdue him until on duty officers arrived. The smell of alcohol was just SO pungent and the guy was just such a mess babbling incoherently and screaming obscenities. It was just a surreal experience to see all this going down and NOT be the bad guy in the scenario. It was a truly powerful experience for me as I am so new in my journey back to sanity. Anyways just thought I'd share. Sorry for ramblin:)..Edit: I forgot to tell you guys that I had to talk to the police with painted toenails. LOL. I had taken my daughter and a few of her buddies camping for her bday a few days ago and let them convince me to paint my toenails all sorts of different colors. of course I was wearing flip flops last night:/ we all had a nice chuckle over it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad nobody got hurt. A drunk guy putting his vehicle in reverse while people on the outside are trying to get his keys has the potential to end very badly.
Wow. Maybe this guy is lucky he rear ended a cop instead of hitting a pedestrian. Lets hope he gets the help he needs. I was leaving a work party last december and as I walked through the parking garage back to my car I found a coworker face down in the slush. He was nearly frozen to death and so drunk he almost didn't remember my name when I woke him up.  He immediately pulls out his keys and starts to look for his car. Oh shit. Luckily a police officer then walked up from out of nowhere  and asked what was up. I told him. The cop gave him a ride home after telling me a set of car keys was like a loaded gun for a drunk. That was the moment I decided I'd give sobriety another shot and made it through January.  I knew that could have been me stumbling to my car which is exactly what I told my coworker the followibg Monday when he thanked me for not letting him drive.
Yep that could have been me (out-of-control drunk SUV driver) at the end of my drinking.  Thanks for that uncomfortable reminder.
Don't think his lawyer is going to have much to work with...My drunk driving was very limited but it scares me still.  Also riding with a drunk driver.  and some people rail against the notion of being powerless being in the back seat hurtling through the night with a maniac at the wheel...that was powerlessness - squared
And here I am starting my day off by feeling sorry for a cop. Sobriety is a strange journey that's for sure!
What an experience!  I'm glad you were able to aid the situation and be *NOT* the *bad* guy.  ..Congrats on 8 days!
This is how I feel watching my ex-best friend continue her disgusting and destructive patterns. Its horrible to watch but I know a couple months ago I would have been right there with her.
I bet that chicken was extra delicious that night. 
