-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dg8aw/im_dry_heaving_throwing_up_almost_hourlybut_its/

2nd day dry after yet again another relapse... oddly enough I am sleeping a LOT (like 10 hours a night) but I am having insane dry heaving fits. No matter what first thing in the morning I have to run to the bathroom and vomit. And then again by the time I get to work and so on and so forth...I have an appointment with a gastroenterology specialist in one week to get my stomach and esophagus examined because I am sure I have done some damage over the years.....Has anyone else experienced this in early sobriety? I had a mild case of it before when I quit for a few months but it never got this bad...DG
----------immediate responses--------

Call a Doctor RIGHT NOW.  Tell them exactly what is going on..how much you were drinking how long it has been since you quit how many times you've quit..etc.  Detox is no joke and it sounds like you are having a tough time with it.  If the doctor says you are ok to stay home fine..otherwise go get medical assistance.  ..Repeated relapse can cause "kindling" where the repeated withdrawals get progressively worse.  I am not a doctor so I can't say for sure..but talk to someone with medical training.  Your health is the most important.  Don't wait for the specialist in a week.  Drink some water (stay hydrated!) and call your doctor. ..  
If you start having blood as a result of the heaving you need immediate medical attention. A Mallory-Weiss tear in your esophagus is potentially fatal...I used to do a lot of puking usually from drinking water. Alcohol went down just fine but my stomach would reject h2o. My teeth suffered a bit from all this. It might take some time for everything to settle down I hope you're able to stay sober and give your body a chance to heal. Good luck.
See a doctor as soon as possible. This is probably due in part to withdrawal. Get help!
I'm glad that now at the time of your most recent post 10 hours after the OP you seem to be doing better.  It's great that you decided to go to the ER and hopefully the rest of your detox will go very smoothly.  May this be the last time you ever have to endure withdrawal!
