-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dh0ft/seeking_forgiveness_both_externally_and_from/

I have struggled with my tendency to abuse alcohol for years and have since convinced myself that I can control my drinking but the truth is that I can't. I've set limits for myself switched to beer from whiskey taken nights off and have always found justification for the occasions in which I drank heavily. As a person formally diagnosed with Bipolar disorder and as a person whose lineage is full of alcoholics I know that I shouldn't be drinking. I do anyways because I attend a college which is reputed for its alcohol use among its student body and all of my friends like to party. ..I've been on a bender these past two months and over this short span of time I have sold possessions nearly maxed out a credit card isolated myself from friends with emotional outbursts while blacked out and driven a car with no remembrance the next morning on a couple of occasions. Saturday night was particularly bad I was blacked out for a span of six hours in which I was crying banging my head on a concrete wall gesturing suicide and threatening to put a person I didn't even know in a coma. None of this was known to me until I was told by friends the next day. It has come to the point where once I crack the first cold one it's almost a certainty that I will be blackout drunk by the end of the night. ..I can no longer go on like this. I'm so incredibly ashamed of myself and I feel that I've done so much damage that may be irreparable. Regardless I think I'm done for good. It's been since sunday morning since I've had a drink. I know this isn't the most healthy option and I am in NO WAY advocating it but I've been taking xanax smoking pot and drinking coffee. The shakes are gone and I can eat a full meal without vomiting. I have gone to the lake to swim the past couple of days and I even put in a couple of job applications today. I'm trying to 'jump in' and get my life together without ruminating and letting the depressive end of bipolar disorder get the better of me. ..Though I am proud of myself for the steps I have taken these past few days I'm still so ashamed with myself for everything I have done. Will the monster I was on Saturday forever be a part of my identity? I want so badly to apologize and to explain myself to everyone who has been affected by my drinking but I don't want to excuse my behavior as the result of a disposition. Confronting the guilt I feel is the hardest part of sobering up and all I want to do is drink to avoid that confrontation.  Has anyone else experienced these sentiments? If so how did you deal with them? How can I forgive myself? 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Confronting the guilt I feel is the hardest part of sobering up and all I want to do is drink to avoid that confrontation. Has anyone else experienced these sentiments? If so how did you deal with them? How can I forgive myself?..In my opinion this is what the 12 Steps of AA are all about. You take an honest look at yourself you work on the bad parts you work with the good parts you make amends to other people all that. You learn to forgive and love yourself. That's how I'm getting past my guilt while actively avoiding the actions that will make me feel guilt later.
Welcome /u/seaomf to r/stopdrinking.  When I was newly sober I was a confused and filled with half a dozen odd impulses and obsessions and objectively my life was chaos.  So first things first.  You title you post about forgiveness.  Forget that for the time being because truth be told your ONLY job over the next few weeks should be going to bed sober without drink or drug (unless it was currently prescribed by a physician who knows about your alcohol abuse history).   Got that?  Go to bed sober for the next couple of weeks.  There will be a time and a place for forgiveness making amends and all the rest...This is how I stopped drinking and got sober see if any of it is useful to you:..1. When I first started getting sober I began each morning--at the very moment that my eyes open--by making a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I still do this.)..2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction...3. Tomorrow I repeat...As I said just going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory in the very beginning...Regularly posting and commenting on /r/stopdrinking[2] to remain accountable helps me a lot there's also and IRC chat 24/7 for immediate support--see the link on the sidebar and explore the resources...Good luck to you I hope you jump right in.
I'll do ya one better put forgiveness on the back burner and turn the flame as low as it goes that isn't important now. Prepare yourself to be ready to forgive first that includes stopping starting a program/plan and sticking to it....that time will come later.
It works better if you don't drink...Tell those you caused harm to that you were wrong. Ask how you can make it right then shut your mouth and listen. Do you think you can do that?
