-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dn39x/my_first_aa_meeting/

Hey SD it's been some days since I've posted checking in and felt today was rather note worthy...My desire to attend a meeting had been growing for some weeks now.  The only thing holding me back as usual was myself - and yesterday I just fucking did it. ..The support and kindness offered to me in that room has absolutely floored me.  I was hugged and had my hand shaken by so many kind people offered tissues and phone numbers from other members they also gave me a copy of the Big Book.    ..I was given the chance to 'share' and explained it was my first meeting and I was early on in my sober days but felt like I'd got as far as I could by myself.  Yesterday was another lesson to me that I am very much not alone in my struggle. ..It feels like it's unlocked a new chapter in my sobriety...My mental ammo has been doubled I took renewed strength away with me.  So I'll be going again tomorrow...I can't express enough the thanks I have for the people in that room - but first and foremost to all of you here at SD.  I still read EVERY post and all the responses regardless of the number on the badge.  Being the newbie in the group is just as important as being an old timer...I would love to stop crying - but the floodgates have been opened! I'm just gonna go with it...time for coffee and crying.  yay...Love and peace x..
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome congrats! Agreed just go with it!
Bravo! Thanks for updating with this happy news. I cried too. Crying is good. AA and working the steps opened a door to a world I didn't know existed. Keep us posted/u/3rdgirl. 
That's too cool.  I love crying.  It's so much more of an experience when you're not hammered  :).Congratz on finding a good group!
That is awesome! I also used AA to help my get sober and stay sober. Not sure how you feel about God and the Higher Power stuff but don't let that scare you. I had a hard time at first with turning my power and will over to God. You can choose any Higher Power that you want. Best of luck to you!.
I want to put flashing lights and arrows around your post that says "READ THIS!" ..Very happy for you. That being said not all meetings are created equal some times all you get is 60 minutes of not drinking....which is still worth it :)..
Amazing :')
Oh that's wonderful.
I am so happy for you!!! And impressed you made it as long as you did without a meeting. I am incredibly week and went to a meeting my 2nd day of sobriety...Did they pass around a book with numbers in it? Idk if that's just a Seattle thing but I've been given dozens of numbers of ladies in the program who I can call. I also gave my number to quite a few of them and they check up on me since I am still sponsorless. ..Congrats again. 
That feeling of utter welcome was overwhelming for me as well. I love the thought that almost anywhere I go I can find a meeting nearby and get that same unquestioned welcome from total strangers. I don't know of anything else quite like it. The thought warms and comforts me.  ..I love the "mental ammo" comment. Knowing that you're about to embark on your own journey through the steps makes me feel truly happy for you. Thanks for sharing this!!
[deleted]
Great!
I love reading posts about people's first AA meetings.  AA didn't just help me quit drinking it changed my entire life.  Keep going to meetings and your life is going to get better as well.  
Congratulations that's so awesome to hear!  Keep up the great work!
[deleted]
You. fekken. rock.
