-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2do9aa/some_thoughts_sorry_might_not_be_the_place_but_i/

Hey all..I am female 40 years old. My mother passed away of alcoholism 18 years ago so I have a very good idea what this is about...Now - I  started drinking at the age of 15. Ya know - parties with good looking guys (and girls! ;) ) and so on..... but alcohol was just a past time entertainment for me I did not drink that often...Anyhow - moving forward 'till I was ....35... or so. I stopped working a 5-shift schedule and started working as "normal" white collar workers do: 8am-5pm. That's when alcohol began to play in. I started drinking every weekend - cause - I felt a wave of "release": "it's the weekend - you cannot expect me to answer the phone or read e-mail!!!" Alcohol became a way of defining the time OFF-WORK.... cause ya cannot bother someone off work who is under the influence can ya?!!!..So...years passed - five or so years.... Today I am drinking Friday+Saturday and sometimes Sunday (depends on work commitments). I drink a lot - I am definately drunk. (My SO also drinks he is as drunk as I am - but he suggest sober weekends more frequently than I do....)...I think my question to you is: am I in danger of developing alcoholism?? I can handle large quantities of alcohol and alcohol is more-or-less always on my mind - but I consume it only during weekends. I have not been caught for DUI or anything like that...One of my main concerns is that I am experiencing anxiety the first night sober after drinking. I try to distract myself by television or Reddit or whatever - but the anxiety is BITING my flesh  ....until I fall asleep. I sleep normal 8 hours a night and feel that sober sleep's quality is better that drunk sleep's quality...Anyhow - I think that what I am asking you dear seasoned frieds is: ..- Do I have a reason to be concerned?.- If I do have a reason to be concerned what do I do? Stop drinking alltogether??! Forever???!.- How far away am I from serious injury?..Thank you for being here and bless everyone struggling with overdrinking...Kind regards./A Swedish Throwaway
----------immediate responses--------

Yes those with a history of alcoholism are certainly more prone.  You and I have very similar storiesbut I am a few years further down the road.  I too started weekends only then a weekday here and there would creep in and next thing you know.....  ..I would suggest taking the assessment test listen in the sidebar-be very honest!  Maybe if you're unsure try quitting for 30 days to see how you feel.  Can you put it down without a thought? Or do you struggle with "justifying" your drinking.  ..I cannot tell you if you have a problem but there is a lot of good information here that might help you determine it on your own.  You don't need to hit "rock bottom" to have a problem I was quite high functioning for many years. 
Hello! Yes you have reason to be concerned. Family history alone puts you at risk. Then you have a high tolerance. This is one of the earliest signs of alcoholism. Having alcohol on your mind is a compulsion that accompanies the disease. The anxiety you felt was probably related to withdrawal. You are a binge drinker and this is hard on the body. ..Take time to browse. Learn about alcoholism. Take the Assessment Test in the sidebar. You are wise to take a look at your relationship with alcohol. 
Both excellent comments with great suggestions. Alcoholism is progressive. We all started somewhere and some of us (not me) were wiser than others (me) and nip it in the proverbial bud before it has time to come to full bloom.  ..In answer to your question of when no one can answer that as it progresses differently in different people. For me it took a good 10 years before it started to affect me to any serious degree. I never lost a job or my (immediate) family or had a DUI or any what you would call outwardly life altering events but my life was seriously altered nonetheless. Things can get pretty [bad](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ra551/saturday_share/) while still seeming to maintain to the outside world. ..Good on you for thinking about what could happen but hasn't happened yet. I hope you take the time to look through here at other's stories and perhaps you will find something that will cause you to further evaluate your situation...My best to you. :-)
There is an alcohol assessment test on the sidebar resources that takes just a couple of minutes to take.  You might consider taking it just for any insight you gain from it.  Since you already got wise advice I'm just going to add my best wishes and upvote those comments and your post.  
We have similarities.  I used alcohol as a way to officially end the work day.   Would drink primarily on the weekend - as the years went by it slowly expanded.  Im in my 50's now.  You should be concerned.   The stop drinking all together is the only option for me.  I tried cutting back etc.  It wasn't successfull. To much thought required always ans excuse of why its ok.   And you know what - Not drinking Alcohol is a good thing.  The Path your on is much clearer with a nicer view.  When I see the word Forever???!  You should be concerned.  Seriously Alcohol is not that much fun.  There is so much more to do in life and with out it you feel so much better.  I will leave you with this.  Do you know what it takes to become an Alcoholic?  Give this some thought.  The real answer has nothing to do with self control discipline environment; All it takes is to drink enough Alcohol over a long enough period of time.  Take Care
Thank you thank you thank you everyone who took time to answer my post! I really appreciate it!..I will take the sidebar test and read some more about alcohol and alcoholism. In the best of worlds I will realize what road I am risking to go down on and act accordingly - in the worst of worlds I will return to this subreddit in some years from now reporting injury and a life falling apart......Thank you again for your wise words - please know that I am taking them to my heart...Kind regards./A Swedish Throwaway
