-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2doj54/when_does_someone_have_drinking_problems/

When is someone an alcoholic? Of course I am not asking for the obvious answers those are easy. I'm asking for real experiences. ..I have been struggling with these problems/questions for a while. I do have drinking problems that's what I think. Otherwise I wouldn't have been on this subreddit. ..However I wonder; when did you figure out you were an alcoholic? And most important; how did you solve the problem?..It would be great if I got some honest answers cause I need some help I believe...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/Laletje -- I think a person has drinking problems when alcohol interferes with relationships or causes legal or financial consequences.  The problem for the alcoholic he or she is notorious for ascribing/blaming these objective problems on "people places and things" not alcohol.  So when my ex-wife went to Al-Anon meetings I genuinely was perplexed when I asked her who the alcoholic was?  When she said "You!" I was disbelieving I thought she was crazy.  It took me another 2 years to get to my first AA meeting.  I think I was finally able to put the pieces together for myself when during a spectacularly bad drunk I fell injured myself and cold turkey quit for a couple of months.  Having stopped drinking for two months I had enough clarity to finally walk into an AA meeting just to "check out my oversensitivity" to my now ex-wife labeling me an alcoholic.  At old man was speaking at that meeting and his drinking career had NOTHING in common with mine but he said something that totally struck me: its not when I'm drinking that I am different from normal drinkers--it's when I'm not drinking.  When I'm not drinking I'm thinking about drinking clearing away the aftermath of my last drunk lying and making alibis engaging in distorted thinking and planning my next drunk.  That my friend was me.
When you start having negative consequences in your life...A few examples for me would be getting arrested for public intoxication missing events (missed a private tour of the White House) causing problems with my friends due to my drunken actions and of course waking up the next day feeling regret from last night (all the time of course)...I stopped drinking by seeing a psychologist and going to AA for social support.  (Don't like AA but I do like the social support)
I knew and denied got more proof rationalized justified blamed tried to control but it happened again --&gt; repeat until sick and tired of being sick and tired.  ..Went to AA but tried to do it my way  --&gt; repeat ..somewhere along the way realized I was not the special snowflake I wanted to be there was no loophole with my name on it. So I Removed my head from up my butt...Then and only then it started  to work.   With my head now out I could read the writing on the wall I could hear and then learn how to listen. ..It is really very simple we are masters at making it complicated... 
[deleted]
I don't know when my drinking problems tipped over into alcoholism. I'm not sure if I was ever cut out to be a moderate/normal drinker. Maybe there was a time when I could have gone from problem drinker back down to normal drinker but that didn't happen and I've gone past the point where that's ever going to be possible for me. That's okay. ..I guess I would say that these were signs in my life that indicated things had gotten out of hand :.. * hiding my drinking from others in order to be able to drink as much as I wanted/felt that I needed (drinking extra in the kitchen when no one could see having an extra drink before going to bed etc.).. * using alcohol as the all-purpose response to any negative or positive emotion or event. Celebration - great! Alcohol! Bad day - alcohol. Bored - alcohol. .. * negative consequences from drinking didn't stop me from drinking. It screwed up my sleep I would wake up in the middle of the night and even though I knew this would happen I drank heavily on nights before I had to get up early the next morning and would be busy all day. I'd get acid reflux from drinking I knew it was from drinking and I'd just manage it with Prilosec instead of cutting back or abstaining long enough for my guts to heal. Things like that are subtle and less dramatic than DUIs but still indicate that I was continuing to drink excessively even though I experienced negative consequences. .. * Once I started I had a hard time stopping. If I had a bad hangover I was *more* likely to drink not less...I solved the problem by quitting. I can't moderate and this is just easier and more freeing. ..
In retrospect when I first began to question whether or not I was an alcoholic I already was.  If you have to ask the answer is most likely yes...I never went through a period of hitting bottom or losing everything but I reached a point where alcohol was changing my nightly activities consuming a lot of my free time causing me to feel mildly sick more often than not and just generally dragging me down. When I started to drink sometimes when I didn't even want to I realized that I was on the cusp of developing a very very serious problem. ..My advice? Don't ever let it get that far.  If you are the slightest bit concerned that you *might* be an alcoholic do something about it.  It will only get harder down the road.
I knew I had a drinking problem when I was endangering myself constantly - driving drunk sleeping with questionable people.  I used drinking to cover up a lot of emotional issues I had like depression anxiety and zero self-esteem.  ..The weird thing is -- I really haven't endangered myself like that in quite awhile - like several years.  I worked with a therapist on some of these issues a couple of years ago and it really was helpful - I just wish she had addressed my alcohol addiction a little more.  I really HAD cut back on my drinking but I was still drinking way too much.  It's like -- I cut back from getting blackout drunk every day to just getting "obnoxious level drunk" every OTHER day.  What made me finally stop was the fact that I was starting to pick fights with my (incredibly patient and loving) boyfriend.  He yelled at me one night while we were fighting "SOME PEOPLE JUST NEED TO NEVER DRINK!"  I was drunk - and I don't know why but those words stuck in my head and I KNEW he was right.  ..I don't know how to solve the problem.  It's too early for me to even pretend I know how to solve it for me.  Right now I'm just not drinking.  
It started almost immediately for me.  At the age of 17. 
Thank you all for the comments. Made me open my eyes and think. I'll start working on the problem. If I ever feel I need help I will definitely come back to this subreddit for advice. One again thank you.
