-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dp1q6/notebook_sobriety08152014/

Today was a success; Not only did I find myself guilty at the bottom of an M&M Mcflurry for the first time in far too long I also managed to make some headway into handling some personal debt...  To the average anybody maintaining a personal budget and responsibly handling your finances is wimple  -Not so for an Alcoholic..  When all of my financial obligations transformed in to a "Mini Everest" of fear and avoidance I knew I was done for and back to the bottle. ..  But....not today. .  .  Having recently found myself in an unexpected financial windfall I knew the triggers would come faster than a Cop in Ferguson..When I realized I had the money I left work-I'd racked up enough overtime anyway. Leaving the building I found myself face to face with my happenin' little Margarita joint. I'm not sure if it was the blazing asphalt (likely melting my shoes)or the fiery little alcohol bug warming up but I broke a visible sweat...  Thankfully I chose the Mcflurry as it cooled me down and gave me time to think; I could use the money responsible and relieve some stress. Remember the Mini Everest? After an Avalanche of clarity I *sighed* and went for the bills: school loan(4 Months Behind-$270) Gym (4 Months Behind-$120) and my "overdraft limit as a credit card" dues of ($405)...  After some pretty brutal debate with the "meme" selfish and short sighted sided side I got on the phone jumped on the computer and attacked.See normally I'd use the cash on a bag or booze but I didn't today. I handled some personal debts received the awesome feeling of actually crossing stuff off my "To-Do List" and treated myself to a .dessert instead of a dangerous plunge in to relapse...  Making proactive decisions to boost my credit was nice tackling my temptation for Margaritas was the best and reaffirmed my resolve..I can do this(and so can You!)...  Long Term Goal: Save money for a visit to Colorado..  .  Short Term Goal: Handle my legal issues and count my blessings.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Great work.  Keep it up!  Also now I want a McFlurry.
Sounds almost like what an adult might do. I dunno just theorizing.....Living intentionally can be quietly satisfying even though it's not always exciting.
