-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dpevy/escape_velocity/

I wonder if anyone has done stats on the number of days sober vs relapse.  So for example you could look at it and see that most people relapse after 10 days or after 90 days you have escaped and will likely never relapse. I realise anyone can relapse after any amount of time but the likelihood must be inversely proportional to the number of days sober
----------immediate responses--------

I would think the only one that might have stats on that would be OTR I'm going to cut and paste a comment reply is just put up that may address some of those time frames..Lots of peaks and valleys in the first 90 days not to say there are none after that but the terrain gets more predictable. Usually around 2 weeks when you are out of the acute physical detox and sleeping better it's a tight window but because of detox amnesia you think that wasn't so bad I can quit I'm feeling okay maybe I'm not an alcoholic...yeah you are. Then one month is a bit of a high starting to get your recovery routine down 60 days again "maybe I not an alcoholic" if not that then usually a feeling of "so.....this is it? This is sobriety? This is how I can expect to feel for the rest of my life? Do I want it?" At that point shaking things up a touch different meeting new activity change something 90 days and for me I was able to exhale a bit since it took me 10 years to achieve it. ..Anything sound familiar?
I relapsed after 15 years sober and I had been super active in AA.  Anecdotally I stopped going to AA meetings after about 12 years and it was another 3 years before I could con myself into thinking maybe I wasn't an alcoholic after all.  In fact I had a 12 year coin that I chucked into Lake Erie before I sat down in a bar and had that first beer.  ..Relapse was without a doubt the worst experience of my life and it culminated in short federal prison sentence.  
In my recovery circle people tend to be really supportive around the "3 6 9's" meaning that 3 6 and 9 months seem to be tough for people. Everyone is different but I really struggled at 3 months. I had a rough week just after 4 months too but I'm just putting in for extra credit :)..As I see it we're all at risk any day we're not mindful of keeping our shit together. If that working a program or just remembering that you're not drinking today a la /u/coolcrosby or whatever it seems like a little bit of work each day helps keep us safe. I haven't reached the 6 or 9 yet and I'm not spending time worrying about it. I REALLY hope I won't be a statistic to help you out with your question but who knows right?
