-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dpjxh/really_scared_im_going_to_relapse_please_help/

I just found this subreddit so I'm sorry if I've done anything wrong...I've been sober for almost a year now. Something has come up and my boyfriend will be leaving our country next month on a trip for 3 days which is really really really triggering. I'm scared I'm going to relapse!..We don't live together but we sleep on Skype every night and have for most of our relationship and are always a text message or call away from each other. We're hardly ever out of contact. The thought of not being able to sleep on Skype like always or not being able to be in contact as much as we want is making me feel so horrible and scared. I don't like being away from him or not being able to get in touch with him...I feel like going back to drinking is the only way I'll be able to cope for those 3 days even though I know I won't be able to stop once he comes back...Someone please help me!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
First of all congratulations for going almost a year and you haven't done anything wrong posting here. This is what this sub is for.  Feel free to ask anything you want. ..Secondly is he going to be somewhere without Internet access? Skype works internationally and so long as you're going computer to computer it's still free. Also he could get a pre paid phone for the duration. My sister travels abroad and that's what she does. ..If neither of those are options you can continue to reach out here for support. There are lost of very helpful friendly people in this sub who are happy to help.  And more generally if you've gone almost a year it seems to me that you have the strength to go three days without his support. A year of sobriety is a major accomplishment and you're almost there. Have you looked into support groups in your area? I personally don't have any experience with them but lots of people here do and have very positive experience with them. Maybe reach out to your local AA chapter. And of course you can post here or feel free to reply if you have any questions. ..I wish you strength and the best of luck. 
What's keeping you out of AA or other recovery meetings?  It's how I avoid relapse.
Come check out the live IRC chat at https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/..You don't have to register just pop in and say hi when things are going tough. 
