-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dpuch/mindfulness/

Practicing mindfulness is one of the most beneficial things I have learned from r/stopdrinking. Being mindful was one of the suggestions I got when I was struggling with the overwhelming surge of emotions that came with early sobriety. A month and a half later and the practice is paying off in spades. I want to thanks the specific and general wisdom of folks here. And I want to encourage anyone in the first few months to be present and in the now...I was up before dawn watching the stars fade from the sky. This morning's meditation included visualizing light increasing and suffusing through your body. I had a flash of insight: Dawn--one of my favorite times of the day--and the way the first kiss of sunlight spreads from the high peaks down to the valley floors. I'll be holding that glow and warmth with me through the day...If you are struggling with emotions or coming to terms with yourself give some form of meditation or mindfulness practice a try. There are many wiser more experienced folks here who can help. If you like toys I've found the headspace app and meditations helpful. I've got a couple coupons to share if you finish the trial period and want to keep going.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I really love meditation and mindfulness as not only a recovery tool but a general quality-of-life increaser. After spending years upon years numbing life out being present now in every moment every single moment feels like a gift too good to be true.
I totally agree with meditation being one of the most beneficial things for me since quitting. I do a simple counting meditation where I count up to ten (counting on the out breath) and do that over and over. In the beginning I could barely make it 5 minutes sitting still but now I'm up to 20 min. I've made this a daily practice and know this is something I want to do throughout my life. I've been trying to push away and run from my emotions for so long that just learning to be still with myself has been rewarding. I don't have to distract myself it's ok to feel whatever emotions I'm feeling. ..A lot of times I have this tightness in my chest or throat and sometimes I don't even realize it's there because it's just become normal for me. It's because I'm trying to control the feeling by pushing it away. But that's just making it worse. After a few weeks of meditating I had a sit where I was finally able to quit fighting and just gave in to the bad feelings. The tightness went away and I was sitting there with no distractions feeling at peace. That was a great experience.
Yes there have been actual peer reviewed studies on transcendental meditation and showed something like 80% of people stopped drinking after a few months of the practice as well as benefitting from reduced stress and anxiety etc.  ..It was life changing for me. 
There is a meditation course that I took via Art of Living.  The course is about being aware and ways to ease into meditation.   But when I took the course I wasn't drinking or even on caffeine. .....
[deleted]
Yes!! I feel like meditation is one of the major reasons I feel confident that I can stay sober! It's great to hear someone else mention it here...I've only been on for a couple of days. It's my witching hour right now usually 6 is the LATEST I start drinking. Your message really reminded me to focus on the moment and appreciate it...without stupid Vodka.
