-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2drq32/its_too_quiet/

You know... it's odd because next month I'll have eleven years sober.  That in it of itself is weird.  I mean it just seems odd to me that that amount of time has flown by.  My boys are spending the night with their Dad and my husband is out of town on a camping trip with his friends.  So for the first time in who knows how long I'm home alone.  It's so freaking quiet in this house it makes me a little anxious.  I know that sounds stupid.  I'm a grown adult I should be okay being alone.  I have just forgotten what it's like almost.  I'm always hearing "MOM!!!" from somewhere in the house since there are three of them and one of me..I went to the movies with a friends earlier.  I think I will probably go to the 10:00 AA meeting around the corner from my house since this place is so quiet and there's really no movies I want to watch.  I've been away from this subreddit for awhile and I realize that I should be around more and give back more.  I'm so impressed with anyone that even tries to quit drinking.  If you relapse just come back we're all family.  I'm so glad you all are still here and will try to post more encouraging words to those that are in need.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! We are having a Robin Williams movie night in the chat in the sidebar! Hop on if you like and we can tell you how to sync up :)..CONGRATS on almost 11 years!!
wow 11 years sober...that's truly incredible!!
That quiet is hard to get used to Nothing very comforting about crickets. Eleven years is amazing!
The quiet is hard to get used to. I always fell asleep drunk with the tv on. Now I'm trying to turn it off and meditate do yoga before bed. I just end up turning it back on to calm my racing brain but it's a start. Not sure I'll ever get used to silence. ..Congrats on a whopping 11 years! Proof that it can happen. :)
Enjoy the peace.  But I can understand how difficult it must to be *not* busy.  ..Congrats on 11 months!  Keep yourself distracted
I am a bit ahead of you chronologically my kids are 35 and 37.  I live in the woods and have grown to love the quiet.  ..I do have a tendency to isolate so meetings and contact with program folks are critical.  ..One other thing tat may be contributing to unease is if you are like me the month before anniversary tends to be one of memories I am having that some these days too.
