-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dtwmw/girlfriend_cheated_on_me_she_was_the_reason_i/

I have been sober almost 100 days. I stopped drinking because my girlfriend of 5 years didn't drink and I didn't feel it was fair to her that I spent so much time out drinking and not with her. After I quit drinking I realized that I had a real drinking problem and that blacking out 3 nights a week is not normal. I still functioned perfectly fine and was doing great at work but my relationship was suffering due to me being hungover and not present while not at work...Well I found out my girlfriend cheated on me today. The relationship is over and I'm in so much pain. I am not drinking today because I don't want to relapse because I'm upset but I don't see why I shouldn't start drinking in a week or so. I know I can never stop drinking once I start and that I will 100% blackout once I start drinking but it won't affect my work and my friends find it funny. The only person it was negatively affecting is no longer in my life. ..Why shouldn't I relapse? I need help SD. 
----------immediate responses--------

Join us in chat (see sidebar) if you want...You are hurting right now and that is OK. You are supposed to hurt. Drinking will just delay the hurt. Better to get it over with now.
[deleted]
I tell everyone in my "standard greeting" or "baby steps" to getting sober that when I resolve not to drink TODAY that decision is not dependent on what other people do or say or on good news or bad news.  Alcohol improved precisely zero bad situations in my life while on the other hand sobriety gave me a path and ultimately real peace of mind.
You're young. It hasn't affected your work *yet.*  If you're sure to drink to blackout I can tell you that's the kind of drinking that's going to wreck your life. Of course most of us don't believe that until it's already been happening awhile. I know I didn't. 
I agree with /u/betamax59. When you meet another amazing girl you really don't want her to think you're a wreck so she has no interest in dating you. You should strive to be the quality of human being that you want to attract and you've already succeeded in quitting drinking! Keep it up and be awesome.
I'll come at this one from another direction -- because *fuck her* that's why.  I was cheated on a couple of times and I can say this -- living well is the best revenge.  It's a great feeling to get random "how are you" emails years down the line from an ex that cheated and be able to reply "everything is awesome -- my wife is awesome my kids are awesome"...If you're like me your chances at awesomeness are significantly lessened if you're drinking.
If your friends find it funny when you get blackout drunk I hate to say you should get some new friends.  Do you really want to feel that way again?  Waking up the next day panic stricken about what you might have done or who you pissed off feeling like shit with no motivation.  Relationships can come and go but improving yourself as a person is something that can last forever and benefit you in many ways.  
My wife cheated on me (3 or 4 years ago we're still together) because I was a drunken asshole.  So I stopped drinking for the both of us.  Point being there's a part of you that's not letting you put the right you out into the world.  One reason not to relapse is to help you be the you that you want to be.
If  i externalize the reasons for getting and then staying sober then I place control over my life in the hands of another person place or thing. I reduce myself to reacting to external factors. If I quit drinking for someone else and the relationship changes then so do my reasons for remaining sober...But although I may have ventured into sobriety to change some external situations it soon became clear that if I were to remain sober it would have to be about me and me alone. It's a selfish program...Since then I have dealt with a couple of really difficult situations. Life doesn't become all butterflies and rainbows. But because my sobriety isn't dependent on externals they can't threaten it...Make this all about you. This bitch can't toss enough pain your way to make you crawl back into a bottle. Only you can make that decision. You're not the first guy to deal with this shit and you can deal with it sober. She's not the reason you're sober....YOU are. And your reason for being sober hasn't changed...Besides it sound like she doesn't deserve to hang out with Sober You. Her loss. Now with a clear head you have an opportunity to find someone who does.
Blacking out isn't fun or cool.  It won't make you feel better.  Why would you drink then?  Do it if you want but deep down I know you don't want to.  You'll feel much better tomorrow if you stay sober and you'll have more confidence that you can do it.  And dude if you blackout you'll eventually have negative consequences.  Trust me.
It's going to be a lot easier on yourself if you don't start drinking. Just hang in there until your emotions calm down. Wait as long as you can. You still have something if you don't drink. If you start drinking again you will just lose more.
RELATIONSHIP.Really Exciting Love Affair Turns Into Outrageous Nightmare Sobriety Hangs In Peril
Dude I got sober for my ex and when we broke up I went straight back to the booze on a mission to I am not even sure what. After a week I realized that it wasnt just her that I was missing but my sobriety. I could tell you that life is better when you are not hung over all the time .saving money and able to preform well at work but you already know that. Im sure you will come around. ....
This sort of shit happens to people without drinking problems. The fact that you are thinking about drinking again should make it all the more obvious to you that alcohol was your solution what you went to when times went south....The question that I would like answered is "Does alcohol solve your problems or do they return after you sober up?"..If you can answer that question with "Problems return" then you should be able to know that alcohol does not solve your problems....The question then becomes "If alcohol won't fix this what will?"...That is a very good question and a good one to sit with until something new comes into your head......I went AA with the experience that everything that I had tried before had failed and that alcohol was taking me to places where I didn't want to go so I was willing to try anything even if it wasn't my idea. I was lucky.....Ultimately my answer to "Why shouldn't I relapse?" is obvious for me but only because of what I experienced. ..Sobriety is better than death. If you're still having fun then drink up! ..For me the fun was gone my brain was broken my good times were over and I wanted to die and couldn't stop drinking. I don't say this for any other reason than to say that is what happened to me. I really hope you don't ever have to experience that which I went through to realize and come up with a plan of action that you can follow day to day that will give you a happy and pleasant sobriety.
From someone who drank specifically to ease relationship (or lack thereof) related pain seriously relapsing will not help. It was not just negatively effecting her but you also. If you know you cannot stop once you start then your only rational choice is not to start. It may not be effecting your work friends or other parts of your life now but the day will come where it will. The day may come when it claims your life...Getting drunk to ease pain allows you to not feel pain but only temporarily. It's a numbing agent. If pain cannot be properly processed the hurt you're feeling never truly heals and it hurts so much long than it has to...You have my sympathies for she did to you. I know it may not mean much but when an SO cheats it is not a reflection of you it is a reflection of them. They were the ones that made the choice to be unfaithful and take the easy way out rather than facing whatever issues the relationship had and either ending things or trying to work through them. She has already taken away your trust. Do not let her take your sobriety as well. ..Hang in there friend. We're here for you.
Invest in yourself because YOU are worth it. You are worth becoming a better more powerful person. Keep the control of your life gain discipline. Realize the potential of having your mind unaffected by vicious drugs and alcohol. The dependency you can offer people because of this newfound reliability in yourself. ..Go for gold man Since I've quit drinking I have REAL friends who I can count on my family trusts me again I'm in my third year of commerce with passing grades and its easy for me now. I have money and most importantly pride I've earned not just completely meaningless shit.
