-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2du874/had_a_realization_tonight_hope_you_guys_can_back/

So I've still been struggling but could use some encouragement in these early stages. ..I've been feeling like if I tell my friends or any new friends I might make that I don't drink anymore that I might feel like "less of a man" or I can't "handle it". But really it's that I "handle it" better than any of them could hope to handle it. I could drink them under the table and keep drinking for the rest of the week when they would have begged for mercy a long time ago...That's not being manly or strong. That's being weak.
----------immediate responses--------

the manliest thing I have ever done was be honest with my friends and family; stop drinking; and start living my life like a grown up.
Interesting question /u/Whatforrest -- If your friends are drinking the way you drank then of course you are handling alcohol like a Man who refuses to let peer pressure push him into drinking poison because his sheeple think it's cool.  ..Let me make a further point.  I stopped drinking because I was a sick alcoholic and alcohol was putting my life and the lives of others at risk particularly if I was anywhere near my car keys.  When I make my daily decision not to drink alcohol it is not dependent on what others do or don't do or for that matter good news or terrible news temptation or none whether I'm at a music festival or a party.  I am not drinking TODAY--end of story...As far as telling my friends--I really don't complain or explain.  I let my consistent sober daily actions do the talking.  
Drunk men are not sexy. Tell that to your friends...Having a high tolerance as you describe is one of the signs of alcoholism. It takes a strong man to face the truth and stop the progression of the disease. [Having a disease is not a weakness nor a moral issue.]
I am sure my wife thinks I'm way more of a man now than before I quit. My long time friends are nothing but supportive. That's every opinion I care about.
When you have become addicted to ethanol it becomes your way of life..Sobering up means having to change everything and do something you don't know how to do rather than let ethanol run your life.  She is a bad girlfriend and it hurts to break up with her but you are worth the effort.
Quitting drinking isn't (shouldn't be at least) done for your friends or the perceptions you think they have about you. Quitting drinking is for you...To hell with manliness...Do what you need to do and do it because it's the right thing to do. That's where credibility and respectability come from and that's ultimately what we (manly types in general) are talking about when we call it manliness.
