-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ducak/newcomer_here_is_my_story/

I just found this sub from a post in another sub.  I wanted to share my story because while I didn't know about this community 3 years ago I wish I had. I started binge drinking at age 19. My three friends and I would get together whenever possible and drink tons of liquor. When I transferred to a four year school after community college I started drinking everyday. One semester I took 22 credits and drank a minimum of a fifth every day and somehow managed a 3.7 GPA...When college ended I continued drinking everyday and would go through a handle or two of whiskey and a case of beer every week by myself. My friends and I continued our almost weekly binges...I got married and while my wife put up with my friends and drinking she didn't like it so much...I continued to become completely dependent on being drunk. I stopped going to events that didn't have alcohol. Whenever there was a B.Y.O.B gathering I would always bring more than I needed in hopes that someone would want to get hammered with me...During my first son's baby shower I got together with the guys and the 4 of us finished a 1.75 L of rum then I drove home.  My wife was furious and almost left that night...The night before my son was born I was drinking at a friends and came home around 1 AM. I woke up late for my carpool and went didn't get to grab a shower before going in. I got the call at 10am that my wife was going into labor. My carpool raced home and the whole time I was sweating alcohol and was fretting my firstborn coming into the world with his dad reeking of whiskey. I actually made my wife wait to go to the hospital while I showered. The boy was born at 10:40 pm and we didn't get to bed until after 4am. I was exhausted and felt terrible that because of drinking I was almost unable to stay awake and help out my wife...I kept drinking heavily. It continued to cause problems between my wife and I. In January 2011 I started to feel like I needed to change. I specifically remember one night after my wife had gone to bed I was pretty wasted and out of no where I felt something telling me that I had to stop drinking...I thought to myself "How the fuck am I supposed to do that? I love alcohol. I enjoy everything about it." It was true I really really loved drinking. At the time I viewed the best times of my life as times I had gotten smashed with the boys. ..A little later in February that year one of my friends and I decided not to drink for 2 months. I actually really enjoyed the time and remember liking not waking up with a hangover. That didn't stop the cravings though. My mind constantly fantasized about the end of the two months. It came and I hit the bottle again...For the next few months I struggled with the freedom that I had and liked while on my drinking fast and the love I had for alcohol. I came to the conclusion that no matter what I think I want to do. No matter what goal I have I am going to do whatever my inner desire wants to do. At the time that inner desire was to drink alcohol...In September 2011 I was 28 years old I went on a strict diet for 6 months. Part of the diet and the part I was most concerned about was not being able to drink not one drink no cheats.  ..During those six months something changed in me. I watched one of my best friends life get turned upside down because of his drinking. I felt the wrath of his verbal violence when I refused to go drink with him to talk about how fucked up his life had become. That time scared the shit out of me. I started to see the destruction that alcohol was doing in my own life and my own family. I started to feel like if I started drinking again I was going to be right behind my friend who was about to lose everything...I decided at first that I wasn't going to set a date for myself but I knew that I wasn't ready to start drinking at the end of the 6 months. I ended up losing my old drinking buddies as friends mostly my choice because I didn't feel like I was welcome if I wasn't going to be pounding shots with them. One thing that made this part tough was that there was so much animosity built up between my friends and my wife that I didn't feel like I could talk to her about it without her flying off the handle. I had to just put my head down and push through. ..It will be 3 years now in September that I have not had a drop of alcohol. I really feel like I have zero desire to drink now. One of the most important things that I use to help me stay sane is to always give myself the option to drink. I feel like for me it is dangerous to remove the option because if I remove it and one day get the option back I will probably make the wrong choice. I still have all the liquor in my pantry from the day that I gave up drinking. It serves as a reminder to me of what I had become and how far I have come to get to where I am. ..I know that if I take even one drink I will probably head right back down road I was on in a heartbeat. That is the reason I will not drink at all. ..One thing I have noticed is that now I drink a ton of diet soda. I also play a little too much Team Fortress 2. The hardest thing for me and the one thing I think about everyday is the loss of my friends. While they drinking buddies for 9 years they were my best friends growing up before alcohol got involved. I really miss the hell out of them...That's my story. I hope it helps someone out there. If you made it this far thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing this.
Good for you. Will you be joining and contributing to our community?
Congrats for three years. Thank you for sharing your story. Hope we will hear from you again. People like give hope to others.
It does help thanks for sharing.
Thanks for sharing your story man. It's really encouraging to know that someone that deep was able to see the light and make a really positive change. You did it because you needed to. You obviously got your priorities straight and are doing the right thing. I'm glad you found this sub and I'm sure you'll have a lot to contribute to this community. I'm only early in my recovery and a lot of what you shared resonated with me. .Good luck and please don't be a stranger..Grab a badge while you are here. The request link is on the right side of the window..Cheers
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing your story... I find it useful to do the same and I love reading others especially when they have a happy ending!..congrats on 3 years! very inspirational! 
Head over to the sidebar and request a badge! Congrats on your sobriety and thank you for sharing.
Welcome to r/stopdrinking -- I hope you join in.  This was a terrific first post.
Thanks for sharing and welcome!
Thanks for sharing! I'm drinking a ton of diet soda too. Have you tried new activities that might help you make new friends? I think as adults the easiest way to make friends is find people who share a common interest. 
You aren't alone. From reading your comments below it makes me feel a bit sad that you weren't able to find people who believed in your recovery sooner. I was very very lucky to have the support of most of my family and friends and a big old recovery community of sober people. And even then getting sober was the hardest thing I've ever done. You must have really wanted this thing and worked hard to stick with it and go through it on your own. I honestly don't think I would have been that strong...This place is amazing I hope you continue to post here.
&gt;I would always bring more than I needed in hopes that someone would want to get hammered with me...I never realized until now that I did the same thing!  I would always bring the "just in-case" beers.. ..Thanks for sharing your story very inspiring...
That is quite a heartfelt story and I applaud you for sharing it. I can certainly identify with the heavy drinking with friends especially during the college/university years and how a great deal of happy memories still exist from that time. It is important to realize that alcohol while an intoxicating (sic) culture is inherently destructive for so many of us. You seem to have incorporated that realization into your life even at cost and that gives me the utmost sense of respect for you and your convictions. There are always friends out there who can accept your decision and who knows? Your "drinking buddies" still have the capacity for change. We never truly know change until we live it...Much respect sir...I think I'll stick with Perrier over diet soda though. 
[deleted]
Congrats on the three years and welcome. It always helps me to read someone else's story. I know what you mean about losing old drinking friends. In hindsight it seemed like a much bigger deal than it actually was: people go their own ways in life anyways. Keep up the great work and definitely keep posting here to show others how it's done!
Thank you! I hope with all my heart they can come to terms with their own drinking and you can rekindle the friendship. If not find new ones - and love your wife and children xoxo
Thank you really needed this tonight!!
