-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dvyij/a_belated_and_grateful_introduction_from_a/

Hello /r/stopdrinking! ..I'm a longtime lurker coming to this sub at least once a day to read all of your stories; inspired by your success commiserating with your struggles. I've made many lackluster or quickly aborted attempts to stop or ahem "moderate" my drinking but on this momentous occasion of 30 days sober I want to break my silence and say hello. Hopefully this isn't too wall-of-text-ish...I'm going to backpedal a bit it sounds as if I'm going to weave some tale of exceptional intrigue it's quite the opposite. I'm 28. I started drinking regularly when I was 18. In the intervening decade I've led a life of breathtaking mediocrity. I've never gotten a DUI been evicted lost a job due to drinking. But I haven't done much good either. A phrase someone used here recently that resonated with me is "arrested development". ..I've never had a real job just one series of low-paying wage job to the next. It was fine I always got by. I never had real interests or real friends after high school but who cares? I have a couple drinking buddies to check out the new brewery in town. It's...fine. My physical and mental health is fine. Never great but fine...This realization came to me one day a month ago when I was (surprise!) severely hungover. I was camping and my group was leaving early in the morning to drive an hour away for a hike. Just the thought of sitting in a car down a winding road for an hour was enough to make me nauseous so I didn't go significantly inconveniencing the people who would have to drive out of their way to come pick me back up. Instead I sat in a parking lot for 4 hours getting sunburned getting bit my mosquitos nauseous tired head pounding miserable. Having recently started practicing mindfulness instead of ibuprofin and a nap I focused on the pain the sensations how I was truly feeling at that moment...It wasn't the first time I'd thought about quitting drinking and it wasn't an especially dramatic event that made me come to this realization but sitting there all morning gave me ample time to think about all the things I was missing out on. Not just that day but over the last 10 years over the rest of my life should I continue on this path. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of mediocre. ..The big change for me was making my intentions public. I told my spouse who has been simply wonderful and supportive. I told my parents which was well awkward but it helps me to be accountable. I'm moving to a new city soon and I'm excited to establish a new identity as a person who doesn't drink versus being around people who have seen me act stupidly far too many times. ..Whew I haven't even really reached the meat of my thoughts where I talk about what I've experienced in my first month sober but I don't mean to ramble too long while saying hello for the first time. I really appreciate this forum; it's a great resource and I'm glad to finally start contributing towards our collective recovery...edit: missing words
----------immediate responses--------

I too felt a lot like you for years. While I was younger when I sobered up I too held a job never got a DUI never got evicted kept up my grades ect... Eventually I decided that I wasn't living up to my standards and that I wasn't actually a "functioning alcoholic" because I knew that I was selling myself short...Geographic relocation won't fix your problems but it will get you a nice fresh start at establishing the person you want to be in the future. Good luck 30 days is a big deal! Knock out another 30 to make it 60.
Except for some spectacular fights with my wife your experience isn't too different from mine.  Nothing terrible happened.  In fact I've had a very successful career too (along with a nice house car other things)...But I was 100 pounds overweight.  And I was unhappy.  All. the. time...The last 1.5+ years have been awesome.  There hasn't been a single day that I have regretted getting sober.  Sobriety has been awesome.  Note: It wasn't all streamers and party hats from day 1 though.  It took me about 45 days or so to get the hang of it and to truly accept that I'm an alcoholic.  Then after the acceptance it got immediately and dramatically better...Good luck and keep it up!
Congratulations /u/WorstAmerican on one month sober.  I hope you jump right into this community.  I liked the part of your post that focused on mindfulness.  It's how I deal with pain and I had a lot of pain in the first couple of years sober as I became accountable for my actions.  
Thanks for posting and congratulations on 30 days.  I am one behind you and plan on making it tomorrow.
Congrats on 30 days of sobriety! Like you it was only when I began practicing mindfulness that I gained the clarity and conviction to stop drinking. This is my third week without alcohol despite numerous triggers and opportunities and I'm feeling better than ever...Thank you for sharing your story.
