-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e45jq/to_those_who_have_relapsed_after_a_being_sober/

What happened?  What should those of us who made it through some rough days/weeks/months and are now feeling pretty good about things watch out for?  What are you doing to make sure you don't fall into the same trap?
----------immediate responses--------

I still avoid bars or events centered around alcohol. Everyone needs a support system and we are all one drink away from regret. I'm no expert but I have tried my best to stay sober.
We are slow learners and quick forgetters--I stay accountable to my support network which in my case includes my AA home group.
Working towards improving the areas of my life I'm not satisfied with. Hard to fall into the self pity trap if I'm actively working closer to where I want to be. I keep realistic expectations and I've learned to not be so hard on myself. I'm learning how to grow the fuck up with the help of some friends in AA that keep me accountable and teach me a thing or two about life. When I got sober I was a scared little boy and I don't want to be that person again.
Usually overconfidence. I convince myself I'm not an alcoholic then I try to drink and just end up getting stupid drunk...To avoid this I accept the fact that I just shouldn't drink alcohol.
It's all about taking it slowly - one day at a time. I've relapsed a bit this week after going well over a month. For me it was just losing focus (again) combined with a series of events which was difficult for me to deal with soberly. ..I just found out earlier this week my position at my company has been terminated due to budget concerns I just moved into a brand new apartment last weekend and I'm on my own for the first time and I had been dealing with my old roommate being pregnant for the last several months. It has taken a lot out of me (especially moving). The straw that broke the camel's back was finding out my job is being cut. Yes I realize I should be stronger and not imbibe when shit goes south but it's just a minor relapse for me. I will continue to move on and get better.
