-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e47qi/im_36_years_old_and_cant_stop_drinking/

Ive been drinking for a solid 18 years exactly half of my life. Ive only been sober on the days where I had too much to drink the night before but frankly I doubt I was even sober on those days due to the excessive nature of my drinking. Ive tried to stop drinking and would make it one or two days before falling back into it again. In the morning I would tell myself that I wont drink today but then by evening I cant get the thought out of my head so I grab a drink or ten. I can easily polish off two bottles of wine and not even slur my speech. Im not proud of this at all and often hide this from friends and family. My wife has been very supportive of my trying to stop she doesnt nagg or fuss about it but says that Ill stop when Im ready. In the few instances that I do go sober for a couple of days I have a really hard time sleeping. When I do fall asleep I have terrible nightmares that have me thrashing and screaming in bed. One time my wife woke me up and the look on her face was fear. She said that she has never heard anyone scream that loud especially in their sleep. ..I drink to keep my head in a space that I can tolerate. Im scared of sobriety but just as scared to continue this way. To compound matters even more I work as a beer and wine sales person so I am constantly around alcohol. Its a very lucrative job but I am expected to be social and drink with customers while showing them products. I know I need to leave this job for my health and my future. I also suffer from depression and when I drink it makes my depression significantly worse. I recently went on medication to help my depression and it has helped out tremendously however I cant seem to break this cycle. I dont know if its a lack of willpower or maybe just my head is unable to slow down either way I am struggling with sobriety. ..I dont know what Im looking for here by posting this I think mainly I want to just get these words out for the first time in my life. Hopefully this is the small step that I need to take to admit my problem to myself and a world of people I dont know. My first child will be born in a few months and I know I need to get this under control before he arrives. Hopefully this is the change that I need to turn my life around but Im also scared that the stress will drive me to drink. ..Thank you for reading this.......
----------immediate responses--------

All I can say is I wish I had the chance you have right now. My drinking ended my marriage and I don't even receive pictures of my daughter anymore. I'm on my first day and I've been tempted for about the last hour to give in and just go get beer. But I don't want to. It feels easier to give in now because I've only been sober well today. So I figured I'd come on here in the hopes of a little inspiration and solidarity. I just wish I'd gathered the strength to quit before it made me lose everything. I hope that you can so you don't have to go through what I've gone through.
[deleted]
I've been there my friend.  All I can say is if you can start a day at a time it DOES get easier and it DOES get better.  Stuff falls away and you wont believe how you fooled yourself.  I read the Allen Carr book (see sidebar) during my first days and it really helped.  Good Luck plenty of smart caring people here will chime in soon with great ideas.
Thank you so much for posting...I am wondering about the possibility to change jobs? Stopping drinking if one of the requirements is drinking doesn't seem to fit...I don't recall if you mentioned stopping drinking but your story resonates with mine in a lot of ways and I tried for many years trying to "moderate" my drinking unsuccessfully and my drinking got progressively worse. Not telling you what to do just sharing my experiences :)..You will experience stress. Life has stress. When we don't drink we are forced to learn new healthier coping mechanisms. And stress is easier to manage sober. We can come up with solutions etc better when we are drunk. How much stress have we caused with our drinking?..Glad to hear your depression is working better with the meds. Just a warning you may not be reaping the full benefits because of the drinking. And alcohol is a depressant (which you know)...Visit the IRC channel at https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/ for additional support. You don't have to register. I found it helped a lot when I was thinking about whether or not I should stop drinking and when I decided to quit...Best of luck!
Hey you just described me!  Trust me life can be SO much better!  PM me if you have any questions or need to chat. ..Good luck!
I'm 47 and up until ten days ago I had been drinking almost daily for 30 years. You are very wise to get to this point now and not wait another ten years where your symptoms will be much worse. The anxiety and nightmares you describe are all symptoms of withdrawal. You can do this my friend.
Welcome /u/Gdizzle419 -- I think this is very good step.  I bet you can stop drinking.  Here's what I did and what I still do to stop drinking and get sober:..1. When I started getting sober (both times!) I began a practice of each morning--at the very moment that my eyes open to make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I dis this this morning.)..2. I go to AA meetings which made a big difference and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction...3. Tomorrow I do it again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory over the first couple of weeks should be the only goal.  In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required.  At all cost avoid "kindling" withdrawal symptoms...Posting and commenting on this subreddit has helped me stay accountable...Finally key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...In your case professional detox might be the best place to start.  
Welcome and yes you can stop drinking.  The first couple of days are hard for most people but it gets better...Spending a lot of time reading posts on this reddit has helped me tremendously.  I also exercised more meditated set goals and worked to accomplish them.
That took a lot of courage to post my friend so thank you for trusting us with your story. And as you may or may not know it is a story many of us are intimately familiar with because we lived it too. Pretty much every single word you wrote outside of you being a beer and wine salesman could have been written by me at one point. Oh and that you have a chance to have your child never know you as an alcoholic. That's a blessing that I only wish that I had again to take advantage of. ..All of us have different paths to sobriety but the one thing we all have in common here is that we have/had support in some form or fashion. This sub is a great support system and a wealth of "how to" knowledge. Poke around and read old posts and get a feel for what you can expect. Knowledge is power. I also started my sobriety in AA. Started going a couple of months before I quit drinking. It was there that I found the hope that maybe I could quit to and possibly live a life free from that demon bitch that was always whispering in my ear in the afternoon when I thought I had banished it in the morning.  And I now have that freedom.  And it's a wonderful feeling. ..You can do this my friend. You don't have to drink. You can be free..
Hope you try not drinking and join us in a better life.
What you described very clearly is active alcoholism.  I too was on the same merry-go-round that you described and was completely baffled as to why I just could not stop drinking.  Reading this certainly helped me and made me realize that I wasn't alone which was a help:..http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_chapt3.pdf..Like you I knew that I couldn't continue drinking the way I was.  Mentally and emotionally I was spent and my body was starting to show signs of all the abuse I was putting it through.  Despite all this I could not find a way to stop drinking...Things had to get so bad where I put myself into the position where I was willing to do anything to stop the pain.  It's funny I drank to forget the pain but it only caused more pain so I'd continue to drink.  The solution was also the cause of the problem.  ..Relief did not come for me until I accepted fully that I was completely powerless when it came to alcohol.  I can't describe what a sense of relief that was when I finally gave up the fight to try and control/rationalize/justify/ignore/hide my drinking.  In addition to surrender it was imperative that I ask for help because I couldn't stop on my own.  ..I hope this provides you some help even if to just confirm that you're not alone in what you are going through.  What you described is identical to where I was this day in August 2013..
This is a serious health problem you're dealing with. Make an appointment with your doctor and tell him what you told us. You also might want to check out some AA meetings.
You aren't alone.  Seek help from others.... you will be amazed by the compassion wisdom and orderly direction you can find from people who share this condition.  There is absolutely no shame in it.  I sincerely wish you the best.
If I can stop you can stop. Look into rehab. The FMLA is your friend. I know you are making an effort to hide your drinking from friends and family but if you drink like I did than there was no guiding it. Don't be afraid to ask for help. Above all continue to post here and know they you're loved.
[deleted]
I would recommend picking up a copy of Alcoholics Anonymous and reading it. I think you I'll find your story in the book. 
I'm 36 yrs old as well and share many other parallels to your story. I'm very early on in my sober journey and already doing wayyyy better. Did the first week suck? Shit yeah it did. But I knew I HAD to do this so I fought through it. I was a functioning addict for many years and in my last few years I became dysfunctional.  All areas of my life went to shit. Real fast too. I just decided to fight back bro. Fuck all that. I owe it to my daughter to be the father I know I can be. She sees the difference in me already and it's an amazing feeling. All I can say is start fighting my man. This is your life ya know!! Take control of the wheel brother!
I think that child is going to help you.  You have a big change ahead if you choose it when you're ready and that child will help you.  You've got a lifestyle change to make as well as a career change if you find you cannot stay sober in that environment.  ..I commend you for just typing it out.  It really is hard to not drink when you're in the industry.  Perhaps go speak to someone about this (counsellor) and check out an AA meeting just to try it out as well.  You meet people they can help you stay sober and introduce you to a new lifestyle and they may help you find a new job too...That child will help you make the changes you need.  Sometimes it takes a dependent to show us these things...I had crippling depression when I drank.  Just quitting and getting that poison out of my system helped me to see clearer and make better choices.  Maybe try quitting for 30 days and see what changes happen?  Do you think you can pull that off as a short-term challenge?  Tell work that you're on medication for a month?..
Hey man I know how you feel. I'm 38 and I can't *stop drinking* either. But by some crazy-ass twist of reality I find that I'm not drinking right now and so far I'm just shy of 9 months between sips. So tonight I don't have to *stop* drinking. All I have to do is *not start*. It's nothing short of a miracle that I've somehow moved from the former state to the latter but it is a miracle that is absolutely possible for you too. You've already made the first moves. You've been honest with yourself and with us and that takes major balls. You can feel good about that. In doing so you're asking for help. Also a very brave maneuver and also very necessary. Keep doing that. If you're anything like me then this is not about willpower and it's not about thinking. It is about DOING THINGS DIFFERENTLY. Follow some suggestions. /u/coolcrosby's advice is on point. It's what I do. It's worth a shot...
Go see a doctor they have a lot of options to help you. I had a doc prescribe me a 5 day step-down dose of Librium which helped ease my initial symptoms. Sounds to me like if you stop you experience withdrawal and it can be very dangerous and frightening. ..And yea changing careers might be a wise move. I was forced out of my career (fired) because of alcohol. At least you have the option of quitting gracefully and maintaining your professional integrity. 
Are you me? Because your post down to your age and history drinking precisely mirrors me. Good luck man - we can do this. Tomorrow is day one for me (again). I'm tired of setting dates and failing myself. This time it's for real or my liver will fall out of my abdomen. I am out of options.
you are me eight months ago. i'm 36 as well and for about 15 years once i turned it on i couldn't turn it off until i fell asleep or passed out cold (or did something so devastatingly embarrassing that i had to stop). i got in a drunk driving wreck and mangled my face and then continued to drink another decade mostly in secret. my wife had her own problem went to rehab and was clean for 3 three years before i got it together last january and stopped doing the same stupid thing over and over and over again.  ..it seems impossible at our age with our history with alcohol. i too work in bars a bunch as a touring musician. everybody's shitfaced in the biz and everybody goes drinking with everyone else and celebrates/curses  everything with a drink. ..it's not impossible. it's an attainable goal and i can assure you from experience life is better on the outside of the bottle. the first few months suck in a lot of ways (fucked up sleep appetite anxiety boredom cravings loss of fairweather friends/drinking buddies) but are really good for unmasking the reasons you drink in the first place and for really considering what kind of people you want to surround yourself with.  ..sometimes you have to be made to squirm and feel uncomfortable to make a positive change.  it's the most empowering thing i've ever personally done for myself.  if you can electively make a positive change in your life you'll be primed to tackle all the other stuff and make a good life for yourself. you deserve one. ..keep coming back keep reading and checking in. you can do it.
It's heartening to see so much sound advice already being given to you on this thread. I'm 39 and going through something similar myself. ..I guess the only thing I'd have to add to all of this is to just take things one day at a time. Everything you've described and all the great feedback you've received can be very overwhelming to take in all at once. Don't. Just focus on one day one hour one minute at a time if you have to. ..That's how people get and stay sober. At least that's what I keep telling myself and it's working so far.
If you wanna stop you have the power. ..You say you don't want to drink. What DO you want to do instead? 
Alcoholism is by far the biggest enigma I've ever dealt with and stopping drinking was the hardest thing I've ever done. As different as we are we all have much in common. Knowledge is your best weapon and reading about others' struggles will help. Learn as much as you can about alcoholism. There is a lot to know even alcoholics are surprisingly ignorant about alcoholism before they stop. A stint in an outpatient treatment program helped me learn quite a bit and helped in other ways too. It's hard but it's worth it even if you don't factor other people at all. It's worth it just doing it for yourself.
Congratulations on coming this far.  You won't solve this problem alone in your head. By all means see your doctor and get some help on the first few days. You've received some great suggestions already. I agree that AA would be a good choice for you. It's a relief to sit in a room full of ppl who are in a similar dilemma and have found sobriety. Keep us posted!
Dude stop drinking. Just do it you're still young.
Welcome...If you want to stop drinking you can. The question then becomes do you want to stay stopped and if so can you....To stay stopped I needed to change my way of being. To do that I needed help. I found that help in AA. It wasn't easy and I had to deal with people (quite a miracle considering where &amp; how I was--antisocial) but it wasn't so hard and after a while it became fun....Good luck on your journey into sobriety.
How have you been able to go to work whilst under the influence?
Would you consider entering a medically supervised detox to see you through the worst of the withdrawal symptoms?..You've had enough years of drinking under your belt that you could have some hidden health problems lurking the symptoms of which can come on suddenly and be life-threatening.  Just at the precipice of welcoming your baby into the world you will want to be healthy for that child who needs you so much.  You will want to be healthy for your wife as she enters new motherhood. She will need you to be strong and not sick.  ..I would also look for a new job that takes you away from a life where you are expected to drink.  You could sell anything if you know how to sell that is a transferable skill set.  ..
Thank you everyone for the great advice and support! I was not expecting any of these wonderful responses. I feel inspired and less alone in this struggle. I will get a badge very soon to start this journey. Thank you everyone!
[deleted]
No one can make you stop.  You need to make the choice for yourself.  A lot of people here like to sugarcoat things not this guy.  I have slipped a couple times in the last hear.  Am I a drunk? No.  Am I human? Yes.  I went from drinking a bottle 3 to 4 times a week to a beer every 6 months.  Am I cured? No.  Is there a cure? I don't know.  What do you need to do?  That's up to you.  I wish you the best.  What is more important  your life or a bottle?  When you answer that you will know where you stand and which direction to go.
Are you my twin brother? Me: 36 hard drinker since 18 2 maybe 3 bottles  of wine a night. Usually my wife says "You know I only had one glass of that" as I'm opening bottle number 2. People always say "Wow I didn't even notice you were drunk"...I recently have been developing stomach problems. I was on antibiotics and prednisone for 20 days for a sinus infection. The Dr and the bottle said "Don't drink alcohol" I almost said fuck this I'll live with the infection but decided to take the meds. I did not stop drinking. Couldn't even cut back. Went to a wedding during that time where I'm pretty sure I finished a bottle of Jonny Walker Black alone. I don't work around alcohol but am always around those who drink a lot. We are all smart people with good jobs and 2.5 kids but I don't seem to have that "off button" ya know? I'm worried about my future health. My dad is an ex-alcoholic (5 years sober) his father was a super drunk. 6am crack the beers. By noon at the bar for beer and shots. Dinner time was a bottle of something and he would sometimes piss himself and pass out in his chair. I'm scared of that too...I've never posted here or even replied to any post but you remind me of me so I'll keep a lookout for you here if you want to keep us up to date.
I was in an outpatient program and one person there for treatment of alcohol worked for a beer distribution company.  His upper management was aware of the situation and were supportive of him.  I know that could be really hard to do but if you think you might get judged by your co-workers or if they question you being able to work there I would not sweat it.  Good luck though I know those sleepless nights suck.
How's it been going?  Update? 
