-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e9w36/interesting_drinking_dream/

So I dreamed that I was in a Barnes and Noble looking for a t-shirt for my daughter.  Whatever it was supposed to be there.  And it wasn't!  And I was a little frustrated and I noticed there were samples of a beverage sitting out.  So I drank one and it was alcoholic.  Seconds later I had somehow found a bottle of vodka and was swigging out of it ridiculously fast...The funny thing about this one was that while I was feeling remorse and regret two thoughts crossed my mind *during* the dream:  "Welp I better call my sponsor and get myself to a meeting" (I was about to call when the dream shifted or I started to wake up) and "What triggered this relapse?  How can I prevent this from happening again?"  Words in my brain clear as a bell...LOL I guess I'm learning something!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow your drinking dream was very logical! Mine only one so far involved clowns and clown cars. To be fair I was only two weeks into sobriety and my mind was still a whirlwind. ..I love it though. You are doing all the right things even in your dream to combat the alcoholism. 
That's awesome. I really do think that drinking dreams are really useful to being sober. You get to experience what a relapse would feel like without actually relapsing. Any time you think of drinking just think of that shitty feeling and remember THAT WAS A DREAM! 
You have "recovered" drinking dreams /u/humblesunshine!  
&gt; "What triggered this relapse? How can I prevent this from happening again?" ..Evidence of progress.  If that happened to me in real life when I was drinking I wouldn't have batted an eye.  Drinking like that was normal.  Asking those questions after the knee jerk reaction and consuming so hard and so fast would have never came up...Its nice the relaspe was just a dream.  I would see this as a test of intentions that you passed even while dreaming!  A reminder that the slope is indeed slippery!  Gratz on 421 days!  definetly inspiring to me.
Funny how your sobriety is now seeping into your unconscious mind haha..I too have relapse dreams sometimes feeling so real I think they've actually happened when I wake up. I always feel that guilt and remorse over my decision
[deleted]
I has a crazy one last night where I blacked out and couldn't remember why I drank and what I did. I was trying to tell my partner and he was asking me to explain some drunkenly written '25 Questions' email I sent him. Crazy! Lots of drinking dreams lately and I don't know why?! Yours is pretty funny! You thought it through in your dream. I just felt ashamed... :)
