-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ead49/struggling_to_find_balance/

In the past two weeks I have been out of the house until 8:30pm or later most nights. I have spent very little time at home taking care of my responsibilities and spending time with my husband or some much needed time at the gym. My nights are full of AA meetings therapy and other appointments.  ...I need to find a balance...quality time with my husband exercise at the gym and time for my recovery.  One of the problems is the timeframe of most local AA meetings. Most start at 7pm. I work at 7:30 am weekdays. I don't want to cut back my AA meetings too much but there are only so many hours in the day!...Positive note: in 11 days I will be breaking brand new ground in my life. The longest I've gone without alcohol in the past 12 years is 105 days. September 2 will be day 106 for me totally clean and sober this time. My sponsor (a massage therapist) will be giving me a massage that day as my treat to myself. I will make it...one day at a time....I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your upcoming milestone that's awesome!..A lot of us have had the same problem. /u/JimBeamsHusband recently posted about his new hobbies taking up too much time from his wife. I frequently find I don't have enough hours in the day to do everything I want to do and my wife has complained about my recovery and hobbies keeping me away from her...Eventually you will probably just find a balance. Everything's pretty new for you right now and if you're like me you're just jumping head first into it all. It leveled out for me and just like everything else in a marriage the wife and I found a comfortable compromise-zone. Things are great...I won't drink today either. 
I go to AA and am a big believer in how important it is.  BUT...I believe AA is only one "spoke" in your recovery wheel.  I look at recovery like a bicycle wheel.  The wheel's shape and thus usefulness is secured by the many spokes within.  Each spoke is just as important to the overall health of that wheel.  If one spoke brakes or gets neglected the wheel has many others to help carry the load until it gets fixed...Similarly in recovery I try to have many spokes.  AA diet exercise therapy books /r/stopdrinking and other communities my children my family my friends other charity work I do etc.  I am not able to be "perfect" with all of these every day but they are all there for me and serve a purpose.  This way if one of those things is not going well in my life (i.e. I am having relationship problems with my wife) it won't cause my sobriety "wheel" to fail because I have many other spokes in the wheel to take on the extra load until I fix that particular one...I don't know if there is anything useful in there but your post made me think of my recovery wheel and the spokes.... :)
I was at a point where I was feeling like there wasnt enough time in the day to live a normal life and attend my therapy (what I use AA for).  I took a couple weeks off and practiced the wisdom I had been hearing in the AA meetings.  For me it was one thing to focus on my sobriety by constantly surrounding my self with it and another to actually practice all the lessons.  In that couple of weeks I simply stayed sober and tried my best to be as honest as I was in the meetings.  That was enough for me to find my balance and catch a breath of fresh air in my sobriety.  I learned a few things about how to cope with situations when I didnt have the easy resource my therapy gave me.  Trading one addiction for another isnt exactly healthy for myself...If you could wait to break your record and then mix it up go for it.  When I break records its a huge motivation to keep it up.  Also after I break a barrier the anxiety of the unknown is muted I am confident I can face the next challenge!  Why I just completed a challenge the next one will be completed as well.  Bring it...Exersise is good anyway you put it.  Many times I feel down in the dumps and just go lift or hit the treadmill.  When Im done I feel tired and my issues for feeling down are small and insignificant...Gratz on 95 days!  Keep up the good work!!  :D
Congrats Nonny! You're going to make 106 and 1006 no doubt in my mind. Thanks for all the support you've offered to me and others. You are such an important part of this sub...Have you thought about maybe setting aside date night with your hubby? Then you know no matter where the week's activities take you that night will just be about you and him. You can go see a movie do an activity like wall climbing or bowling go out to dinner or just go for a walk or watch a movie with some popcorn and a blanket on the couch. The main thing is it is just time once a week for you two to connect and just concentrate on eachother...Whatever you decide please keep us updated! You are amazing. Never leave us!
