-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ebgzf/new_and_hopeful/

Hello.Pretty glad I found this reddit. I'm only 23...went hard from 18-22. It started out as a social thing (thought I was cool) then next thing I know I'm sitting at home smashed wallowing in my own misery with of course zero friends. The past couple year Ive been lucky to have found a very supportive partner (whom struggles with the same issues) and over the past year have drastically cut my intake. I also got diagnosed with bipolar this past year so I've been trying my best to take it easy. But still it has still been a habit of mine to drink at least everyday. I may not get drunk but beer sure does taste fucking good. This cancels out my medicine of course. So basically if I'm not buzzed/drunk I'm a bitch. If I'm hungover I'm a bitch. I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired...It has been 6 days since my last drink and so far my inner bitch has been pretty much non existent. I'm laughing the house is clean and I feel really good. Almost too good. Today I'm physically exhausted from the day but my mind is going nuts and I really want a beer. ..Reading quite a few of these posts has really helped with me in the past few hours. Beer although very tasty and refreshing is not what I need. I know exercising (not my favorite) and reading will help keep the mind at bay but does anyone have any suggestions to get over this first week-two week hump?..Czizzle...................
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome Czizzle! Kudos for six days. Step to the sidebar and get a badge if you're interested in a little "flair".------------------------------------&gt;..There are Saturday Share stories in the sidebar and a link to the chatroom as well. I went to a lot of AA meetings in early sobriety and they helped me a great deal. Eating something sweet alleviates cravings. Getting outside in the fresh air even for a short time is refreshing. Binging on movies or TV series on Netflix is a favorite of many. ..Thanks for your post. Nice to meet you.
Welcome /u/Czizzle -- this is my last comment for the evening I just wanted to wish you well and let you know if you glance through my comment history you will frequently see that I post "baby steps" to stopping drinking and getting sober these are those:  ..1. Each morning--at the very moment that my eyes open I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I dis this this morning.)..2. AA meetings have made a big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it all over again...Getting to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required. At all cost avoid "kindling" withdrawal symptoms by continuing to drink...Posting and commenting on this subreddit has helped me stay accountable. Finally key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...Good luck to you and I hope you jump right into the SD pool!
Thanks for the warm welcome! It's very nice to meet you all too. So far so good. 7 days now!! Let the netflix binge begin hahaha..Czizzle
