-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ebrke/depression_who_has_it_what_happened_when_you/

Day 15.  I have struggled with Depression my whole life - I can remember it starting in about the 6th grade.  The reason for me starting this way is there is a difference of feeling depressed and depression.  I hated the diagnosis but I understand now that I am one of a small group of people who will take meds the rest of their life.  The diagnosis is Manic depression with major and minor episodes - it doesn't ever truly go away.  ..For others with similar diagnosis How did this impact your sobriety?  As I go into Day 15 - I have the blues - Truly do not feel like doing anything.  I force 15 mins and at the end - I ask do I want to keep going the answer has been nope-  Very tired reflective.  Im not certain if this is depression or a mind trying to figure out what to do sober.  Did your medication need changed?  
----------immediate responses--------

Me. It went away with sobriety and treatment. ..
Me.  Weened off meds at 3 months sober and felt great for almost 2 years.  Went back on them recently because i felt i needed them.  Will hopefully get through this spell soon but depression is way easier to manage for me sober.
For me sobriety has opened the door to the possibility of living a more healthy and happy life. Drinking only kept that door shut.  .If you ask me I'd rather be depressed and not drinking than depressed and drinking. If you choose the latter you will _never_ allow yourself to become better/happier. I would suggest some sort of therapy and/or counseling as it will help you develop new habits and tools to deal with your mental illness. I hope this helps.
I've also suffered with depression my whole life and will have to take medication for the rest of my life. I self-medicated with alcohol and drugs for years and I'm three weeks dry tomorrow...I've been blue but just trying to distract myself. Mainly sewing baking walking. Anything really. I don't want to get out of bed in the morning but I know not getting out of bed is not going to do me any good. ..I was hoping to feel 'healthier' but really I don't feel much different at all physically as of yet. I'm seeing a regular psychotherapist and my medication has been increased.
I do not suffer from depression but I know many sober people in recovery who do. They all report that they were unable to effectively *begin* treatment through therapy or/and medication until they were completely sober for an extended period of time. I've watched them get better. It's possible.
I used to think I drank because I was depressed but realized quickly that it was the other way round.
I've dealt with depression since I was 12 around the same time. I realized that being sober allowed me to feel true happiness again along with the whole array of emotions. I learned that when I drink I would always want to numb the bad/ sad emotions but then happiness was impossible. We can't selectively numb... and personally I'd rather feel it all because I feel alive then feel nothing. I've also been on antidepressants again for about 6 months with regular exercise. Healthy coping has always been a struggle it gets better though   
I too have been depressed my whole life...  I felt much much better with quitting - not wanting to die anymore - but still struggled with my moods and lack of motivation and focus. This past month I started a light antidepressant and I feel like I've finally turned a corner. It's such a relief. I take daily inconveniences in stride and feel like I can cope with stuff so much better and I'm smiling more and laughing more easily. 
Although I've been diagnosed as bipolar and have taken antidepressants and a mood.stabilizer in the past I have been unmediated for about ten years now. I can't tell you how sobriety impacts medication but I can tell you how sobriety affected my mood in general...After consuming liquor on virtually a daily basis for 18 years recently I decided to take a break from drinking in order to lose some weight. After a couple of weeks I felt like someone was sneaking into my bedroom at night and injecting me with serum. Subtracting liquor impacted my mood far more than medication or.counseling ever did. ..I can't say for sure if sobriety will lead you to a light at the end of the tunnel like it did with me but I can say that liquor is almost certainly making your condition worse. Have you tried exercising? An hour per day on the treadmill 3-4 times per week has helped me.
Well I'm still depressed. My first psych hospitalization was around 12ish so I understand where you're coming from with the life-long depression thing. I will always need medications and my medications will always be atypical from the usual token SSRI (I take a cocktail closer to someone who has been diagnosed as bipolar) -- and yes they've needed adjustment over the last four-ish months that I've been sober...However you're still in very early sobriety. There is some evidence that excessive alcohol consumption messes with neurotransmitters like dopamine. The blues that you're feeling could be your normal depression could be your brain adjusting to not having the flood of dopamine that it usually gets when you're drunk or (probably?) some combination of the two. See your psychiatrist. Get a therapist if you want. Don't overthink the chicken or the egg when it comes to why you're feeling what you're feeling and just find something that makes you feel better y'know?
[deleted]
I'm still depressed. I have never been diagnosed with anything other than major depressive disorder. Really need to make some appointments to work on that. I dropped my meds prior to getting sober. However I should get back on them. Staying sober while depressed is challenging.
