-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eipb2/struggling_to_hang_on/

I'm a little over 2 months in. My girlfriend and I split up today. I can't think of very many reasons to stay sober right now. I'm devastated she was the only good thing I had left and now I've lost her too. ..Update...I made it till the morning. It was probably just luck that I didn't have any around and that everywhere was closed. I really wanted to drink I still kind of do but in the back of my mind I know that doing that would just be a childish response and would probably only exacerbate my situation. I think I realize now more than ever what it means to have an addict brain. It wasn't alcohol that ruined this relationship it was internet porn. I kind of wish it had been booze it would be easier for me to excuse. I have so much work to do. I have so far to go before I'll be anything that resembles a healthy stable person who is capable of maintaining a relationship and I've lost so much time already. I feel very discouraged today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Borrow one of my reasons if it suits you:..So that the next girlfriend I have will never have to see me as a drunk asshole so that I can be present for myself and for her and genuinely happy...Drinking won't bring your girlfriend back. It might lead to some embarrassing/shameful texts or phone calls or worse in my experience.
Getting drunk will not help this in any way.   None...its just an excuse so is monday.   
I am not going to drink TODAY I can drink tomorrow if I want but not TODAY.
It sucks but getting drunk isn't going to change what is. There is a reason you quit drinking. Part of it may have been for her but what about the parts that were just for you? Be selfish and stay by your choices. Think about the benefits. Your health physical and mental. Your wallet. And your progress. Good luck dude
I can think of 64 reasons; don't throw those days away.  ..Look you've got almost 12000 days of wisdom so far that have come forth to help you.  The pain is there and right now it must REALLY suck but drinking won't solve anything...Stay strong and embrace the moment.  You can do this and stay sober.
I have an aa meeting in two hours and I'm just holding on long enough to get to a meeting. I'm about 40 days sober and I don't want to go back to zero days sober..Go to a meeting or call someone.
I'm sorry you're having to go through this and so early in sobriety too. My SO and I broke up a month ago and it sucks. Here are my reasons for not drinking despite the shitfest that is a breakup:..1) Self respect. I really don't want to fall to pieces and turn into a drunken mess over a breakup..2) Drinking -&gt; Decreased inhibition -&gt; Increased likelihood of really embarrassing drunken texts/phone calls. Uh just no..3) I'm not quite ready to become a crazy old cat lady just yet so I have to assume there will be another partner somewhere down the road and I don't want to burden whoever that may be with an alcoholic...&gt; I'm devastated she was the only good thing I had left and now I've lost her too...I'm not sure you want to hear this right now but here goes: Being the only good thing in someone's life is fucking exhausting and leads to all kinds of fucked up dynamics. Do yourself a favor be good to yourself and start building lots of other good things in your life...Hang in there you can get through this too.
Today already sucks - no need to make it suck more by drinking.  Just make it to tomorrow and take it from there  &lt;3
She isn't the only thing you have left time to discover YOU independent of anyone else. Time to discover and cultivate an inner strength that will not depend on others. You are the best reason to stay sober. When all else fails stay sober out of spite.....it got me through a 3 month rough patch.
