-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ekb5w/i_need_to_accept_that_im_not_normal/

I just needed to write this up while I'm by myself for the next hour to keep my mind focused on my sobriety. Sorry for the wall of text....Past week has been rough. No specific reason nothing terrible or even really bad is going on except in my head....Started last week with my ptsd "flaring up." Was in the army and all that fun stuff. Last week I was having bad nightmares every time I'd go to sleep so I wasn't getting much sleep. These led to just constant intrusive thoughts CONSTANT. I was trying to pick out an anniversary gift for the GF and I go to thinking of war BS. And don't get me started on trying to drive. All that was leading me to being depressed which was leading me to not eating etc etc. I've been aware I've been fucking up the deal they always say in recovery of the most important things being sleeping eating and all that jazz but I've just been feeling hopeless in it even things I can control like eating...How this relates to my alcoholism is that my solution was going back to what it always has been drinking. I didn't have dreams when I was blacking out every night I might have intrusive thoughts but I'd just end up forgetting about them while mostly blacked out and don't even remember my dealing with them. You know all of those "positive"  things alcohol did for me basically just a spiral of addict thinking. ...I just kept myself cognitively aware of what was happening and reminding myself the alcohol really is not an option or an answer no matter how much my brain wants to fight me on that. I was looking out all week for someone to talk to but being shy couldn't quite find anyone in AA (which I simi-recently started attending) or my probation mandated intensive outpatient treatment to talk to. I just couldn't bring myself to talk to a relative stranger on the matter even though they were the only one's available who would understand. So I finally ended up opening up to my GF whom I live with. She is supportive she really is but she just does not understand what ever that really means. ..Anyway she goes on to question why am I feeling bad? what's making me? it's not something she did right? am I sure it's not something she did? am I positive? what can she do? etc etc. I took it for what it was worth and luckily a few days later my mind calmed down and I was back to being myself. This was around last Thurs I went to an AA meeting Fri and actually shared (which is rare for me) and was doing alright. Well I get a call from my mother who had a groupon expiring for a stay at a local swanky hotel that she was offering. I said no the conversation in my head went "what's there really to do at a hotel but to sit around and drink?." She left the offer open and I mentioned it to my GF. Well she wanted to go we never go out anymore now that I quit drinking so we should. ..I didn't put up a fight I just want to be a normal person and do things that normal people do and also make her happy. So we get all dolled up and go last night. We got there and went to the hotel restaurant which ended up being essentially one long ass bar. The menu was mainly focused on drinks. In all honesty I wanted to run  just go home where it's safe and quiet. But part of me just wanted to be fucking normal not have another night dictated by my alcoholism. We sit at the bar and order food the waiter/bartender must have asked me 6 times what I wanted to drink handing me different drink menus and GOD did I want one from then on it was all that was on my mind all night. We went to play pool while waiting on food I'm staring at rings from drink stains wishing one could be mine. I was very much so disconnected and just choked down the food and left. We went back to the room and watched a movie in bed I couldn't tell you what about all I could think of is if I could sneak in a drink I mean it's not like it would be a big deal right? All night and all day my mind has been consumed by thoughts of drinking. The cravings are miserable.  Went to an AA meeting today and started mentally projecting my struggle on everyone else thoughts like "they would have succumbed if they were in my situation so it's okay for me to."..I talked to my GF over lunch and she said what I knew she would say how she should have known and it's her fault for not. And I really want to sit here and blame her I mean this is the third extremely high risk situation in 5 months of sobriety that I have got in at her behest. But I know that thinking is all a crock of shit as well. I knew beforehand it was going to be rough and it's not up to anyone but me to keep myself sober. My thoughts every time go to wanting to be "normal." I mean people go out to these places and only have 1 or 2 drinks why can't I just go and have none at all? I guess I keep catching myself just not wanting to be a special snowflake I don't want people to not drink because I'm around I don't want them to have to forego a fun night out due to me I don't want them to feel like they have to drop everything and attend to me when I'm down or craving. I want to be a normal 23 year old but time and time again I keep being shown that I need to accept that I'm obviously not.....
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone...You can stand up for your recovery by telling your girlfriend it's not OK to be going to these places right now...At some point in my recovery it became OK to pick and choose certain social events where there was drinking to return to. For me that happened after a year and a half sober not before. I was very sensitive as you describe before that point and was miserable every time. There's nothing wrong about standing up for your recovery. It's your life...I got sober at 24 there's plenty of life left to live sober. ..Yes people go to events and have 1 or 2. Eventually I have faith that if you take care of yourself and do what's right for your recovery you like me will be able to go to these events and hang out comfortably with people that have 1 or 2. But honestly it sounds like not now...Also you're describing PTSD. Are you seeing a counselor? That is some real shit. I've talked with people who successfully were able to significantly dampen their PTSD symptoms while in sobriety with a good well trained therapist. I will ask them what they did. Being sober and 'keeping your chin up' may not fix that stuff. It's a real condition separate from the rest.
You have real issues but they do not have to be reasons to drink...(if only because drinking is not going to make it any better.)..An excuse is your scumbag brain's way of trying to pick the lock of your sobriety.  Today here I have seen "my wife is away" posted as an excuse begging to be drunk to.  Monday is another but they are  all the same. excuses...I have no advice on PTSD except that some of the programs seem pretty good - and the one I know of integrated AA meetings into the other programming for whatever that's worth.... 
I'm sorry you're having a rough time at the moment. That sounds like a really tricky situation to be in as a recovering alcoholic. My husband and I are experiencing the same thing - we've ceased to go out now that I don't drink. Good for you for staying strong and not taking it out on your SO...I don't know what your situation is as far as insurance or seeing a doctor is but I have recently been prescribed Prazosin to help ease my nightmares and night-terrors. In higher doses the drug is used to treat  high blood pressure but lower doses are used to treat nightmares and help symptoms of PTSD. They haven't made the dreams cease but they have kicked down the intensity of them a couple of notches. Kind of like taking the dreams from an R rating to a PG. Maybe if possible you could speak to someone about it? I paid $20 to join the prescription savings plan at Walgreens and a months worth of this medication cost me $10. Cheap as chips and worry every penny...I totally understand the sentiment of wishing you were a normal twenty something - I'm right there with you...Stay strong.
Thanks so much for sharing your story with us. I flirted with the idea of staying clean in my early twenties. My reasons weren't sincere enough. I decided I valued being able to drink "like normal people" because sobriety seemed to be some admission that I wasn't normal. I don't know what I was so afraid of. As I get closer to 30 I am starting to see with increasing clarity that I've spent my twenties lying to myself telling myself that I am perfectly normal. I am certainly not normal. At nearly 28 I feel I accomplish something great just by eating regularly getting over 6 hours of sleep and brushing my teeth 3 times a day. The thing I value now isn't actually being normal it is adhering to a regular routine every day and taking care of myself. That's what makes me feel safe. I accept the fact that pretending to be normal and trying to drink like a non-alcoholic person will in fact kill me. In the past it has only ever caused me personal injury many close calls with law enforcement ruined relationships embarrassment intense loneliness and anxiety/depression. I have to hope that owning the fact that I am not normal and embracing it is going to be my salvation. ..You've done an awesome thing by writing this. You are very aware of the problems you face and you're doing the right thing by confronting them. You're stronger than a lot of people who are faced with the same problems. ..
I think when you get cravings like that you have to really think where they will lead too. For me I have to take myself out of the moment and think into the future. "if i drank this right now it would lead to this and I would have to do more work(at quitting) and suffer more pain and anxiety because of it"
This is not about recreational drug use so please no one take it that way...When MDMA was first recognized as a psychoactive drug it was principally used as psychotherapeutic tool for people in your situation PTSD. If you can find a licensed professional doing a study or if the powers that be permit this as a medical intervention (sadly unlikely) it has a fairly high safety and efficacy track record if used correctly. More information here: http://mdmaptsd.org/. You should keep an eye on this...In any event 'normality' does not exist. Every person has their own journey and path to walk and it is never easy. You have this set of problems but there are problems that you don't have that these 'normal people' probably find debilitating. Thinking in this manner closes you off from people. I think one of the best things you can do for yourself is to recognize that it is our flaws that connect us to one another.
