-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2emdhc/time_to_go_to_work/

Second day since my relapse that lasted several weeks still feeling terrible.  I'm afraid to go to work because my boss knows about my drinking past but gave me a second chance.  I got almost no sleep last night and I planned on going to AA tonight but my dad wants me to come over on top of that I am dead tired and I just want to lay down and let my body recover.  ..I won't lie I am still having that inner struggle.  I can't honestly say if I'll come home empty handed this afternoon from work.  I think there might be a bottle in my hand.  I can't stand the shakes or the clammy sweats I get when I am going through withdrawal.  I hate the feeling of having an empty stomach and barely being able to keep down water.  If I drink my appetite comes back and I can get those nutrients in me...Anyways I have to get going.  I'll check this post in a couple of hours or so.
----------immediate responses--------

If I want to stop drinking: I make a decision not to drink TODAY all day no matter what and I doggedly keep my commitment to myself.  I don't make excuses for not going to my recovery meeting.  My sobriety is my priority above all else--because the evidence derived from my life is that there won't be much else if I don't get and stay sober.  
I can relate to those feelings. I spent basically a decade trying and relapsing before I got anywhere near where I am today. Remember you may have to go through some difficult first days but if you get through them you don't ever *have* to do them again. Today just might be as good a day as any other. Is your dad someone you can be honest with about what you're going through? Good luck at work today. 
It's wise to let your body recover first and foremost. I relapsed last week and just started recovering yesterday. I feel 100x better though and I didn't get the laying in bed sick for 4 or 5 days like I usually do. I'll tell you what: water is your friend. There's no magic hangover cure. I drank water all day at work. Probably 2 gallons. I also took a multivitamin some milk thistle (which I guess is supposed to help detox the liver) and ate some food. My sleep last night was interrupted a couple times but that's to be expected. I didn't get the crazy sweats or anything either. After 7 hours of sleep I feel great. Water does wonderful things for you! Please keep us updated on your job situation!
&gt;I planned on going to AA tonight but my dad wants me to come over on top of that I am dead tired and I just want to lay down and let my body recover. ..&gt;I won't lie I am still having that inner struggle. I can't honestly say if I'll come home empty handed this afternoon from work. ..At the risk of being too blunt for some here...this is what I would call Planning Your Relapse.  This is BS and the easy way out.  You are too smart for this kind of crap.  ..Could you consider thinking about your situation in the following way with what I would call a Plan For Your Recovery:.. - I'm dead tired and my dad wants me to come over tonight but you know I am going to put my sobriety as #1 and right now I need sober people places and meetings.  So I will tell my family "no" tonight and I will get to a meeting... - My mind is telling me some things are ok to do right now but I realize that my mind is currently sick with a disease so I am going to reach out to someone who has sobriety; has been through what I am going through; and do what that person suggests even if my brain tells me it won't help... - Speaking of my fucked up brain can you believe what it is telling me right now?  It is telling me that if I drink alcohol my appetite will come back and I will be able to get nourishment.  Ha!  It is actually telling me to put the poison that has been killing me into my body as a way to get healthy!!!!  And the even funnier thing is....I am considering it right now.  If that isn't proof that I can't trust my own thinking I don't know what is... - I won't lie I am still having inner struggles but I know this is what happens in early recovery and I am going to do whatever it takes to go to bed tonight just tonight sober so I can start another day tomorrow..
&gt;If I drink my appetite comes back and I can get those nutrients in me...Tough love time:  This is a very poor excuse to drink.  If you drink you will continue to crave to drink.  In a day or two time your appetite will come back.  It's better to skip food for one day than draw yourself back into another multi-week bender.  Make a post before you leave work.  Do something to hold yourself accountable. ..Make yourself go to that meeting and tell people you want to drink.  When I do that it helps diffuse the desire to drink in me.  ..Let us know how it goes!  We are pulling for you!  You can do it! :)
Go see a doctor you are ill. You are sicker than you can imagine...Fuck your plans consider that you are in a life an death struggle and death has you fooled that it's not that big a deal it's just one drink it will be different this time all you need is one then you can eat you'll feel better if you just have one...Perhaps you might consider what I've said or perhaps not. It's in your hands good luck.
