-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eq5b5/trying_to_fix_my_really_bad_attitude/

Hey guys i've been having trouble adjusting my attitude lately. I was sober for a while and after a while I developed this delusional addict mentality that I didn't care what happened to me anymore so I relapsed. I know I'm on a bad path I just have trouble adjusting my attitude. What kind of things did you do to get out of this mentality? I usually start out the day saying I'm not going to keep doing this to myself. Then at the end of the day I say fuck it and start drinking. I think I might go do something else tonight like go to a coffee shop or somewhere with alcohol to try and break the chain. 
----------immediate responses--------

I find that listing out things I am grateful for (or could be grateful for) helps.  Getting that feeling of gratitude/thankfulness helps me.  Also reading some positive literature watching youtube videos of motivational stories etc..  There is a lot of inspiration out there!  Coffee shops are a good ideal lots of conversations/people watching.  Bring a pad of paper or book and draw write etc (if you're into that sort of thing).
AA: The Attitude Adjuster..Also known as...Alcoholics Anonymous..Seriously this worked for me!.
Snapping out of that is tough!! You want out whilst justifying staying in the funk. It's maddening! I'm describing my own experience with it. I resolved it through meditation and it really was just a conscious decision that I deserved to feel better about the decisions I have made going forward I chose not to beat myself up over what I have done to lead to this effort as it is a huge undertaking on it's own and need not be hampered or made more difficult by ruminating on the past. I personally don't have the brain power to balance those two trains of thought.  You literally have to pick one or the other get some blinders and start putting one foot in front of the other when you have created some distance with your steps the blinders slowly are removed and when you peek back you will be impressed at how far you have come.
http://www.fiveminutejournal.com/..Get yourself one of these. Seriously. It has changed my life for the better. There's an app too if you are of the 'iP' persuasion.
Do not attempt to fix something that you don't have the instructions for...Accept that your attitude is broken and go do the sober things you know to be effective.  Go to a support group like AA or similar. Think with your feet for a while and give your brain a rest.
