-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eqqog/first_meetings/

After my recent relapse I went to an AA meeting on Monday and a SMART meeting on Tuesday (yesterday).  ..I don't know enough of either of the programs to truly decided which one is the best or maybe a combination of both.  ..AA was my first ever *group meeting*.  I needed to be away from the house and there was a beginners session few blocks away.  The overall meeting was very positive - lots of stories were shared and I could related to most of them.  The group was big (25+) attended by very early starters (like me) to people with decade of being sober.  It was a safe place and it felt right at the time.  I'm not religious but it didn't *bug* me.  I was there for my reasons and I wasn't forced to do anything I didn't want to....SMART meeting.  Having been to an AA meeting I kind of knew somewhat what to expect.  The group was a lot smaller interactive and constructive.  We all shared our background followed by Q&A for follow-up and then did a group exercise.  I found the exercise most useful since we did it as a group.  I was able to relate to most of points raised and learned new ones.  The insight into other thoughts really helped me.   Overall I felt that I *did* a lot more with my 90 minutes with a productive group...I'm still going to keep trying both and for now just stay focused on today.  ..Only writing this post for accountability.
----------immediate responses--------

Dude! That's an amazing first few steps especially coming off a relapse. For me it was really helpful to establish regular meetings where folks would miss me if I wasn't present and where I could gradually build close relationships with other alcoholics who when I needed to I could call just to talk to. I also got an AA sponsor something AA meetings are pretty adamant about encouraging.  Getting a sponsor was the beginning of my connection to real sobriety (as opposed to just being "dry")...And awesome accountability!
Hello. Although you are writing this post for accountability rest assured reading your experience helps others so thanks. The steps of AA are the "program" so to speak. When I started working the steps I felt very productive in my own recovery. Your willingness and open mind are good signs!
Wow you are the newcomer icon of sobriety!  Good for you.  This is called acting your way into better thinking.
Great work!  I wish more new people were as open to the idea of support groups I think they are so important to get you started on the right path.  I used a combo of AA Smart online and group therapy.  I found valuable information in all of them.  
[deleted]
&gt;Only writing this post for accountability..Consider yourself accounted for.  Congrats on the days congrats on the meetings...May your feet be set on the path you seek.
