-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2es3ng/panic_attack_need_advice/

I went to my 4th AA meeting tonight after a particularly good meeting yesterday. I felt really strange and was beginning to wonder why I was there. I was the last person to speak. It was a really heavy meeting the speaker was a young guy who talked about his suicidal depression. People were positive in the audience. It was a really young meeting though for the most part. I began to feel like I didn't belong and started getting panicky. I rushed home afterwards and walked into my apartment only to realize that it was painted today by the new management. I had a panic attack when I saw it the painters did a horribly shitty job and I felt this horrible anger. I tried getting on the internet so I could go on this sub but I saw that the painters also disconnected the internet for no reason. They also fucked up a few things in my room. I was struggling to get the internet back (because I'm probably addicted to that too) and when it wasn't going on I felt this terrible isolation. Flashbacks of my ex girlfriend and all the things I did while binging were choking me. ..I thought I was doing alright these past few days but I'm all over the place at the slightest little problem. I can't go to another meeting tomorrow because I need to pack up all my things before my parents arrive tomorrow to help me move. ..I tried calling one of my AA friends I met the other day a really nice guy but he wasn't picking up. I left him a weird voicemail...anyways I ended up getting the internet back and I sent him a text telling him it was a false alarm. ..Does anyone feel a weird emptiness right when the detox starts to wear off? It felt like I experienced a dry drunk tonight. I really didn't like it. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is common for many reasons.  You're living life on new terms it may take time to get your feet firmly planted on the ground.  As an alcoholic I came to a point where alcohol was calling the shots; it stands to reason that my addiction would go quietly.  That's when the brain starts churning out the excuses.  That feeling of not fitting in...don't be surprised you are an alcoholic right?
Hang in there.  ..You're only on day 3 and in the midst of a shit storm with withdrawals/detox both physical and psychological.  The physical aspect should be over in the few couple days; then the real work begins...And yes I've felt the same.  It will pass.  I would be mindful of making drastic decisions at this time with all that's going on though...You Got This Charge On.
On Day 3 I was still having horrible panic attacks out of the blue. Even into Day 5 I had them. Your nervous system is freaking out because the alcohol depresses it and when there's no alcohol it starts firing double time which causes shakes and anxiety....and those ridiculous panic attacks that leave you paralyzed with fear and dread...The good news is they pretty much disappear by the second week. I have some mild anxiety in the morning when I first wake up but after 20 mins it's totally gone and I feel great - peaceful and capable - for the rest of the day...Just gut out the next few days and it will feel much easier. Good luck. Keep posting.
For my first couple of weeks I had really bad anxiety.  I think in the first month I actually drove myself to sit in the hospital parking lot because I was feeling so intensely bad.  I hit five months a couple of days ago and those days are long behind me.  It gets better with some time.
Been there like others have said it takes time for the brain to 'normalize' and in the interim it can be pretty darn uncomfortable.  Hang in there because it too shall pass.  Took me a few weeks to start feeling level when I got sober.
