-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2esc66/this_is_the_end_of_day_2/

Hi All I'm new here (obviously).  It's the night of Day 2 for me. It's gone well so far. I'm feeling a bit of anxiety and have been sleepless. (Insomnia is normal for me though). I've done a ton of research so I kinda know what to expect as far as symptoms go. I guess I'd just feel more than I do right now. NOT COMPLAINING! I just feel numb. ..Been drinking 9-12 or more beers daily for about 7 years. Ready to feel healthy again. I've gained 50 pounds in this time. I don't remember most evenings. I'm not struggling at work or anything but I kept finding myself trying to figure out a way to get home to start drinking. So stupid. ..And the money I've wastes over the years. Sick. ..Monday was my wedding anniversary. My husband and I decided to give ourselves a gift. The gift of sobriety. ..So...here goes. ..PS: to the person out there who gets up every morning and make a promise to yourself to not drink today I'll be trying this. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm happy for you and your husband! What is your plan going forward? I've found that having a concrete plan has helped when I get in situations that seem overwhelming. 
It is good that you are supporting each other but like others have said be careful. I was sober a year a while back and my wife had over 2 years. We became too dependent on each other and relapsed the same day feel like dominoes.
The first few days can be rough - it does get better...Some tips:..- make sure you are eating a good amount and feel free to indulge in sweets / sugars (this is part of your body adjusting)..- drink plenty of water..- multivitamins are key as is B-12 in particular...If you are having cravings try to use this acronym: HALT.  Are you:..- H - Hungry?  (have a snack)..- A - Angry? (take a walk put on a relaxing favorite song)..- L - Lonely? (talk to someone post on here)..- T - Tired? (take a nap)..Good luck + hang in there + keep posting!.
Welcome /u/Shandyb -- I'm just now catching up with (what for me are) the overnight posts.  I just wanted to add my standard post of the "baby steps" in the hope that you and yours can find something in them that can be adapted to your purposes:..1. Each morning--at the very instant that my eyes open *I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad.* When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I did this this morning.)..2. I go to AA meetings and AA made a big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required...Posting and commenting on SD has helped me stay accountable. Finally the key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...Good luck I hope you jump right in and start posting and commenting as you go along.
