-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eslrv/its_easy_until_its_hard/

Well...I'm back at it after 8+ months sober and maybe 4 or 5 weeks of relapse. I can't say if I've read or heard these words from a friend...but it's true. Sobriety was *really* easy for a good long while. I went 6 months without even trying really. But then I let my guard down let certain things change and low an behold I was back in my old patterns. It's so surprising how easily they come back...but 5 years of stopping at the same liquor store every day trumps 8 months of passing it up I suppose. I went from laughing at my "former" self's behavior to sliding right back into it in a matter of days. Gosh that's really all I have to say. It's a lesson in how tenuous and fragile sobriety really is for me - hopefully I can get squared away and back into healthy habits ASAP. Thanks for listening :)
----------immediate responses--------

For every alcoholic there comes a time when we have no mental or physical defense against that first drink. That is why we need tools outside of ourselves! 
Welcome back. :)
All I can say is I know exactly how you feel. It's so easy to forget all the bad things and just recall the good times. 
Glad to have you back and thanks for your testimony. Recovery work is like an insurance policy. I pay into it regularly to have a kind of shield that I only need once in a blue moon. But I am certain that I need this shield. My own experience and the experience of others tells me so.
I'm glad you made it back--some never do. I used this analogy yesterday but I like it: Recovery is like swimming in a pool. I can push off the wall and go really fast but eventually I slow to a stop. I need to either sink or swim. Support groups I actively participate in have taught me how to swim. 
Welcome back glad you made it before you cratered...Not sure what your path was but it does not sound as though it included Smart or AA meetings therapy etc to change the part of you that somehow needs to fill that black hole with drink...Recovery can be easy - it certainly is easier than continuing to drink - and after a certain point it becomes the new reality.  The point of AA and the like is to get you to a point where you have tools and people to fall back on when the shit gets deep...Find your path be glad this post did not include hospitals of jail...
Welcome back /u/jjjjjustin!  Let's do it!
Welcome back and thanks for posting as it is a great warning for how easy it is to fall right back into the same pit of addiction.  
Its posts like this and storys from the old timers in AA that keep me honest with my thoughts and feelings.  I feel really good now that I am sober but when the confidence is starting to create its own logic I remind myself to take a step back and breathe back to reality.  There are certain truths I knew about myself at one point and have now taken with faith to be personal fact.  If I want the rest of my life I can have it.  If I want to drink I can drink.  I cannot have both though.  Its just the way it is and is going to be.  Personal fact...Welcome back!  You know what it takes to be sober.  I hope you have learned something about yourself.  Good luck to you.
Thanks for sharing. I am glad I read your story today. I celebrated my six months of sobriety at my AA beginners' meeting last night and while sobriety hasn't been really easy for me I definitely felt something when I read your story. I'm glad you're back -- take care of yourself. ..Obligatory:  what concrete steps are you taking to square yourself away?
I couldn't agree with this more...It's easy *until* it's hard and while most/all of us may know what a lot of our triggers may be.  There will be that one that puts us on the edge of falling.
