-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2et9i0/how_do_you_explain_sd_to_friends_family/

I found myself struggling at therapy last night trying to explain the /sd community and what a great resource it is for me. I recognize that the taxonomy I use to describe it needs to vary based on the listener's experience with online communities ("it's like an AOL chat room!") but I'm wondering how the rest of you talk about /sd to people in your lives if you do at all. Thanks and have a great day!
----------immediate responses--------

I tell my girlfriend and my sponsor that it is an online recovery community.  Topics are introduced in threaded discussions.  People of all modes of recovery are present...
I talk about it as an online support community of 18000+ persons in recovery worldwide from all walks of life and all places in their sober journey. 
I think I've only talked about /r/stopdrinking to my son who happens to be a Redditor so he may have even checked it out (waving hi!) and some fellow AA members to whom I've characterized it as an online forum for support in recovery.  Oh yeah and my therapist but only in passing as another support..."AOL chat room" made me laugh.  That would be my mom if it ever came up. 
A real supportive online recovery community with some of the finest folks you will ever meet (and that weird guy who dreams of James Franco nika65)?
I rarely discuss my recovery with anyone including my AA group ironically and most of you know why probably the only person I talk to about it is my mother she is my closest friend and confidant she has gone to many meetings with me seeking understanding just an all around amazing woman. She came at me with this one. I guess it was 4 or 5 months ago she says "what gives?" She knew something was different. I told her SD is an addiction forum on Reddit her response was awesome she said what I tell many here. "Whatever it is keep doing it because it has obviously changed you to your core."
I forwarded links to certain posts to my therapist.  A "picture" is worth 1000 words so they say...As for friends and family when it has come up I've described /r/sd as a forum.  That seems to be enough explanation for most people.
I actually don't tell to many other people about it unless they talk to me about struggles with alcohol. I have told my therapist about it so that if she has someone in her chair struggling maybe she can pass on the information but other than that not to many people. In my opinion we all have our own path.
I just used the term "An online support group" because I didn't really want to talk about it. I tend to stay in the chat room more than the forum so its a description that encompasses both.
I described it as an online support group to my former therapist. She asked for a link (she had never heard of Reddit) and I sent it- not sure if she ever swung by though. I mentioned it in passing to my husband as he was wondering what I was doing on Reddit (he's a shoulder-looker-overer.)..
