-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ewe61/i_need_some_help/

Hey everybody. I have never really posted on this sub but I desperately need some place where I can vent...I stopped drinking in April 2013 and relapsed after 15 months of sobriety. I am really young and honestly kind of expected I would drink again and thought that my drinking issues were more connected to a mixture of personal issues and immaturity. However for some reason over the pat 24 hours I have become incredibly depressed and on the verge of a panic attack over my relapse. I have only had alcohol about ten times since my relapse in July but I am so desperately afraid of going back to the dark place that led to my getting sober a year and a half ago. I freaked out about an hour ago and went to a 2am candle light meeting but it was filled with homeless people snoring so I ended up leaving. I honestly do not know what to do I feel depressed broken and hopeless...I also have been struggling with dealing with the influence my SO has had on my relapse. I began dating this guy in very early sobriety and we got along perfectly and soon were madly in love. The one thing he has always said that really bothered me was that he wished he could experience drinking with me since I had not yet met him during my drinking days. The day I relapsed was actually during his birthday weekend which makes me think that perhaps his influence negatively affected my sobriety. He insists that he will support me regardless of whether or not I stop drinking but I know that he thinks I'm not a "real alcoholic." ..It's 3am and I just have no idea what to do. It's probably therapeutic just to be writing this but if anyone can share their "experience strength and hope" it would definitely be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Did anything in particular happen that caused you to freak out?..Does your boyfriend know about the dark place that led to you getting sober and how afraid you are that drinking will lead you back there? I mean does he fully understand it?..Also and I'm sure you know that but I'm going to say it anyway you don't have to be a "real alcoholic" (whatever that is in your boyfriend's mind) to be justified in wanting to stay far away from alcohol.
Only you can decide if you need to live a sober life. It can be very difficult for normies to understand alcoholism. They just don't get the cravings the obsession and insanity of it. This is especially true with alcoholics who hide their drinking or are going through a period of relative control. ..If you decide that you need to live sober then I think your boyfriend will absolutely need to support you and to know what that support entails (talk with him on this). Not that your sobriety is his responsibility but that you need to be in a supportive environment.
Take it from someone who drank every day for 2 years with their SO nothing really good comes out of it. .As the dude tho lemme try to see if I understand your boyfriend. .Although with my ex we would pretty consistently stir each other to drink my main reason for getting her to drink would be easy dirty fillthy sex. Some sort of anxiety complex I guess cause i'm sure it would have all been much better sober if only I had the confidence. .TBH in the end if you love yourself even if you don't or you feel like you love him more that shit will break your relationship at the end of the day. .DONT RELAPSE you will enjoy it I guarantee it but as you yourself know your body is going to be suffering tomorrow you won't remember shit and now you will have a little trigger in your head to do it again. ..Good luck little soldier..
Good morning /u/alcthrowaway13 -- my decision to get sober is not dependent on anyone else's opinion least of all a SO invested in continuing to drink or use.  Make a decision not to drink TODAY; and let's do this sober journey together.
Hello and welcome! Anyone who encourages you to drink does not understand alcoholism. Find friends who respect your decision to save your life. Hope to hear from you again.
