-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ex8o5/two_weeks_and_the_shine_is_starting_to_fade/

It is like I have hit a wall.  All of my enthusiasm has drained.  I am still not drinking but I am officially struggling to stay sober now.  My brain is busy lying to me all day that I have a handle on things now and that if I drink it won't get out of hand.  My brain is a lying bastard.  I am heading for a few days of vacation with my wife and I hope it recharges me.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Listen to the people who have success and don't fight it. For me it's my older brother and he tells me to go to AA. I want to succeed this time so I'm finally listening. That is my plan. I hope you enjoy your vacation and good luck. ..Ps--I'm also really worried I will lose my enthusiasm in a couple of weeks so I am just going to really dive in to AA and take people's advice and try not to question it and just do it. I truly want what some of these happy sober people have. 
Stay strong brother. Journal and exercise.  Journaling from day one will provide you perspective in times like these when you're not so convinced you want to remain sober. My first of journal entry from day one is horrible - i was desperate to quit drinking. I was on the brink of suicide. That is what i go back and read if ever I'm doubting my commitment to sobriety. Alcohol was literally ruining my existence. I never wish to return to that. It's good to be reminded of this when feeling complacent. ..Exercise is a great way to avoid a plateau. If you create goals for yourself you can keep things interesting. You can never be in too good of shape. If you're bored with your activities try others like running weight lifting yoga palates swimming team sports hiking climbing cycling meditating etc. Developing stronger connections between your mind/spirit/body is a lifetime pursuit with no ending point. You never complete the goal you just become stronger and more connected with the world around you. ..Finally don't give into the lie of alcohol. Alcohol is a poison. It will intoxicate you.  You cannot just poison yourself a little - you are poisoning all of yourself - your mind body and spirit.  Alcohol destroys your connection to yourself and your feelings. You cannot destroy yourself just a little - you cannot just destroy yourself on the weekends. Having strength requires you make a commitment to not hurt yourself. You cannot harm yourself and remain strong to your commitment. ..Stay strong brother. Strive to become stronger and more resilient every day. There are no shortcuts to strength - it requires you work. Remember this: No matter how slow you go or how many mistakes you make along the way you're still lightyears ahead of all the people who aren't even trying...All you need to become strong is to become just a little bit stronger with each passing day. Honor your commitment. Love yourself. Love your future self - that who you are becoming. Love that person more than any other person and you will remain true to yourself. All the strength you require to get through this already exists within you. You can find it. You can do this. We believe in you...May you find Peace Love and Happiness at this moment in your life. Peace Love and Happiness are here and available to you in this world at all times but you must reach out and accept them in order to have them.  Peace comes from letting go absolutely of everything you are holding on to and going with the flow. Happiness comes from choosing to view the positive side of everything that life brings you. Love comes from opening your heart and viewing all life as equally involved in sharing in the struggle that is common to all of us. Life is difficult for all living things - you me everyone. ..Be strong brother. You can do this. Love to you.
The shine is going to come and go whether or not you drink but drinking will make those lows so much lower than they have to be. If you just hold out a little longer the shine will come back. Peace brutha.
One idea that's really helped me stay sober is "this too shall pass." Not feeling awesome about sobriety today? This too shall pass. Feeling awesome about sobriety today? This too shall pass...The trick is to get comfortable with the ambiguity the grey areas the transitory nature of your feelings and to have a program that just keeps ticking along as these clouds pass overhead...Alcoholics love to say "fuck it." That's the kind of black-and-white thinking that keeps us drunk. Don't pick up that first drink keep doing what you've been doing the last two weeks (or do it harder) and I promise your feelings will change soon enough. If you don't drink you'll still have an honorable life when they do.
/u/DayOTT -- good for you on spotting the Big Lie emanating from those neurons.  Oh and one other thing--two weeks is way too early to believe that the "shine is gone."  Trust me keep doing what you're doing and it comes back; and back and back.
I use my AA group as a source of energy.  Something about that group really brings my confidence up and gets me back to a conquor mode.  I think it has something to do with the fact that I dont feel alone in this choice.  There are others out there that share simular feelings and experiences and this really helps fortify the possibilty of sobriety.  Its also a chance for me to really speak my mind and get stuff out.  Being able to move on from a mental conflict really has removed the mud on the trail...Good luck to you!  Gratz on 2 weeks!
There are ups and downs so hang in there. What changes is that we start to get more capable of dealing with the ups and downs of real life. That's why it's so important not to drink now--you're growing new muscles to deal with life. It's very uncomfortable at times but it will get better.
I just wanted too add that it's so refreshing here to see so many thoughtful replies that go well beyond "have you thought about AA? Go to AA!"..If I see one more post telling frustrated family members to "go try Alanon!" I promise to start drinking again ; )
Keep going and what you're realize is that voice trying to rationalize and make excuses why you can go back to drinking will shrink and disappear.  It's not about the "shine" but instead about the "quiet".  How wonderful it is to never have to hear to that stupid voice in your head ever again.  There's so much more room for legitimate thoughts now that I don't have to contend with planning my next opportunity to get drunk or building the next excuse for why I should drink.  I found that it's right around that two to three week point that those thoughts receded.  What's also funny is that if I broke down and had a drink It's as if the clock immediately reset.  Quitting was worth it just to have my thoughts back so stick with it it only gets better.
Hey I know how you feel. I relapsed on thanksgiving last year because of that same mindset. Didn't seem like a big deal. I was going to enjoy a few drinks with some friends because I'd gone 2 months and I can handle it. Fast forward to this past Monday and I'm spending all my money and time getting drunk 7 days a week. Blacking out most nights and the cherry on top is that my car got stolen. That was what snapped me back into sobriety. Technically my car getting stolen isn't directly related to me drinking but deep down I know it is. ....I'm not saying that you can or cannot handle responsible drinking. I'm saying that deep down *you* know if you can or cannot. Just don't be like me and spend another year wasted because you thought a drink or two would bring so much happiness. 
Go back and read your post from two weeks ago.  You had a number of good thoughts on why you don't want to be that person anymore.  It's unfortunate in this process that our brain constantly wants to sabotage the progress we're making.  Enjoy your weekend with you wife stay strong!
If you are not averse to medication I strongly recommend Naltrexone - it is helping me hugely with PAWS (post-acute withdrawal syndrome) which could be what you are now experiencing.
Try to stay strong.  It does get better.  It sounds like you're just in a lull.  You will get there if you stick with it.
So far so good!  Thanks for all the encouraging words! I love this sub! Thank you all so much for the words of wisdom and motivation. So far I have had a great few days with my wife and there has been no drinking at all. I am refreshed and trying to take all the words of wisdom in and practise them.  It was minute by minute at times but it passed every time. 
