-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eyzc9/does_this_sound_bad/

I wanted to run my situation by the hive and see what people thought. I think I need help but I don't really want to stop drinking. I believe this is just me testing the waters of the sober community. ..I'm a 28 year old male. I just graduated from college with an engineering degree. The reason I graduated so late is because I failed out of my first university due to doing drugs/drinking all the time and never going to class. I got academic probation first then suspended once then twice and finally expelled. This took place from the ages of 18-24. ..Due to the severe emotional turmoil of failing out I got sober from drugs and drinking for about three years. I knew that was why I failed so I quit to straighten my life out. I did not attend AA. I did not go to treatment. I white knuckled it as they say and I was miserable the whole time. Had no friends. Felt like the whole world was out drinking and having a good time while I stayed at home every Friday and Saturday night. ..Eventually I relapsed. Somehow I was able to keep my academics together despite being an active alcohol abuser. I transferred into this new university and ended up finishing summa cum laude. As a result I got a bunch of job offers and am now 3 months into my first real professional job as an engineer at a big company. ..However I have already missed about 5 or 6 days of work in this 3 months as a result of getting drunk the night before and failing to wake up for work. The days that I am at work I am always hungover. Sometimes slightly hungover. Sometimes very hungover. It just depends on how drunk I get but I have gotten drunk every single night since starting this job. Moreover I've been drunk every night for quite a while now. ..Earlier this week my department manager scheduled a meeting with me to discuss my attendance. He was actually very friendly and nice. He said the meeting was informal and that there was nothing to worry about. I'm not going to write you up or anything he joked. ..He said he just wanted to discuss my absences and see if anything was going on. I explained that I had been sick a few of those days (which is actually true; I had a diagnosed bacterial infection and then bronchitis). I further explained that some of the other days I took off were for personal reasons. ..He said that it's fine if you need to take days off. You just need to make sure to get people to cover your work. He also mentioned that everyone who has worked with me has said I am very professional and that my technical capability is very high. However he says your reputation is important and you don't want people thinking you're a slacker or unreliable. ..He went on to explain that layoffs do happen at this company in a downturn (it's an EPCM firm in oil and gas). He says that you don't want to be in the bottom half of employees when those layoffs come. He then said based on your high technical ability and poor attendance you're in the average category right now...So I think I'm in a bad spot. Drinking is affecting my very first job. What should I do?..TLDR: Long history of alcohol and drug abuse. Just started first professional job and having attendance issues. Help me. ..EDIT: I want to thank everyone that has commented for their contributions. I will respond to all of them shortly. I am overwhelmed with the number of responses and I am so very thankful. I want to think about each comment before I reply so please give me some time. I have read all responses so far and will circle back to reply. Thank you so much!
----------immediate responses--------

Oh hells yes. I mean you can check my history I'm just some random schlub who's on here because he wants to cut things down a little. But before all the folks who have been though the real wars even chime in-- folks who I think are understandably predisposed to say yes you've got a bad problem and need to run top speed the other way when any alcohol even enters the room-- Let someone who is still "alcohol-friendly" give you some advice. You need to take action. At the very least you need to clarify what your relationship with alcohol is and can be by finding out if it's in control of you. I probably don't have to tell you how to start going about clarifying that.
I lost my 2nd professional job to drinking and now because of my employment gap I dont think I'll be able to get back into it. I'm still young (27) so I only have 1.5 years of experience I can lean on and now two years of absent time considering I cannot put that 2nd job on my resume. I now deliver pizzas as a 27 year old college graduate with numerous government certifications...Learn from my mistake and stop NOW. Its labor day weekend so if you think you can detox without any ill effects I suggest you do that. If you can go and get help even better.
It sounds like your drinking is having a pretty severe impact on your life.  Have you taken the test over in the sidebar?  ..Alcoholism is a progressive disease; it only gets worse.  Please let this be a wake-up call to you rather than waiting so that your drinking increases and you wind up in a much worse situation.  Are you open to the idea of finding a support group that will help you in your recovery?  I drank for many many years and was able to stop drinking on my own several times for a week a month several months but it never took.  With support I am now sober for over 14 months and my cravings have all but disappeared.  You can have that too.  
Your opening line is about all I need to read. Meaningful recovery is all but impossible if you don't want it really bad. I'd hate to see you lose your job over this but it seems you are willfully headed to unemployment. I lost a few jobs sucked that I had to live in my parents basement in my mid 30's but you choose the behavior you chose the consequence.
Yeah that's pretty rough.  There are lots of similar stories here.  To get back on track with your attendance you could try a shorter challenge just to see how it goes.  30 days of not drinking can tell you a lot...I know you've gotten sober in the past and it wasn't a pleasant experience.  Going it alone is miserable you're right.  Reaching out to a doctor or a local support group could be really helpful.  They can support you and help you hang onto that job.  Of course we will too...What do you think you should do?
Go to rehab or to outpatient. Start attending AA meetings. Yes you're in a "bad spot". Stopping drinking is the rational solution to most of your problems. You're a smart guy. Learn about alcoholism and you'll understand my comments.
AA ruined my drinking.  Serious long-term consequences had to pile up really high with my future hanging by a thread. Then I fucked it up worse.  When you are in a hole stop digging...The answer is clear and you don't have to start from scratch.  Copy someone else's homework: go to meetings don't drink get a sponsor.  ..The drinking life will always be available to you if that is the choice you make...you have nothing to lose by trying to live a sober life. 
You already know what you need to do.  Welcome aboard!  Please let that talk from your boss be your wake up call.  You've been given a second chance.  I too quit own my own for an extended time and I was not happy either.  Once I started being honest and joining a recovery community my life improved significantly.  
If the 'white knuckle' experience taught you anything it should clue you in on the fact that you are miserable without alcohol.  This is the biggest problem you've got right now as far as I can see.  Why would you want to do something that makes you miserable even if it seems logical rational and prudent?..If you have nothing but misery to look forward to if you quit drinking and nothing but trouble to look forward to if you do not you're in a hell of a spot.  Yes this sounds bad...If you are seriously considering quitting drinking some sort of counsel or support is going to be essential otherwise you'll just drink again (like I did.)  I used AA despite many reservations I had about the twelve-step approach.  And it worked.  There are of course other options...Ask yourself "What am I willing to do in order to have the change in attitude and outlook necessary to lead a happy useful productive life?"  ..If nothing changes on the inside nothing changes on the outside...There is a difference between quitting drinking (which you've done and is basically an event with a definitive end to it - i.e. you sober up) and recovery from alcoholism (which is an ongoing process aimed at bringing about a change of heart in the person in recovery - i.e. you enjoy living sober.)..The goal here should be happiness.  What would make you happy?  If holding on to a job that you've worked for years to get will make you happy then by all means do whatever it takes to attain that.  If being a drunken fool means happiness then do that.  But if you find yourself stuck in the middle miserable no matter what happens then you should seek help from some outside source to get you out of the mess you're in.  ..It's what worked for me.  I needed help.  I'm happy I asked for it.
Yeah. I would think the writing may be on the wall. Unfortunately I think you already know the answers you seek. 
You already know the answer deep down.  You've already gotten some really great advice from people with a lot more experience than I have but I just wanted to reach out and let you know that support is available to you if you want it.  You know where this is headed if you continue like you are and you've already learned that moderating isn't possible and that sobriety without a plan to work on the deeper issues that drive you to drink doesn't work.  I hope you'll strongly considering trying a new path.  A lot of people around here have figured out ways to be genuinely happy for years and years without alcohol and they're not different of better or healthier or anythinger than you.  They just found a plan that worked.  Best wishes.
I'll cut to the chase. As others sort of implied despite how your manager delivered the news the short story was "clean up your act or you'll be the first to go in a reorg or a layoff." Note that even when orgs are doing well they often reorg and end up looking for redundancies and at this point you'd probably be the first to go. And not to make you paranoid but if you're coming to work hung over it's quite possible that others can smell the alcohol even if you have showered...Are you officially an alcoholic? Who gives a crap. You need to stop drinking forever and you need to do it ASAP. If you lose that job you're more than likely screwed. Your career will be in shambles (tho fixable) and you will probably begin to drink more frequently at higher levels...28 day rehab is probably not a good idea at this point given your job situation. I'd try an intensive out patient program or a substance abuse counselor. AA is great but it's not going to be enough in this case. It's not that you're a raging dangerous drunk? Rather you need some specific guidance to help you keep that job...I know my remarks are not gentle but you need to deal with some abject realities. ..Be strong fix your life and deal with sadness frustration or anger because they'll only get much worse if you become unemployed.
You just received an informal heads up that you are on your way to being fired.  
