-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ez6ty/3_days_sober_and_faced_an_intervention_tonight/

So I'll skip the details of my Tuesday night but it led to me wanting to quit again but this time much more seriously than my last attempt...I had plans to bring a couple friends over to my family's for dinner tonight (Friday). Once dessert was over my mom changed the subject and brought up the fact that she and all of them were worried about my drinking and wanted me to know what I thought about it...Well what they didn't know was that I had made the decision to stop Tuesday and I said I hadn't had one since then (still pretty recent I know). "So if I went and looked in your car I wouldn't find anything?" (Oh shit-- she knew??). I said "nope. as a matter of fact I looked today and made sure i had thrown everything out." I reassured her that I was taking steps to make sure I wouldn't have a problem anymore. That only begged the question "what kind of steps?". At that point I had to swallow my pride and tell them the truth "well actually yesterday after work I met up with my friend who is has also been struggling with recovery... and we both went to an AA meeting." Needless to say she was pleasantly and proudly shocked and pleased as I'm sure everyone in the room was. I also told her I planned on going to more meeting but that I would need to find a group that vibed with me more than my first experience (mostly older people who have been sober for years and some for decades who were also very close to God where as I'm a 26 year old 3-day sober atheist lol)..Turns out my friend Patty had been texting my mom and telling her about what she knew which was validating concerns she and other family had been having for a while but were too afraid how I'd react to a confrontation...After dinner Patty and I went to my house where I live with my grandparents and dug out all the empty bottles I had been hiding in my room for the past couple years. I thought there were maybe 20 since I had gotten rid of a lot about a year ago. I'm sure I replaced the empty hiding spots with more since then (I mostly found other places to dump them after that). The grand total was 41 bottles of all shapes and sizes...It feels really good to be able to put everything I had been hiding from my friends and family for years-- both bottles and the extent of my drinking. Something that was preventing me from wanting to get sober was the thinking of "well I'm still in my 20s. Most people who get sober were drinking well into their 40s and were a lot more desperate than I am in my life. I still have a ways to go." But I know now that that's one of the dumbest fucking ideas. Why would I want to let it get worse just so I could have more "stories" or something? What kind of stories? Like getting my first DUI? The first time I was in jail and lost my job and couldn't drive?" That is usually the kind of wake-up call people need--or more-- so I feel lucky that I'm able to recognize my problem now and end it before it actually does ruin my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Good share buddy.  I bet it feels good to sh9w tham that.  I had to quit for myself despite the pressure from my close family.  Get phone numbers of people you think you might connect with.  Get a sponsor.  I am on my biggest streak I. Years it is tough at times to stay sober I call the aa hotline in my area when im pissed off and wanna drink or happy and wanna dri k or bored and wanna drink.  Just open up and be honest about your shit. Good luck and welcome home
congrats on being able to react to the intervention with your own self-awareness and action plan...Is Patty your AA friend too or another person?
That's a good story in it's self! You don't have to hit rock bottom to realise you have a problem. What is important is that you recognise it as some point somehow and take charge. Interventions are risky as far as I can see they can either give that needed wake up call or actually push people further away. Good for you for taking pride in yourself. 
I like the fact that you're happy to no longer have to keep 'secrets' about your drinking.  It sucks to live a double life.  I don't think you'll have much trouble finding a group you can better relate to.  AA is full of all sorts of people who would not normally mix.  You'll find people like yourself if you are patient and shop around different groups.  Best of luck my friend.  Check in and let us know how it goes.
It must have felt awesome to tell them that you went to AA. Sounds like they want the best for you and I bet they were excited at the idea of you getting clean
It's much easier to make big life changes that will actually stick when you're in your 20s than when you're in your 40s - you're very lucky and smart! Congratulations and keep going! :)
I can totally relate to your story!! I quit just 3 years ago... I'm 27 now. My "rock bottom" was far from the conventional "bottoms"... I avoided getting arrested pregnant and DUIs. But I was drinking alone all day and hiding my bottles. My life has improved tremendously. I feel so fortunate to have a new lease on life at such a young age. I'm getting my health back on track going back to college and enjoying the hell out of life... I hope you catch a glimpse of what life could be without alcohol. IT IS SO WORTH IT! Shit still hits the fan from time to time but alcohol is not an option for me and I don't even want it to be. It doesn't control my life anymore...Ninja edited a spelling error
It seems you have a lot of people in your life that care about you very much.  ...This is wonderful.  
[deleted]
