-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f1izk/staying_sober_in_vegas_its_a_mental_workout/

Hi friends<3 I'm here in Vegas for the long weekend... It's SO hard. I'm in the middle of doing my step 4 and I've been feeling really anxious and off lately too. I'm not drinking...  but I'm shopping like crazy drinking way too many energy drinks to the point where I feel like I'm coming down from drugs at night constantly smoking and gambling is a huge mental workout for me (even though I've only spent about $60 the guilt is so tiring). It hurts my brain to be in a city that's all about indulging. ..Does anyone else struggle with the guilt from replacing drinking with other indulgences?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah definitely I've been smoking a lot more weed than usual and feel guilty about it. I think it's because I feel as though I'm not actually winning the battle by myself.
Can't. Stop. Eating.
Consider finding a meeting suspect there are some good ones...
Good to see your 3 month mark!!..Kudos to you for not drinking in such a hedonistic mirage.  Not sure I'd want to try it after 90 days though...Replacing drinks with other indulgences is totally normal.  Your brain is still adjusting to life without alcohol and seeking to fire up the good feelings in other ways.  Gambling might be a huge workout because it taps into the same dopamine reward circuits pathways and it takes a LOT of mental energy to not do it especially if you start winning ;-)..Have Fun this wekend.
Went to Vegas on a road trip - went to the T.I.E. club.  Wore a tie.  oops.  Turns out T.I.E. stands for 'take it easy' and is a recovery clubhouse...My solution for over-indulgence in Vegas was to sight-see.  Looking instead of participating seemed to take the competitive edge off of who could be the biggest capitalist.
Put some money aside that you can afford to lose and go have some fun. I gambled and ate like a pig last time I was in Vegas. The food is great after all. I also ran in the mornings but I hate all those stairs everywhere. I ended up running in old Vegas more and saw some truly horrifying things. I saw a drink pouring vodka into a buzz lightyear sippy cup at 6am shaking violently. That certainly kept me sober that day.
