-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f61mp/100_daze/

Hey /r/stopdrinking. I'd like to make a quick shout-out to everyone here...Thanks for all the support over the past several months. Without this community I doubt I would have had the know-how to get sober nor the inspiration to stay sober. At 24 I'm fairly young but not young enough to not have regrets about drinking in the past. I read a lot of posts from people getting sober in college and wonder why I never had the idea to do so myself when I was a student...To all the newcomers and strugglers: it is worth it and you can do to it. .Here are some of my tips:..- read Allen Carr's book (listed in the sidebar. Obnoxious tone but offers a crucial shift in thinking).- avoid even being around alcohol when possible.- find a replacement activity (for me meditation and yoga).- find support (/r/drinking has been mine).- get a library card and watch the evenings fly by.- exercise (the HALT thing is a pretty spot-on method).- find something to look forward to in the morning (my own choices: cold-brew coffee and a novel)..Above all don't be afraid of what you learn about yourself throughout this process. My drinking was motivated by fear and avoidance and my daily routine was becoming absurd. One of my biggest takeaways has been this: what I fear has control over me only so long as it is not in consciousness. ..In other words when I was drinking it was to avoid the many would-be responsibilities and would-be ambitions. I hid in the fear in the shadows of alcoholic oblivion. But lo and behold those shadows were feeding those fears. ..Turns out everything is manageable with a sober head. I can't stress enough how much these past 100 days have seen a change in my confidence my emotional balance and my gratitude. ..thanks for reading. thanks for being there...EDIT formatting / confusions.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!! Congrats on 100. I'm super stoked for you I love the way you articulate your POV one of the lines here that I immediately cut and pasted to a spot that I jot down thoughts "don't be afraid of what you learn about yourself throughout this process" that hit me hard. How it applies to me I spent a shit load time......wasting it it being time. When I started breaking through all the phases that for the decade leading up to the time I have now...I was used to failuresquare one failure square onefailure square one.....I was on a never ending loop when I freed myself I was scared! Now what? Realizing I didn't have to visit square one again out of a shitty comfort zone...it was wild. Then life started to get stranger than fiction now that things are settling quite a bit I'm worried again....I'm used to having a lot of strife. I was talking to my therapist last week who has recently finished treatments for lung cancer and was given the news last week that she didn't need to come back for 6 months we are both kind of in the "now what?" boat. What I do know is that alcohol will not play a role. ..Good advice on the library card I read 45 books in my first 90 I had a lot of catching up to do. For so long I'd get a book never get past the first 100 pages before my drinking literally ruined the story. ..Keep it up great post!
Excellent! You can feel the sincere optimism in this post for the future of your life. Pretty awesome.
Happy Daze!  
I like how you bulleted the ways you became sober. Congratulations and keep up the good work!
Awesome post! Very inspirational love your list of advised activities. All seem right on to me.....
Your post is a bowl of sunshine on a cloudy morning.  Well to an alky sitting on the fence about quitting asking themselves "How long will it take before my head is clear and I start feeling *good* about stuff...This post tells them it happens sometime *before* one hundred days...If you think of how much time we wasted while actively drinking feeling bad making bad decisions spending money foolishly and so on and so forth less than one hundred days sounds like a pretty good deal. YMMV and the change does take a little re-adjustment at a minimum a full lifestyle change is in order for others...Congratulations OP.  Good list and keep up the good work.
Very helpful. its my first day. Thanks. 
