-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fbqa1/day_2_starting/

I woke up at 9 after only a few hours of sleep and laid on the bed until almost 12. I have energy but just feel a little bit sick and don't really want to do anything. ..I have homework due by Sunday for two of my classes (Algorithms and Infotech Concepts) and a paper due tomorrow (rough draft for writing). Yesterday I somehow managed to hit a good spot with the paper and finished half of it. ..I don't drink before night fall but that doesn't stop the feels for wanting one. Its almost a struggle to even type this because it feels like I am binding myself to my words and if I screw up I will forever feel even more ashamed and worthless...Yet I know that once I post this I will stick to what I say and that is to make it just one more day. I haven't made it more than one day in a while...I had said some things about my personal life on my other post [here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f8nzw/seriousdrinking_almost_every_night_and_just_cant/) and with my head slightly more clear (I'm sure there is a lot more fog to lift) I still feel the same about the things I said as /u/TumbleSex69 had asked me to look into what I was saying and really think about whether or not my mind was still clouded...For anybody else out there struggling it fucking sucks I know BUT you have a million and one of us other crazy people here and around the world going through that same exact struggle. So IF YOUR A CREEPER STOP CREEPIN AND POST SOMETHING. I was creepin around this thread too I finally just wanted to reach out because I felt that things were way beyond my control and needed a good push to get back on the right track. ..That being said I'm only on day 2 and while I feel like shit I also feel much better.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time.  Just get to bed sober tonight.  Tomorrow is Future Camel's problem.  Thanks for posting and encouraging others to do the same.  By not posting the community is being robbed of stories insights and a collective experience.  Lurkers post! It helps the rest of us!  There is nothing as helpful as for one alcoholic to talk to another...Also do that algorithm homework it sounds fun.
I felt like shit for 3 days or so when I quit. Try some pedialite. I think it helped me rehydrate and regulate. Eat bananas and fruits. ...It wasn't day by day for me at first it was hour by hour or even felt like minute by minute. Try and remember it gets better. Much better. ...A few quotes from smarter people than me that keep me going ....'The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.' ....'Keep your head up when your down keep your head down when your up.'...
Been there... just 5 days ago...Trust me it DOES get better! As for the fog clearing... well I went into the bedroom looking for my house keys this morning FOUR TIMES. Each time I walked in I thought "Why did I come in here? WTF?" before I finally twigged and grabbed my stupid keys. So I'm gonna go out on a limb and say it takes awhile for the fog to blow completely away but having said that i still feel a million times sharper than I did a week ago. ..Great post and keep up the good work!
Congrats on day 2!!  ..You will continue to feel better the farther you go.  Even though you feel like shit you're NOT DRINKING and you're giving your brain a chance to recover and rebalance.  Sometimes we feel horrible but we just have to drive on.  But at least your in the driver's seat.  Find a big enough why and the how will work itself out...I know that being in a foreign country can be isolating at times so hang out with us here that's what I'm mainly doing for my community support at the present time...Have you tried doing any meditation?  It's one of the biggest tools I've been using to stay calm.  Too often my mind is going a million miles an hour and it helps me to just SIT and focus on my breathing.  I also find it helpful if relapse thinking starts to creep in I'll just go in the other room put some earplugs in and breath.  I want to break that cycle of thinking before it gains critical mass and becomes the Fuck It Monster...You got this!!
