-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fdasi/is_relapse_a_choice/

This topic is for people that have a friend or loved one that is an alcoholic and that person has relapsed as well as for those that are an alcoholic and have relapsed...Do you believe that the alcoholic that relapsed did so because it was their choice?..This topic came up last night in my regular support group. It was a family event so family members attended along with their alcoholic SO's. One family member brought up the subject...I know the answer that was given and I know what I believe...Perhaps non-alcoholics that peruse SD may find some answers here as to why their alcoholic SO relapsed.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.
[deleted]
Yes.  It would be my choice to go to the liquor store or bar my choice to purchase the alcohol my choice to lift the alcohol to my lips and pour it in my mouth and my choice to swallow it.
Yes.
I think we often mistakenly and interchangeably use two different circumstances and call both relapse.  A relapse is where after a period of some sobriety you go back to drinking.  In other words you have established sobriety then relapsed.  When a person goes back and forth between not drinking and drinking that person hasn't stopped drinking or gotten sober yet.  ..So I relapsed after 15 years of continuous sobriety.  I made a decision to drink again.  This decision came to my best recollection 3 years after I wholly stopped working a recovery program.  I stopped doing all the things I tell people in my "standard greeting" to newcomers that I do.  I stopped my morning decision ritual I stopped going to AA meetings and working the steps I stopped planning to repeat the next day.  I chose to go back out.  It was a disaster for me and my family and it was nothing short of a miracle that I was able to get back.
The answer given was that the relapse actually occurred some time prior to actually taking a drink. The act of drinking was simply the solution to the relapse. If someone feels trapped...no way out...they may do anything to escape...Alcoholics and addicts may feel there is no other alternative especially if they are not doing anything about their recovery. It may seem as its the **only** option...Gorski lists nine stages of relapse with #9 being using.
A good friend of mine in recovery said that for him he decided that he would relapse weeks before he actually took a drink. It was just a waiting game to find an opportunity that he reasoned met the criteria for him to drink again...I wholeheartedly believe that relapse is a choice and that the decision might not necessarily come the day you pick up a drink. For this reason it is crucial to practice your program every day and be aware of your alcoholic brain trying to pull a fast one on you.
[deleted]
It is a choice you are completely responsible for your own actions..Although I think alcoholics brains and thought processes work differently and that choice is distorted and made for you by the addicted voice in your head..
[deleted]
I dunno sometimes I think i've relapsed automatically. Or perhaps that happens after i've already made a decision. It could be a beautiful sunny day i'll have just chaired a meeting spoke to my sponsor that i've become obsessed with the idea of drinking that day everything going smoothly and then BOOM. I wake up 10 days later in a hospital bed. So confusing. I will say that after a really difficult august I have chosen not to drink each day and it has allowed me to grow stronger.
Yes.  It's a mental game you play with yourself thinking "this time will be different somehow" 
Sure. In my experience I've consciously said "Fuck it" to myself before I went to get a bottle...Now when I say "Fuck it" (which is pretty often still) I try to remember that tomorrow I'll wish I hadn't gotten that bottle after all.
[deleted]
After a 12-ish year stint of continuous non-drinking I took the dreaded first glass. It was New Years Eve in Southern France. I was away from home (I'm Canadian) and away from AA. I had stopped attending meetings a year earlier because I thought they were not filling the emptiness I felt at the center of my chest. ..It was a clear decision on my part. We were with friends near Marseille. Typical upper middle class French house with a damning wine cellar (a couple hundred top of line bottles - impressive in Canada but fairly standard over there). I kept on drinking Badoit (this is water like Perrier but smoother). Dinner went by: no booze. Evening went by: no booze. At midnight: ok - one champagne glass. And then ok - a second one. But it stopped there...The next day this idea crossed my mind: "Ok - I'm an alcoholic. I'll just make sure this time I won't lose control over my life". My career was back on track money was not an issue and even my wife hinted that I had become slightly boring during social events (she is not alcoholic BTW). So I thought I would do better than before. After all I was older and wiser. And if I failed there was always AA..."Alcoholism Light"  lasted a few months. And then -- holly cow -- did it go sideways: I was back lying cheating. I went deeper in darkness then ever before. I discovered parts of my hometown that only very bad people know. Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Took me ten years to make it back to a meeting room after an infinite number of epic stumbles and moral collapses...But one thing is sure: I totally knew that taking this champagne glass on New Years Eve was like opening The Gate. I had a choice but I decided I could beat the odds because I was a smart guy.  I had not understood that I had to work the program and not the other way around. I am lucky - and grateful -- to be alive. I don't know what made me come back. One thing is clear: I don't want to leave.
Yes and a foolish choice at that. 
Totally - yes!
Yes I chose to drink after 9 months.   I knew I'd be hammered all weekend but I thought that sounded better than the alternative given the circumstances and I thought I could stop come Monday.   ..Nope.   I was wrong on both counts.   Never again.
I relapsed at 17 months or so...I got in my car and said to myself that the only honest thing I ever did was drink myself into oblivian...So I got in that car and drove to the gas station.  Got sober the next day. Because I realized I was full of shit..I decided to. But my brain was in the wrong place. And that started months ago when I stopped doing the things that got me sober
