-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fg2d0/alcohol_substitutions_for_relaxing_unwinding/

One of the main reasons I've used alcohol is to relax and unwind in the evenings which would be OK if I were able to stop at one or two drinks instead of going for five. ..Do any of you have suggestions for non-alcoholic drinks that are particularly relaxing? Like I know there are probably some herbal teas etc. ..I'm not looking to replace the buzz that alcohol gives me -- just looking for something else to help ease the stress of the day. Thanks in advance. ..If I'm successful today will make four sober days for me. :) So far I feel pretty good about it -- yesterday was a struggle but I got through. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Keeping my hands and mouth active with a drink is key to my sobriety.  I now swear by a sparkling water (like Pelligrino) with a heavy shot of water flavoring. I really like Arnold Palmer flavor. Tasty relaxing and keeps me busy.  I drink so much in the evening I get up several times during the night....but hey that beats booze...Good luck!!!
Exercise is a good stress releaser. At night when I'm tired I like yoga or just doing some gentle stretching. I find taking a bath or a shower helps too. ..For drinks I totally second the sleepytime and tension tamer teas. You can even make them hot extra strength and then pour over ice for iced tea.
I love a hot cup of tea properly made by heating water in a kettle steeping the loose leaf tea in a nice tea pot straining into a cup and sweetening with honey. Then drinking it with a good book. The whole process is relaxing and rewarding. 
Not a drink but I find coming up with a new ritual is helpful. For me I don't take my shoes off until I put my daughter down for the night (this is at 7:30 so the wait's not that long!) So I put her down straighten the house and THEN take my shoes off and walk into the livingroom where we have this really silky rug and just stand there and breathe deeply for a minute or so feeling the rug under my feet knowing I got to the the end of another day and all is well. I feel a lot of gratitude and a wave of relaxation. It's simple but it's one of the best parts of my day.
Grats on the 4 days. Lots of great suggestions here that I will echo: ..- I run for 30 minutes when I get home. I don't listen to tunes or anything just count my strides and decompress. .- sleepytime tea (Celestial Tea) is a great relaxer and I drink it am hour before bedtime. .- avoid caffeine after noon (I ended up quitting altogether).- I avoid sweets at night because I get a sugar rush that winds me up and then I crash feeling icky. .- establishing a nighttime ritual in general is a fabulous stress relief. Find what works for you!
running cans of seltzer (probably approaching several hundred at this point)  starburst and meetings have kept me plenty happy and relaxed when eveningtime comes around. Each night I am falling asleep a little easier. 
"Sober till bedtime."..Resting pose:  Lie on the floor with you butt towards the couch and put your legs up on it then scoot in so that your butt is close to or touching the couch your knees should be bent resting on the seat cushions.  Breath deeply and slowly for 5-10 min. (inhale through your nose and exhale through your mouth)
Chamomile tea is a classic herbal relaxing drink. Throw in honey and/or lemon or milk if you like. ..Not "relaxing" per se but I also like Hansen's Diet Cola (caffeine free) Hansen's Diet Root Beer and Diet Ginger ale. All are very tasty and calorie free. 
Hot shower to relax those shoulder muscles. I've heard a lot of people say a hot bath is their jam too.
I know that exercise has been mentioned in this thread already but let me extend on that thought. I just recently started going to water aerobics (no I'm not 60--I'm 28 thank you!). It's awesome because I move my body constantly for an hour I get great resistance in the water and the stress on my body is minimal (bad knees). ..After the class all the ladies go to the locker room to shower and get dressed. The showers are ridiculously warm. Like perfectly warm! I spend less than ten minutes in the shower but that transition from the cold water to the hot shower is amazing! It's even better if you get some special smelling soaps that you only use at the gym. It's like a treat!..I just bring whatever I'm going to sleep in with me to the gym (I sleep in shorts and a tank--I am not jammy pantsing around in public!)and I get right in bed with my pups when I get home. It is an awesome way to get some good exercise and get in a great frame of mind for sleep. I've been sleeping like a damn baby! Also I am meeting some really great ladies and increasing my non-drinking social circle!
I like hit cocoa...I also like hot baths with bath bombs from Lush...Or burning incense...
I too paired drinking with relaxing or winding down.  I too am on day 4 sober!  SOLIDARITY!..For me I drank while I gamed.  Now instead of booze I brew a big cup of decaffeinated hazelnut coffee with a shot of heavy cream.  It's a smooth fragrant delicious non-intoxicating non-insomnia inducing drink that I've really enjoyed.  ..Others have mentioned breathing deeply.  YES!  In fact I've found that 5-10 minutes of deep breathing (a.k.a. diaphragmatic breathing) gives a very faint natural buzz.  It wears off very very quickly but it's kinda nice.  Another wonderful benefit is that deep-breathing paired with mindfulness meditation actually increases the parts of the brain used for helping manage strong impulses and emotions (like the urge to drink).  ..I'll raise my mug of decaff tonight in anticipation of our day 5!  
* Chamomile tea.* Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime Tea.* Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime Extra Tea.* Melatonin Pills.* Very very long runs that are barely tolerable.* Interval sprints that are so hard your leg muscles start twitching/seizing.* Valerian Root Tea.* Stretching on the floor.* Hot bath with bubbles or bath salts ..
