-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fgewk/i_made_an_appointment/

I surprised myself today. I did not chicken out. I called a clinic that specialises in problems such as alcohol and drug abuse and eating disorders (I struggle with binge eating as well as alcohol). I have an appointment next week. I have no idea what to expect. I do not speak the language here too well so I could not ask the receptionist what to expect - but apparently the doctors speak English so that is good...I am scared. Part of me thinks that because I am going to get help I do not need to control myself until then. It is bullshit and I know it. I felt the same way when I first tried to get help for my binge eating years ago. I just hope that I do not cancel the appointment in a couple days when I feel better as I always do on the 3-4 day mark ("see? You're fine. You can have a little more now." The irrational brain)...This morning I felt very ill. I felt I would never want alcohol again. Now the nausea is gone and I have the familiar desire for having some rum to wind down followed by large amounts of junk food. I really have issues with excess. Instead I am drinking vegetable juice and browsing reddit. I really should study though. Procrastination is another problem...Anyway thank you for reading my rambling. I hope it is OK I just posted random thoughts and not really a question. I am feeling numb like the last few days have been too overwhelming. But all I have done is stay at home and drink. Today was different. Tomorrow I will not drink either. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome job on your courage!  It sounds like you're in a foreign country.  I know it would be even harder for me to do the right things if I was away from home.  You're doing the right thing.  A word of advice - Be completely honest with your physician.  They can't help you to the best of their ability if you keep anything away from them.  ..Keep us posted!
Good for you /u/TroubledChika -- keep moving the feet!  I will not drink TODAY!
Kudos for making an appointment. Be totally honest about how much you are drinking. Glad you're here!
For god sakes. Go to the damned appt. it's your life you're trying to rescue here. Just do it.
