-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fioq7/best_almost_2_years_of_my_lifemy_journey_wall_of/

So as of November I will have two years under my belt. Wow I still cant really believe it. It sounds so funny. Two years ago feels like a lifetime ago and it might as well be because I am a completely different person now than I was two years ago... Two years ago I was at a place all of us are far too familiar. I'm not going to get into the nitty gritty so long story short it was really bad. I was drinking my self to death. I started going to an AA meeting near my college to clean myself up. I like AA it helped me out a lot and I met someone there. A Beautiful girl. Yeah I know sounds like a movie well bear with me. Both of us were fuck ups one night of heavy drinking away from ending it neither of us were afraid to admit it. We slowly got to know each other and eventually we started dating. The day I asked her out we made a pact. No drinking no smoking no drugs no cutting. We both struggled it defiantly wasn't easy but neither of us slipped up... About a month after we started dating I realized something. I loved her. I was head over heels in love. It hit me like a ton of bricks. I thought I knew what love was before I fell in love with her but i was wrong. You hear people all the time say "oh yeah true love this that... Yeah" But if you have ever truly fallen in love you know what it feels like there is literally not a better feeling in the world. Anyways I told her "Rachel babe I love you. I love you more than anything else in the world." Even as I said it I thought it was way too soon to drop the L bomb. She didn't miss a beat though and said "I love you to loser". One of the best nights of my entire life I haven't felt as good since... After Christmas break I got really sick. I lost 30 pounds in two months. Mind you I was 190 and I dropped all the way down to 160. Stress from the new semester was kicking my ass and I almost went back to the bottle. She kept me sane and was always there for me just like I was there for her. For the first time in both of our lives we had someone we could rely on and that was each other... A few months after I got sick we went to go donate blood together. She turned out to be anemic from the cutting she used to do. Scared the shit out of both of us. We were both poor college kids so she had to call her parents to get the money for her treatments. Her parents blamed her for the anemia said it was her fault and wouldn't give up any money. She eventually got the money from them but it was a tooth and nail struggle. She almost gave up on sobriety around this time. But we made a pact and our pact could not be broken for if one of us fucked up the other would have surely done the same thing and we loved each other to much to do that... After the anemia it was smooth sailing until junior year(we met at the start of sophomore year). I asked her to go rent out an apartment with me on our year anniversary. Her lease didn't run out until Christmas so after that we moved in together and it was amazing until this last July. Keep in mind I fucking loved still love this girl with all my heart. I finally felt like i belonged when I was with her. She made me happy. Shes the greatest thing that has ever happened to me and the greatest human I have had the pleasure of meeting. I thought she was the one... So I should probably mention things started getting rocky around July. She was being distant blah blah blah that type of thing it wasn't unusual I wasn't worried with our type of relationship it was the norm. It eventually got to the point we were going to marry or break up. So I bought a ring for her... Then one beautiful sunny July Saturday morning I shook her shoulder slowly waking her up "Hey loser I wanna tell you something." "What?" she said slowly smiling. "You look beautiful and every single morning for the rest of my life I want to roll over and see you. So Rachel babe will you marry me?" I said as I got the ring out. She looked at me and started to cry. ..I understood what she was saying. It was a no. And I understood. I understood completely. Shes many years away from being ready for a marriage and I couldn't wait any longer for her. A classic case of meeting at the wrong time period... I'm 100% sure if we met ten years from now instead of two years ago we would be married. That was two months ago wow that sounds so short but its fells so long. I thought for sure I would relapse without her because to be honest I always thought our relationship would end with one of us dead either by suicide or other means. ..I know I would have if I hadn't found things to fill my time and pour myself into. I bought a guitar I always wanted to learn and its really fun I love it. I've always been a believer in Christ but I really started growing in my faith recently. I think I'm going to go on a mission trip somewhere over Christmas break. I've always kept to myself but now I find myself surrounded by people. I'm making more friends than ever and meeting some great people because I'm afraid of being alone. In the end though I feel like most of this stuff is temporary distraction  at best. I'm struggling to find things to fill my time or mean something in my life...It just sucks because literally everything reminds me of her. I see her ever where. Her laugh. Her smile. Her soft smelling shampoo. Music is the worst. I can't listen to any of the Lumineers songs without bawling my eyes out because we used to listen to them so much together... College reminds me of her too this year is my senior year and I'm ready to move someplace new and start fresh where no one knows me. Maybe cali or texas or even colorado... The other day I was met a girl. She wanted to go out on a date. I'm no where near ready for any type of relationship but its nice to know I still got it... Slowly but surely my baby is leaving me. It was nice knowing her and I know without her I wouldn't be alive today. The time I spent with her was the best time of my life but I know its for the best for both of us it just sucks... I can't wait to start my adult life though new... You guys know the appeal of a fresh start. There is someplace out there where I belong I just gotta find it. I might even start going by Jacob...Edited to add some details on what I'm doing to stay sober
----------immediate responses--------

That was a truly beautiful post.  It sounds like you both came from a dark place and that makes the love you shared all the more special by comparison...I once had to break up with a girl that I loved and I knew she loved me.  But I also knew we couldn't give each other what the other needed.  That was hard.  I know it was the right thing to do but it still hurts.  Especially when I'm feeling alone.  (Didn't mean to hijack the post I just got a bit carried away)..When I read you're post [this scene](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_QpeALw5HU) came to mind.  I hope it helps you as it has helped me.
You captured this moment of bittersweet beautifully. ..
Breaking up is hard to do.  But it's a risk inherent with opening ourselves to someone as you did.  I applaud you for being brave enough not only to share this but also to avoid drinking and open yourself to the heartbreak potential of love.  As hard as it is you were able to feel all of it from start to finish with a sober mind...Edit to add somethig:  You never once 'blamed yourself' in your description of the relationship.  I'm  incredibly impressed by your response to your loss and breakup.  When I was living unhealthily a breakup like this would have not only led to drinking it would have led to a parade of self-hatred and self-criticism.  My response to a breakup wouldn't be to improve myself or rationalize that the timing wasn't right it would be to knock myself down a peg.  Again I applaud you!  Take care of yourself friend.
[deleted]
Thank you for sharing! 
