-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fm67u/keep_me_in_your_thoughts/

I've got a big test Saturday night- my 30-year high school reunion. I'm really scared about how I'll feel watching my old drinking buddies go at it. So many of the stories we'll tell revolved around alcohol..I'm not so much worried about drinking or relapsing but more the sadness that comes with the realization that I just can't drink normally. It sucks hanging out with people enjoying a drink or two knowing that f I joined in I'd have six to their one..Not many know that I've quit drinking but luckily the reunion is at a place that knows me so they'll have my Arnold Palmers waiting for me. My wife and I have discussed plans so if I have to bow out for awhile we'll have strategies n place. I plan on checking SD while I'm there.  And since it's after midnight here I can safely say "I won't drink today"
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you know the situation you are walking into. You have a plan and a back up plan. I had that realization at a family reunion not to long ago but it was not as bad as I worked it in my head. I thought people would hound me all night but really it was 2 or 3 "come on you can have one right" then I was old news. Don't want to put you on the spot but I will keep my eyes open for a follow up post :) [Best wishes to you and I think you will do fine.](http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6pzdkJ9e21raw99to1_500.gif) 
You can do it. Let us know how it goes!
The stories you'll tell will probably not be of the responsible drinking variety. Don't be sad that you can't drink normally be happy that you came to that realization in time to be able to appear at a 30 year reunion. 
Watch for those people at the reunion that are not drinking. They will be there I promise. There are recovering(ed) alcoholics in every large group. As festivities ramp up you'll notice them just watching the others without an alcoholic drink in their hands. You can always hang out with them...I personally wouldn't risk my sobriety at 90 days to go to this shindig. From my experience they're nothing but drunk fests and that's a terrible position to place yourself in. ..I will definitely keep you in my thoughts. 
Good plan and remember when you wake up sober on Sunday morning and you actually remember the great time you had--you won't regret drinking all night the day before guaranteed.
Way to go on hitting your 90 days. I will be thinking about you tonight. Just think about it you of all of your old buddies may be the only one who actually remember tonight clearly. Enjoy it!
