-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fm7te/86_days_struggling_h_a_r_d/

All I think about is getting a drink. I know what happens at the end of the line but I still keep obsessing on getting a drink. This is hard.
----------immediate responses--------

BTW I'm going to meetings and being accountable but in my head I'm going crazy for a drink.
Days like this happen.  Fortunately they happen less as time goes on...When days like that happened to me I went to [DEFCON 1.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7Wm4qXC_j4)  I had one and *only* one goal:  Get to bed sober.  That's it.  Anything else I had going on was unimportant. I knew that as long as I got to bed sober I'd wake up sober and chances are that the feeling will have passed.  ..If that meant going to bed at 7 pm and lying there awake until 4 am so be it.  I was willing to do whatever it took. ..Don't let a little bump in the road erase your progress.  You'll make it through this.  The feeling will pass whether you drink or not.
I agree with /u/offtherocks. We all have days like this but as time goes the come less often and with less intensity. I encourage you to keep on the path you are going and not to reset you clock by giving in. Remember it is your actions have the biggest impact on your future. 
I would rather crave a drink at home than not crave a drink in jail.
It is hard.  I had a very rough time when I got sober.  For me it was less about cravings (as I was so beaten down and fearful) but I was generally a depressed miserable guy...As far as advice:..Use HALT.  When you are craving are you:..- H - Hungry? Have a snack..- A - Angry?  Take a walk call someone anything to get your mind off it..- L - Lonely?  Talk to someone..- T - Tired? Take a nap..I am also a big believer in having a pile of "distractions."  Netflix movies to watch books to read Reddit anything that can keep your mind occupied for a few hours and distract you from the cravings.  Build that list of distractions before the cravings hit; rely on them when they come...Hang in there.  Recovery is not all puppies and rainbows.  Grind it out when you need to.  It gets better when you do the right things (abstain invest in your sobriety everyday).  ..
Just saw this. How are you doing now 6 hours later?
I wish I had something to help but all I can tell you is that I'm rooting for you to succeed cravings are a bitch. Glad you posted I like to think that shows how much you want to beat the craving in the tuchus.
DISTRACTION DISTRACTION distraction. You need to distract yourself in order to drown out the voice of your disease my friend. I'm coming up on 10 years next month (the 21st to be exact) and I've learned that urges will come and go - but only I control what I choose to do with them. Giving in to those urges will only make me feel like utter crap the next morning so I throw myself into my work; break a sweat (go for a walk get on a treadmill shoot some baskets); go to a movie; call someone who's neutral for a chat (by neutral I mean a sympathetic person who won't annoy or sadden you or tease you about being clean but will put a smile on your face); drive to the beach or the woods; go fishing; read a book; play a video game; cook your favorite meal; get a pedicure; walk through a pet store and look at the puppies and kittens. I think you get the idea give your brain something else to focus on to drown out the voice...The first few months are the toughest most gut-wrenching times in recovery but you CAN do it. If distraction doesn't work sometimes you have to white knuckle it by the minute. Ask yourself "Can I NOT drink for the next 5 minutes? Or the next 60 seconds?" You'll most likely answer "Yeah I can do that." So watch the clock for 60 seconds or 5 minutes and then ask yourself "Can I not drink for the next 10 minutes?" And you just talk yourself through it minute by minute hour by hour until you realize that you just made it through 50 minutes or 5 hours and you scored a victory! Then the realization hits you - I can fight this voice I can control it...Trust me these urges WILL pass and the obsession WILL end. Remember that as corny as it sounds it does get better. I'm rooting for you my friend I don't even know you but I'll be thinking of you the entire day (and the rest of the week) and sending you thoughts of encouragement. Keep fighting!
Thanks everyone. I'm still here. My badge remains. 
