-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fnfqo/alcohol_ruined_my_life/

Today will be my 98th day sober and the longer I go without a drink the more I reflect on what drinking did to me and what it continues to do to other people...Last night I was at a bar with a couple of friends I was just shooting some pool. My friends ordered a pitcher and before they even started to drink one spilled a good quarter of it all over himself. Insta-smell bad. ..Anyways bars are a completely different place when you don't drink. Quite appalling to say the least. I'm standing around watching people socialize some are just pounding beer after beer then there's those old half creepy guys that are just there on their own sipping a pint at the bar because they have no where else to be. It's rather depressing and the way I've come to see it; everyone is either in denial or ignorant of what they're doing to themselves. The bar had a request your own music night so before the dj started doing his thing he started announcing: "4.50 bar rails! 4.50 tequila shots" and I started thinking...people pay to get messed up. Sh!t I used to pay to get messed up! And literally; that sh!t f**ks you up. ..Now I'm no saint in the health department and damn it feels good to be a sobro. ..So we shoot some pool go out for a smoke and some dude comes out and starts yelling about tattoos (my one buddy was talking about how he's going to finish his sleeve) and society and how everything's f**ked up and how if you get a tattoo and regret it society does that to you and Joan Rivers (wtf? I know...) utter nonsense. But he's not normal about it he's screaming like a 35+year old child that took a lot of roids and hasn't shot his rocks off in a month mixed with probably 6-8+ beers. It was the most unappealing thing of the night...Fast forward an hour or so later we've left the bar and hit up a Starbucks. Now both of my friends had 2 pints each and they're both pretty level headed dudes well one is regardless if he drinks or not but the other always gets on edge when he drinks or drinks when something's on his mind instead of talking about it. So he's getting all angry while we're standing outside this Starbucks he's recounting some fight he got into at a club because someone knocked his drink over. But he's literally reliving that moment screaming about how he elbowed this dude @ 12:30 in the morning outside of a Starbucks a year later. He keeps going on about how this dude was being a douche and blah blah blah everything he could say to justify his past self in that moment. ..I wasn't really listening because I took the moment to reflect on how far I've come and how I used to be. How angry I used to be how the most insignificant little 5 or 10 dollar thing would piss me off or someone said something I didn't like or I had to go to some sh!tty job the next day or how my ex screwed me over (the list goes on and on and on) and I'd be ranting and yelling about it (sometimes just silently moping about it) then I'd go back to the bar or the fridge and grab another beer and justify doing so from my emotions. Then justify being a complete jerk "because I was drunk." It just wasn't working for me...Honestly 98 days ago I couldn't see myself here and now that I'm here it's not so much of a thing I think about everyday it just is; this *is* the new me. I mean; don't get me wrong it's a great accomplishment for anyone to go 24 hours sober or a month or a year but life doesn't just become all sunshine and rainbows because you got sober; you still have to work hard at everything. I'm promising you sobro or sosis; it's worth every pain: every notion of doubt you over come every fear of losing your friends every every tear every bout of depression every shake and every bead of sweat. ..Sobriety has changed my life; I'm level headed in control of (most) habits have **money in the bank** a memory that lasts more than just a day the ability to shake someone's hand and remember their name when I end the conversation and wish them well rebounding a hundred times quicker from my wandering mind (depression past bull sh*t anxiety doubt fear). This is life...For all of those struggling relapsing and doubting: I believe in you most importantly *this community believe's in you* and is the greatest resource you have outside of AA. Keep coming back involve yourself ask questions and keep trying....Much love..Cdurrs..
----------immediate responses--------

right on!
You still sound a little angry to be honest with you. The way you talk about the people drinking seems like you harbour some resentment or frustration towards them. That's my opinion...Glad you're sober :) Keep an eye out on the things that bother you they mean something.
Awesome!  Thank you the share.   I can almost walk in your shoes for the evening.
Cdurrs be very careful of hanging in bars with drinking buddies.  ..One other thing alcohol hasn't ruined your life yet.  It sounds like you have a running start on a whole new life freedom and happiness!  Time to break free.
Yep. Thanks for sharing. I'm a bartender and I get to see it happen every night. People ask if it's hard to not drink as a bartender and I give a variety of answers depending on who is asking. If anything it is reaffirming why I choose to be sober. 
Great post! Thanks!
Thanks for the post! You've come along way. I still struggle with getting upset about insignificant things. It's not anger for me so much as frustration and defeat but it's the same idea. I also used drinking to justify bad behaviour ("I'm supposed to do X but I can't do it now because I'm drunk oh well").
I'm glad you're sober. I highly recommend you find other places to hang out than bars. As you've described it isn't a fun place to be and it is way too easy to slip up and pick up a drink at a bar. That's the whole point of the establishment after all. ..Good luck and be well.
Great reminder of several things in that post! Several baaaaaad things about drunking. Like you I'm so glad to be done.
Thanks so much for taking the time to write this. I've been thinking a lot lately about how far I've come in 96 days and I have come to many of the same realizations that you listed. You're right things don't just become butterflies and rainbows because you get sober. I think being sober switches your "give-a-shit" back on. It IS worth the struggle to stay sober because being in control feels pretty damn amazing every day. I agree with you that it isn't something I constantly think about although it was at first. Rather after about 2 months I just started living and I spend most of my time either focused on better living or just trying to enjoy my day. ..Congrats and thanks for the thoughtful post.
Hanging out at a bar isn't something I want to do sober. I can do other things with friends. Hell people at the bar dont want you sober. Just saying.
Nice share. :-)
Glad to hear things are going well. .When I was bartending it was amazing to watch people once they were 3 sheets to the wind. Unfortunately I was right there with them once I closed :(
I'm so glad you shared this.  What a huge win.  You have come so far and it will only get better.
[deleted]
