-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fnlk2/60_days_without_a_drink/

7 months ago at age 22 I spent a night in jail after getting a DUI after being pulled over less than a minute away from my apartment. I started drinking when I joined a fraternity at age 18 and quickly adapted to the binge drinking habits of a college student. When I turned 21 I began forming my personality around being a beer connoisseur knowing the different craft brews and flavors. I become the guy my friends would go to for beer recommendations and I loved it. Flash forward to 22 and I'm a habitual drinker and weed smoker but its time to give up the weed so I can find an internship. My drinking ramps up. 6 pack in a night. A fifth of vodka in 24 hours. I think its ok I'm just experimenting with liquor and learning to make cocktails. I get offered an internship in February 2014 and I start in March. I'm drinking too much but I tell myself once I start my new job I'll be forced to cut back. I don't make it that long. On Valentines day I go to a party with a bunch of close friends. I get shitfaced and blackout. My friends tell me I gave the excuse that I was going to the bathroom but instead left got into my car and drove home. I hit a curb coming off the freeway exit destroy my tire without even noticing and get pulled over at the last turn into my apartment complex. I blew over a .20 and was taken to jail. I spent the most dehumanizing night and day in jail. I plead guilty to the judge with my hands and feet shackled by metal chains with other criminals. It took my 5 more months to truly admit that alcohol has no place in my life and with the help of this subreddit I have been sober for two months. Weed is the other crutch I had but with the help of /r/leaves I've made the commitment to quit that 5 days ago. I started going to counseling doing yoga rockclimbing etc etc. I turned 23 in August my first birthday without a drink since coming to college. The hardest part has been not giving up. Not letting the shame of my failures be the only thing I think about. Trusting myself that I can improve live sober and carry on day to day. As a result I'm the happiest I've been in over a year and I plan on keeping it that way. Thank you /r/stopdrinking for the stories of your own struggles for the support members have shown each other and for that stupid little star that lets me know how long since I chose living over drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on CLEAN and SOBER!
Awesome!   Thank you giving the courage to other to make the right progress.
CONGRATS!!! Hell yes~
Congratulations on your 60 days! I hope I see that next to my star one day.
