-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fo330/three_weeks/

Just doing my diligence here and posting to check in. Today marks three weeks since my relapse. It can be tough sometimes however reading Aurelius's [Meditations](http://classics.mit.edu/Antoninus/meditations.html) and Epictetus' [Enchiridion](http://classics.mit.edu/Epictetus/epicench.html) have helped immensely.   .On Wednesday I was banged up pretty badly in a car accident that left me with a concussion some lacerations and bruising. Luckily I was only knocked out for less than a minute and my friends and I were able to walk away from the crash virtually unscathed. I had to stay overnight in a piddly hospital in the middle of nowhere pretty much before being transferred to a larger city to have some CT scans run on my internals. Ended up checking out fine save for some major bruising on/near my eye and some muscular tearing in my abdomen which makes walking a bit hard and tiring. The Doc said I should recover fully in less than a month or so so I'm really thankful that my friends and I weren't hurt or killed.   .The funny thing is that the support I've found here on /r/stopdrinking combined with my recent obsession with stoicism have helped me cope with the accident so much more thoughtfully and meditatively than I would have if I hadn't put my all into improving myself (sobriety treating my depression improving myself holistically etc.). Without the coping strategies  that I've developed with regard to my drinking problem like dealing with events as they happen instead of preemptively mitigating them I would have reacted so much differently than I did and I'm proud of myself for remaining calm and composed during the trauma.   .What I've discovered is that all of these issues I've had are really just symptoms or expressions of an underlying "thinking problem" which has to do with confidence self-worth and ego. I feel that the support I've had here in recovery and through friends has been so integral in my development as a person and I'm thankful that I'm still here to thank you.   .."If you are distressed by anything external the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.".-Marcus Aurelius.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear about your accident. That must have been terrifying. Congrats on 3 weeks!
Wow- what an experience.  I'm glad you were able to walk away and will have a completely recovery...Congrats on the 3 weeks!
I'm glad you are alright. 3 weeks is a long time. Good job.
[deleted]
