-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2frfaz/currently_hungover_and_starting_the_clock_i_never/

I honestly don't know how to start this. I'm not one for seeking help. I'm not one for meetings. All I know is I typed AA into the reddit search bar and this sub came up. I don't know if a long ass rant like this is appropriate here. Honestly I don't even know what I'm looking for. I'd love to believe that I could do this on my own. But I don't think I can. I don't have the discipline and I'm too damn impulsive. God. That's a hard pill to swallow. No way I could say that to anyone in person. My grandfather smoked for 50+ years and quit cold turkey the day after he had a heart attack. I always thought I could be like him. I guess not. I've always struggled with depression and social anxiety. Alcohol fixed that. At 14 we were stealing handles of ezra brooks and pretending we were cool. Now nine years later I find myself doing the same goddamn thing except I pay for it. I've found my health my paycheck my hobbies all slip away. Hell. I'm a member at a bar where I can drink FOR FREE until 2020. Who wouldn't pass that up?..I need to pass it up. I need to get sober. Today is day one...Yesterday I decided was going to be my last day. Ever hear of a Beer Dabbler? 80+ breweries 4 hours drink all you can drink. It's a riot. Such a good time. Until I find myself on the public train at 4 AM being woken up by the police. I can never stop. After the dabbler it was bar after bar after bar. Today I had lunch with some coworkers/friends. All early twenties. All had gone to the beer dabbler with me. I told them I was quitting. The responses were:..* Yea right..* I don't believe that for a second..* "What's behind you" you drink like a fish. You'd die...and..* You couldn't even if you honestly tried...Talk about a blow. I felt like shit. I had wholeheartedly expected support. Here I am still sweating off last night. My usual impulse would be to grab some whisky make it a funday sunday and put myself to sleep. Instead my head hurts i'm shaking and goddamn am I determined. Their reactions pretty much told me everything I had never wanted to admit to myself. And this is the first time I've ever been serious. I've always joked about it. I've never actually said the words. ..I went home and showered. It seemed like forever until I got out and stared at myself in the mirror. Gripping the edges of the sink as water dripped off my nose I stared into myself. That was when it finally clicked. That was when I truly made the decision. "I'm an Alcoholic. And today is day one."
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Alcohol withdrawal is deadly. Please think about seeing a doctor as soon as possible to safely detox. ..What's your plan?
Good for you. Day one myself after an awful mortifying dangerous night. My kid today asked me why I was gone all day and came home o sleep on the couch.  I also have no idea how I didn't crash my car since I drove in a blackout last night.  ..Best to you.  Here's to hoping we both have some great success.
That conversation you had at lunch today is a good example of why alcoholics talk to other alcoholics about getting sober. The in-denial drinking buddies won't want you face your problem because if you guys get drunk together and *you* have a problem that might mean *they* have a problem. The normies just won't get it. ..Support from other alcoholics can be found on here although I highly recommend getting face to face with real live people at least in the early days of sobriety. That's what support groups are for - support. If you're nervous about going to a meeting search stopdrinking for "first meeting" - you'll find loads of posts about people going to their first meeting (usually AA though some people on here go to SMART as well.) And usually people find it's a much easier and helpful experience than they thought it would be...Just for the record the day you had yesterday sounds tedious to me. 
No one knows I have quit. I won't say anything until I have some time under my belt. I currently have 9 days. (Has been reset a few times) Yes I think of whiskey all the time. When I am down I figure whiskey could make it better. When I am enjoying the moment I think well whiskey could make it even better! All I know right now is that I am not going to drink today. And tomorrow I will keep up the same mind and the following day and so on. I can't moderate it and I know it. So now I put in the time and somehow I find that I end up with motivation to handle problems I have been neglecting for years. Feel free to PM me if you need to talk.  
Welcome /u/Whats_Behind_You to /r/stopdrinking -- the recommendation to talk to a medical professional is an EXCELLENT one.  That aside what follows are what I call the beginner or "baby steps" to stopping drinking and getting sober.  These are the things I did and which work for me to this day:..1. Each and every morning--at the very instant that my eyes open I* make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad.* When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I did this this morning.)..2. AA meetings and the AA program made THE big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. He was right. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks which properly should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required...Posting and commenting on SD has helped me stay accountable...The key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...Good luck I hope you jump right in..
You never have to feel this way again if you choose not to. If you are ready to quit drinking (and it sure sounds like you are) and are willing to take the steps necessary to do so this is a great place to be...Everyone's situation is different and everyone's recovery needs are different. Here are some suggestions or options if you choose to use them...If necessary rehab or intensive outpatient treatment are options. Therapy can be very useful for someone in recovery. Also making contacts with other people in recovery through self help meetings like Alcoholics Anonymous or smart recovery. You do not need to make this journey alone and finding other people who have been through it before can be a real lifesaver. I know it has been for me...In my opinion it is also important for your doctor or medical care provider to know the honest truth about your history of alcohol usage the quantity and frequency of your drinking. They can do bloodwork to test your liver function and other health related test and they can also monitor your detox if necessary...I hope that you will continue to post here on /r/stopdrinking and read the posts from other people. We will be here to support you.  We've all had a day 1...sometimes quite a few day 1s!  This is a disease we are dealing with and it is tough but it is possible to fight it.  You can too...
I'm glad you've made a decision about your drinking.  Admitting that I was an alcoholic and asking other people for help was one of the toughest things I have ever done.  I hope you request a badge and follow along.
Sorry don't know how to post right don't want to suborn a post but want to start out here.. Only started to drink at 27 progressed to now. almost daily very attentive husband dedicated worker love gaming what's missing....   very constant weight problem. ..   Loved to write years ago. It's gone. I stare at a screen. Don't get me wrong I can joke with the best of the best of them even spout a few ideas but I can't fucking write...Loved to run too...I feel so drained...I also hate to feel like a drama queen. Sorry 'bout that...Drinking is near daily now. the real fear is if I stop....and I know that's the most common one...THanks for reading.
Welcome and I truly wish you the best of luck. AA has been working for me. I've reached out a lot to the people there because they understand exactly where I am coming from. I've gotten great advice and tools for living. Today I can honestly say that although every day might not be easy it is worth it! 
Congratulations on ur decision.  I got sober when I was 23.  I would seek medical assistance regarding the detox period.  But the good news is that you never have to feel that way again.  When I was about 5 months sober my Dad told me not very many people made it to a year sober.  I was like... watch me.  It's been 11 years now.  We all had to start at day one.  
I'm going to tell you what I wish others could have told me on day one: Getting/staying sober will be one of the best decisions of your life. Think about all the things in life that you could have in sobriety that you can not have while drinking. Most of these things are free and you deserve to enjoy them. Ask yourself where you want to go in life and how you are going to get there but don't let it intimidate you. For me sobriety has not been the giant leap I thought it would be. It is just a set of good decisions I make every day that ensure I am slowly but surely becoming a happier and more responsible person. Take care of yourself and come here often for support.
For the longest time I used social anxiety as an excuse to drink. It was only after I sobered up that I discovered that anxiety (as well as depression) is a typical symptom of alcohol withdrawal. By drinking often (combined with being physically dependent on alcohol) you keep yourself in a constant state of drinking and withdrawals. Wicked cycle...I feel a lot better now. I am no longer anxious in social situations and I don't get depressed. Being sober for me is like being on psych meds from the future with only positive side effects. That's the good news...The bad news is that it takes a long time for your brain chemistry to heal. On the order of 6 months to a year or more. I really started noticing how good I felt after about 10 months...Anyway there's that. One of the many benefits of not beating your brain with booze.
That's a bummer to hear about your friends. I can tell you that even if they don't support you we'll be pulling for you all the way! Post here whenever you're feeling happy sad or just need to talk. I find that my desire to drink usually comes when one of those three conditions are met. Each day you stay away from alcohol is another day it gets a little easier. Don't seek that "quick fix." If you're anything like me getting drunk will have me obsessing about the next drink for weeks! Also people have suggested going to your physician and going to an AA meeting. I wholeheartedly back these suggestions as well...Let us know how it goes! :)
This is a wonderful resource.  The internet did not even exist when I got sober. I used AA.  The support and advice were essential. You may find that a live face to face support group will help.  The important thing is to stay open minded. 
