-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2frqeq/one_week_down/

Im going to bed sober for the seventh consecutive night! I have not been sober for this long in over 18 years and I definitely would never have been able to do it without the help from everyone here on SD! Thank you! ...It's been a difficult long week for many reasons and not drinking has made it even more challenging. The first 4 days absolutely sucked. Day 5 was better day 6 was great and today went back to being a struggle (although today was no where near as bad as the first 4 days.)...Thanks to the help and support on this sub I know that tomorrow I am going to wake up and say "I am not going to drink today!"
----------immediate responses--------

One week UP!
Hey /u/gdizzle419 WAY TO GO!  You are now breaking new ground for yourself and every day is a record.  Keep up the momentum.  The first week was the toughest for me...it was a combo of physical withdrawal and mental acceptance.  Week 2 was all about fighting with my habits and newly released emotions...those were the hardest 2 weeks for me...I made it through those first 2 weeks with AA meetings family and friend support therapy online AA chatrooms and /r/stopdrinking.  That same combo of support has carried me up to day 111 (today)...the longest I've ever been sober and clean since I turned 21.  ...
Each day we face challenges. You are doing great. Was at the store and my alcoholic brain was trying to convince me that it would be OK to get some drinks. I kept telling myself tomorrow needs to be day #4 instead of starting over at day #1. I survived. I am so glad I didn't do it.
Oh ya!  Imagine never having to repeat the first week!  ..Stay focused my man.  What an awesome share...Congrats on the week!
Congratulations tomorrow will be 2 full weeks of being sober.  I absolutely love it.  
[Congrats on a week that is awesome keep it up](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/ilt.gif)
Congratulations. It does get a lot better. Keep going. 
Fantastic... well done! This is just the start and things will get better &amp; better...I will not drink today either.
Yeah! Big ups on a week! It's a great feeling. There will be up days and down days ahead but nothing as bad as those first few days. And you never ever have to go through that again.  Congrats!
