-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ft9p6/dreams_vs_today/

My story is a mirror to so many I've spent time reading here.  Tack on a retirement dream of growing grapes on a vineyard (I currently apprentice a wine maker in my free time) and a looming wine-based trip to France in March and you've got the makings of my current state of mind. ..I just hit 30 days without a drop.   Endured some serious "into-the-fire" moments and survived isolating my triggers changing habits.... So far so good.  ..I can't imagine not having wine while I'm in freak'n wine country in freak'n france.  We bought this trip before I stopped drinking- I've been saving and excited about this trip for years- and now I feel this overwhelming frustration/conflict.  (I know first world problems. I can barely take myself seriously.) I also can't imagine not retiring on a vineyard.  I love my vines- grape plants are different; they remember.  I know that harvesting grapes doesn't mean I have to drink the wine- I mean I deal with that already but it's definitely a much more challenging world to chose to live in when one struggles with a drinking problem. ..Taking it day by day is tremendously helpful.  Having the future nagging is the opposite of helpful yet it's difficult to totally ignore.  Any advice on how you strike a balance? 
----------immediate responses--------

[France is also famous for other things](http://www.puretravel.com/blog/2013/02/04/what-is-france-most-famous-for/)..Just saying :)..Do you do any recovery work? What would be the consequences of drinking for you?..What would letting go of this grape/vine growing hobby mean for you?
I agree with the person who basically said grow something else! Did your love for vineyards grow out of or along with your addiction to alcohol? That seems likely.... So now you're going to grow in new ways. Something has to take the place of alcohol in your life and why not organic eating/cooking/gardening or something like that? Then the environment of your retirement dream lives on (land space maybe a beautiful environment/climate)...AND you'll be alive to enjoy it! That was very sadly never a given with your previous passion. ..Or maybe you'll fall in love with some completely unrelated activities now that you're not drunk all the time! And maybe they will inform your retirement. ..As to France go and enjoy it sober! It's am absolutely beautiful country with AMAZING food!
I know your pain very well. I've been selling wine for over 10 years. I started off as a server in high end restaurants then worked my way to becoming a sales rep for a distributor. I've always had a passion for wine; I went to school for wine and could tell you anything you would ever want to know. I've spent tons of money and countless hours tasting and studying wine to pursue my passion. Ive taken extensive classes in vinification and viticulture so I know first hand why you are passionate about wine and why you've considered retiring as a viticulturist. ...Turns out that my passion for wine developed into a disguise for me to find an excuse to drink all the time. Everyone thinks that my consumption was part of my job (which in many ways it was) and that I was sophisticated because of my knowledge. What they don't see is that after I finished a few glasses of wine and go home that I raid my cellar and drink anything available until I passed out. What they didn't see was me going to the grocery store to buy the cheapest bottle of shitty wine available because I wanted to continue my buzz without opening up a bottle of 2007 Marcassin Pinot Noir or a bottle of 1985 Veuve Clicquot Grande Dame. ...I can't say what I would do in your situation because I'm only 7 days sober and I have a long road ahead of me. I do know from experience that France has amazing cuisine and I would try to focus on that as much as possible. I know that I wouldn't be able to visit any wineries or vineyards because the winemaker would basically force wine down my throat. I know first hand that winemakers all around the world are very passionate people and they are insulted by people who don't taste their wine. ...One year I won a trip to Tuscany for achieving the highest Italian wine sales so my wife and I went for an amazing two week trip. We toured Florence Siena the Tuscan coast Montalcino and even parts of Umbria. Part of the requirements for the trip were to visit wineries in Tuscany so we decided to pack in 4 in one day to get it out of the way. At every vineyard every winemaker was very pushy and just kept pouring wine. "You must try all of our wines!" I was driving so I insisted on spitting which frustrated some of the winemakers. I can assure you the same is true for French winemakers Australian winemakers Spanish winemakers and so on.......Long story short if you truly want to stay sober and not have a drop of alcohol then stay away from the wineries. You can still drive through the amazing towns in Burgundy and see tons and tons of beautiful vineyards along the way without stopping into the winery. Enjoy the food coffee the quaint villages the art and the terrior!...As for becoming a viticulturist in retirement.....well there's a joke in the industry that I'd like to share with you: "How do you make a small fortune making wine? You start with a large fortune."...Lastly from our trip to recent trip to Italy; the most fun my wife and I had was not tasting wines it was taking tours of the cities and countrysides. Although the wine was good the food was even better and that's what we still talk about....By the way where in France will you be visiting? For how long will you be there?
I was in a similar situation last summer. We had a trip to California (my favorite wine region) we were going to go to Napa and visit wineries and have a very wine focused trip. I hid my alcoholism under the veil of being a wine aficionado I'm able to see that now. I wanted to cancel the trip because I had no idea what I would do how I could have any fun etc... but we went and I had a great time! We turned the focus to other activities but we still visited a few wineries and I found myself appreciating them in other ways the Napa countryside is beautiful...I couldn't continue putting any energy into my wine "hobby" but I've replaced it with other things and can honestly say I don't miss it. It's amazing how much I've changed in the past 475 days. Sometimes when we're having a nice meal I miss the wine pairing aspect or the idea of having a nice glass of wine with dinner but I know I'm romanticizing it. I never had just *one* glass of wine with dinner. Ever...France is a pretty awesome place and you don't need alcohol to have have an amazing time there. Good luck and you can do this!!
