-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ftgdg/trying_my_hardest/

A couple years ago I found out that my Girlfriend of a few years was cheating on me. I was in college. At the same time my best friends dropped out of school. I had abused alcohol but functioned enough to get good grades. After we broke up I didn't have any aspirations. I had no desires. No hopes. I started drinking all day every day. I would drink until I passed out drunk. Wake up in a dizzy haze and start drinking again. This lasted until about six months ago when I failed all the courses I was taking. ..There was one point that I had substituted smoking cannabis for drinking as I knew I was killing myself with alcohol. The withdrawals were terrible. I would be so cold one minute and the next minute I was unbearably hot. I would sweat to the point I was dripping- but this was at a normal room temperature. I would have head aches and body aches. Insomnia. ..I just got squared away with school though. I told my adviser about that problem without telling him about alcohol. I just said I was struggling with something but I had removed that from my life. The issue is that I still struggle with alcoholism. I struggle every day. When I wake up in the morning the first thing I want is to drink whiskey. When I come home every night it's the same thing...I'm ready to remove this from my life. I know that it has to happen sometime. I don't have much family support both my parents are alcoholics. I don't know how comfortable I feel going to AA meeting because I am an atheist and am 22 years old- for some reason I imagine the AA meeting being filled with people I cannot relate to. I think this has more to do with the fact that I can't relate to myself. I don't agree with the decisions I have made and I have no justification for those actions...I am planning on seeing a councilor at my school this week to fully disclose my alcoholism for the first time. I really want to quit this habit. I really want to change my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/alcoholicboy to /r/stopdrinking -- I'm sending along a link to a recent comment that contains the [Beginner or Baby Steps to sobriety.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2frwfs/making_the_choice/ckcgd7g)  I think you're smart to characterize your assumptions about AA as you did in your post.  Yeah the preconception is probably misplaced be brave and give it a shot.  Good luck moving forward.
When I was in college I took advantage of the free counseling. It helped. Now that you're being fully honest with yourself be honest with your counselor. It *will* help. You can do this!
Hello and Welcome! You are a wise young man to be assessing your relationship with alcohol. By the way AA is filled with people who want to stop drinking. That's the only requirement. Kudos for your plan to be honest with a counselor. Stay in touch.
