-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ftlld/day_7_done_day_8_in_progress/

I forgot how good this feels.  No headaches.  No deleting drunk FB messages or clearing up crap I accidentally started.  No insatiable need to drink gallons of water to replenish my system.  No brushing my teeth before every meeting trying to mask the smell of booze. I'm actually going to bed before 1am (which is nice since my day starts at 5am).  I fully remember each day.  ..Previously I made 4 months sober.  I'm doing some things differently this time:  ..One originally I told people I'd quit.  I think this began a gradual rise of over-confidence.  This time around I've told no one but you supportive folks and my wife.  If anyone else notices - great.  I'm not going to broadcast or boast of my decision.  ..Two last time around I wanted attaboys.  Even though alcohol didn't cause conflict between my wife and me (I only drank once everyone was asleep) she still didn't like it.  When I'd gone 3 weeks without a word of appreciation from my wife I threw a pity part.  What a cry baby I was.  "Oh you want kudos for exercising self-control like the majority of people on the planet do daily???"  This time around I'm not looking for any praises...Third I've got regular emails scheduled to be sent reminding myself why I must remain sober each day.  In the email I demolish every rationalization that I used to allow myself to relapse.  Each week on Wednesday morning I'll get that email...Lastly and most critically I became overly-confident.  I thought if I made 4 months completely sober surely I could drink again in moderation.  As many of you can attest this line of thinking is a trick.  I'm now firmly convinced I'm one drink away from sliding back down the pit.  ..Yes it's only one week under my belt.  But I've decided I can do today.  As each tomorrow becomes today I'll continue to make that choice...
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you have a good plan in place.  Definitely stay close to /r/stopdrinking and post when you have emotional ups and downs.  That really helped me :)
Real progress in these 7 sober days /u/The_Real_Baldero and great insights as well.
I just wanted to say you are doing great. I am 5 days behind you but similarly I had a clear 18 months about a year ago and started "moderating" again - which meant white knuckling through social situations where I know I could only have 2 but wanted 10. ..I also wanted to share that I went and told my doctor this morning and got on some anti  anxiety meds as my drinking is really tied to my need for relief from anxiety. 
&gt;This time around I've told no one but you supportive folks and my wife. If anyone else notices - great. I'm not going to broadcast or boast of my decision...I think this is one of the ways I've stayed strong for so long. Have a small core of incredible supportive friends and family is better for me than everyone knowing. It's helped me slowly transition into this new sober role in my group of friends. Glad to know I'm not alone in this!..&gt;Third I've got regular emails scheduled to be sent reminding myself why I must remain sober each day. In the email I demolish every rationalization that I used to allow myself to relapse. Each week on Wednesday morning I'll get that email...Also LOVE that. How did you do this? Care to share the steps in your DIY sober email alert? ;)..You can do this!! On to day 8! :)
I became overly-confident. I thought if I made 4 months completely sober surely I could drink again in moderation. As many of you can attest this line of thinking is a trick...I can relate to this.  When I was off and on with drinking (but aware that  I had a problem at least)  I tried this rationalization game never won.  I choose not to step up to the drink in a drinking game because I will lose at that fight.  good luck!
If you need a pat on the back to keep you motivated it's always great to come here and post for that support.  I think the people in our lives that don't have problems with alcohol are unsure how best to support us plus it takes time to build that trust back up.  Good work for seeing what you might need to do differently and congrats on 8 sober days!
Good for you!  One week of vacation for your liver.  Mine too.  Here's to a sober Day 8.
Ive thought too many times that a break was all I needed to drink normally again. I was wrong every time. I guess that's how I know I'm an alcoholic. Best of luck to you
