-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fu4ug/alcoholism_the_amount_you_drink_versus_how_you/

So I am pretty new to actually doing this but not new to thinking about doing it.  :)  I have reached out to some wonderful people in my life one of whom is my brother who has been in recovery for 10 years.  He has had relapses and setbacks but he remains in recovery and has been quite literally a Godsend to me these past few days...He shared some thoughts with me when I was lamenting about the fact that "I could go DAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYSSSS without drinking how can I POSSIBLY be an alcoholic?  Don't alcoholics drink from the second they get up until they pass out cold? And I have a good job - that I go to and am good at!  That's not for alcoholics!"  (Does that rationalizing sound familiar or what?)..He replied that he has friends in recovery that were drinking just a bottle and a half of wine 3-4 times a week because that amount for them was unhealthy and dangerous based on their actions and behaviors.  I thought that was an interesting comment and I was wondering how you all felt about it.  Does it really matter how much you drink if you are a mess after you drink it?  Or is the amount the most important aspect in diagnosis?
----------immediate responses--------

There are two main factors for me:..1. Does drinking change who you are?  For me I became (sometimes) an argumentative jerk who thought that everything was about ME!.1. Can you stop if you want to?  The problem for me was that once I got going I couldn't stop.  Even when I wanted to.  I'd always convince myself that "one more" was OK.  And after 10 more I'd be three sheets to the wind... then refer to #1 (above)...Edit: and argumentative jerk -&gt; an argumentative jerk
I always respond to these because I fooled myself into thinking I didn't have a problem for years..I agree with JimBeamsHusband.  I could go for days maybe even 2 weeks not drinking just to say I did it therefore I wasn't an alcoholic.  I did productive stuff around the house when I drank therefore I wasn't an alcoholic.  For the last 10 years I didn't drink alone (or at least it didn't start that way) therefore I wasn't an alcoholic..But....Every time I cracked a bottle I kept going until I ran out passed out or blacked out.  Is it affecting your life?  I tried to think that it wasn't until I thought about all of the fights I got in with my wife or when I made my kids cry or when sheer dumb luck got me home.  .Eventually I learned that I couldn't really 'slow down'.  It wasn't possible.  And it really didn't matter if anyone called me an alcoholic or didn't I had a problem.  In lurking this board and occasionally posting I've noticed that no 2 people are the same except that alcohol seems to have caused us all a lot of problems.  Does that fit you?  If so try stopping.  And not just 'gutting it out' to prove that you don't have a problem so you can go back to destructive drinking.
There are different types.  Some drink every day and are dependent on it while others may not use it every day but abuse it when they do drink...I was recently talking to a good friend of mine last week (we don't live in the same city anymore).  He has the same traits as me not a daily drinker and for the most part can control the amount we drink.  But once the "tone" is set to celebrate the wheels fall off and stupid things happen...I told him I quit altogether he was happy to hear as he was also going to take some time off.  He's been to a few meetings and knows the deal  but trying moderation out.  He said "yup we're full blown alcoholics".  I hadn't been called one before! But it's true we abuse the drug.....Ironically we used to enable each other when drinking and now we are supporting each other in sobriety........
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think there are many theories and quantifiers you can find that tell you whether you are or are not they're all full of shit.  I feel guilty about my drinking that's all I need to know.  
