-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fuhol/bad_anxiety_heart_palpitations_shakes_depressed/

I've been on a constant struggle to control my drinking over the last 6 months. Hangovers are horrible now with all the classic symptoms in the title. I'm 28 young healthy but love to party. Barely drank this weekend (by my standards) 4-5 on sat and the same on sun. Today has been rough everything from anxiety to shaking to feeling depressed. Going to not drink today and hopefully get through this. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it. You'll probably have symptoms and trouble sleeping for a few days but try to drink a lot of water (at least a glass an hour) to help get the toxins out of your system. Moderate exercise will help too...If you have any specific questions or just want to unload then post away. There are a lot of helpful people here who've been through your exact situation.
Stick with it! It takes a few days to truly flush all of the gunk out of your system. Trust me you will feel soooo much better in a few days. Sleep will come. It gets better and better. Keep at it!
Hangovers are actually short miserable bouts of alcohol withdrawal. As one progresses in their alcoholism the physical addiction becomes *real* and when you start to come off the booze -detoxing- you have a "hangover x 10^23" It's actual alcohol withdrawal and can be dangerous.. in early alcoholism detox symptoms are often nausea vomiting tremors night sweats vision changes anxiety insomnia.. most unpleasant...Source: I've been a RN for almost 20 years.. and have detoxed myself. It is painful and brutal but sxms start to abait over 5-7 days. If you get really sick a trip to the ER is a good thing to do.
Good luck /u/reefrash1043.  If you can tough out the next 3 to 4 days you never have to do this again.  
We are all here rooting for you.  You'll get through it.
[deleted]
I am feeling the same way. My hangovers are out of controls  i could handle the weak stomach and headaches but anxiety and panic attacks are too much. Im a weekend binge drinker and i decided this morning i was quitting. ..take it 1 day at a time  we will make it ! 
Withdrawals are no fun. I was was 28 too when I was going through what you're experiencing now. Hang tough lots of fluids and like others have said you'll feel better in a few days if you stay sober.
I definitely do not miss that horrible feeling. Take the first steps in starting a new sober life if you believe you've had enough punishment
My Sunday was similar to this. You will get through it one day at a time.
