-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fwdwp/what_helps_you_not_pick_up_that_first_drink/

I've been struggling the last couple of days but am still sober I keep thinking about drinking but I know I can't. Feeling lonely and thinking about my ex partner is what has brought on my drinking thoughts but I know it will do more damage than good but I still feel like it. My AA sponsor hasn't been very supportive of me so I'm thinking of switching up sponsors when I find someone I click with. So what thoughts/quotes and things stop you guys/girls picking up that first drink?
----------immediate responses--------

Not putting myself in harms way.  No alcohol in the house. period..and early on....I didn't go to bars - not to hear the music  not to have a burger not to see old friends... There was a group of newcomers in AA who kinda hung out together that reduced time alone in my head...  ..Oh and no pity parties with memories of the ex that's mental flagellation.
[deleted]
I have times of temptation too but when I do  I "play the tape forward"...So...what are the chances I will really have just one drink? Pretty damn slim. One single drink will not do anything for me...nothing except make me want more...So I will go get more. And I will continue drinking until the booze runs out or the money runs out. If the issue is money I will borrow some or try to charm someone into buying me a drink. If the issue is the booze running out I will drive drunk to get to the local bar/liquor store/beer distributor drive home and go back to drinking...Tomorrow I will wake up feeling horrible...I will spend the first half hour of my day laying in bed wracking my brain for what I did the night before worrying about what I said to the people I care about. I'll probably call off work due to a hangover (if I relapse it is pretty much guaranteed I'll get drunk enough for a hangover). Then I will get to spend time dry heaving alternating with laying on the couch keeping my head VERY still so I don't get vertigo and nausea...At some point I will get online and scour my Facebook my emails my cell phone and any other communication device to figure out if I did/said/texted/emailed anything horrible or embarrassing. My husband will probably go to work and not talk to me...I'll need to spend some time searching my body for injury. Bruises cuts or burns from cooking while drunk..gotta make sure I didn't hurt myself...It will probably take most of the day for me to be able to eat again due to sour stomach and nausea. I'll make myself something to eat and as soon as I feel better I'll decide I'm ready to drink again........Lather. Rinse. Repeat...Naah. On second thought it isn't worth it...I will not drink today. ..
A solid first step has stopped me from picking up...That and having a safe space. I have no alcohol in the house. I have a safe way to get home if I go out with friends. I avoid bars. I make plans with sober people.
Knowing that I will never achieve what I want if I start drinking again. I have a new life and it's filled with more happiness now that I don't allow myself to be a slave to alcohol.  .I also look at the /r/getmotivated subreddit. This is a quote that gets posted often: http://i.imgur.com/HG34ILW.jpg  .Another [quote from a comment thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/2fpg03/image_there_are_no_limits_there_are_plateaus_but/ckblzs5)  .I hope this helps.
'Play the tape forward' every damn time. ...If the slightest glimmer of a thought crosses my mind that a drink would be ok. I stop what I'm doing and play the next 24 hours in my head....One drink will feel amazing and will be swiftly followed by another. In an hour I'll be really buzzed in two hours I'll be shitfaced....I'll drink until 3 or 4am pass out for a few hours attempt to get up for work fail and call in sick.  I might make it til 1pm before I drink again to kill the hangover....I KNOW that one drink will put me right back on the roller coaster.  ..
This disease took everything that mattered to me except my life and my freedom although I was very much locked in a metaphoric prison. When I say everything I mean everything cars houses my dog a husband my kids jobs friends dignity a place to sleep...you name it. All gone. 
1 is too much and 1000 isnt enough.  So true when I was drinking.  This little guy strikes home with what feeling I will have if I were to have a drink...I can have my life or I can have my liquor.  Cant have both tho choose one.
[deleted]
In the early months of sobriety distraction and getting out among other sober people really helped. I would also go to a movie take a long drive read a book work out cook a healthy meal or go for a walk. Also if your sponsor isn't very supportive then fire him ASAP but find different meetings and locate another sponsor first. I must have gone through 4 sponsors until I found the person who clicked for me...The main thought that keeps me from drinking is realizing that drinking will not make me feel better in the least. It will not make me happy or erase the bad feelings. And knowing that all bad feelings do pass enables me to sit with them until they do. 
I have a list of reasons on my phone for not drinking.  When I get the urge I look at the list.  I'm not doing a program but I have found this sub a good thing to feel not alone in this.  
[deleted]
I fully understand that as soon as I take the first drink I've given all my power over alcohol away. I am completely powerless over alcohol if I drink it. Just like the apple from Snow White. I can touch it sell it do anything with it; as long as I don't drink it. ..And honestly I have evidence that drinking will lead to consequences in my life. All my shitty character defects I've been working on fixing will come back I'll go back to drinking in excess because why else do you drink. ..Every other aspect of my life will suffer to make way for the drink. That's just how it is. I can have family friends job savings education a promising future OR I can drink.
I asked for help and was directed to AA...I called and said this isn't working when am I going to get the serenity?..I was directed to take it to G*d...I said"You Think MY problem is that I'm not Right with G*D!" WTF!..I didn't like that so I said FINE I'll pray F*ckin'As5holes! and I was embarrassed as I got up from the floor after I begged for help....It was like the Power was always there just waiting on me to ask for it and I didn't want to because this would just be one more thing that I would be weak and incompetent with something that I can't handle....But that is the truth I can't handle alcohol. Alcohol takes me for a ride and I'm not allowed to get off the ride until it says so...That's why I can't handle it by myself. I need a Power greater than myself to help. I don't have this I can't do it by myself but now I'm never alone at one o'clock in the morning when I wake up and look at my watch. I'm not alone when I drive by the liquor store I'm not alone when things don't go my way...I've got a Friend that I can call on to bring out the big guns and keep me safe and protected when I'm weak...I ask I seek
