-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g2rdu/52_days_and_struggling/

I'm 24 and a disabled veteran...Im at 52 days sober. I was at a cabin with my girlfriend and another couple who I was friends with for a long time. At the end of the trip after being drunk the entire time I poured the last half of a bottle of 10 year old scotch I bought for my birthday down the drain and haven't had a drop since...This past week someone threw a brick through my car window and robbed me. I don't have the money to fix the window until next month. My girlfriend has called me a bitch about my drinking and am considering the relationship again since then...Tonight I am really struggling with my sobriety. I've been to meetings in the past. I overcame pain pills related to my injury. This last hurdle is in my way...Without alcohol I have problems dealing with my PTSD and interacting with people at college. Interacting with my girlfriend is harder socializing is painful. I attempt to immerse myself in my studies yet in the back of my mind the thirst is rising. Tonight I just feel like saying fuck it all and going back down...I don't really know what to do other than to sit here and attempt to work my way through it. Nobody else I know here has stopped drinking I've been in an inpatient program. I've been to meetings. I don't want to attend another 12 step meeting and have no idea how else to handle this other than focusing on my studies. ..I'm looking for advice..
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there I don't have any witty words of wisdom for you but there is a webchat (link in the right sidebar) full of people willing to listen and help you through this. 
I will start by saying I only speak from experience  not training. I do not claim to fully understand your situation. I do know of the battle to manage my addictions.  Your idea of focus is good. My experience is that hard physical exertion really helps more than only intellectual focus. The body does not like doing the work when poisoned the difficult labor supplants what the booze is used for. Short term exhaustion helps offset the need for the booze. It keeps your head clear to help make good decisions. I wish you the best.
I will not drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  I will go to an AA meeting TODAY.  If my transportation is unavailable I will get rides to where I need to go.  I will detach from toxic relationship if just for TODAY only.  My life will get better when I learn and master the art of living in the here and now.
