-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g3m1v/2_weeks_heres_a_bit_of_my_story/

Wow...I made it 2 full weeks. This is a huge deal for me. Probably the longest I've been sober in 15 years. And it feels amazing...This is a quick summary of what my days were like before I quit:..-4:00am Wake up sick and jittery. Sweating anxious trying to remember what I did last night. What did we have for dinner? What did me and my wife talk about? I can't remember. Jesus. What else have I forgotten? That's it. I'm done with booze...-6:00am Can't take lying in bed anymore. Get up. Brush my teeth. Throw up in the sink. Get in the shower and try to keep my balance so I don't fall out. Manage to keep down a glass of juice and a yoghurt for breakfast. Promise myself I'm done with drinking...-7:45 Get the train to work. Sweating like a pig. Promising myself I won't drink tonight...-9:00- 5:30pm Struggle through work. Annoy my colleagues. Make promises divert attention from myself anything to get through the day because tonight I'm not drinking and tomorrow I'll feel better. I'll do it then. But everyone's annoying. I'm stressed. I'll buy a small bottle. Ease myself into quitting. I definitely won't be hungover tomorrow if I drink less tonight. ..-5:30- 5:45 Stop at the liquor store on my way to the train station. Buy my normal half litre of vodka (what's the point in cutting back tonight? I'll have a big dinner. I'll be fine). Smuggle it into a stall in the train station bathroom. Guzzle it all straight from the bottle in one go. Set the empty on the floor next to the toilet and open a bottle of coke to "hide" the smell from the other passengers on the train...-6:30 Walk in the door to my home. Greet my loving wife who I lie to everyday about my drinking. I'm already drunk so I grab a beer from the fridge and take a big gulp so that she thinks the booze smell is from that and not the vodka...-7:30- 10(ish???) Eat dinner. Drink beer. Slowly fade into the grey and blackout zone. I assume I made my own way to the bedroom. Pass out...- Next day: Rinse. Repeat...So that's where I've been. ..Today I walked the dog read wrote did some freelance work and now I'm celebrating 2 weeks of getting shit done not drinking today and going to bed sober...Thanks SD. I wouldn't be here without you...**TL;DR "I was a f*cking mess two weeks ago. I'm better now."**..*EDIT: spelling.
----------immediate responses--------

This story feels all too familiar with me.  I hid my weekday drinking from my wife for a long time.  I would come home from work quickly down some booze and hide the smell with some food before she got home.  I am disgusted with myself thinkin about it...Amazing job by you man.  Remember each day is a victory.
Congratulations on 2 weeks.  Good for you life gets better.
Congrats- I'm at about the same time sober. That first week was horrible but it's getting so much better now that the big physical withdrawls are fading.
Wow powerful honest "share".....2 weeks is a great victory.
Very powerful story sounds so familiar to me. Probably literally thousands of lost hours that I'll never remember conversations that might as well never have happened...Two weeks is a massive achievement. That first week is pure hell and the second week is recovering from the first week. ..CONGRATS bandit you deserve to reclaim your life. Please keep posting you write beautifully.
