-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g3tc1/some_reflections_affirmations_and_lessons_from_my/

So it's been 7 weeks now. I have been through a number of trigger functions (e.g. concerts bachelor party camping work stress) and have stuck to my trusty club soda the whole time. Not really struggling with that part of it mostly because life has really been improving. Here's how: ..- I am happier. When I was younger it was easier for music to give me goosebumps or to feel gratitude simply for being alive. I drank to try to elicit this feeling at my will but seems I just chased it away. I also don't have to go through the massive 2-day depression that follows from a weekend of binge drinking I notice this in a big way. ..- Because I spend less time  socializing' with my friends I have been able to put more time into my two main hobbies: chess and guitar. In the midst of my binge drinking induced depression I had thought that my guitar skills had peaked. You can hear the song  Digits  here which shows you the caliber of my playing:  http://craigbrown.bandcamp.com/album/sentienta Well with all of my free time I have started to learn some of the intricate Phish songs that I always thought were out of my reach (e.g. Stash and You Enjoy Myself). These songs have opened new pathways and got me through a stuck period that had persisted for years. Its not that my brain is different but that I have more time now that I am not wasting my weekends hanging out and then having to play catch up all week. I should also say that I don't miss my friends all that much I am 32 and the party needed to end. These are all college friends who have stayed friends mostly because of alcohol. Sure there is a love there but not many of them share my interests and many have become too absorbed in the corporeal pursuits of Toronto (e.g. food snobbery fashion etc.). I still have many people I interact with chess pals new friends at school and my wife  lets talk about her for a second. ..- This is a very cool byproduct of stopping drinking. I was very irritable when I was drinking. This was in part because of the battle with minor depression in part because I felt time poor and in part because I felt I was not making the most of my life. To her credit she has stuck by me and has been supportive; in other words she has done her best not to hold my past behaviour against me and this has resulted in a nice little renaissance for us. We have been together 10 years and I think we are the happiest we have ever been. Me being sober is a big part of this. It shows her I am committed to me to her and to us. It is not all prefect or anything but I feel a connection to her that had waned in previous years; especially when I was a dick (which didn't happen when drinking I am a happy drunk person). ..- That's really it. Thanks to this subreddit for helping me through a major craving period a few weeks ago and for those of you struggling I wish you the best. I have been blessed with a new sense of gratitude for life and at least most of this has to do with getting sober. .
----------immediate responses--------

Very nice - I like reading these daily reminder to stay sober and then continue on lifes Journey  ..Take Care
Nice update and insights.
[deleted]
Awesome! I'm excited for you and for all of us in here who are moving forward with hobbies and plans and goals that had been drowning near dead when we were drunking. ..Carry on man! Hope to read another update from you in future weeks.
&gt;I am happier. When I was younger it was easier for music to give me goosebumps or to feel gratitude simply for being alive. I drank to try to elicit this feeling at my will but seems I just chased it away. I also don't have to go through the massive 2-day depression that follows from a weekend of binge drinking I notice this in a big way...This resonates with me so much. I think I have lost the ability to truly feel alive without drinking because I don't have a good relationship with my emotions. It is definitely stunting my emotional growth and outlook on life in subtle and not so subtle ways...Thank you for the great update!
