-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g5y4a/a_very_curious_phenomenon_i_discovered_during_the/

I found that VERY often during the day after a night of drinking even if it was a relatively light night that I would experience a period of time of extreme depression - that's honestly the best word I have for it but even that doesn't really fit and I'm struggling to describe this feeling...How it manifested itself was I would often be hungover but it appeared even when I wasn't and it would usually appear around 11am - 1pm.  It would appear out of the blue and be quite profound...It's not self-loathing and it's not self-hatred.  It's certainly not embarrassment.  It's something different and would usually wallop me when I least expected it...I could be in the middle of a delightful conversation with a friend when all of a sudden BLAM!!! And I felt an intense feeling of depression and very often would have to tell myself that I'm not a bad person that I'm not an idiot or "It's ok SpiritWolfie you'll be just fine.  Don't worry this too will pass."  And it would always pass...I don't remember this feeling from my youth at all.....not like this...Anyone eles experience this?   
----------immediate responses--------

I had some really black moments in the morning after drinking. It would be a sunny day everything fine no immediate trauma or drama going on. The panicked "what have I done???" moments would turn into crushing dread and a sense of doom. Then just total blackness inside. It's the closest I've ever come to feeling suicidal. This happened more frequently and more intensely toward the end - I'm sure I'd pick right back up where I left off if I started drinking again.
Yep been there.
The dreaded "THE DREAD". Oh yeah. It used to hit me first thing in the morning but by the end it would normally rear it's ugly head around 4:30- just in time to hit the liquor store on the way home...
The last couple years of drinking it happened at least daily except with me there was with some definite self loathing and embarrassment. I haven't felt like that in quite some time now and I have no desire to go back.
