-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g7tyn/sinclair_method_update_5_5_and_12_weeks_trigger/

[Click for Latest Chart Here](http://i.imgur.com/1zhzXdH.png)...It's been about 5 1/2 weeks now and things are good. I only have two times where I drank more than I hoped to (the 7 and 8 drink sessions) which is when I was still adjusting the naltrexone dose. Now I'm taking 50mg every time I drink and side-effects are non-existent for me. I have continued to be compliant no matter what. I have no problems sticking to the protocol...I find that when I set a limit beforehand (like on 9/5) I'm able to stick to it. When I don't (like for my friend's bday party on 9/6) I still drink an amount that is acceptable to me....This was where I always hoped I could be and I'm happy with things. I know I'm not drinking "moderately" according to the limits the health experts set for women but I'm happy and this was all I really wanted before my journey here started back in March(?). ...I'm spending more time on the sinclair method support forums these days but I still share here once a week for those who are interested. ...*Disclaimer - The Sinclair Method includes taking naltrexone 1 hour before drinking only before drinking. I'm not asking for anyone else to do this. I'm doing this method under my doctor and therapists care and following directions. I'm aware of the arguments against this but this is what I have chosen to do and it's working in the way that I want it to. For those of you who have found sobriety I'm glad you did. For those struggling keep going and seek help if you need to. All the best to my /r/stopdrinking comrades*
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the update young lady!  Hope things continue to be positive for you.  Good luck.
Hi SG I always look forward to your updates. From the chart it looks like you are doing very well. Congrats!
Always good to hear your good news /u/sober_girl. 
A serious question: have the long-term effects of naltrexone been studied? ..It's working for you and that's great. But what if science proves that taking the drug for a long period of time is detrimental to your health - will you have something to fall back should you decide to maintain your moderation/sobriety?
Eyeballing a fit it looks like your cravings and consumption have stabilized over the last ~3 weeks. Are you still expecting a gradual extinction in both or will you maintain this level because you're happy and where you hoped to be?..For what it's worth when I was at 4-6 weeks of abstinence my cravings were still very strong and much higher than when I was struggling to moderate.
Great graph.  Keep us updated.  Thanks for putting in the effort.  
Way to go!..This is a wildly interesting subject in part because the best data collected happens to be by the Euopeans who are having better luck with moderation approaches than abstinence...I initially thought I would do inpatient detox followed by a brief stint of abstinence followed by moderation. So far I'm loving the abstinence part and (hope) to continue this pathway for the future with the long term (10+ years) vision for eventual moderation. ..Oddly the thought of eventual moderation seems to be helping with my success at abstinence. It sounds unintuitive but I think it's helpful because it tempers the anxiety brought about by the idea that "this is it forever! I will never drink again!!!"..For me "I sure hope to be able to drink again" gives me the freedom to explore abstinence on MY TERMS and not those of an ideological or almost religious perspective. I suspect that this freedom is likely going to result in permanent abstinence which is one successful outcome!..Keep it up!
