-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g8p0i/struggling_this_evening/

Since about noon I've wanted a drink. Just one. A little one. A 9 oz beer from the brewpub I love to go to. One one. "Just one" says the voice of my problem "you deserve it! It's Friday how can it really be Friday if you don't drink?". But it's never just one it hasn't been just one in a long time. ..I'm not drinking. It's still Friday. I got my boyfriend to give me a ride home from work so I didn't have to walk by the bars or liquor stores. We went to Walmart. I got cream puffs and new pajamas. I printed some coloring pages before I left work and I've got my markers on my desk. I started coloring when I was inpatient at the psych ward (before my drinking became a problem) as a distraction and stress management thing. I'm glad I still have the markers. I'm preheating the oven for au gratin potatoes from a box. I'm denying myself booze at least for tonight I'm not going to deny myself the junk food I like. Boyfriend took the last of my booze with him when he left. His wife (open relationship everyone is on board pleasedon'tjudge) will enjoy the rum. ..I'll shower eat color maybe rent a movie on Amazon Prime. Wear my new fleece PJs. Maybe do my nails. I won't drink. It'll still be Friday. I can relax and indulge myself without getting back on the path to self-destruction. This has been the hardest day yet. But I'm not giving in. Not just one drink. No drinks nothing harder than a cherry coke zero. I'm struggling but I'm not giving up on myself. I deserve better than that.
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of tools and plans. Good for you!
Hi kitty. It is cool dreary and rainy here with a frost warning for tonight. My sister just left after a pleasant visit of several days and I'm feeling a bit lonely. Your post gave me ideas and cheered me up. Thanks!
That sounds like a great plan kittycathleen maybe because it sounds like what I did with myself when I had about your same number of days sober. I found if I kept my hands busy it helped so I briefly picked up crocheting for the first couple of month. The self-care (fleece pjs and painting your nails) is a biggie too. Treating yourself with the care and respect you deserve is priceless. ..If things feel like they're building up hop into chat (or keep posting here for that matter). We will be here for you okay? ..And you're right. You are totally worth it. :-)
Good for you!  These early days can be difficult because your brain is trying to sabotage you.  Enjoy your cream puffs sounds like you have a good plan to keep busy.  
Stay with the plan.... I talk my way home sometimes with whosoever I can get on phone but I limit my call time to each if they are busy ....whatever works for the day 
You've got this! The first week is tough but you sound like you've got a plan. If you get bored you can jump on the irc chat! 
Hi /u/kittycathleen don't think of it in the terms of "Denying yourself booze..." think of it as "Giving yourself a hangover free weekend!"..
You are doing a heroic job of this /u/kittycathleen--and by not giving in you are crossing the Rubicon.  
[deleted]
I haven't an artistic bone in my body my therapy is reading. When I first got sober I had a room full of books with place markers within the first 100 pages where my drinking made me stop and never went back to. In my first 90 days I think I read 45 books. I'm usually the read the book before seeing the movie type but had fallen out of that habit drunk reading is hard! I was excited to see that a book I read in that time is an upcoming movie!! James Gandalfini's last performance in Dennis Lehane's "The Drop." ..I'd love to see your art if you want to share :)
Keep your head up. Today is my first Friday sober too it has been awful. But I'm not gonna give in. I'm gonna think about why I'm trying to live a better life and just try and relax. You're gonna be okay I'm gonna be okay.
Hey..I just wanted to say I've been struggling the past couple weeks. Tonight I've been alone and bored and restless. I was really considering going out to the bar ("just to hang out since I'm so bored") then I was thinking "fuck it I'm just gonna grab a bottle". I was losing that fight with myself. Reading your post here renewed my resolve. ..*If you won't drink tonight then neither will I.*..I wanted you to know that you're not alone and that you've helped me thank you /u/kittycathleen.
Hey kittycathleen you are doing EXACTLY the right thing. And you are setting a great precedent for yourself.  ..You managed to tag up with the BF to keep you away from temptation and to hold yourself accountable. You rewarded yourself with cream puffs and some comfy new PJ's. You put together a PLAN for the evening instead of being at a loss for what to do. And you jumped on here and posted....staying in contact with the rest of us alcoholics.  ..This is just freakin' AWESOME and you should be very proud of yourself.
