-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g9b03/live_by_the_harmless_untruths_that_make_you_brave/

I struggled a lot with the whole higher power thing. The big book called it "intellectual pride" to continue to hang on to the "I don't believe in god" thing as a way to stall step work. I don't know what my higher power or god is and I don't think it's possible for me to know. "To understand god is to be equal to god and we are not equal." Through a lot of work a lot of thinking and a lot of reaching out I have finally gotten to a point where I just don't care to define it anymore. I am not God; I am not in control. That is all it comes down to. ..Every day I turn my will and my life over to silly lovely kindness beauty music art the sky the universe spirituality whatever... This harmless "untruth" of god has worked for so many others. I want to be brave and kind and healthy and happy. So I'm all in...Just had to sort this thought out in writing and hoped that the quote would help someone else:)
----------immediate responses--------

That's how I see it too.
Those are my truths. :-)..Happy to see you with both feet wet girlie. 
Nicely done.
Well put. One of the guys in my group once stated his opinion that one has to have a higher power "whether it's Krishna or Jesus or some fence post in a field." I like the phrase "harmless untruths." I'm going to hold onto that for future reference.
From Edward Wilson's "Consilience":..&gt; All that has been learned empirically about evolution in general.and mental process in particular suggests that the brain is a machine.assembled not to understand itself but to survive. Because these two.ends are basically different the mind unaided by factual knowledge.from science sees the world only in little pieces. It throws a spotlight on.those portions of the world it must know in order to live to the next day.and surrenders the rest to darkness..That has helped me a few times where I'm tempted to throw my hands up and say "this won't work if I'm not a creationist" or whatever I'm worried about at the moment. The world is as it is. If it's not for me to know it's surrendered to darkness. The profound complexity of the world lower than me insofar as quarks and quanta go and the world higher than me insofar as galaxies and potential multiverses go is enough to say 1) I can't control everything 2) things as they are for reasons beyond my comprehension 3) I benefit from chaos in that I get to be...From where I see the world the sheer unlikely nature of existence is awe inspiring. I'll pray to the void; not because I believe the void listens but because I believe that humble prayer lets thoughts out and sets intentions up and allows for insight into opportunities I have systematically dismissed. I'll give my will and my life over to the void because that's where it is anyways as I see it and trying to fit everything into little boxes is exhausting and unproductive. Easier said than done to just let things be and trust that they'll be alright but the idea's there. ..I still struggle with Step 7 though. I have to do a bit of mental gymnastics to sort out what I'm asking to relieve my defects. It's a work in progress. 
Exceptionally well said!
I relate to this so much. I struggled really hard to come up with a conception that would work for me while knowing that it wouldn't be "God" as other people usually use that word.  ..But in the background I was trying to make it work with my pre-existing zen buddhist practice and one day it finally hit me that zen is centrally about *not* creating such concepts. That was liberating for me. The struggle was good and I needed it but it was freeing to realize I *don't* have to define it at all.
If so many people with so many different higher powers and some without any can all get sober... how can this be?..My belief is that it is the attitude I take that matters. I also believe in the 'void' or sometimes 'compassion' or sometimes 'humility' or sometimes the 'truth.' Who knows. It doesn't matter. What does matter is my attitude. The second I believe I know the final answer my mind stops listening. When I stop listening I cannot tell when I am making mistakes. I make mistakes but begin the path of rationalization and denial. Then I isolate from other people. I stop growing. I cease gaining wisdom...At it's core my 'higher power' is my attitude that *I am not it* and that I need to remain open to the possibility that *I may be mistaken*. Which is a painful painful thing sometimes. But it allows me to live an examined life. At least some of the time. And then I'm sober!
In my life there have been no "harmless untruths."  And I have too often been made to pay the price for deceptions and lies that others in my life considered harmless.  Perhaps they were.  To them.  The only thing that has ever been reliable trustworthy and enduringly successful for me is complete honesty.  I could not possibly build a life of sober progress on a lie.  People who think this way scare the crap out of me.  I avoid them...But that's just me.  YMMV.
i need to be reset to day 1 (just to counteract badge). But i hate all the god stuff of aa. It completely alienated me from going and made me dislike and resent the people. Btw i'm not a reddit athiest i just feel like i'm being manipulated at my lowest...Maybe with this frame of reference i can engage with it.
