-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gaegx/affirmations_exercise_for_step_one_and_for/

I have started working through the first step using a book given to me by /u/VictoriaElaine called "A gentle path through the twelve steps" by Patrick Carnes. I am completely unfamiliar with other ways of working through the first step as I am attending Smart meetings and not AA but I am open to guidance and help in any form. Trying on my own led to so many failures that I've just accepted my need for others' wisdom in the matter and that it is time to stop saying no to help forever...The first exercise in the step one chapter of the book is to read through a list of affirmations and select the ones that feel right for you (and add any you can think of to the list). OMG so many feels! These are meant to be repeated to yourself dailiy when needed a whooole bunch of times. I want to share the affirmations that resonated with me and struck me as very instructive for these early days of my sobriety. Hopefully someone else will get something from them too. ..Note: I number them incase anyone wants to discuss. Not in order of importance...1- I move into a new and blessed phase of my time here...2- I seek guides in my life and understand that they may be different than I anticipate...3- I accept the messages surrounding me. Negativity is replaced with positive acceptance...4- I realize that I have had a hard life and that I deserve better...5- I comfort and nurture myself. As part of the surrender of my pride I will let others give to me as an act of faith in my value as a person...6- I accept my illness as a part of the trauma of this culture and my family...7-I appreciate that in the chaos of the now my instinct and beliefs may work against me. My recovery friends help me sort out healthy instincts and beliefs from unhealthy ones...8- I recognize that time is transforming my loneliness into solitude my suffering into meaning and relationships into intimacy...9- I do not blame or search for fault. It is not who but how and what happened. ..10- I commit to reality at all costs knowing that it is where I will find ultimate serenity...11- I accept that life is difficult and that leaning into the struggle adds to my balance....Thanks for reading. I hope everyone has at least one good moment in their day today.
----------immediate responses--------

SilverB I love this thanks for taking the time to type these out. #2 and #8 particularly jumped out at me they seem to relate pretty directly to issues I'm dealing with right now. I like 5 10 and 11 too - they spell out ideas that I think are really positive for me to think about and internalize. I'm going to add that book to my reading list.
I'm in semi-early sobriety and I find these all very helpful.  I love "leaning into the struggle adds to my balance."  Quite true.
wow.  #8.  thanks for posting!
&gt;6- I accept my illness as a part of the trauma of this culture and my family...I keep pondering this. I'm not sure if I'm interpreting this correctly but I know there is no such thing as a perfect family or culture. Growing up I had what many would consider to be the perfect family -- parents who never fought or drank were always together structure and routine one parent always at home a loving mother and father -- but at the same time I never felt like I was good enough. I always felt a sense of shortcoming and guilt. These feelings led me to depression anxiety and yes alcoholism. Understanding where these feelings stem from has helped me let go of a lot of this pain and made it easier to see a way out...Thanks for your post. The other affirmations are meaningful as well. This one just really made me think.
I'm so glad you're enjoying the exercises. I remember feeling so "full" reading through this chapter. 
