-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gbz2e/relapsed_last_night_and_feel_so_ashamed/

Does anybody have any useful or helpful ways of dealing with feelings of guilt? I relapsed last night and feel so so incredibly guilty.  I didn't drink much over this past summer and was sober for two weeks before last night so clearly I wouldn't be able to handle the same amount of liquor I used to be able to.  I knew going out with the company I was going with wasn't a good idea (heavy drinkers very much "let's all do shots!") but I did anyway.  Part of me wanted to stay sober and part of me was just stressed from the week and tired of fighting to stay sober.  But of course I was going to "only have a few."..I don't remember anything that happened after midnight and apparently I was up until 3.  I don't remember getting home although I vaguely remember walking outside the bar and hailing a cab straight home.  While this was the smartest thing for me to do at that level of intoxication it was very expensive and furthermore separating from my friends was just plain dangerous (I'm a girl).  I hateeee blacking out.  I hate it so much.  It absolutely terrifies me--it was not a safe situation for me to be drinking so much in and instead I can't even remember...So I'm starting over today.  Might go to a party later but I feel no cravings to drink (too hungover and I've never been a hair-of-the-dog type).  I just feel so guilty and ashamed.  I know it could have been worse but that's the thing--it could have been worse.  I feel really lucky that I didn't do anything worse.  Any support or advice would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Is your goal sobriety? Moderation? I think staying home from that party would be a good idea
In the long term I got rid of a lot of my guilt by getting rid of hangovers. In the short term the best way to combat guilt is to move your feet. Go to an AA meeting or something. Take some positive action...IMHO going to a party the night after blackout drinking pretty much guarantees that you're going to drink. If not tonight then tomorrow or next week. It is not a positive action towards sobriety and it is not going to help you feel better about yourself. 
I wouldn't go to the party.  I would stay home in my comfies drink a lot of water and tea and be gentle with myself.  Or I would get it together and head to a meeting.  The party is a definite no IMO.
If you are serious about being sober you would not be going to another party. It tells me you need more information about alcoholism and more support such as a therapist AA and/or SMART Recovery. Alcoholism is a deadly disease. Acceptance of this fact means we are willing to go to any lengths to move into remission and recovery. Your behavior is questionable. Feel free to ask questions. Please get more help because your post is confusing.
[deleted]
we have all been there...get back on the wagon and move forward..only way to feel better :).
