-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gcmxm/sometimes_i_am_scared/

Sometimes I am a greatful recovered alcoholic and drug addict..And sometimes I'm scared shitless. Watching people go in and out of those rooms..  I'm one bad decision away from my life falling apart. Because one drink and I KNOW that I'm ruining my life..I'm scared that this disease will be what ultimately kills me. I've seen too many people die and I want to scream and cry over it sometimes...Scared that I'll never get forgiveness for the things I've done. But this never was about that. But sometimes I WANT it.  Scared I'll never be able to see the two people I hurt most. ..One because I'm too scared to try. So scared he wouldn't want to hear me. That was too terrible and too selfish and too cruel... The other because they relapsed and I'm too scared to see him like that. Because I once admired him more than anyone else in this world and I'd like to remember him as that man. Not as who he is now: selfish high and angry. And I just want more than anything for him to live on in my memory as sober and altruistic and patient and kind. As beautiful.  Now he's hateful and angry. ..I'm selfish and self obsessed sometimes...Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

On the plus side. Almost 6 months since I finished working the steps with my sponsor
Congrats /u/Splinter1591 on your half year!  ..Anxiety about the future is borrowing grief and crapping all over TODAY.  Why do that? 
&gt;Sometimes I am a greatful recovered alcoholic and drug addict And sometimes I'm scared shitless...This my friend is the roller coaster of life. I am so confident sometimes it scares me but the next day I will be the meekest person you meet.    As time goes on your friend may sober up and you can make your amends as for the other person the time will come.  I am also selfish and self obsessed sometimes and most other people are as well.  I am always right too!  The trick is to live in the moment and not pick up.
