-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gihj7/cunning_baffling_powerful/

Now I'm not huge ino AA.  I've been before and I still go occassionally but I am not currently working the program.  That being said this hit me today 'Remember we deal with alcohol-cunning baffling powerful.' .. I was already struggling today and was trying to keep to a strict plan of school work and a few other activites to keep me active.  At the beginning of the day I wanted to climb in a bottle and hide from the world-I move past it and begin studying and a few assignements get done and addict me thinks "Hey!  I've done great!  I deserve a break!"  Sane me reels me back in.  I play the tape forward and move on with my day.  I walk my dogs run an errand and I'm about to go for a run.  Well I get interrupted shortly after my warm up and struggle.  But the thing is-my own alcoholic brain is what interrupted my short run.  It was a stupid excuse I didn't even realize until an hour later of white-knuckling.  I realized I was tricking myself into thinking I couldn't run today that it was too early to make dinner ONE HUNDRED other reasons.  In the moment I thought I had legit reasons to quit-and the second I quit the voice started with the reasons and the excuses.  And that is when this hit me-cunning baffling powerful.  It was coming at me and my guard was down.  ..It took being honest with myself and I am relieved.  Tonight I am sober and after my run I was so grateful I didn't pick up and I knew had I not realized this I would have been 6 shots in and not grateful that I picked up.  Stay strong people.  Don't let the voice berate you sweet talk you put rosey glasses on you or anything.  
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Extremely well-said.  Great insight.  
Way to stand up anf fight! I'm glad you are staying active. Excellent work. 
See? Doesn't it feel goddamn great to stare it down? ..You're almost at a month! Keep up the great work. 
Good job making it through! Yea some days I get to the gym and I just dont feel that mojo. I get warmed up and I'm just not feeling it. Sometimes (rarely) I call it early. Thats cool though its a marathon not a sprint...My mantra - Without alcohol I AM cunning baffling and powerful. It is my Achilles heel...You are powerful too. Dont forget that!
That phrase "Cunning Baffling Powerful" kicked me in the ass the first time I heard it and it still does. It is such an apt description for my relationship with alcohol. It was then that I thought "these AA people just might know what they're talking about."..From your post it sounds like you are working the program at least partially. It sounds like you've taken quite a few of the tools and techniques and are using them to give yourself the gift of another sober day. ..There's a lot of nonsense and bullshit in AA and a lot of people in love with the sound of their own voice go to meetings. But there is also a lot of help and wisdom in there too. The tricky part is that some of the latter looks like the former at first glance. I heard people say things in meetings when I was a few weeks in that sounded like complete BS. Then a few months or even years later those things were still sticking with me and sounded truer than ever before. One example was "learning to become a human". That sounded like the stupidest thing I'd ever heard when I had a month sober then at 3 months sober I realized that's exactly what I was doing every sober day. ..I'm rambling. Congratulations on your 24 days good work staying sober despite your alcoholic brain trying to trick you. Well done keep it up.
It always surprises me that the voice doesn't speak in a different tone it sounds like your own thinking..Good job catching it and calling it what it is being honest with yourself is one of the most important things when it comes to staying sober. I read a post about a guy who relapse after some 16 years sober. He talked about being involved with the program chairing meetings then he stopped going and eventually thought "it was a stroke of bad luck" then fell down the hole..All I could think was wow his sober life sounds shitty but in reality it was interesting. He was doing things with his life and found purpose through helping people. Whereas when he was drinking again he did nothing for nobody including himself who suffered the most. ..It astounds me how deep this disease really goes. I mean alcohol took away everything in our lives yet it tries to convince us that everything will improve if you come back. It's cunning that's for sure baffling in the lengths it will go to get you to drink and unreal how powerful it is once it has you in it's grasp...Keep going dude I'm 21 and I can say everything in life is better. Just had a girl fuck me over and honestly I've been so hurt this past week it's driving me crazy trying to mood alter. But oddly enough I enjoy how raw it feels I never gave a fuck when I drank and this just shows how sensitive I really am. I'm not as heartless as my alcoholic self tried to convince me of
