-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gjlmn/to_the_universe/

I just want to throw my feelings out there.  I'm an alcoholic and I really struggled with my relationship with alcohol.  I've only ever really really tried to quit 2 or 3 times in my life and it didn't last long.  ..In the beginning I liked booze and thought it made me a fun person.  Soon it became an identity for myself and eventually I couldn't feel like myself unless I was drinking.  The last few years or so I've gotten liquor drunk just about everyday.  It was a miracle I could hide it until my dui...Anyway I realize I don't have a whole lot to say that isn't already said here in stopdrinking but I'm here and I'm really going to try.  I liked what one user said about "embracing your inner lameness".  I think about that often...But I don't have any questions or anything.  I feel like posting this is more for myself and just getting it off my chest...I wish good fortunes for everyone else here as well!..Also to offtherocks and jimbeamshusband: I've seen you guys posting on here for so long and think it's mighty noble of you.  I remember seeing your names here over a year ago and marvel at that thought.  ..Any general Advice is welcome. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

To the universe... I understand...I wrote a little note to myself alone late at night on the computer before I knew of a place like this...The note was very similar to yours...On behalf of the void and the universe... welcome! We will toss you a message back...General advice? I wasn't able to moderate my drinking. I had to get completely sober or else I was dogged by just that horrible feeling of having a few and feeling totally unsatisfied. Enraged that I could only drink a few. Only alcoholics ever related to that feeling when I talked about it. So... had to get sober.....I don't know. There's so many ways to do it so many people willing to help but you have to ask for it. You can also try and do it yourself... but I certainly didn't. I had therapy AA outpatient treatment family support... I was pretty much carried by people in early recovery. And I'm none the worse the wear for it. ..Embrace your inner lameness... I like that. But it's deeper than that. Yes. I'm not going to party as hard anymore. ..But you know what? I'm also going to be a real motherfucker not a fake-ass lying phony. I'm the same person in front of my friends as I am alone at night in front of this computer. I'm not hiding in front of the world. I am a decent guy I have a moderate level of integrity. People trust me in their houses around their property and around their girlfriends...I enjoy spending time with my family and I tell them I love them and I mean it...I can't buy that feeling...So if that's lameness I'm holding on with both hands.
haven't heard of the "embracing your inner lameness" and I like that.  You made me have a good laugh this morning!  Thanks :)
Welcome /u/BrownPaperBag -- I have a feeling I've shared these [Baby Steps with you in the past.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gg9tp/where_to_start_stopping_the_baby_steps/)  There are some great ideas that work for a lot of people including me including this morning.  
Dude you are not lame.  As you are on the journey you will realize how much fun you can have while being sober and exploring the world!..I know you will have a positive attitude soon...All the best! 
