-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2glom8/our_egos/

I began intensive outpatient therapy at the end of February 2014 and have been sober since. I count myself so fortunate to have found this program and to have the support of loved ones. I love being sober and I only wish I could have found this happiness sooner!..One thing I've been thinking about lately is just how much our egos can get in the way of our recovery. When I was new in sobriety and group therapy I was certain I was different than all the others. I was special I wasn't like "these people." They have problems I'm just in a rut. My how time can change the way we think. In meeting rooms nobody is special and I wouldn't want to be. I find solace support and companionship in our shared struggles...I am so grateful to have embraced the nature of my addiction and be on a better path. With each newcomer I am reminded of the struggles I faced not 7 months ago. This has been a humbling wonderful experience.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;just how much our egos can get in the way of our recovery..My ego was pretty much the *only* thing that hindered my recovery...When I think back to the refusal to accept direction the lack of open-mindedness dishonesty contempt and general all-around cantankerousness that was me when I didn't have a drink or two (dozen) under my belt I'm amazed that I got sober at all...BTW I flunked outpatient so maybe I *am* special.
Well said
Once I got out of my own way sobriety was fairly easy enjoyable even.
Great post /u/jdee1 -- I was talking to another one of our SD newcomers on just this issue this afternoon.  For me the answer was to stop brooding about my pride or self-image and just move my feet.  Bit by bit as I sat in AA meetings listening showing up shaking hands I got significant sober time: 30 60 ...180 days and then I had clarity.  Moving my feet and not intellectualizing anything WORKED.  
I do struggle with the idea that I need to re-align my beliefs to fit a certain AA mold because not doing so is my "ego getting in the way of my recovery." 
