-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gv3fj/worried_about_attending_a_hs_reunion_in_vegas/

Title pretty much says it all. ..I had a group of about ten friends in a High School and our common bond was struggling with all of the pressure from parents and teachers to be rock star overachievers. For worse (not better) one outlet was substance abuse. I crafted a science fair project for the specific purpose of getting access to a tank of nitrous that kept us numb for two years...So these friends we meet every couple of years for our own HS reunion. Sometimes Europe this time Vegas. It's always been awkward for me the feelings of inadequacy around them. Hell I think I got a Ph.D. and did two post doc tours In large part to make my mom happy and look good in their eyes. But it was never enough. And still isn't. And yes I do this to my narcissistic self...One guy managed the entire iPod division working with Steve J. on a daily basis. Another is the top guy in Psychiatry at UCLA med school. And another is a whiz bang defense attorney who miraculously got a guy off who was facing a capital murder charge. You get the idea...So my dilemma is not so much whether I kept up with this level of success as it is the drinking. Whenever we got together over the years I became acutely aware that they were becoming more aware that my drinking was gradually getting out of hand. ..And now I'll be facing them in Vegas in a couple of weeks. And they will think it's very odd that the drinking guy isn't drinking. It's not like any of these people would encourage me to drink and some of them don't drink either. But I'm just terrified of how I'll deal with the self-induced paranoia of embarrassment when they ask me the guy who once taught wine classes to choose and taste the wine...Normally I give the Dr excuse (ie Dr says..) but I'll be sitting next to one of the top Drs in the world. So short of claiming liver damage hell know there is no condition requiring abstinence. You get the idea...So to sum up I'm terrified of the feelings of soul-crushing inadequacy and shame I will feel at this reunion in Vegas when I decline alcohol. I realize the feelings will be self-induced. And I realize my life and sobriety come first. And I'm not so worried about my ability to not drink on the surface. I'm more worried about what could happen should I collapse into a blathering heap when I return to my hotel room. And oddly I also think that it is important for my sobriety that I attend; that I face this demon head on and work through it...I'll stop there...I love you guys..
----------immediate responses--------

You have done a fantastic job this last year /u/TumbleSex69 getting and staying SOBER so how did you accomplish that feat?  Part of what you did was consciously or unconsciously plan out everyday right?  Look at the [Chicago Meet Up post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fzy6x/the_first_ever_columbus_day_sd_lunch_chicago_style/) what are we doing?  Planning our SOBER meet up.  We are talking about working in AA meetings and how we are going to spend our time.  Approach Vegas the same way.  Plan your time plan recovery meetings to get out of the reunion bubble and more importantly plan to do EACH day all the things that kept you sober till now.  Finally have a great time and keep updating us for accountability.
I think that you are here is a good sign. I feel  that when I go somewhere I need to make a plan to stay sober or I will subconsciously make a plan to drink. I would suggest you take 15 minutes and actually sketch out a plan on paper. There is a surprisingly large sober community in Vegas. Take advantage of it. If it means getting up early to walk your butt to a meeting do it!..As far as your friends people who genuinely care about will be supportive. If your lack of control with drink had become apparent I suspect many of them will be happy to seen you making positive changes in your life. I was so scared of my friends finding out. They already knew I had a problem. Those that loved me gave me support; those that didn't have wandered away. ..You got this /u/TumbleSex69!
Can you call some or all of them ahead of time and just let them know you've stopped drinking and want their support in Vegas?  It may be easier to deal with one-on-one and on the phone rather than feel like you have to make an annoucement in the "spotlight" of the group in the middle of a dinner.  
From what you posted the most successful out of your whole group of friends is you.  While what you've accomplished in your academic and post academic life while being a practicing alcoholic is commendable the fact that you've been sober these past 193 days is the ultimate feat in and of itself...You're not playing with the same deck as your old classmates so don't compare yourself to them.  Your sobriety is first and foremost in your life so let those old friends be a part of that as well.  Let them know what's going on.  They "should" be intelligent enough (especially the doctor) to support you fully and help make Vegas awesome!..I've been to Vegas about 10 times all in sobriety.  It's an absolute blast and there's so much to do and not do.  From taking in all the sights and sounds and free stuff to do to just lounging at the pool...Enjoy your trip and relish how different and new it'll feel compared to the past.
[deleted]
Kudos for posting your concerns. There are many excellent suggestions and comments already. Here's what I will add. ...&gt; I'm terrified of the feelings of soul-crushing inadequacy and shame I will feel at this reunion in Vegas when I decline alcohol...In the time before the reunion talk about this statement with your sponsor and/or therapist. Understanding and accepting your disease of alcoholism needs some bolstering. You have so many reasons to be proud. You may realize when you see your friends how much you have grown and changed in your sobriety. This can be scary. You my friend are the hero of the group.
So they aren't your friends if they give you shit...Seek therapy you obviously need it.
I think you have accomplished more then them all put together.193 days sober.Hold your head upstand proud.you have accomplished something truly amazing.Have fun.
I think if you're honest with them they will understand. Like kdsura suggested tell them in advance. If you were anything like me when you were drinking they won't be at all surprised and will probably be supportive of your decision. ..One of the things I've learned from sobriety is that the only people that care about what's in your glass is other alcoholics.
I had to skip events early on in my recovery...Better said I decided against going to certain ones (like friends weddings) based on advice from my support system...In retrospect I am glad I did not go.  At the time I was resentful and frustrated.  ..Personally I choose to take as few risks as possible with my sobriety.  It is a personal decision with tradeoffs but I am comfortable with it.
