-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gzzpd/to_those_out_there_who_have_booze_lying_around/

As a few of you may have seen from someone's deleted post earlier today alcohol can be a difficult thing to throw away.  It has so ingrained itself in our consciousness as something that is to be valued and kept that we find ourselves struggling to throw it away even when we know what destructive power it has.  I know I have experienced this difficulty and based on the stories I've seen on this subreddit in the past months I'm not alone...While I can't claim to be a sobriety expert nor can I say that my personal beliefs and practices hold the only true key to sobriety it seems to me that only an irrational mindset could concede a hopeless addiction to alcohol yet hesitate in its disposal.  Alcoholism is by its very nature an inability to resist temptation...A friend of mine who doesn't know that I stopped drinking recently gave me a bottle of expensive liquor. I took the gift graciously and promptly re-gifted it. Had I not had this option I would have donated it somewhere or poured it down the drain as a last resort. As much as it may seem a "waste" to get rid of an expensive bottle the real waste would be the squandering of my sobriety by allowing it to tempt me. What is a bottle worth if it contains nothing but the power to send me down a bad road. Why would I value that? Why should *any of us* value that?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you knew what the right thing for you to do was and that was get it out of sight. ..That reminds me.  Ironically enough on my 4th year of celebrating my sobriety that very day my boss gave me a bottle of champagne in celebration of our product going live...It sat on the counter a few days at home didn't really bother me.  Evidently it did the wife and she disposed of it.  
I keep a bottle of Jack Daniels out of sight for guests who may drink. Depending on where you are in your journey that may not be such a great idea. I have found that if I want to drink it won't matter whether it is on my counter or the store shelf I will find it and consume it.
They take a bunch of vegetables let them rot filter out the chunks then stick it in a fancy bottle &amp; slap a big price tag on it.  That's what alcohol really is. ..Imagine you're at party &amp; someone hands you a Coke that you don't want. Now imagine you're at a party &amp; someone hands you an alcoholic beverage that you don't want.  Which of those are you more likely to set down on a table &amp; walk away from?  ..Alcohol manufacturers have spent a ton of money teaching you that their rotting vegetable matter has value.  It doesn't.  See through the BS.
Why even accept the gift in the first place. Why not say "no thanks I'm a recovering alcoholic." Or "I appreciate the gift but I don't drink."
[deleted]
