-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h0unl/this_needs_to_stop/

Tl;dr - 22 y.o. quitting drinking today. I'm scared and need advice...So I had a wake up call. I'm 22 still at university and trapped in the university drinking mentality (I have a year of my course to go). I go out and get wasted as a social activity - it's par for our course. But the reality is I get no satisfaction out of it I just wake up tired hungover and pretty miserable. Repeat two three times a week and through in beers most other days...My biggest failure is that I use alcohol as a coping mechanism. When I'm stressed tired angry upset - whatever - I turn to alcohol. And the consequence is that I lose control and take it out on other people (not physically mind you - just emotionally). I have a lot of work to do on a personal level to work through this behaviour. But the first step is cutting alcohol out of my life because bing drinking is only making my life worse...But I'm scared. I work in a job where drinking is basically an expectation and I don't see that changing. I'm only 22 and I struggle to see a way through the next 1 2 5 10 years without drinking. At the same time I don't know how to quit drinking. It's such an integral part of my life and while I've given up for periods of time before totally abstaining is quite scary...I know that there are a lot of young people on this board who've likely had this same experience. I'm desperate for your guidance. I'm really scared and I don't know how to change - what the best way to change is. But I desperately desperately want to. And I start today.
----------immediate responses--------

I quit at 22 as well. ..Here's what you need to know:..You have admitted its a coping mechanism. Now you must actually cope or you will drink or do something unhealthy to cope. You don't want to get sober and end up on the no fap page a month later. Exercise and talk about your feelings to a compassionate adult or professional. ..Drinking is a common thing in college but I think you would be surprised by the number of your classmates who rarely drink. There are groups of friends who go hiking and shit. I was shocked to find that out. ..You'll be alright. 
Welcome /u/justo2401 to /r/stopdrinking -- Your's is a great age to stop drinking.  Notice that I am saying stop drinking because quitting implies a decision that encompasses the future and most of us can barely handle not drinking next month let alone a decade from now.  So I focus on making a decision not to drink TODAY.  Here's a link to what I call [the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gg9tp/where_to_start_stopping_the_baby_steps/) which spells out how I stopped drinking and got sober.  Good luck.
I think what may help is accepting that it can be scary and can be hard at times but that is OKAY! It is normal and the hard work will pay off in many different forms.  .If alcohol only harms you and makes you feel like junk why even bother with it right? /u/coolcrosby put it well. Take it a day at a time and it'll make it that much easier. You can do this! We'll help you any time you need it..
