-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h26id/seeing_a_pattern_of_perseverance/

I've been having rebound REM and so I dream every night. Last night I had the worst and most vivid drinking-related nightmare I've had so far. I joined movie night last night for *Caddyshack* and really enjoyed it but I think all the drinking in the movie impacted me. Without getting into too much detail in my dream I drank a half a bottle of schnapps and instantly realized I had made a regrettable decision. So as the pattern goes I then grabbed a bottle of scotch and stood in my brother's kitchen drinking with tears streaming down my face. My boyfriend said I was making noises so he shook me but I didn't wake up. When I did wake up I felt like I'd really been drinking. That's how vivid the dream was...Because of the feelings associated with this dream I decided to do some self reflection before starting on my work. I searched and read my past posts on this sub. I saw a pattern of optimism followed by setbacks. I read my post 6 months ago where I felt so self confident because I had made it 40 days then a few days later I relapsed. I also forgot that it was just back in May or June when I drank a lot blacked out drove and made a few purchases around town. That was shockingly recent...Looking back made me realize two things about the importance of never giving up:..1. If I had let my relapses define me I would never be where I'm at right now...2. Patting myself on the back is okay but if I ever start thinking that I am totally recovered I will be making a big big mistake. The only reason I am sober today is because today regardless of circumstances I have made a conscious decision not to take even one drink...This looks like a bunch of rambling to me but I posted it here because hopefully it will help someone out. I believe perseverance is the most important aspect of sobriety. I see people who have relapsed posting on here and the reason they are here is because they haven't given up. I see people on here with 10000000000 days sober (well not really but to someone with 58 days behind me that's how it seems!) and the reason they've made it this far is because they haven't given up. I'm happy to be here happy to be alive and happy to be sober another day. I don't always feel like this. I get down a lot. Thanks for reading this.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. 
That's an insightful post and it's not rambling at all. As a fellow journal-keeper I think there's a lot to learn from our earlier selves. The pain is so much more real when I read it in my own hand and remember how it felt. ..Not giving up through setbacks is the only reason we're here. We haven't given up. What we can do is help one another get through each day help each other not to give up not for one day. ..Thanks for these thoughts.
Keep strong - you are doing it and this kind of post helps me stay focused. ..Congrats! 
I won't drink today it is all I can do.  I have had many relapses and understand where you are coming from.  It is important to realise the battle has not been won yet.  Not by me anyhow.  Congrats on your 58 days.
Hulxter thanks for posting this. What an awful dream. I woke up in Saturday totally itchy and with muscle spasms and tremors. I'll be damned if I didn't have a drinking dream too. I'm terrified of overconfidence too and this post is an excellent reminder to commit to sobriety on a daily basis. Thanks for that.
