-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h44l8/feel_great_but_whats_with_the_sleep/

Well I'm passed the 2 week point! Yeah! A new record for me and I feel stronger and better with everything in my life. What is puzzling me though is how tired I am at night. I used to be able to stay up late drinking and struggle through the day then have an early night once a week to recover. Now I find that I am really tired early in the evening and have been going to sleep early more often. I feel less tired during the day but thought once I stopped the drinking I would be able to stop up later more often and need less sleep. Looks like I can't. Perhaps I'm finally catching up on all the missed sleep from the last 15 years. Anyone any thoughts or Experiences?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm just at 3 weeks and my sleep is still messed up. From what I gather it takes a while to rebalance. I was hoping to stay up later and need less sleep too. Guess it takes awhile. Still I'll take the tiredness over the hangovers any day :)..Congrats on passing the 2 week mark!
Better than insomnia.
[deleted]
We bombed our brains and bodies with booze day-in and day-out and in many cases for years.  It takes time for our bodies and brains to heal.  The sleep thing is our NORMAL response to the need for healing.  
I noticed this too so this past weekend if I knew I wanted to stay up I would make some coffee after dinner. I was able to stay up until 2:30 in the morning no problem when the previous weekend I could barely keep my eyes open past 10:30. During the week I don't mind getting tired early but I still kind of get lazy once or twice a week and just don't want to get out of bed despite getting plenty of sleep. I guess I could see that being normal but I wouldn't remember how normal sleep is supposed to work.
It's still really early. After 10 years of daily drinking to pass out each night it took months for me to slip into something more natural. ..Don't know how long/much you drank but your body is still finding it's natural rhythm and that might take a while to settle in. The best part of your post - other than past the 2 week point congrats! - is "I feel less tired during the day." To me that's a very positive sign. Just keep doing what you're doing let your body heal. 
&gt; Perhaps I'm finally catching up on all the missed sleep from the last 15 years...Sleep debt is a real thing. I think you're still finding a rhythm. A few months and you'll be more adjusted to sleep / wake cycles in sobriety. I go to bed early (because the night time is just plain evil) and wake up early (when everything is back to normal). .. 
I was hoping someone would tell me how much better the sleep is sober.  I tended to pass out early at 8 or 9 every night and then wake up at 4am and not be able to get back to sleep.  I'm just hoping not to wake up at 4am anymore cuz that's a really bad time to start drinking!
