-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h4dyf/one_week_checkin/

I feel incredible right now. Happy. Relaxed. Refreshed. Its amazing! And it feels surprisingly easy. I guess that's what scares me the most.. not the fear of immediate relapse... but of relapse a year or two or more from now. I constantly tell myself to just worry about TODAY. ..I keep thinking of it as diabetes. Something I will need to monitor for the rest of my life. But based on how I'm feeling currently I'm okay with that! I still find myself annoyed or frustrated at dumb stuff but less and less each day. I find myself ENJOYING life instead of just "dealing with it"..My daughter was with her mother for a few hours on Sunday. Typically this would be my freetime from all responsibility. I'd guzzle a few beers and smoke a little marijuana and slip into temporary (ignorant) bliss. Instead I watched a few movies and got some extra chores done around the house. Felt proud of myself! ..I've found ot helpful to have CONSTANT reminders. I made a lost of reasons Not to drink and I leave it in my wallet to constantly see. I've got an app on my phone which calculates the money I've saved from quitting. I put a sign on my alarm clock that says "Today will be a good day! One day at a time" and its the first thing I see every morning. I also put a sign on the inside of my front door that says "smile for the whole world to see" and its what I read every time I leave my house. They sound silly but I've noticed that theu genuinely improve my mood and disposition!..My appetite and sleep schedule are adjusting and it feels great to wake up like a normal human being. Im alert focused and ready to start my day..Huge thanks to this sub and all the awesome people in it. I lurk daily and your stories/advice help tremendously. I plan on posting more frequently But I want to get some more days under my belt :-)..Thanks again!!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I guess that's what scares me the most.. not the fear of immediate relapse... but of relapse a year or two or more from now...My first week or two of sobriety I just mentally muttered "I lost the right". I lost the right with the way I treated people the way I acted at work and the way I did horrible things to feed into my alcoholism. Now any time I think of having a drink I am reminded I lost the right. Doesn't matter if I think I can handle a drink or not- I lost the right.
Keep it up! One of the biggest mistakes that I've been making is thinking "Oh it's been (insert amount of time sober) I've got this". Cravings will always creep up and if you are like a lot of us it only takes one drink to get a big shitball rolling and quick.
Good for you!
It IS amazing! Congrats on 1 week! It's a big deal. ..The diabetes reference has always been a useful one to me. Diabetics have to remember every day that they have that disease that their choices throughout the day - what they eat and drink - will impact it and if they're extreme that they need daily treatment in the form of insulin. ..I have always treated my alcoholism the same way. The one thing I've been the most consistent about is remembering every day that I'm an alcoholic and can't drink today and that I need to make choices as I go through my day that help maintain physical and emotional sobriety under all conditions. My daily treatment is mindfulness and reaching out to others. 
I hit 1 week tomorrow. It's amazing how good I feel! I don't have cravings yet I find that I an nervous about slipping up. congratulations on your 1st week!!! Stay strong! Looking forward to you celebrating 1 year in 51 short weeks. 
This is a good read... thanks for posting...
Great analogy about diabetes and that our disease requires constant monitoring.  I too worry about something in the future slipping me up but I try not to worry about it and just worry about today.  ..I also hit one week today.  The plan for this week is more meetings and start to work out at least 4 times this week.  Keep up the good work and keep fighting the good fight.  
Good! Keep it up! 
Your post gave me a huge smile. Thank you for that. Keep up the good work lifeisask8park! You sound great. 
