-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h5awu/i_think_im_becoming_worse/

Before I drank/used I was rather wreckless and kind of a shitty person......When i drank I mean I was as shitty person but in a different way. Now I'm starting to think like I used to..... I'm more of a dick/less friendly (like before) I've started thinking more about illegal activities I used to participate in. I am maybe even more lazy since I don't have a "reward system" (oh when I finish this I can start drinking) ..Is this normal? I mean I'm not really worried about relapse. But I'm not sure that it's a good thing I'm more of an asshole and considering all the shitty things I used to do before I was using I don't know if that's a good path to end up on... I mean I'm trying but like just now before writing this I started thinking what I could get away with stealing to buy something I want that I have money to buy but don't want to spend it on that. I never really thought that way about using. If I didn't have money for it I didn't have money for it and maybe someone would let me drink with them. But I'd never steal shit to drink.....
----------immediate responses--------

I think that's something personal you need to work out.  Not judging but you seem to feel guilty about it.
What you describe is why I got involved in AA and had a counselor. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Personal growth is imperative for sustained sobriety. The tools of AA taught me how to live a sober satisfying productive and generous life. A therapist helped me gain insight and perspective on my issues. ..It's "normal" to experience uncomfortable changes when we get sober. That's why it is important to have a support system. 
Not drinking but not recovering is why alcoholics become restless irritable and discontent.  Recovery is how we get to the good stuff!
Just because you stop drinking doesn't mean you stop being an asshole...You must have some idea of the difference between right an wrong...Do you want to be a better person or do you really enjoy being an asshole?...What are you willing to do that is assuming you don't want to be an asshole for the rest of your life?...I went to AA and in steps 6 &amp; 7 I applied the techniques to every area of my life where I had shed light in steps 4 &amp; 5 and it's been almost six months since my wife called me a jerk. AA isn't about 'just not drinking' it's about 'life changing'...That might not seem like a lot to you but for me that's a big deal...I don't want to spend the rest of my life as that guy I don't want to be an asshole.
[deleted]
I had many years of behavior patterns embedded.  I took a lot of time and guidance to begin to rid myself of things that really bothered me and to become more empathetic toward others.
