-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hdo9c/celebrations_are_not_just_for_the_celebrant_but/

In AA we learn to do service to help other alcoholics (and people in general).  There are many ways to do this and one is by celebrating our successes..."What?" you exclaim.  "That's not service that's selfishness! If I tout my successes I am literally tooting my own horn patting myself on the back [insert other self-congratulatory idiom here]!  I don't want to make this all about me!"  ..Au contraire my imaginary devil's advocate when you share your successes you inspire others whether it's the person who is just starting out and needs to know that recovery is a happy place or the person with lots of sobriety time who is struggling today and could use your continued sobriety as a boost to continue in his or her recovery...Don't be shy; share your sober victories whether it is powering through a craving for one evening or celebrating long-term milestones.  
----------immediate responses--------

Agree!!! I don't know if anyone else agrees but I think keeping those milestones hidden or not even feeling like I DESERVE to feel proud of myself is addict behavior and I am done with that shit. As I said yesterday in a post when reflecting on my last 13 months I found myself saying "you must be mistaken that wasn't me I don't even know who that woman is!" I burned the script that says that. The new one says that was me I did do that and I will stop minimizing my success while that may be a mole hill  to many.....that was my Everest.
I've been feeling funky lately (the last week) due to something that happened last week that caused me to have the same feelings of fear that were reminiscent to the same fear that brought me to drinking. Panic attacks just calmed down in the last couple of days. I haven't been feeling my perky pollyanna self ya know? ..So tonight I hauled my ass to yoga and I absolutely feel centered in my mind and body again. It's an amazing class that lasts almost two hours with a very long period of shavasana which always makes me feel oh so very liquid when I'm walking out the door. ..In short...I took care of myself when I knew I needed taking care of...What about you humblesunshine? Any successes to share? :-)
Excellent point!  We gotta know that it can be done.
This Saturday at my step meeting.  We will celebrate 111 years!  Myself 27 G. 26 T. 20 S. 23 J.15.    ...
Recently hit 32 years sober.
I have shared this before and I will share again. I got back from Iraq in 2009 I was 28. I could tell you that the stress near death situations and all the killing and dying led me to drinking but I would be lying to myself. I have had a problem with booze since I was 17. I did really good not indulging on duty days but on weekends I would destroy some beer and hard liquor I mean I had 7 years of drinking experience under my belt. So when I get back from Iraq I start drinking to numb what I was feeling it started out slow 3 beers or so after the duty day. I went through the whole Ft. Hood shooting I was a few blocks away It took me back to the dark places I thought the dying was done...Anyway I get out of the Army in 2010 I get a job and start going back to my old haunt I spend every night after work there until last call. This continues I drink more and more every night. I started college and quit my job to focus on school but my drinking caused me to fail classes or miss too many classes. I got in some legal trouble in 2012 and put on probation for 18 months no big deal it wasn't drug or alcohol related so I could still drink as long as I passed my urine test and didn't get any DUIs or PIs. Well my dumb ass get a DUI 12 months in Since it was a felony I was on probation for I had to serve my back up time in prison... During this time I was working at that bar as a cook after leaving college. I do my time 2 months in the pen and then plead guilty to the dui another year of probation lose of license mandatory rehab and fines I lost my apartment and had to move in with my dad. The day I got arrested for the Dui I decided no more drinking for me. I was lucky enough to keep my job.. .Since I quit drinking in less than a year I was promoted twice once to second in charge of the kitchen and then finally to kitchen manager. If I hadn't been through all that I don't know where I would be I could've drank my self to death or got in a wreck and severely injured or killed. I let the booze control my life for too long and since I have quit I have really learned to love myself again I have been the happiest I have been in over half my life. Here I am at 449 days and less than 3 weeks left of probation and I've gone from the low man in the kitchen to prison to now being in charge of operations in that kitchen. I owe it to the rehab program I went through and the support of people on this sub.
