-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hi9sp/i_only_want_to_stop_drinking_when_im_drunk/

To clarify I'm aware this is a popular phenomenon among alcoholics. I've never experienced it much until recently though. I signed myself up for a life of alcoholism a while ago. I started drinking daily when I was 18 and I did so with intention. Drinking "solved" my insomnia and social anxiety. In addition being an alcoholic seemed romantic to me (fuck you bukowski). There were no mornings of "I'm never drinking again." The solution was always apply more booze. I loved the persona and completely embraced it...Now I'm 23. These days I consider half a handle of rotgut vodka consumed throughout the day to be maintenance drinking. I don't get violent or blackout (at least not anymore) I just go about my life in a permanent haze provided I'm not having an hour long panic attack. Unfortunately my liver enzymes aren't looking too hot. AST/ALT are pushing 500 as of a couple months ago. I guess I'm not invincible...I've previously checked myself into inpatient detox twice. I was drunk both times. However my intoxicated state seemed to give me the confidence to do so and the enthusiasm to go through with it. I want to stop drinking again for good this time but I'm fucking scared. I feel like I'm removing a critical part of myself and expected to be indifferent and even happy about it. I've never understood the posters here that rave about how much better they feel without alcohol. I understand that drinking as much as I do is terrible for me physically and mentally (fuck you GABA receptors). I understand that I'm capable of much more sober than I am while drinking. But I can't take my "last drink" and another break just means another relapse...Fuck idk where I'm going with this shit anymore. Hopefully going to start really taking action with this in the morning. Thanks for letting me vent.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Obviously you are addicted to alcohol and need medical help to safely detox. You will eventually start losing job relationships and health. Alcohol will back you in a corner so your primary goal each day is to keep from going into withdrawal. I know because I was there. I was blessed to have someone get me into detox and inpatient treatment. I was especially blessed to be willing ang grateful. I hope you reach that place before it is too late. Alcohol kills.
Those liver enzymes are fucked!..How are you doing today?  
Hope you are doing ok my friend.  Fear of living life sober is normal or least it was to me and from others I know who have gotten sober.  I too felt like I was removing a critical part of me.  I was scared to find out who I really am.   I thought I was fantastic socially and loved myself when I was drunk. Until I no longer loved myself.  It is hard to change but you can do it.  
