-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hiw56/relapse_advice_please/

My boyfriend is struggling through a relapse right now and I want to be there for him but I am unsure how. I know he is drinking again and I have been asking him about it and he gives me brush off answers like "yeah I've been drinking a little bit". I am trying to be his support system and I don't know how to go about doing it. Do I push him to try to stop drinking? Do I just stand by and let it happen and wait to see if he comes to me? What worked for you? How did other people help you? and also anything that I absolutely should not do? ..Edit: I guess my main question is do I just let him ride it out? Keeping drinking until he wants to stop again? or should I tell him he needs to stop?
----------immediate responses--------

His relapses are all about him and have nothing to do with you (unless you are physically forcing booze down his throat). Sorry that you have to go through this. I would check out /r/alanon for some real knowledgable advice and support.
I'm sure others my have better input.  For me I quit because I wanted to.  Nothing that my wife said really impacted me because I was in my own little bubble...I would challenge him with hard question.  If you don't get an answer that you feel he is being honest/sincere about then move on.   
I can only offer advice from my own experience so it is in no way generalizable to everyone.  His relapse is his own tacit choice and there may not be anything that you can do to fix this problem for him.  It needs to be a choice that comes from within him.  You can be supportive and persuasive in the meantime but from my experience being overly forceful or pushy isn't an effective way to approach another's alcoholism...As /u/RonniePudding already said /r/alanon can probably offer far better advice in this situation.
Thanks guys! I'll hangout on /r/alaanon for a little bit and see what I find!.
Tell him you're going to leave him if he doesn't stay quit.  Then if he doesn't stay sober leave him.  Move on.  Not to get him to quit but because you have to take care of yourself.  There is absolutely nothing you can do to help him.  ..Take it from someone who grew up with an alcoholic parent. You don't want this BS in your life or in any potential kids' lives.  "I've been drinking a little bit" is an outright lie.  Don't get stuck with this guy.
Alanon meetings helped me cope with the alcoholism of loved ones. You'll find support from people who understand. See /r/Alanon.
I agree with RonniePudding while I was in therapy I was told over and over to "stay on my side of the fence" in other words you need to take care of yourself! He is the one who needs to decide when and if he wants to STOP. No amount of coaxing on your part will help. It actually could piss him off in a big way... so be careful. Its his call and his alone. Keep coming back and for a good reference.. check out the Al-Anon sub here. Its full of great support for someone in your shoes. 
If you want to stay stay. If not leave...My wife never stopped complaining. Her complaining wasn't the reason I stopped but it certainly made everything more shittier...
