-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i14v9/no_recollection_of_even_going_to_more_than_one/

So last night I learnt two things about myself. I don't limit my drinking and I can't keep on doing this. Last night I went to two clubs and two pubs. I don't have any memory of the second club. I don't know if I slept last night. At 7am I was walking around amongst commuters... Lost my new laptop a few days before the new semester amongst other personal possessions..So this has to stop. I had a part memory blackout last friday and struggled to remember my night saturday. .I was lucky I wasn't beaten up or worse. I lost all the photos of my work abroad. My local pub is  1.35 on a monday and  1.55 the rest of the week; so it's not too much money. I am going to /r/stopdrinking now.  edit: rephrased a section and corrected a section.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Congrats on making the effort to quit drinking! It's really terrible what can happen -- but think about this...it could have been worse. ..It could have been worse you could have driven drunk etc.....Be sure to use the link on the side bar to update your days. I look forward to seeing you around here!..Shit ain't easy but i can tell you after 200 days....... it is fuckin' worth it without a doubt. Life is so much easier now..
I'm so sorry to hear about your awful night. You can bet that a large portion of people here have lost a lot over the course of their drinking. But we've gained so much in sobriety and you can too. You are in the right place. Brush yourself off and have a look around. There are lots of great suggestions available here if you are willing to accept them. 
Millions of people wake up every day swearing they'll never drink again. It wears off in a few days. ..What makes you any different?  What is your plan?
When you're feeling better you may not be so sure about stopping. I hope that doesn't happen because if you continue drinking consequences are only going to worsen. The kind of blackouts are dangerous. Go to an AA meeting and get a therapist. There's more to getting well than simply not drinking.
