-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i1xbs/problems_with_powerlessness/

This is something that I have struggled with since I was introduced to the whole AA/12-step thing. ..I know that to a certain extent I am powerless over alcohol. But for me the line is when I make the decision to go pick up a bottle. I'm still in control up to that point. I don't even need to drink it right then I might be planning for the weekend but once that decision is made I will drink uncontrollably at some point. ..I don't feel like I can admit complete powerlessness because I know that I am in control of that initial decision. I feel like saying "I have no control over this" removes any personal responsibility and I want to be held accountable for my decisions and actions (good and bad). The fact I've made it 45 days so far without even wanting a drink speaks for itself. I've made the decision to quit and I'm sticking to it...One of the things that put me off somewhat from AA is the attitude of a few people who came off like "there's no possible way you can do this on your own you have 2 choices: get a sponsor and do 12-step or you die horribly"...Who knows maybe I'll get another few months down the road and relapse maybe they're right. I just don't like personal responsibility and willpower being taken out of the equation that's just me. Can anyone relate?
----------immediate responses--------

Im the same. For me a lot of cardio and using marijuana has stopped my desire to binge. Now when I do go out and have  few it stops at like 3 beers. No desire to binge. .I know the pot thing isnt ideal but it works for me. And the hard cardio 3 times a week. Having something to strive for (work out goals and.running goals) deters my wanting to party. .Avoidance isnt ideal either (like you.. and I was the same 2 weeks withoug no biggie. Then a few on friday night became 4am sat morning) but its a start. Good luck!!! You got it..
You can try the approach taken by [Women for Sobriety.](http://womenforsobriety.org/beta2/new-life-program/13-affirmations/) There is also a men's version in the publications section. I find this approach to be much more empowering and effective.
I can relate. I keep trying to like AA but it's a struggle. I really like the people and even enjoy meetings. I just have a hard time buying into the program. The only person I have met at AA that I would want to attempt the steps with has been sober for 28 years and never done them. So she wouldn't be much of a "sponsor". ..The 12 steps just don't appeal to me. I'm glad it works for so many people I just have a hard time surrendering myself to the whole process. I guess if I found myself struggling or unhappy with sobriety I would try hard. ..I haven't been to a meeting in 2 weeks and honestly I've enjoyed doing the other things in my life during that time. .
I feel the same way!  "There's no possible way you can do this on your own.." particularly irks me.  I had one guy tell me matter-of-factly that people do not get sober without AA and if they do they're not real "alcoholics".  For me the bottom line is I've made a decision and a commitment to abstain from drugs and alcohol because I know this is a better way to live.
I despise all religions with a passion.I still go to AA though.There is no higher power.I am my own power.I make the decision to do what I do.There is no excuse for my actions but myself.I like AA because of the feeling of connection with others suffering from the crippling effects of alcohol abuse.Just concentrate on the parts/philosophy of AA that you like and substitute the other parts that you dislike to whatever you want.Going to AA every friday night has kept me on track.Anyway good luck.
[deleted]
Oh I still hate the word 'powerless.' Last month someone at a meeting explained he dealt with his rejection of that word by interpreting it etymologically. 'Power' means 'to be able' and 'less' means 'without.' So he translated 'I am powerless over alcohol' to 'I am without the ability to drink.' I love this. 
