-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i4hqh/ive_spent_8000_in_a_span_of_3_years/

Let me share my story. Im a third year student at a Canadian University and over the past 3 years I've spent just under $8000 on alcohol. It's usually about 3 750ml bottles of whiskey during the week and a daily bar tab that changes depending on the day. I started drinking when I turned 19 and I got drunk off 2 shots. It was wild but I knew I wanted to do it again. ..Over first year I would drink more and more and eventually it got to the point I would drink alone in my room. Browsing reddit listening to music playing games and I'd be 6 glasses deep. Pass out and then rinse and repeat. Second year I would drink even more. I stopped by the campus pub every single day. The staff knew me they would even buy me drinks on the house every now and then. I wouldn't even have to order half the time they would just slide my whiskey over because I had the same thing every day. I'd stay there for 3 hours or more every night and pass the fuck out once I got home and do it all over again the next day. ..My memory was shot. Friends would always joke that I couldn't remember shit and I suspected they started to realize I have a drinking problem. Its true too. I would be missing massive gaps from my evening. And my tolerance was through the roof. It would take 4 glasses to get a buzz and I'm a fairly tall/thin guy. ..I noticed this past year that my hands get incredibly shaky in the morning after a rough night of drinking. I couldn't hold a glass of water or a fork still until I've had my drink and then it would calm me down. That's when it started to worry me. I realized then I needed to post on this sub and get help. Prior to that I had no reason or motivation to quit. My grades were good my social life was spectacular I had a girlfriend for a year and a half and my family was in good relations with me. The only negative effects that my alcoholism had on me was my health and my wallet. ..My finances are the reason why I'm posting in this sub. I know if I continue down this road I will end up broke and on the streets. I've tried to go a few days and I would relapse after the 2nd day. I always felt that need to drop in at my favourite bar and visit the bartenders that knew me. It felt like a duty and I suppose that's one of the reasons its so hard for me to stop. Its like that bar keeps calling me. And even on a day that I wake up and think  im going to be productive today and not drink  around 5pm I'd get that feeling and I'd somehow end up there at that bar drinking that drink. ..I want to stop. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;My finances are the reason why I'm posting in this sub. I know if I continue down this road I will end up broke and on the streets. ..&gt;I noticed this past year that my hands get incredibly shaky in the morning after a rough night of drinking. I couldn't hold a glass of water or a fork still until I've had my drink and then it would calm me down...I suggest you get sober for yourself your health and your future health.  All the money in the world isn't going to mean much with the rate your body is deteriorating.
Hi there. I think it would be a good idea for you to stop drinking given the amount you say you drink every day but not just for financial reasons. There are lots of people with a lot of money who can financially afford to be a drunk and you might find yourself making more money in the future or just not care anymore about the money. Are there any other reasons why you might want to stop? You mention that your grades are good as well as your personal relationships... you might be in the small small minority but for most of us these things all go to shit after a while - it's just a matter of time. I'm 26 and I didn't drink daily I binged 1-3 times a week but after college it stopped being cool and became destructive. Anyway your health is another big reason to consider quitting as you wrote...How much have you drank this week? I ask because quitting cold turkey can be dangerous if you drink a fair amount every day. Others here might have some resources to check out and things to consider...I'm glad you found us and hope to hear more from you. :)
AA has no dues or fees for membership but it has the world's highest initiation fee which varies from member to member.  Your initiation fee today would be the $8000 over three years you already spent.  You are getting in real cheap for that price.  Of course membership is not required for attendance.
I've spend 10k in span of few weeks. Paying lawyer to deal with my dui. 
