-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i4lbr/the_flipside_of_what_a_great_meeting/

Just got back from my AA group. Have been in a fairly reflective mood the last couple days as I'm coming up on 30 days and just examining what things have meant to me and what I've learned. Normally my Thursday group is a pretty good one great shares wisdom imparted etc. ..Today I almost walked out after 20 minutes. I've never been so frustrated for so many reasons in a meeting. The speaker basically spent the entire time talking about 12 promises and how he's been financially rewarded and blah blah blah. Everything was so achievement/status/ownership oriented and it just felt like money as a proxy for alcohol. ..Unfortunately since this meeting is heavy lawyers bankers and industry agents this kicks off more shares that are the same thing. It becomes one of those pissing matches where everyone tries to point out how their bottom was so much worse than anyone else's and then thing$ are great now and look at all this great stuff I just never though I'd get there this way. Blah blah...To top it off the guy who started around the same time as me (and I thought had his shit way more together than me) picks up a new 24hr chip. Very hard to see - I felt terrible for him and I'm sure he was beating himself up. He mentions he "tried calling all his AA friends" the day he relapsed and no one answered. I aim to give him my # so that has less of a chance of happening next time but he bolts after the meeting. ..Then I see him nearby about 30 minutes later on his own. I offer to give him my number and am totally blown off. "You're too new in recovery to be any help besides I really only talk to other lawyers."..Well fuck me for trying to help right? I guess your career is the only stressful one out there. I guess once you pass the bar exam your alcoholism is different than mine (I guess you did technically pass one bar and I didn't really get in that habit until 9-3-14). ..Anyway I just wanted to share with some people who would maybe understand what this all felt like. I'm sure I'm doing some self-righteous dry-drunk or holier than thou or whatever. It's just frustrating because everything just sounded like substituting one addiction for another and never really having a first/second step reckoning...Thanks for listening to me complain. Please tell me how I'm an idiot now. ;) 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this.  You are not an idiot and we all had meetings like that. Take care of yourself and it will get better. ..I went through similar issues at around 30 days. ..Nope no idiot. Just like the rest of us... 
Not an idiot at all!  I hear where you are coming from but can't quite articulate it.  It is frustrating to see others relapse or not "embrace" sobriety.  Also when it appears that others aren't trying as hard as you.  I don't know if any of this is how you are feeling but I have felt that way before about people I've encountered in meetings.  You are not those people and it sounds like you don't want to be.  Stay on your course and show by example.  
My sponsor says if I haven't experienced a bad meeting yet I haven't tried enough different meetings.  Find another one to try.  ..You offered to help. He rejected your offer.  You did your part.  Don't let his rejection make you in any way hesitant to offer to help others...because someday you are going to offer to help someone at the right moment...and being in the right place at the right time can save someone's life.  
[deleted]
Meetings are like alcoholics - some are sicker than others...I went to a meeting exactly like the one you describe with exactly the same result - I left angry and resentful...The worst part was coming up with the perfect retort that would have deflated all their egos - about 45 minutes after the meeting ended...You are an idiot or so you said you wanted to be called.  Me too.  Staying idiotic has helped me stay sober more than once.
Wow /u/GoodbyeBourbon -- good for you for trying to reach out.  AA is not about occupations or educations or religion.  AA is about WE recovering from a progressive disease of mind body and spirit.  Your experience is disgusting to me.  I've not seen the type of situation you're describing but on rare occasions I've seen some pretty poor behavior at meetings.  Somebody once told me: there are two types of examples in AA meetings: good examples and bad examples and if you can spot the bad examples then those too are good examples.  Don't be like them.  ..Keep coming back.  The rooms are filled with saints and sinners and often the former used to be the latter.
[deleted]
Oh you'll have bad meetings. I had a bad meeting last week almost lost my god damn mind. People sharing about details of new government contracts for construction at work. NO ONE CARES! 
Yeah there are a lot of obnoxious people in the world and that includes in the rooms of AA.  Unnfortunately we must deal with them everywhere.  Remember that he is not representative of the whole and represents a small portion of the membership in AA.  Keep coming back if it helps and great job trying to help.  Because regardless of the length of time sober you can always help even if you only have 24 hours.
When I have a bad meeting and tell my sponsor about she always cheerfully reminds me that it is "a growing opportunity to practice tolerance and patience. Love and tolerance is our code".
Remind yourself your all patients in the same hospital and you are all equal. Find yourself a powerful sponsor and build a network and hit meetings together...Hit other meetings together too! 
Amazing but understandable.  First you're not an idiot for feeling a certain way about a meeting or trying to help someone out.  And you definitely don't sound like "some self-righteous dry-drunk or holier than thou" person...&gt;.....this meeting is heavy lawyers bankers and industry agents...Well now could you just imagine being around this same group of people all fucked up on booze and coke?  Some people just like to sit around in a circle and compare genitals.  Now they're just all sitting around sober ;)..Whenever I get really wound up about something I try to do a bit of reflection and see if I can figure out why.  It usually has something to do about having strong beliefs about the matter or person.  Whatever it is it's an opportunity for growth.  And that's part of what recovery is about growing...Thanks for the well articulated and heartfelt story...
Yeah man yeah!..Things....yeah...The whole calling people before you drink thing.........that's not really a plan to get in touch with a Power greater than yourself that's just getting in touch with human power. ...&gt;Once more: The alcoholic at certain times has no effective mental defense against the first drink. Except in a few rare cases neither he nor any other human being can provide such a defense. His defense must come from a Higher Power....sound familiar?..Does that sound like "If you want to drink call your sponsor or support group first."?..No it doesn't...If you don't come to rely on something with Power and you've already placed yourself beyond human power then people **can't** keep you sober...
One of the best speakers I have ever heard described his story as follows: When I was drinking I had everything on the outside. I had a nice job good house fancy car lots of income lived with my family etc. but he was absolutely a mess on the inside (emotionally spiritually in his relationships etc.). Now that he is sober he doesn't have the house the job the car the money he's in a ton of debt his family is just starting to talk to him again etc. but he is finally fucking *happy.* He said he wouldn't trade it back again for anything. ..I *know* that it is easier said than done but try not to focus on their flaws and let them get you down. Find another meeting. Try lots and lots and lots of different meetings. I had to keep hitting a ton of different meetings. Sometimes I met someone and exchanged numbers of someone solid sometimes I didn't. The important thing is that you keep going keep trying. I know it can be trying and disappointing but I promise that the end result (and the quality of friendship) is worth it.
