-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i63f8/90_days_in_had_a_life_changing_experience_in_a/

My home group consists of men mostly in the age range of 45+. I'm 23 and am always the youngest in the room by far. Anyway today I showed up early as I always do when the secretary approached me and asked how much time I had. When I told him 90 days he quickly told me "Great you'll lead and speak today." This man has 30+ years of sobriety and is someone I respect a great deal. I've learned to never say "no" to an AA request... ..Wow. I was so caught off guard. This was two minutes before the meeting was set to begin! I know that generally speakers have AT LEAST a year of sobriety before they are asked to be a guest speaker... so I was completely unprepared for this. ..So I sat at the head of the table introduced the meeting and then it was my time to talk. ..I shared my story for 10 minutes uninterrupted. I have never spoken in public that long in my entire life! I remembered things I hadn't thought of in years.. I shared how I had stumbled into that very meeting for the first time completely by coincidence and how 90 days later i have a very different outlook on life and a group of new friends. .. The 10 minutes flew by and I felt like a new person after. There is something so healing about sharing painful memories and having other people relate to it.  Everyone told me I did a really good job and a lot of the guys opened up to me letting me know how much they care for me are pulling for me etc. ..I had never felt more accepted and comfortable in my own skin than I did today. I knew every single person in that room on a first name basis and it really meant a lot to me to have them listening to me relating to the things I have experienced showing genuine interest in my story. I had known that AA was working for me but today really opened my eyes and showed me how unbelievably lucky I am to have so many people supporting me. It finally occured to me that this is where I belong and for the first time I felt GENUINELY confident in my sobriety. To think they were strangers just 91 days ago....My hope for anyone reading this that may be struggling is that you understand the importance of finding ANY kind of support system during the early days of sobriety. I am not a religious person and used to think i would NEVER go to an AA meeting. I found that when my desperation had reached new heights I was willing to try anything. I needed to try SOMETHING because my way had not been working. ..I simply could not have come this far without having a group of people that depend on support and genuinely care about me and my sobriety. ..I'm not going to drink today no matter what. I hope some of you out there will do the same............. 
----------immediate responses--------

I sincerely doubt that I would have complied...I'm not a fan of speaking like that  so I would much rather have left than to be put on the spot like that...Good for you that you had a positive experience there...
That's awesome!! I led a meeting on Sunday and I felt great being able to do so. People told me good job etc and as time progresses in my sobriety I have had more opportunities like this. I suggest finding an H and I panel and doing more work like this. It will really help I think! You are doing well and I hope you continue with your sobriety. Things are only going to get better! Maybe I will get to hear your story one day. Rock on brotha!
This is great!  Thanks for sharing your story.  I think it of how freeing it must have felt to put yourself out there to that group.  That is true healing right there.
I'm not getting misty eyed...I have allergies. ..
Excellent. That illustrates the real power of the fellowship in my opinion. The ability to talk to listen to relate to understand to support to push one another to be your best. I'm not personally a big fan of all the singsongy sloganeering and I'm definitely not a fan of the religious aspects or magical thinking. But I am a huge fan of exactly what happened to you today: you grew. ..Congratulations on 90 days. Keep it up.
Congrats man that is awesome. ..For me I have had a few similar milestones during my journey. Speaking for the first time chairing a meeting for the first time. They have all been amazing...None of them have been quite like the feeling of "being a part of" like I got from doing the 4th and 5th. It was like my ticket into the club...
Hey guys sorry for the ignorance... what is a home group?  and thanks for sharing your experience.  I don't go to AA but feel like a gain a lot by the sharing of those who do.
This my friend is how it works.  Good for you!
I think I'm going to cry that's so beautiful.
