-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i7jea/365_days/

Today is my first recovery birthday! A big thank you to everybody on this sub for helping keep me clean and sober!.What a journey it's been! Overall the highs have outnumbered the low's considerably..A little bit about me:. .I'm 31 and started drinking when I was 17. Unlike a lot of people I hear I don't remember my first enjoyable drink. I remember beer tasting horrible and had to work hard to acquire the taste for it..My primary vice was always weed. I thought weed was sooo cool. I listened to hours of songs advocating it. Snoop Dogg was my hero. My dealers were all the coolest people I had ever met. It was so wrong it felt so right. Smoking weed gave me an identity. My nick name became stoner-soberto. I took great pride in my rolls and stash. I felt like people finally knew me. I had arrived...I started to care less and less about everything else in my life. I made a lot of friends at college through buying and selling weed. It was like being part of a secret society or subculture. Plus it was the ultimate rebellion against my mom who worked for the police...By 19 I moved out of my moms and into a shared house where I could smoke whenever I wanted. I had a dealer live a stones throw from the house so all I needed was on tap. There was no more hiding. I could brazenly smoke weed inside in the comfort of my own bedroom..I had started drinking by this point and had a few embarrassing episodes   running my mouth in bars   under my belt already. The shame of these experiences was debilitating. Coupled with never being able to remember my antics the morning after things stopped being fun and I became a liability to myself and my friends. One friend once told me  soberto   there are some people who can drink and there are people who can't. you can't    these words still echo for me twelve years later...Something else had changed. I had always been quite nervous introverted and self-conscious but I was getting worse. Smoking weed had started giving me panic attacks and hallucinations of severe pain. My hobby was escaping me! I couldn't go on. Then I discovered an antidote to the anxiety   alcohol. So long as I had a few drinks I could continue my daily smoking ritual...I became a daily drinker by the age of 20. I've always been lucky with work so could financially afford to drink and smoke weed daily. My attendance record at work became laughable. I continued this pattern for 3 years switching employer when things got too bad. Always promising myself something would change and I would be able to improve my attendance. I was slowly destroying my relationships with the people around me. I was a liability to live with and would invite random people home to party on school nights. When the tenancy came to an end we all decided to go our separate ways. I moved back to my moms house and decided to go back to college   casual hours and reckless students..I met a girl at college who became my wife shortly after. I felt like this was a target I needed to achieve in life which would mean I could resume my self indulgence sooner. A child followed just over a year later. I felt like my purpose on earth was served so now on with the drinking drugging and early death. ..I never expected to live to 30. I lived my life expecting to die within the year. I always had a feeling of impending doom..Married life didn't suit me. I'd managed to stay miserably sober and drug free for quite a while but would often go on binges going missing for several days or bringing people back to the family home. I blamed everybody for my behaviour. My wife having a kid so young having a stressful job. I never blamed the drink or drugs   I'd have defended them to the grave...I got divorced after 3 years and lived on my own. I associated with drug dealers and alcoholics who would use my flat to party. My son was often there and was exposed to a lot of stuff he shouldn't have been. The weed became cocaine and the beer became spirits. I kept riding the downwards spiral...Work started to worry about me. I would never call in. I just wouldn't show up. They issued me with a blackberry and insisted I kept it charged. They sent people round to find me if I went missing too long. HR were involved at various points and I self diagnosed with anxiety and depression as an excuse for not showing up...I knew my days were numbered at that job so sought more lucrative work   my upgraded vices were costing me more and more. I secured a job in a different country offering 3x my current salary. I thought I'd be able to start saving money yet maintain my current lifestyle   It was also the perfect out of having my son alternate weeks. I loved him but he got in the way...My life in the new country and job continued exactly how it was previously   I managed to drink snort and smoke the difference in wages. I made friends with more dealers and alcoholics and was back to square one...I continued to move from job to job. Pissing people off and burning bridges as I went. I really don't know how I got away with it for so many years. I was destroying myself and the lives of anyone who became close to me. People didn't want to know me. ..The company I work for now had a different approach to my previous employers and basically had zero tolerance towards my sporadic attendance. I told them I was working from home but was basically on my blackberry in the beer garden of a pub drinking Jack Daniels and smoking weed with my alcoholic friends. Eventually they insisted I used my medical insurance to get help with my anxiety/depression (read hangovers). A year ago today I entered a treatment centre for a 28 day program. The night before going in I spent 300 pounds on cocaine and MDMA whilst drinking whisky all night. Upon entering treatment I really thought I'd made it. This was the same treatment centre celebrities were sent to. I was insane and didn't realise I was essentially in a mental asylum. ..The first few nights were terrifying. I had no hope of escape. The nurses checked on me every 15 minutes throughout  the night to make sure I was okay. The group therapy was really helpful. I soon started to realise how fucked I was and how the fun had long been over and the joke was on me. ..I made a lot of friends in treatment and even dated a girl I met there. Things didn't work out and most the people I was there with have since relapsed. ..After leaving treatment I took the advice of the therapists and committed to doing as much recovery work as possible. Therapy and several AA meetings a week. I did the 90 meetings in 90 days. Found a sponsor and started working the steps. I made lots of friends in recovery and spend the majority of my time with them. I took service commitments at a couple of meetings to ensure I go. ..I started feeling my feelings rather than hiding from them or blotting them out. I have learned so much about myself and I'm improving in various areas. I read this sub everyday. I have quit smoking recently which has helped me feel even more feelings and derive more coping mechanisms. Recovery from addiction fascinates me. Things haven't always been easy over the past year but I'm proud of myself for not picking up a drink or drug one day at a time for a year. .Life has improved immeasurably over the passed year. I've repaired broken relationships. I'm a better father brother and son. I've paid off debts. Made a lot of friends. Been on holidays. Been to weddings parties social events. Bought a flat. Survived breakups. People have stopped worrying about me. I can be there for people. I couldn't have done this without the help of you guys and AA so thank you!!. .tl;dr if drink or drugs are causing you problems; stop drinking or drugging - life continues and gets better and better
----------immediate responses--------

Life is good.  Just keep going.  Congratulation.
That's quite the story thank you for sharing! Congrats on a year!
[deleted]
Congrats man! The beginning sounds like mine. Started as a stoner then it gave me anxiety and I figured out alcohol would help with anxiety...One year whoop!
[deleted]
Mega-congrats /u/soberto!  Nice Saturday Share.  
Just wanted to say congratulations!
Thanks for sharing your story. It gives other people hope...**YaHOO for one year!**
One year.  Well done! 
Congrats on 365 :)
