-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2icg73/a_realisation_and_thoughts_on_acceptance/

I was just reading /u/ketojam's brilliant post ..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ibmgs/some_encouragement_for_my_fellow_noobs/..and thinking through my response when I realised something. ..I feel as though I am grieving. I'm struggling to let go of drinking because I look back on all the fun nights I had way back when before I recognised my drinking as problematic and I think 'I could have that back if I could just learn to moderate'. I keep telling myself I haven't got that much of a problem for a lot of the reasons listed in that post. That I could still control it. Well it's been two years of trying to control my drinking. How much more time do I need to accept that I can't do it? I'm still reluctant as hell. But I know that it's not normal. And that makes me super angry. I want to be normal and I want to have fun and get drunk at weddings and other things like that. I was a normal drinker before wasn't I?..Then I realised I am looking at the past through ros  tinted glasses (sorry I had to do it). Did I enjoy those nights in the past because of friends and laughs? Maybe. But actually I just really enjoyed being drunk. I have always been the first one to finish their drink and find myself waiting for the next person to buy their round while everyone else still has half a drink left. I always drank too much. Hell one night I drank a whole bottle of vodka straight rather than mixing it before we had even gone out! I know that if I start drinking again it will get worse. I try to reason to myself that I don't drink at work. I can't be an alcoholic. But I did. Last time I was drinking I went to work drunk and bought cans of drink on the way in to keep drinking. That was a serious problem. I could not have done my job safely. And I know if I say well that was one time it won't happen again that I am lying to myself. I will drink at work again. I will end up drinking through the days. Maybe I'm not an all day drinker right now and maybe I think I could avoid it by being aware of it. But it's a lie. I will end up there. I was already drinking earlier and earlier in the evening and was at the point where I was walking in the door and vanishing away to drink. Sure in the past I have had a drink on the way home. How long until I think well it's the last ten minutes of work I can have a little drink now. Then soon it's the last half hour. Last hour. After lunch. And how long before I injure myself or worse someone else because I am too drunk to work safely? ..I started this post intending to say that intellectually I know I am an alcoholic but that I haven't been able to begin to accept that fact. But actually while I've been thinking and writing the reality of the situation has started to hit me. I feel like I am or can now beginning to accept the label. Maybe this post seems a bit trite or melodramatic but while reading ketojam's words and reflecting on them something just clicked. It's about time. ..I am an alcoholic and I need to now figure out how I am going to move through the world. 
----------immediate responses--------

ketojam nice post. Once we admit we are alcoholic and we can not change that we can work on our plan of recovery... I once feared never drinking again now i fear drinking again... What could happen just by drinking? the  options are endless.  
In my recovery migrating the knowledge that I was an alcoholic from my head ( where I could still argue finer points and distinctions of problem drinking vs alcoholic) - to my heart was a much longer journey that the 12-14 inches involved.
Breaking up is hard to do. ..Alcohol was my white knight for so long it took ages for me to admit the  relationship was increasing abusive. ..Still grieved it though. More than that grieved the person I thought I was. Turns out that was facade that I thought was real. ..Clarity is an awesome gift. It reads like you have that in some quantity at the minute. It's rare but also incredibly helpful I found in ~~getting~~ staying sober. 
Hey /u/getmyselftogether -- try the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is how many many of us stopped drinking and got sober.  I found my path through this world by working the 12 Steps and AA meetings.  I finally achieved that release from my old self and my new self by embracing a simple idea: I am an ex-drinker and I like that.
Great post! And thanks for the kind words!..I can tell you that I totally TOTALLY 100% identify with this post. I am still mourning red wine. I probably will for a while. And you're right; I'm not mourning that one perfect glass I had at some amazing restaurant with the perfect pasta dish - bc I NEVER had just one glass. I drank 2 bottles by myself on Tuesday nights bc there wasn't enough on TV. THAT IS NOT NORMAL MODERATE DRINKING. ..I'm so glad you're here. I hope you stick around; we are all here for you if you need us. :)
A good friend of mine in recovery put it this way: 'resignation is passive acceptance is active.' It takes time and effort to accept things for the way they are. But once you do that you can move on. We don't get sober to miss alcohol or be bitter we get sober to live life to its fullest.
This is where I am too.  I was a normal moderate drinker for a few years before things got ugly and I still feel like alcohol has provided me with some amazing experiences that I would not have had without it.  Realizing that I am never going to feel that high again...it really does feel like grieving...The fact is even if I keep drinking I'll still never feel that way again - because for whatever reason I've completely lost my ability to be the moderate drinker I once was.  So I can either grieve the high while sloppy drunk hungover and ashamed or I can grieve it sober and at least not feel like I'm dying.  Does that make sense?  It almost doesn't feel like I made the decision to be done with alcohol - it's more like alcohol decided to be done with me and now I have to pick up the pieces. ..Sorry for rambling.  All I really wanted to say is that your post perfectly articulates something I'm also feeling so thank you so much for sharing.  I trust that things will get easier for both of us and I wish you all the best.  Good luck stay strong and stay in touch!
