-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2imnyy/how_to_keep_the_motivation_alive/

I have been abusing alcohol for years now and I am not sure how to keep myself motivated to get sober.  I have seeked treatment gave up on it relapsed and I'm back to living a routine that revolves around work drinking and video games.  I go through very short stages of massive guilt self loathing and maybe even hate for what I have become...  But this feeling never lasts maybe a day or two later I am back to a "fuck it" mood.  During this time I know that I have a problem but I just don't care enough to fix it!  What makes it even worse is that I'm functional.  I have a great job I perform it well and nobody around me aside from one of my closest friends and family know I still have a problem...Does anyone else have a really volatile mood when it comes to quitting/not quitting?  What did you do about it?
----------immediate responses--------

I have a volatile mood toward sobriety constantly. I get tied of meetings and the day to day fight all the time. I got a taste of what sobriety does for me in my life and am not willing to give that up today. The concept of one day at a time is one of the only things you need to master. Today is all we have so I try to never say fuck it today...I was a functional drunk for the most part as well held a good job kept my family and had two in the garage. None of that stuff makes you any less of an alcoholic of course it is about what goes on inside. Sounds like you may still be struggling with the concept of powerlessness as well. That is the only other thing you must do perfectly is understand and admit your powerlessness.
I would recommend going to AA or some other group treatment. Talking about your drinking with like minded understanding people is incredibly therapeutic and helps me a lot with the  "fed-up" feelings. The key reason I think is you get out of your own head. You get stories from people who have been through worse - and get to see that even they got better...I'm an agnostic atheist so my higher power in AA is "honesty".  Because that fourth and fifth step takes insane amounts of it. Laying all your shit on the table and knowing you're not being judged for it is so cleansing. ..But yeah to summarize - get out of your own head.  Help/listen to others and you will hopefully find a shift in attitude.
I also have a great job and no one but a couple close friends know what an addict I was getting drunk every single night.... But that loathing you talk about and the fact that my drinking got slowly worse over the years to the point where I could see that it was entirely possible that it would threaten the things that matter to me if I kept it up AND it was already preventing me from getting out in the community volunteering meeting new people going to events in the evenings seeing results from exercise being able to save and invest more being able to donate more to charity and on and on.... All of that and more is where my motivation comes from. It's not enough for me in my life to just do great at my job have a family and make it to my death bed. I want to do a whole lot of things that aren't even remotely compatible with being drunk every night or having them ruined by cravings if I do go out and do them instead of drinking...
[deleted]
