-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2irh5l/shes_worth_it/

I have a problem.  I wasn't ready to admit that until very recently. But I do and it needs to stop.  For the past three years or so I've been drinking 4-5 beers almost every single night.  Which relatively speaking doesn't sound like all that much.  And that's why it has been so hard for me to recognize that something isn't right here.  But the fact of the matter is alcohol has become such a regular part of my life that I wasn't even able to recognize that I was using it is a crutch.  But as I look at where my life is going- and who I'm going there with- I realize that I need to stop drinking. ..10 months ago I moved into a new apartment.  As I was moving in the girl who lived above me came down to introduce herself. We chatted briefly and the next day she left a note on my door asking if I wanted to go camping that weekend. And since that weekend we've spent every single day together.  I knew almost immediately that she's the person I'm going to spend my life with. And she feels the same. Loving that woman is the best thing that I do.  When I'm with her I don't feel the need to drink.  At all.  We'll occasionally have a bottle of wine or go out for a drink or two but that's about it.  So since I've met her drinking wasn't really an issue for me...That is up until last month.  She recently took a temporary job out of state.  She left in the middle of September and she'll be back on Halloween.  She gets super spotty cell phone reception where she's at so we only get to talk every couple of days.  Which is fine.  I have no anxieties about us drifting apart.  I just miss her more than I knew I was capable of missing someone.  And I've been dealing with it by drinking.  More than I used to in fact.  The only nights I've gotten a solid nights sleep are the nights where I've been drunk.  ..For the first few days she was gone I just embraced drinking and told myself "it will stop when she gets home".  But today for whatever reason I woke up with a new perspective.  While my drinking has never caused any issues in our relationship the fact remains that she deserves better.  Throughout the course of our lifetime together I'm going to encounter stressful situations (more stressful than her being away for a few weeks) and I cannot continue to rely on alcohol to get me through those struggles.  ..When she gets back on the 31st she's moving her stuff from that upstairs apartment into mine.  And I will be 23 days sober.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! ..I recommend getting a badge (right side of the page) and checking this subreddit every day. It's been incredibly helpful for me.
Do it for you.
Quitting alcohol sounds like a positive move. There's no doubt that drinking as much as you do takes you away from the real world. You will be much better relationship material without alcohol. ..You're fortunate to have found someone special. It is often an outside issue which motivates us to stop. Eventually however we must make the commitment for ourselves in order to stay stopped. My children gave me the nudge to face sobriety but I maintained sobriety because it was personally rewarding. ..If you have trouble stopping you may want to consider AA and/or a therapist. Take it one day at a time. Let us know is we can help. Good luck.
A little while after I quit it hit me like a truck what I'd avoided by quitting. I don't have to quit for my kids because I don't have any. No ultimatum from a wife at the end of her wits because I'm single. No "we need to talk about your behavior at the BBQ/Holiday party/client meeting."..Jump in with both feet now while this is a sunburn not melanoma. Don't come back here with "Now I really have to quit for her."..And I hope you find that you're really doing it for yourself.
&gt; She's worth it...Hey man... **YOU** are worth it!
Congratulations! Both on the relationship and sobriety.  But I have some advice which I'm going to say because I've been through almost exactly the same situation. DO NOT DO IT EXCLUSIVELY FOR HER. in my experience it will work for a while and then it won't  it can cause resentment and issues in you're relationship I know that's impossible to imagine right now but please trust me. Secondly in experience it's not very attractive to a person for someone to do everything just for them  independence is sexy and attractive.  Your wellbeing and freedom from alcohol being dependent on and for her is NOT attractive.  I apologize if it seems I'm speaking down to you is just that these are things I've had to learn the hard way and I really related to your post. Do this for YOU. She does deserve better  she deserves an independent healthy person  who wants to be healthy for himself. While my gf is a factor in my recovery I am sober for me first and foremost. I tried quitting for her 5 years ago and it didn't stick  and fucked me and the relationship up. Good luck  I'm pullin for ya please feel free to ask me anything  I've been in a very similar place. 
Get sober for her stay sober for you. You have no idea what gifts may be in store for both of you. You have no idea how much freedom there is. ..It's pretty rad is all I'm sayin'.
Improving your relationship is a bonus of sobriety...but I am getting and staying sober for myself.  If I don't stay sober nothing else will stay in place either.  
Good decision!!! A lesser man would have thought he would drink until she got back and quit then.
