-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2iuped/heard_last_night_its_my_sobriety/

So I was at one of my regular meetings.  This meeting makes a big deal about every anniversary (cards coin hugs etc).   There were two last night:  my 4 year and another regular's 2 year.  The tradition is you are supposed to speak for a minute or two after they recognize your date.  I went first yadda yadda yadda then 2 Year went:..He told the group that he was not accepting it today and was formally changing his sobriety date.  He had not a drop of alcohol in 2 years so that wasn't the issue.  The issue was that a few months into his sobriety he had real bad dental pain and was prescribed Norco.  He was also dealing with all of the stress of trying to get sober and his parents failing health.  So he used that Norco and re-filled it once for a few months after his pain went away.  ..He said thatpersonally it has always bothered him that he did that.  He said that he has been thinking about it a lot and he decided that if deep down it bothers him then he is not being honest with himself and his recovery.  He really struggled about telling people because he thought he was defined by The Date 2 years ago which everyone considers his sobriety date.  He finally decided that **"it's my sobriety and I have to own it in a way that is true to me and no one else.  The amount of time doesn't matter nearly as much as the honesty and accountability."**..So he politely returned all the cards and the coin and said he would gladly accept them on February 15...his new sobriety date.  ..Man I hate it when I run into people who are so much better in the program of sobriety than me....and it seems to happen every time I go to a meeting.... :)..Have a great day folks.
----------immediate responses--------

LOL!  I'm grinning because whenever I think I'm starting to get it I come across a post like this and once again realize that I'm just a piker.  Bless all the saints and sinners and don't drink TODAY!
Goes to motive your honor.   Norco for dental work by Rx is dicey but understandable. Norco for entertainment purposes to get high to escape to relieve emotional rather than physical pain...That sir is a problem....~~(BTW: WTF is Norco?)~~
So does that mean all the smokers at the meeting were less than a day sober?? What about all the coffee drinkers? I though the first A in AA stood for alcoholics? ..If I were being judgemental I'd say this guy was being a prize jerk. But I try not to do that so much these days. So instead U'd suggest that he/she's being more than a little self-centred in choosing the time when he/she was allotted to talk about being 2 years sober to instead make a silly point about somehow being "different" to everybody else...Good luck - don't put yourself down no-one should feel any worse or better than anyone else in AA but it is hard when so many of us continue to be so self-centred.
[deleted]
