-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j7nw6/day_8_denial_reflex/

I don't know how to explain what happened yesterday other than misunderstanding and thickheadedness. Essentially I was having a conversation with my S.O. and we talked about how we were still feeling temptations for the drink. The way she worded things made me think that she was alluding to having me break my sobriety and buy us both wine. This activated something in me I like to call "denial reflex"...The denial reflex is simply shutting down and becoming angry and denying her or anyone what they ask. I believe this wall was built in me after the last two months of trying to taper off the consumption and attempting to do the right thing when I had done the wrong thing too many times over. I know that that in it's self is a paradox but this paradox seemed to be the only way for me to have an attachment to reality when I was down in the pits struggling to figure out what was going on with myself with her and everything around me...The good news is that no booze was consumed I ended up making an ass of my self and pissing her off. Also managed to incite some rage. About an hour after the incident I made amends she made amends and I went to the store to buy cookies and ice cream. Sometimes in our most bitter moments we need something sweet to bring us back to the center...I just hope that everything stays stable through the coming days weeks and months. I love my family more than anything I certainly do not want to jeopardize all that I have over simple stupid stuff...In other news I am still here. I love you bros and gals. Let's keep fighting the good fight.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; The way she worded things made me think that she was alluding to having me break my sobriety and buy us both wine...Was it really the way she worded it or was it the way your alkie brain heard it? Just remember you are only responsible for your own sobriety not hers. Is she quitting in support of you or because she has her own drinking problem?..Don't be too hard on yourself. Yes while having a stable happy home life without strive is an admirable goal and one we would all love to attain the most important focus right now is maintaining your sobriety which you did. So congrats on making it to today. ..
In the beginning it is hard for one person to quit.  I can't imagine what it is like doing it together.  Good luck with it it will be a rollercoaster I fear but hopefully you both know that and make allowances. 
One day at a time.  ..My sponsor and her (now) husband quit alcohol and drugs all at once together.  She said it was a mess. She said they both needed to go to separate meetings work their own programs find sponsors and work on not taking each other's inventory.  ..It is a rough road but 11 years later they are still sober/clean and doing well.  It can be done.  
