-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j8y7g/first_aa_meeting_synchronicity/

So I went to my first AA meeting (4th round of checking AA out).  I struggle with it to some extent because I do not subscribe to group mentality or organized anything.  Unlike many others I don't struggle with the God concept but more a group that carries a set of beliefs.  Anyway this time I decided I need to do what it takes to get and stay sober and that AA may play a part in that for me.  If nothing else I thought I could make some sober friends to hang out with.  ..Well what do you know - I go to a meeting in downtown Denver and run into an ex-student of mine who had turned into a drinking buddy years after our class.  I've always liked this woman - turns out we have similar interests outside of drinking and she introduced me to 2 other women.  I think I at least found the meeting I'll be frequenting for the next 89 days.  Anyway - just wanted to share.  Seems the stars are lining up for my sobriety. 
----------immediate responses--------

So you ran into this person in addition the the other person you were going to go to the meeting with? Wow....that is some pretty cosmic stuff going on there. Built in sober friends are the best! ..Sounds like the time is right my friend. Embrace it and it will embrace you back. :-)..EDIT: [Thanks for the earworm](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R8976fuIqCo). ;-)
Yep. It would seem that I've got everything going for me in early sobriety so far.  Lots of gratitude. Thanks for the video :) love The Police!
Stands to reason.  AA is made up of the people we used to drink with or were a little further down the bar or behind us in line at the liquor store...We have been there done that; all of us.  And yes I suspect you will make sober friends and sooner or later other people you drank with will come in the door with an apprehensive look on their faces...
Very cool! Just a word; be prepared for a lot more weird coincidences if you stay in AA. I'm not superstitious or fatalistic at all but some of the random things that have happened to me in AA have made me scratch my head. I won't go any further than to say that weird shit occasionally happens. Most people in AA have at least one or two stories like this. 
 [a new ending and a new beginning](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Zbm-adN66CE) 
N-I-C-E!!!
I've run into some interesting people in the program.  One is a childhood friend who went to the same Christian school I attended.  She has 15 years in the program...at age 34.  I also ran into a woman who nearly ruined my marriage.  We have made peace (although I still deal with my feelings on the matter).  ..In both cases I probably needed those people to cross my path.  The childhood friend has become a major source of support and wisdom in my sobriety.  The second woman was a source of real resentment and hatred..and I needed to deal with that in order to ever move on and find peace.  ..You never know who you will find in a meeting...but what I do know is if I see someone in an AA meeting they are there for the same reason I am.  No judgments. ..Congrats on attending your meeting and making some contacts.  Collect those contacts and keep them handy!  Picking up the phone even to a stranger is much healthier than picking up a drink.  ..Well done.
That's so cool.  I find that stuff like this happens to me in AA too.  And your worry about groupthink- as you sample different meetings you may find a whole range of attitudes and opinions some of which might appeal...Glad the stars cooperated with you today :0)
