-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j9eda/two_hundred/

Lots of milestone posts today so I figured I'd throw mine into the mix. It's hard to believe that it's been two hundred days since I woke up on the couch wanting to end my life. It took eight and a half years of alcohol abuse before I decided I'd had enough for a lifetime...A couple weeks ago I finally made a formal announcement to my loved ones about my sobriety. I was met with so much love and acceptance it was truly astonishing. Over the next three days I am holding a marathon baking session to spread some joy to the people who have supported me over the years. It's generated a fair amount of hype within my circle of friends and I am excited to be getting started on it tonight. I'm even shipping some treats to loved ones who live far away. I'm thrilled to be making such a wonderful sober memory...My life has gotten so much better in the short time since I've quit drinking. My income has doubled my friendships have strengthened and I am finally starting to love and accept myself. At this point in my life I couldn't ask for anything more...Thank you /r/stopdrinking for being part of my journey. Every sober day that I have ahead of me will be well worth the struggle that it took to get to this point...Edit: Thanks everyone!! I've been crazy busy since posting this (I'm typing with one hand and whisking egg whites with the other) but I wanted to come back and acknowledge everyone who commented on this post. Y'all are awesome :)
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post.  Thanks for sharing and great job!!!
That is so exciting! It sounds like you are really reaping the benefits of your new life.  
Just great!  
Thanks for the inspiration!
Nice work on 200 and good luck on your baking marathon. Sounds yummy!
Nothing like a bit of yeast to help you "Rise" to this Wonderful Occasion!.Congrats on a terrific job and time well spent. Keep up the good work!
Love this!  Thanks for sharing :). And well done. 
