-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jbh8c/a_word_on_our_columbus_day_sober_meetups/

Hi everyone.  Hope you are having a great day.  By now if we were so inclined we have read varying reports of Sober Meet-ups on Columbus Day.  I was really happy to see so many actually occurring and the overwhelmingly positive reports. I wanted to pass along something I witnessed in Chicago:..Out of the 10 people who showed only 3 of us could actually say they worked and/or lived in Chicago.  The other 7 people literally came from hours states and countries away.  All for what?  To spend a few hours with some people who have gone through and are going through similar struggles in their lives and having some pizza.  To me this was simply amazing...When I started planning this I wasn't sure what would happen (or **if** it would even happen) but I did hope for one thing:  That some people who felt that they were all alone in their struggles would ultimately feel a little less alone in the world.  I know I do now.  ..If anyone here is like me alcohol was the key factor for many many years in my ability to socialize.  I believed I could never socialize without the lubricating affect of alcohol.  Therefore I am acutely aware of the stress and anxiety that occurs when we are going to socialize without alcohol.  Add in there meeting up with a bunch of total strangers!  It takes real courage and guts to get out of our comfort zone and go meet people...For those of you who did this on Monday kudos to you!  Congrats on taking another positive step in your own personal journey to sobriety.  To those of you whom for whatever reasons were unable to go I hope you explore something like this in the future.  If you do I am confident you will find it to be well worth your time...Good luck to everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post Nika!  It was definitely a positive experience meeting up with our "DC" group in Baltimore.  InbredNoBanjo came from many hours away.  And it was so nice to meet her.  It was great to put a face (and more importantly a voice) to people whose lives I feel connected to through r/sd.
[Chicago](http://imgur.com/rpY1CH7)
I wish I coulda been there I never would have left though.....so one of you would have been stuck with a couch surfer who can cook.
This is so cool!  I love it!  What did you guys talk about?  Family?  Interests?  Spirituality?  
I'm so glad you initiated a meetup Nika!! I had a great time at the DC/Baltimore branch. I have to say though I agree whole heartedly with your comment about it taking courage to go outside of our comfort zones to meet a bunch of strangers without our old go-to social lubricant. I was a bundle of nerves when I first arrived...as per usual at only a little over 4 months sober but it's getting better every day. Anyway it only took a short time for me tocalm down settle in and begin to really enjoy such lovely company. I'm grateful to be a part of this sub and grateful to have met some fellow mid-atlantic SDers!!
