-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jdgz0/200_days/

I came here a complete shell of a human being. I didn't experience feelings had no normal relationships I was explosive with everyone I came into contact with I was stuck in a toxic relationship with a heroin addict had *no* friends I was so fucking lonely and just *broken.* I just didn't live or experience my own life. I didn't want to see it confront it or participate in it. I just kept falling into drunkeness over and over and over again...Through a ton of struggle (omg you feel feelings again! OMG you feel feelings again!!) discomfort putting myself out there a little bit of work a TON of support from fellow sober alcoholics in AA my life is starting to get better. I don't wake up every morning and want to put a bullet in my brain if I can't pour booze down my throat fast enough. I don't need a substance to get through my day. In fact I tend to enjoy most days and have pleasant experiences in my day to day life. I am an excellent employee and I help kids learn. I am able to be there for my family and friends (the other day I drove a gas can to my cousin when she ran out of gas on the highway. In the past I wouldn't have been able to be there for her because I would have been drunk even that early in the day). After 6 years of being stuck in an abusive toxic manipulative relationship I finally got him out of my home and out of my life. I am single and I am okay with that (WHAT?!?! this is not me!!). I inspired my mom and my sister to stop drinking (at first I pestered them for a while then when I finally let it go - they both quit. Both of them just celebrated 1 month without alcohol!!!). I am establishing true real meaningful friendships in AA and have learned how to make friends and be a friend. Most importantly I can just feel *okay* with myself today...I just hope that I can show someone who is new and feels like everything is overwhelming and lonely and fucked up that it does get better.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome....simply awesome!
Happy double-century gsg!
[deleted]
Congrats! So much of what you said is  eerily reminiscent of my own experience.  Life is so much better sober. 
Amazing!!!
yeah!  that is great!
wow. you're an inspiration
[deleted]
Wow Girl You truly are an inspiration.  So much progress in such a short amount of time.  You have every right in the world to feel GREAT about yourself...It's wonderful to hear that you were a catalyst in helping your mother and sister to quit drinking...Congrats on 200+ days!!
Way to go on the big 2-0-0! You've made some amazing progress. You're going to make a great sponsor.
Yessssssss! So glad to see you post 200! Holy cow time is flying seems like it was last week that you were having issues with your first sponsor do you still have the same one btw?
\o/
