-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jpc33/going_to_a_bar_success_and_a_perk_of_not_drinking/

I'm just writing a success story because hey sometimes ya gotta brag right? :) For reference I'm 28 and the group of people I describe in this post are all 26-30. ..A good friend of mine is moving halfway across the country. Last night she had a going-away-party at a bar where we could purchase wristbands for $25 to drink all night. I've been in bars here and there since I quit drinking but usually in the context of watching a game or eating at a bar/restaurant. I have not gone out with a group of people for the sole purpose of getting "schwasty" as my friend said she was getting last night. ..Also nervewracking about this event was the fact that I didn't know anyone else who was going besides my friend who is moving. I don't have social anxiety per say (meaning I don't think it's severe enough to warrant a diagnosis) but I definitely struggle to not feel super awkward in these situations. I usually present ok but on the inside I have a lot of discomfort. When I was drinking alcohol was the perfect medicine for that feeling...So I was a little nervous walking in and I gave myself an deadline: If you're not feeling it after an hour it's ok to leave. I went in found the group and politely informed the person giving out bracelets that I would not be drinking. My friend piped in that I am "sober now getting her life together!" which was nice. We then chatted and reminisced; sadly a lot of our stories revolved around old drinking tales (she is a very heavy drinker as I used to be). I chatted with a few other people a few who asked me questions about not drinking but not in an inquisitive way (see my post history for some people in my life who *grilled* me for not drinking). I was feeling ok but ultimately decided after an hour that as people got drunker I would feel less ok so I decided to leave. I hugged my friend and we said our goodbyes and that was that. ..So this was a success for me! It was not easy but I feel that it was a success because I decided what was good for me (leaving early) instead of worrying bout how that would "look" to people. I also worked through the social anxiety pretty well and had a fairly good time!..The perk? Spending $1 at a bar. I got a soda w/ lime and was not charged (I did leave a $1 tip). In the past I would spend ~$50 at a bar or in last night's case I definitely would have bought the $25 bracelet and tipped generously. Here's to saving cash money!.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! I admit I have been beyond irritated with people feeling like they accomplished anything other than a false sense of security by going to a bar more than once in the first two weeks of sobriety. I like that you not only waited but you went with a plan. Sounds like you had a good time! Is there anything you would change? Anything you would add?
That's really cool. So after you walked away what did you do? I mean not only did you not drink but you could then do anything else you wanted right? Drive a car go to the gym do something useful get a good night's sleep. I love that doing a little social thing no longer means that the rest of my day is shut down because I am now drinking and will keep drinking. 
It's interesting that your heavy drinking friend felt the need to tell the ticket person the reason you aren't drinking. I've realized that the longer I was in sobriety non-problem drinkers really don't give a crap if you are drinking or not if they even notice. There are so many reasons you might not be drinking: pregnancy medication work in the morning designated driver.  And all of these are nobody's business but your own. ..I used to angst about what to say when I was offered a drink. Now I just say no thanks and carry on. I'm rarely pressed for a reason and never ever by a server. They really don't care.
Another perk:  You can actually remember everything that happened.  Didn't wake up hugging the toilet.  Was able to drive home legally.  I could go on :)..Congrats!
