-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jphog/almost_a_180/

Hey SD!  First Id like to thank you all for the stories and experiences shared here.  I come here for motivation and a reminder of where I came from and how much has changed in the last 6 months.  It has been a long journey that has seemed so short.  I cant believe 6 months ago I was fighting to drink one last time.  I am going on my first vacation here in the next couple days.  by first vacation I mean the first vacation I will be on with sobriety a part of me.  Last time I was on a cruise I was a closet drinker and it was very hard to abstain on a daily basis while there was drinking everywhere.  I think my wife seen this and opted for a day of "fun" which was exactly what I was waiting for.  This cruise I am planning on being different.  I got a soda pass (unlimited diet coke!  mmmm) and found out that the boats usually offer an AA meeting in the mornings.  I had no clue about this.  I have come to terms with my drinking and no longer feel uncomfortable around others consuming.  My wife keeps wine and beer in the house and Ive made its 6 months with out touching that so I feel I have this vacation in the bag.  There is an expressed consern from some of my fellow AA's about this trip which I find to be warming.  Maybe I am blinding myself about the struggles I may face on this vacation but I feel good and have the tools available to maintain my intentions in chosen situations.  I believe that my previous relapses and will to be addicted to alcohol were all choices that lead me to that place.  Just the same my choices now have lead me to be sober.  I am choosing to stay sober for myself.  A side affect of that is I am a better husband father and person...My ego was a real jackass when I was drinking and trying to stay dry.  I suspect my ego now is still a jackass but a sober jackass.  I feel confident about this vacation but know I cannot see all the angles.  What are somethings I should be aware of before I step on that boat?  Maybe not all fears but tools I can use aswell...Thanks again SD you have helped me save my life.
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't been on a cruise in 20 years but the only thing I could think of was keeping the balance on your "ship credit" low. I don't even know if that's how it's done anymore but on mine I think my room key was one of those mag strip swipe keys that also doubled as your ship credit card. Good lord this was before the Internet.....I'm old if you run onto "Rose and Jack" tell that bitch there is room for two. ..Have fun! . http://i.imgur.com/ewQMMGh.jpg 
&gt;I feel I have this vacation in the bag..For a long time I didn't ever think I had an event in the bag. I think you're really smart to ask for suggestions about what to think about. In general planning for all the contingencies I can foresee was really helpful for me in the first year or so. Visualizing what I would do eat drink and say at a big party for example. Figuring out fallback plans if things got rough. For example I'd bring something to read or a computer--and plan to remove myself if I felt like it and go read correspond or whatever else I needed at the moment. ..I'm not surprised by the lizard brain much any more and when it happens I have some go-to solutions. Tea chocolate go for a run or just get the fuck out and go do something else. I don't take the risks for granted even now just feel pretty good about how I respond even in stressful situations. I've never been on a cruise however...I'm interested in your comment about ego being a sober jackass. I've found that to be true (about me that is). Stopping drinking lets that inner selfish jackass fly I've found without the explanation of *well I'm a drunk.* I'm still working that problem--I think that's the work of sobriety separate from and subsequent to stopping drinking. 
You can do it! I went on a family cruise at 5 months in. I went to bed at 10 every night and was in the gym by 6. I left the cruise very relaxed and in a healthy state of mind and my end-of-trip tab was only $280 or so. If I'd been drinking it would have been 5 times that...Plus tropical weather is much more enjoyable when you're not hungover sweaty and anxious.
