-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jqy1d/1_year_today/

Hi SD... Today is one year with no drinking. I never have imagined this day would come a year ago. What can I say!? It's been slow it's been fast. It's been easy and it's been really difficult...I'm facing an impending divorce but I've handled it maturely and with love for my companion of the last 6 years. In the past drink had me saying things I didn't mean and sabotaging relationships in reckless ways. I still get anxious and I still get depressed. There's no cure all but I am stronger. I am a better person than one year ago today. ..2 days ago I lost my best buddy. My 19.5 y/o cat passed away. She had been my buddy for almost 20 years and I am devastated. However not once have I thought that a drink would make me feel better. I KNOW a drink won't make me feel better. It's pure raw emotional pain and it really hurts like hell. But I've learned that I was only hiding with the help of alcohol. ..My career is a dead end groundhog day of misery but yet I'm still hopeful. If you sense a through-line here... it's that despite all of the challenges and some really bad things happening for me I'm still hopeful and remaining positive. This would be impossible if I were drinking. ..I've dreaded these events for many years now and I'm extremely grateful I'm facing them head on. I really shudder to think how I might be if I were still drinking. I can only assume I would not be able to type this note right now. ..My life is far from perfect. Nothing was immediately better or fixed as a result of my not drinking. What's really changed is my attitude about things and my level of energy to deal with them. I'm not stuck in the cycle of drinking too much and struggling to keep up with the blows life deals. Everything was an ordeal or a problem for me before. And of course I needed a drink just to deal with anything. The endless cycle that that creates was extremely tiring but it takes not drinking to really realize this. ..If I could impart one thing to SD it would be to just stick with it. Don't expect immediate results but also don't be discouraged by this. While I reflect on the past year today there's a lot of subtlety to be thankful for. ..I need to thank this sub especially. I have not attended any meetings I really don't have any support group except this sub. Although I'm not involved to a large degree your stories and advices have inspired and motivated me to where I am now. So thank you and good luck to you all. Love ~mom. ..UPDATE: I'm overwhelmed by all of your support today. It means so much and if like to thank everyone individually... So TyTyTyTyTyTyTy...
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome job!! Sorry about your cat-buddy.  Twenty years is a hell of a run I'm sure he lived a good life with his best friend.
Congrats! It ain't easy but it feels so good.
Whoa - this post hit me right in the heart; it's exactly what I needed to hear this morning. I'm so sorry that you're going through such hard times - it's awful! But I'm joyous for you because you're taking control of the situations working through them and coming out sober and stronger. ..You are awesome congratulations on one year!
This is a fantastic post.  Your sobriety is amazing -- keep it up!
Congratulations on your smiling star! Thank you for sticking with it and reminding me that even shitty and sad but sober is better than the alternative.
[deleted]
Congratulations /u/Yeti_Urine!
A Mothers Love! Wonderful "honest" post... much respect for you and all of your efforts! Your post is overwhelmingly full of a "Good Attitude"! Keep up the good work it is inspiration for all who frequent this sub. And heres a big {HUG} over the cat... that is very tough stuff. Warm memories should make it easier to take... over time. Be strong! Stay the course!
Sorry to hear about your cat I bet he/she was happy you were sober for their last year.  Keep it up and Congrats on your year.  \o/
