-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jr71m/im_hating_sobriety_right_now/

I was going to write this big old post but I just don't have the energy. I wish I could be more positive - I know this isn't particularly encouraging to the newly sober. But the truth is I'd give my left nut to be given permission to go and get wasted. ..The walls are closing in. I'm feeling incredibly anxious my chest is tightening teeth clenched and the sound of my wife's voice is like fingernails on a blackboard. ..I'm not a relapse risk. But I'm so fucking miserable. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm not a relapse risk...&gt;But the truth is I'd give my left nut to be given permission to go and get wasted...One of these things is not like the other...Six months was a rough time for me. I needed more support and more meetings.
Sorry you are having a bad day. Is anything else going on in your life that might be contributing to these feelings? Anything you can actively work on?
When I get like this i find working out does wonders or calling someone close to you...Or if you are into meditation or praying that is infinitely more healthy than being miserable and/or drinking
Ugh! Has this been going on for a while? Something precipitate this funk? As far as discouraging a newcomer we aren't here to blow sunshine. I'm extremely grateful for those with the guts to admit failure admit being depressed hurt lonely scared. Removing alcohol doesn't turn a switch from sad to happy. ..You have come a long way you got sober at about the same time I joined SD. Take a few minutes to read your posts from then. Hang in there!
You are one of the hallmarks of this sub (to me). You started posting right when I first started thinking of quitting. Unlike me you've kept it up and now have almost 200 days. If really hate to see a relapse part from you. Whatever it takes go to bed sober tonight. 
Sorry to hear this. I'm in a similar boat. Got a bunch of suggestions from Reddit and AA about what to do and the funk is strong enough I can't seem to do them. I completely understand. Sometimes maybe time is all we need?..I remember thinking I'd never stop shaking and crying at the start. Those passed... Quickly in hindsight but at the time it felt like forever. Maybe this 200ish day funk is just a thing that happens. I'm trying to do what I can and accept what I can't these days. 
You are a relapse risk. Relapse starts happening before you pick up a drink and it really sounds like you are starting to talk yourself into drinking now. ..Hit a meeting. Today. [This link lists AA meetings near you.](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28) ..Be sober and be well.
Hang in there. We're here to listen commiserate or set you straight...When the walls close in I have to escape. Get out for a walk run ride or even drive with the stereo pounding. Maybe that will help you...I too miss the euphoria and oblivion the temporary escape from problems and opportunity to shut off my brain. It is a scary and ugly place in there at times. I haven't found a replacement or substitute. I have decided that sober and shitty is better than drunk and avoiding. I hope you do too.
Hey UR.....Don't just "hang in there". DO SOMETHING different!!..Whatever that may be.  If you think it has to do with your meds go back to the doc.  If you think it has to do with you get your ass to a meeting or DO SOMETHING different than what you're doing.  ..&lt;3
3 Stages of Relapse..#1) Spiritual   : drifting from your program readings meditation..#2) Emotional  :  case of the 'fuck its' and selective recall of euphoria..#3) Physical  :  actually drinking...Sounds like you are at Stage #2.  Go back to Stage #1....renew your humility your conscious contact your willingness to believe that something greater than yourself can restore your sanity...
Yeah  same here.  I Can relate it to issues in my life right now. I am doing things (without drinking this time)  to isolate myself and it feels wrong even though I am sober and don't really plan on drinking.
Hey urbanrunnner!  I'm sorry you're struggling man.  When I was around 6 months sober I was really starting to hit my stride.  I'm sorry you're not happy...When I quit I made huge changes to my life.  I focused on doing other things besides drinking to make myself happy.  Even though I was counting calories and trying to lose weight I had dessert just about every day.  It could be a cookie or two ice cream popcorn fruit ...  But little things like that really made me happy...Additionally I went out of my way to find activities and exercises that I enjoyed.  I wanted to lose weight and get in better shape but I really don't like going to the traditional gym.  I got into cycling Krav Maga and lots and lots of tennis.  I had friends ask me 18 months ago how I thought I could keep it up "forever" and my answer was that since I'm doing things that are fun I don't see that as a problem...I did other things too to help myself be happy in sobriety.  I see a therapist that specializes in addiction.  My wife and I started seeing her after an incident where my drunken behavior threatened our marriage but I've continued to see her to learn to communicate better and deal with stresses better.  It really helps...Are you doing anything in your life that's just for you?
As others have said do something different.  Your world feels like it is closing in it's getting dark those are signs your head is inserting itself in your butt...There is nothing that says recovery has to be miserable though we all have days which suck - but only as much as we let them......Get to a meeting AA Smart Hare Krishna - I really don't care but move...
I know this feel it wears off my friend. Like all feelings good and bad they pass. It takes strength to not pull the trigger and submit to alcohol's calling when these feelings start to overwhelm you...I have craved drinking lots in my time came close a few but not once do I wake up the next day and say "I sure wish I drank yesterday" 
[deleted]
[deleted]
