-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jr7jq/embarrassed_any_similar_stories/

I had to own up to my roommates and tell them that I am a recovering alcoholic after a relapse where I drank his booze and blacked out and apparently broke a piece of his furniture. And by furniture I mean a giant glass bong. ..They were pretty livid and when I apologized a couple days later (stayed with my sponsor all weekend) it was one of the most embarrassing things I've ever had to do. Luckily I had my sponsor there with me for support but I could feel my face getting bright hot lava red as I sat there and had to listen and look my roommate in the eye while he's unloading on me. ..I'm letting go of resentments but I couldn't help but feel like I was begging for forgiveness. Clearly I was in the wrong here but I had nothing to do but absorb the words and apologize. ..Anyways I know that it gets better which will happen physically in a few days and then mentally as long as I don't drink and work my program. The reason I relapsed last time was because too much marijuana smoke was making me depressed and hopeless and I ultimately got a really strong case of the fuck-its. Buckets of fuck-its...Anyways I'm trying to let go but when I think back to Friday night my face can't help but get red. Does anyone have any similar roommate stories or having to explain your alcoholism situation to people you're living with? It's embarrassing but I know it's something that has had to be done. Ugh
----------immediate responses--------

The reason people relapse is because they want to drink...
I was a weed smoker for 1-2 years. Snatched some weed of my roommate at that time a few days a week. Felt bad. Changed city (studies) found a new flat and roommate and started heavy smoking. Spend about 2000  that one year on weed sold by illegals on the street. If my roommate knocked on my door I wouldn't open. He knew what was going on and I apologized at first. But I started to not care about it any longer just smoked more and more weed. I was embarrassed sad desperate had buckets of fuck-its too. I was like a ghost...Depression therapy eventually tought me techniques to handle my mood and I managed to quit weed. (I didn't tell my therapists about my smoking habits - dumb idea.) It would have been harder if my roommate was a smoker. Unfortunately I started drinking a few months after for the same reasons: Shut down my moody stressed mind in the evening. Didn't utilize my techniques since then...Do you feel like your roommates can support you? Booze-drinking weed-smoking roommates can be a bad temptation for our unwanted desires. But judging from my experience you should not smoke weed as a substitute. It might not make you physically addicted but the sedative effects are imo stronger than alcohol's. It will keep you from learning to handle your emotions thoughts and desires like alcohol.
The embarassment of being an alcoholic was a reason like fear that I continued to drink for sometime.  The fact that you faced your most resent blunder and didnt die should be a testement of what you can go through.  If that was the hardest thing you have done or the hardest thing you have to do the rest of this will be easy.  If it was just the tip of the iceberg be glad you have had practice in those feelings and realizations.  Drinking while being an alcoholic is toxic and sometimes deadly.  Smoking was enough for me to take the edge off at times but ultimatley was a replacement for my drinking and the same patterns began to emerge.  I knew I was playing with fire but thought I was safe since it wasnt drinking.  Same thing tho.  I wanted to smoke because it was an escape from the reality of my life...I have tried to explain the nature of my drinking and how it affects me daily.  Those who have been through addiction or are thinking they are addicted can relate to my words.  The ones outside of this have yet to show understanding.  The sympathy I get from my sister (who is outside) is damn near condisending and inspires ragefilled thoughts.  I dont owe her or anyone else an explanation of my past thoughts and actions.  If they want to know I will share but i am not forced to make others understand me.  Sharing helps me recover and see my thoughts in a different light gets my thoughts out of my head.  Most of the time after sharing the smallest sincere comments will lead me down a thought process that is completely beneficial.  The unthinkable path that my narrow vision would not have seen with out the expression and reaction of my thoughts...Embarssment for the things that make me who I am is a remider to accept myself for who I am.  I am my own worst enemy and am way to hard on myself at times.  I am a very flawed human being and that makes me the perfect me.  Shame for some is a huge trigger its a hard spiral to fly out of straight...Keep strong.  Know that staying sober and feeling is better than getting fucked up and being numb.
