-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jrujp/drinking_nightmare_i_know_these_are_common_but_im/

I had a really vivid nightmare last night about relapsing. In the dream I stole a bottle of alcohol from a friend and hid it in my stuff. No one had basically any idea. We were at a party and people around me were drinking wine. I took my purse and went into the bathroom and kept taking swigs straight out of the bottle. The next day I was over at the same friends house and we were working on a craft project and I had a new bottle I'd just bought and was taking sips off of it and getting worse and worse as the day went on. Then in my dream I blacked out and woke up in a strange dirty house and couldn't figure out where I was or how I got there. A person came into my room with a bunch of my suitcases with stuff in them and told me I couldn't leave until I "made the witch appear" and banished her. Then he left the room locking me in there. ..The dream didn't really go further because my kid woke up and needed a bottle waking me up but I was pretty much drenched in cold sweat. Ugh.
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh - that sounds so awful and yukky! Maybe do a little crazy dance around the room and [shake it off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfWlot6h_JM)?..The witch is banished! :)
ugh I'm sorry :( drinking dreams are the worst! I had them regularly for the first several months of my sobriety. as time went on they became less frequent and less upsetting. I think I've had three over the last year or so. it's important to remember that they're just dreams. I would use the fear provoked by them as proof that I'm taking the right course of action by being sober...good luck!
Have you looked at [this post from the FAQ?](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)  Drinking dreams may actually be a positive sign of recovery.
The witch is not to be ignored.  The dirty house is still filled with real life nightmares that need processing for banishment.  This post makes me think of my own dreams and what I choose to make of them.  There was a part in the story of Enders game...the third book I believe where Ender (Andrew Wiggins) was speaking with the hive queen of the buggers.  The Queens cant speak in the normal sense its more a telepathic type idea.  Well there was a point where the queen was trying to express a thought and Ender didnt have the vocabulary or the experience to process the thought properly so his mind created a confusing vision to try and make sense of it.  This strikes me as simular to how I should interpet my confusing dreams.  Some problem my mind is trying to figure out but hasnt had the proper experience to relay the information in an understandable dream.  There is a message there (so i choose to believe) just need to figure out what all the pieces are saying...Not to say this has anything to do with you but more of a reflection on my own circumstance.  Thanks for the post!  You got me thinking...Gratz on 16 days!  and the wonderful joy of children!
Yuck. Sorry...IMHO if you have a drinking dream and wake up upset then it's a good thing in total. You drank (in your dream) and it was a nightmare. That means your subconscious knows drinking is bad for you. ..I still get drinking dreams now and then nearly 10 years sober. It's just that your subconscious has a new monster to scare you with when its time for a nightmare. 
Drinking dreams are scary and creepy but I have learned to be grateful.  They clearly demonstrate for me just how much shame and remorse I would feel if I drank IRL...Last one I had was so real I even got arrested!
Drinking in dreams doesn't count. Just keep up the good work in your waking life.
Think of it as a great dream not a nightmare.  ..You had a horrible experience then woke up and realized: "Hey!  I have 16 days!  I'm proud of myself."
Wow this is crazy! On Friday I was talking to my friend and realized that I dreamt about being at her house and I left but "awoke" back at her house 	again drinking a small bottle of vodka and being like what am I doing then said no one will know and finished it.  First and only dream like that too weird!!  Good luck with your sobriety it is an awesome feeling!!!
I totally agree it's a positive sign.   It indicates that your brain is changing at a deep fundamental level.   This is good!..We should all be completely repulsed by alcohol and that includes some fear and loathing from time to time.  That shit is death.   We do however have complete control over it as long as don't dump it down our own throats.   So we got that going for us.   :)
I really hate those drinking dreams. It's always such a relief to wake up and know I'm still sober! That feeling of relief has really reinforced my desire to stay sober.
