-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2juvd7/whats_something_positive_that_happened_to_you_in/

I'm sorry if this is a bit off topic but I thought this could be a fun and healthy thing to bring to the table...Here's mine: I have really bad social phobia. I got a new car last spring and I knew it was about time to take it in for an oil change. I was *terrified* because I've never done that before. Sounds silly I know- but I did it anyway everything went fine and I'm really happy that my car is all good to go. ..I'm still struggling to get passed social phobia issues without the use of alcohol but hey- baby steps. A year ago I wouldn't have driven a car around town by myself and here I am with my own car doing all these car things! ..So what's your positive?
----------immediate responses--------

I tutored third grade reading.
I cleaned my room and did all my laundry. My room was a disaster you couldn't even see any of the floor. But now you can see all of it :D
Went for a run. Despite my user name I've barely been running recently
Today the lady that runs the gym I go to came up to me during my workout and told me that I must be the happiest client she has because I always come in smiling. ..Little does she know that I'm drunk on lifting and I'm one hell of a junkie. 
They are still accepting people into the program I applied for in January. My transcript got lost in the mail the first time and I am cutting it CLOSE.
Someone I never expected to pay back money borrowed 3 years ago sent me a money order for 500 bucks!!!
Got the house and yard all ready for winter - raked mowed trimmed all the fun stuff that needs to done before it snows. Got caught slacking last year. Wasn't able to talk my wife into letting me put up Christmas lights though
I like this idea! My positives are that I am still sober feeling a lot better physically and crossed a ton of things off my to do list (which is helping me feel better mentally as well). Also reading the threads on here has been helpful and definitely a positive!
My little dog wakes me in the morning about 15 minutes before the alarm. She's so silly the way she rolls around my bed and wags her tail that I can't help but giggle. I woke up every morning for like 10 days giggling. It's the best.
I got a job as a jazz band director!!!!!
I attended my first meeting!
I had a to do a difficult thing for a friend. I failed the first time but came up with a way to do it that worked flawlessly. I was totally stressing about it but it worked out great. ..Thanks for the post - great idea!
We finally found a drummer for my metal/punk band. He's a great guy great drummer and I just found out he quit drinking four years ago. So it's cool to have another non-drinker in the band.
I wasn't hung over on Sunday morning so I went and played Ultimate frisbee with my friends in the park on a most beautiful day. My body is the best kind of sore two days later.
I played tennis with a beautiful Spanish lady she kicked my ass.
