-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jypu2/exercise_was_my_outlet_got_injured_freaking_out_i/

Lurker for longer than I care to admit..4th time stopping for real although I've promised mom/gf/friends more times than I can count. ..Got to almost two months last time absolutely dedicated to making this happen this time. ..Reddit friend (shoutout to /u/sorcut3141 told me to start exercising to take my mind off it/figure out how to spend time without getting drunk). ..Dropped like 15 lbs in a month went from running 1 mile a day to 8 then I slipped this weekend on a hike with my gf (she left after I relapsed last month and this was our first "let's try this again/show her/remind her the guy I am"...worked well but I quickly figured out there's no fucking way i'm moving with my hip all fucked up. ..Monday sucked I missed the exercise but not the drinking (a first for me) since age 15. ..Tuesday....feel antsy as shit and all I can think of tonight is how much less stressed I would feel with a little buzz. ..Anyone else ever been here?..Abs and bicep curls aren't doing shit for me right now...I made a fucking leaf Pokemon thing for her even...I hate Pokemon she loves it (trying to make amends)...I'm losing my godamn mind http://imgur.com/a/5j1gr
----------immediate responses--------

First of all that pokemon thing is friggin' sweet. Secondly maybe you should try to find an outlet that isn't physically intensive. Video games some kind of skill like drawing or painting. Even if you're terrible at it will be something that you accomplished. Most of all remember to play the tape all the way through. Think of how fucked things will be if you drink again. You've got momentum just keep your eye on the prize and take things one day at a time!
Is your hip too bad to swim?
If you're a runner at some point you're probably an injured runner. I know exactly how you feel. I'll offer a few points as a 50+ runner (which means pain and injury are my closely-held enemies). Apologies if you know this stuff already. ..So--get on the physical therapy. Ice. Start working on getting better rather than waiting to get better. Stretch. Walk long walks. Vitamin I (Ibuprofen) is your friend but after exercise and not before. Access to a hot tub or sauna? ..Then get out there for a *short* run probably a little before you think you're ready for it. Notice the difference between pain and injury. ..I'm curious how quickly you ramped up to 8 miles/day and how many days a week you're doing. When recovering from injury I'd suggest not running more often than every other day...And yeah got to get some other forms of exercise. I don't have others that I like as well as running either so I can't offer much good advice that I've followed as yet...Anyway don't drink. Injury is a part of intensive exercise and no excuse for losing your discipline. 
I was a dedicated runner for years...injured my knee and couldn't run...went through hell. Then decided "never again!" And diversified my workout so that no matter what happens there's exercise I can do and enjoy. I run row lift bike do pilates and yoga (yoga is great because there's no one injury--except a back injury--that can stop me from doing it). I didn't love all of these activities at first. But I love them all now! 
I need something in addition to exercise eating right sleeping enough. That is the physical end of the spectrum...The spiritual side of things also needs daily care and one without the other is doomed to eventual failure...I can't exercise myself sober I didn't drink because I had a beer belly..SD AA can be done without breaking a sweat.  
Hey /u/LeoAPG -- 2 years ago this T-giving I broke my left hip in two places in a fall from my bike.  I really put a world of hurt on myself--but I found little ways to work on core strength and I doubled down on diet and got through recovery in a flash.  But I did it the same way I do recovery: one day at a time.
Can you get to a pool? It's what I do when I get messed up running. Or Bikram Yoga depending on what kind of hip injury it is-- same  "totally wrung out" feeling of a good hard run without the impact.
Exercise is a huge part of my recovery and life in general.  I Also have a herniated disc in my lumbar spine.  Its flaring up right now so I can't really do anything.  I feel your pain. 
