-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k4xef/66_days_thoughts_and_the_present/

Hi /r/stopdrinking...Havent made a sound in a while. But today i felt like i needed to...The last 2 months have gone well. Except for the occasionally "Damn I miss having a beer with friends" I havent spent that much time thinking of alcohol. Although the friendly beer with friends never really was my problem. The days has passed and gone by quickly. I think I've gotten a long way since the last post i did here I no longer see alcohol as a solution. Until just recently(earlier today ill try not to go into what happend)...After being somewhat in a bad period of life I thought I finally fought my way through it. I today had somewhat of a relapse not in the sense that I drank. But that I really felt like doing it. I had this huge chunk in my throat. This chunk made out of sadness anger and what feels like loneliness. A chunk that felt like dry like a thirst a thirst I've usually blotted by drinking Whisky...Since I am writing this I know for a fact that I'm stronger than before. I went here instead of to the bottle. I'm glad that this subreddit exist even though i never thought it would make a big difference just checking in and seeing the days I've been sober motivates me to continue this sober journey...Thanks a bunch..//One of many who this community helps
----------immediate responses--------

Just writing about it helps a lot.  Well done on coming here rather than picking up.  Keep on rocking!  Well done.
I found it was really positive stop to focus on the sensations in my body rather than get caught up in the mind stories produced by those sensations. I was sober a few years and I fell into a deep depression due to financial problems. It felt like there was this lump of coal in my stomach. Instead of listening to the negative thinking in my head I put my focus on the tightness in my stomach in an accepting way. This caused the tightness to loosen (although I wasn't deliberately trying to make it happen) and this caused my thoughts to slow down and my depression to lift. Do you think it would help to just focus on the sensation of a chunk in your throat rather than getting caught up in the stories for why the sensation is there? As the other comment says just writing about this stuff can be a great help as well. 
I know that throat feeling very well... Like you want to scream or yell or cry but you're holding it back and it hurts your throat. Good news is that your emotions start playing through again and you'll have your ups and downs but eventually the throat chunk dissolves as you embrace your feelings and process them in healthy ways. :-)
