-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k8wit/an_intro_dreaming_of_relapsing/

Today I have 142 days sobriety - life is good. not going to get into a long-winded introduction here but i will write that i was a very heavy drinker for 3-5 years voluntarily admitted myself to a rehab in June did 'the program' for a month or so after i got out and found I didn't like it as much as I liked the in-house version at the rehab and decided to stop attending meetings. once a month or so i attend an 'alumni' meeting at the rehab it is nice to catch up with some of the people i met there. lately i have been having dreams about alcohol - mostly in the recurring form of inception style waking up within my dream and seeing empty bottles in my kitchen and getting angry at myself for drinking and blacking out again. i never actually drink in the dreams it is always the day after and seeing the end result as if i had been drinking in my dream's dream the night before if that makes sense. the dreams are vivid and i typically wake up angry soon after. then i realize i'm still sober i'm awake in reality and did not black out consciously remembered putting head on pillow and falling asleep rather than passing out like i used to. ..The dreams do not really concern me so much as they annoy me. I don't feel guilt in teh dreams nor do I when I wake... just anger. pure anger directed at myself AND the bottles. I find it curious... and thoroughly frustrating. I have zero desire in real world to drink i know what awaits me at the bottom of a bottle all too much and i've worked too hard to get this day in let alone the previous 141 to just throw it all away...Anyway - that's a bit about me and my dreams - they started about 2 weeks ago and have happened a few times. i've googled it and it seems normal. Have any of the others here in early recovery experienced similar dreams?
----------immediate responses--------

ugh i'm new and just read the faq probably should have done that first. one of the top questions is about dreams.. derp.
I was just about to share the [link to my post about drinking dreams.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)  Welcome /u/evilsynx to r/stopdrinking.  
Dude inception style drinking dreams are a royal pain in my ass. I relapse in my dream then wake up within a dream thinking that dream was real. I have woke up crying woke up yelling and woke up depressed many times...Thankfully they are never true and I am always sure to share about them in meetings. I have heard from people with a lot more time than me that they do not go away BUT their frequency and their power do fade with time.
I have had several drinking dreams.  The dreams are terrible. They are the dreams where I think I  wake up and try to stop dreaming but then I go back into the dream again and I'm drinking but don't want to drink and the guilt and shame is heartbreaking. I wake up and it takes a few seconds for me realize that I didn't really drink it was just a nightmare.   But  I seem to have a different take on my drinking  dreams than a lot of others.  The guilt and shame I feel when I  wake up actually allows me to feel the feels without actually relapsing.  It's like my brain is saying "this is what it will feel like if you drink don't do it!"  I've always had very vivid dreams!  Off the subject but I've actually had flying dreams!  Those rock!!!
