-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kaoqh/i_dont_know_if_i_can_emotionally_handle_recovery/

I'm in a sober living environment now.  I got out of a 28-day recovery program (not 12-step) and here they require me to go to 3 house meetings per week 5 12-step meetings per week daily morning meditations and one session with the counselor.  These meetings just suck the life out of me...I can't bring myself to speak up or talk to anyone.  I just want to be invisible or run away or jump off a cliff.  Sometimes I actually try really hard and I think of something to say but never actually say it.  Other times I just leave take a long bathroom break hide whatever.  I hate my very existence just sitting in that circle...And then the staff here come try to talk to me about it.  "What's wrong?  Are you scared?  Do the other guys make you uncomfortable?"  I just want to be left alone.  That's one thing no one is willing to do...Every time I bring up my concerns with anyone - that I'm really suffering emotionally that I'm trying but these groups are killing me and I just can't take it - the only response I get is that I'm not open-minded enough that I'm not trying hard enough that I just have a bad attitude...The entire source of my distress is people pestering me all the time whether it's to "make sure I'm okay" or to chastise me for not being good enough.  I'm not distressed at all by temptation to drink or fear of relapse.  That's easy.  It's every other part of "recovery" that just drains me of all my energy and keeps me depressed.
----------immediate responses--------

For me my root causes of addiction the things I had to deal with in recovery started with and centered around a self esteem which was warped twisted under and over inflated and just plain confused...This is what I had to deal with and had been self medicating all those years.   It's so hokey when they say "let us love you until you can learn to love yourself" but damn they are right... When a good looking woman said those words to me after a meeting they were terrifying ..hiding under a rock while technically a plan has its limitations...  this takes time it takes making stupid social mistakes but its ok.  Eventual aim is to become comfortable in your own skin and it happens in time....
Can is a statement of ability you have to chose to handle recovery and you absolutely can.
I'm 14 months sober and sometimes I'm still emotionally wrecked.  However those feelings aren't as often and as bad as they were in the beginning.  It will get better.  I think my turning point was when I finally began to forgive myself.  Hang in there.
Facing our fears is a big part of recovery. It sounds like seeing a psychiatrist for an evaluation for depression and anxieyt might be a good idea. Thanks for your post.
&gt;I just want to be left alone. ..Why don't you leave? Do you see value in staying? If you weren't there what would you be doing to stay sober?
I don't know how long you are sober or if this is your first attempt to stay stopped. I'm going to make an assumption that you didn't book to rehab because you wanted a holiday.  ..Early recovery is a tough gig. I felt like I had no skin I was so raw. I was five weeks in when grudgingly heading to a meeting and decided no one is making me stay in recovery. It was a choice I could make or not make. ..I was pretty broken emotionally by that stage and it was hard work. Im really shy it turned out with a fuckton of social anxiety. .The thing that saved me was making a friend in aa. I got given a number and called. I ended up calling this woman almost very day and she saved my life.  Slowly interacting with people got easier and easier. ..I also heard recovery described as an adventure. That helped too. ..Keep us posted. ~~Good luck.~~ This phrase is bugging me in hindsight it's about willingness not luck. I wish you well. .
Do you have trouble with group environments unrelated to recovery?..Would you consider yourself an introvert? 
