-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kap1b/2_yrs_sober_relapsed_struggling_hard/

In the past month I have seen exactly how fast everything I worked for during the past two years of sobriety can fall apart. Here is where I'm at: I have gotten drunk four times this month two of them in the past week. After each time I have vowed not to drink again. I literally feel like I have gone back in time struggling to accept that no matter what is going wrong in life drinking is not going to make it better in any way... making and breaking the same promises to myself and feeling terrible about it. And yet I keep fucking up. I need and want to start back at square one. I know that all I need to do is "not drink" but I also know that I need to deal with some of the other issues in my life. What can I do to get myself back on track and stop this negative behavior from spiraling out of control? 
----------immediate responses--------

For myself I could not stay stopped without a support group in my case AA.        .For all its faults AA works for some of us even many who think it can't work for them - because of some perceived difference.  Seems to me like it might be worth a shot - and yes there are alternatives try one try em all  - but it's likely there is AA near you....
I have been in your shoes albeit not with 2 years sober but I don't feel that makes a difference for what the next step is. Intellectually you know exactly what you need to do and likely just feel paralyzed. Quite possibly it feels like an admission of failure and you don't want to feel as though the last two years were all for naught. Perhaps there was something in the last two years that was lacking in your recovery that you hid or covered up and now realize that to go forward it too needs to be exposed. There's a myriad of differences between you and I. What is the same is this: recovery without honesty to yourself isn't recovery as much as it is just 2 years that you didn't drink. ..I tell anyone new that if you hear nothing hear this if hidden away is the belief that your life can continue as is just without drinking.....that is not recovery that is time spent not drinking. On and off I spent a decade of a couple months here and a week there and almost 3 months not drinking to finally surrender and accept my reality. I thought....if I do this I have admitted complete defeat. Nothing could be farther from the truth. I finally had relief a very heavy load I burdened myself with was gone. It may not make sense and the only way I can express it a feeble attempt but it was as if I spent the last 10 years shivering. In the beginning of that time I had so many options to stay warm and I gave them all away to people I felt more deserving than I. The surrender was a warmth i can only describe as a really long hot shower that made steam rise from my body leaving me with an overwhelming feeling of re-birth...I hope this makes sense. A concept I never understood because I was too busy helping others is that of self compassion. I think you need a very big dose of it and you are the only one that can give it.
You need to get support ASAP. You got 2 years so you know that this is possible but at the moment you need help. Try AA or SMART or your local book club whatever it takes. This is a critical juncture for you and you will need help to know how to proceed the right way.
What had you done over the past two years to get sober and stay sober?
Thanks for posting this. I'm 300+ days sober but the last two days I've been in a lot if emotional pain and the thought of drinking has been intense. I don't want to make it worse and it sounds like that is what happened to you. I don't want to feel worse and neither do you...I should go to a meeting to share about my struggle right now. It helps curb the urge for me at least for a little bit of time. I suggest you go to a support group in person and tell them exactly what you told us.
I relapsed after 9 months. I had one beer. The guilt was so intense the idea of going back to day 1 so painful I convinced myself I should attempt moderating. It was a mistake. One that lasted for months...Don't hate yourself for giving in. You probably relapsed before you had the first one. I had contemplated moderation for weeks before my slip...Try not to place meaning on how many days you have but rather today and all you can accomplish sober. You're not less of a person because of your count. Too often alcoholics worry that others judge them based on their number of days. Really we're all focused on our own recovery...You were sober for two years. That isn't meaningless. Think about how awful your life would be if you'd been drinking all that time.
We're all right there with you... Just one drink away. You know what it takes to make it 2 years so you can do it again. Just don't internalize this as failure. It's not failure it's just a setback that you can also overcome. Don't be afraid to ask for help.
When I realized I couldn't stay stopped. I knew I was done. Done as in done in. That terrified me enough to go to aa. ..I'd stopped for 30 days after finding r/stopdrinking. And halfway through I had this small thought 'what then?'  That's when I knew I was fucked. ..People say day at a time for a reason. Just for today don't pick up the first drink. Even if it's a minute by minute. 
There's an old saying I heard in the rooms one of the few that I agree with and that's "Staying sober doesn't keep you sober." I know that I don't need to drink but what about everything else? Hell I hit this wall at a year and a half sober fortunately I didn't drink but I was still making the same mistakes over and over again in life. The same mistakes with friendships romantic relationships with my finances at work etc. It creates a frustration with life and a loneliness that some not many people really understand...It's okay not to be content with just staying sober. You shouldn't be. I have a strong need to be taken further in ALL areas of my life or else I stand to drink again possibly even go crazy like I had. I was fortunate to find a GOOD SOLID fellowship in AA who talked about this address all of it within the framework of the 12 steps and go further in life. But a LOT of things are going to go awry in life if a very solid program is not in place.
What happened? I'm curious how you were able to get to two years firstly because that is a great accomplishment. What happened internally/externally that resulted in your drinking?..Anyone can fall down and eff-up. You can pick yourself up again and climb back. :)
This is not "negative behavior" that you can control through some miracle of will power with a solemn vow this is a symptom of a fatal disease. I can only tell you my experience which is that I was never successful at stopping drinking for any appreciable length of time until I threw in the towel went to AA and followed their suggestions. I didn't do it perfectly and I wasn't the best listener and I was a reluctant participant and I was very skeptical about damn near everything they told me but I did it well enough so that it worked. It wasn't easy and AA was the last place I wanted to be but when I looked at the alternative and my track record I had no choice if I wanted to live any kind of life at all. Maybe you weren't as bad as I was or maybe you're just now finding out how bad it can get but I know that for alcoholics of my kind AA really works. It did for me. I have never regretted it.
