-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kbh29/sober_saturday_as_a_22yr_old_student_including_a/

Hello SD..First of all thank you very much everybody for reading and contributing to this sub. I have been lurking for the past couple of weeks but now felt the urge to share my experience. I wrote this post in a word document that had been lingering as an unsaved file but tonight I feel like sharing it. It is a long one probably too long but the sole act of sharing it makes it feel right. The structure of the post is therefore a little funky. For those who want to read about my current situation and what triggered this post you can read the last paragraphs. For everyone else but especially myself here is how I tell my story:..I'm 22 year old student who has decided to cut out alcohol almost four weeks ago. I'm from Europe and currently participating in an exchange program in a big city. Even though it's not my first time living abroad I still went through various stages of self reflection in the past days that is also triggered by the experience of being in a new cultural environment...I'm from a country where drinking is legal at a relatively young age and  this being widely socially accepted often encouraged and at times forced in a way. I grew up on the countryside where binge drinking was popular among a majority of friends starting at around the age of 15. If I think about it I remember lacking self esteem and finding a strange form of relieve from drinking in a group. I was popular had a thing for languages and writing interests in music and movies played in a band and engaged in various romantic relationships but alcohol was a constant companion during that time. I went to clubs concerts houseparties festivals drank myself silly angry sad to the edge of puking. I also got ill more easily in general yet I continued to drink almost every weekend. It would not come to my mind that it could be a problem in the end since everybody did it and it wasn't questioned...At the age of 17 my parents split up and my mom started to drink away the problems leading her to depression and events that I would easily like to forget. I became more independent went to therapy to save myself from more harm still played music and concerts had supportive romantic relationships and managed to finish my school with decent grade from my perspective. Yet drinking was still essential even though I would cut out alcohol on certain occasions or among certain friends only drinking little amounts or staying away from it for some time (not too long though). My own experience with it plus a summer job working with chronic drug users showed me my limits but I still felt like I just needed to moderate it right like the rest of my friends. I would put myself in relation to others saying that  I wouldn't drink a bottle of vodka during an evening which I always found disturbing. I was mostly sticking to beer and had respect for hard liquor but I remember enjoying the evenings most where I was really hammered and not just tipsy...Then I moved abroad for one year working and partying in a different country. I made a lot of friends great trips and learned a new language all things I love. I managed to have a better relationship with both my parents. I also broke up with a long term partner of mine someone I wanted to leave earlier but I was too afraid to. She had showed me a lot of support during the hard times but I wasn't fully in love. I stayed in this relationship nevertheless since I didn't have the courage. There was drunk drama often initiated by thoughts of me being in the wrong place with her. .When I moved abroad I was drunk every weekend that I could seldomly feeling shame when I ended up in awkward situations but mostly feeling great about it. I was in a country where drinking is also an essential part not only for youngsters and I really enjoyed the drinking culture. I felt free for the first time in my life in many ways. I had interesting relationships and friendships. Still many of them were centered around drinking so especially during the week there were periods of loneliness and a growing sense of sadness within me. Don't get me wrong I was surrounded by lovely people most of the time but I felt sad still it would not occur to me that alcohol could be the reason. I often felt lack of self esteem which I covered up with drinking partying and sex the latter often also feeling like an addiction but also making me feel great at many times...Then I go back to my country of origin being sad about leaving my new friends behind but also enjoying the fact that I will move to a new city and start studying..I started Anthropology being not sure if it fits my interests but it turned out to be inspiring and interesting in many ways. Both this and my life abroad were new to me I always conceived myself as someone with not particular talent though especially not sports or at times more "respected" subjects like maths engineering. Even though music was a big thing for me and playing it was an essential part I still felt inadequate many times since I didn't feel like I was needed in any way. Drinking though made me feel special the fun outgoing humorous person I wanted to be. ..Then my studies went well for two years grades being above average and I find myself enjoying the subjects. Still I continue drinking now not only on the weekends but thanks to the liberal student life also on the weekdays. I am working studying watching my money and working on my love life I still manage to go partying a lot and always keep a bunch of friends around me that put up with that life style. I also go into certain environments that make drinking less questionable like being DJ at parties. I feel pretty much like a  regular student . Those of you who have studied probably know that a lot of your success is based on time management. I found myself in situations were in retrospective drinking interfered with my performance. It is crazy how I just realize how lazy I was. But to sum it up I still felt like I just needed to manage my drinking just as I was managing my work. It just felt so natural. ..Being a student of Anthropology I sooner or later figured out that my role is to question the  natural .  My drinking behaviour might be socially and culturally accepted but the stories I read here on SD resonate with me in a disturbing way. When I discovered this sub and started reading I knew I had a problem. I had googled symptoms of alcoholism before on hung over Sunday afternoons when I woke up from something awkward or dangerous I did the night before or when I was just feeling like shit...In my last months before leaving to where I am now I was in a relationship with another exchange student. Our relationship was tense from the beginning since we both knew that we would part she going back to her homecountry me going abroad. Besides the usual ups and downs of that constellation I felt loved and understood like I haven't before. Yet I can't deny that many of the doubts I had about us myself the feelings of anxiety and lack of self esteem were boosted by the alcohol that I would drink at different occasions. Of course we partied together and got drunk together but that often led to problems. The alcohol would emphasize my doubts that I had about myself but I didn't realize. I just thought I am a miserable individual who just can't get his shit straight so decided to find a way to deal with it. ..Fast forward I am an exchange student exploring a new country very different from my own but me and my ex are going separate ways. We tried to keep up the relationship over the distance but I didn't work for me. I went through intense phases of anxiety that felt like this huge feeling of dread and stress. I obsessed about making wrong decisions not being able to trust my feelings for her basically doubting everything and everybody while feeling miserably physically. There were days where I just wanted to sit in the shower and cry. What I can't leave out of the picture are the drinks. As an exchange student there are parties everywhere and to take my mind off everything I went out. And I came home feeling miserable. I left my girlfriend via Skype after a night like this doing nothing but crying at her and myself...A part of me thinks that this is yet another break up and I will be fine someday soon. And another part of me thinks that countering with drinks and going out is a good idea. So I manage my week  after breaking up of course feeling sad and silly for my emotions. I manage not to drink then the weekend rolls around. To make it short I wake up on Sunday hung over sad and depressed once again. And then I decide it is time to stop. I take a step back and look at this narrative of my life you just read. I see the alcohol and I put a red flag whenever I encounter it in my memories as causing me trouble. As you who read it can see easily there are many of those. Yet it is amazing how I was able to ignore it all the time heck even legitimizing that this is normal life...So here I am on my way to be sober for a whole month. It has been difficult. As a student I am exposed to many situations where alcohol is expected. Hell when you are an exchange student it is even worse because many don't take their studies seriously and use it for finally being able to let loose. I know better for myself..I went to parties and concerts sober which was weird. I missed getting drunk just mixing in with the rest of them. What I didn't miss were the hangovers the lost hours feeling like shit and being paranoid about my drinking behaviour. I read about the benefits here on SD and I can feel them.  I read this sub every morning and evening often also during the day. I have never felt such a strong feeling for a forum like here...Still and this is the reason I started to work in this post again I have to vent tonight: I had a second date with a girl I met off the internet she spontaneously came over to my place and I happened to have cooked earlier so I could offer her food and hung out with her. We planned to meet that night she proposed to go to a bar and get drinks. I felt comfortable enough to say yes and then tell her later that I will stick to non-alcoholic drinks. I wanted to be able to do that. Then we ended up staying at my place just talking. There was tension in the air that we both wanted to get closer but we were shy. I couldn't help the thought that this was inadequate we were supposed to get drunk like she implied and not hang around on my bed on a Saturday night. I started to hate myself for this thoughts. Soon the time came she had to leave and I just decided that I made a mistake I put myself in a situation that I am not able to handle. Not only is the break up with my ex still fresh especially those haunting thoughts about alcohol being the solution to my love interests makes me weak...Just before she left to catch her last ride home she turned to me and gave me a long kiss right out of the blue.  I was baffled smiled said goodbye and went back to my room and just laid on the bed. My laptop was still playing a sad tune by the Antlers which she put up as playlist before. I sobbed a little feeling like something is taking me apart from the inside. I was proud that I didn't drink that night I know it was a wise decision. Still I couldn't help but to feel pathetic for being so obsessed with the alcohol as my problem solver. I just lay there in the dark of my room letting my thoughts roll. Then I turned to my laptop and wrote this post knowing that I will feel better afterwards...tl;dr: Thank you people. I face the struggle of not drinking in an environment that would easily support it just like it did in the past. Even though I face this pain I won't drink today..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/theAntler to ar/stopdrinking--so it sounds like you already [read the Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) or have seen SDers refer to the ideas there.  I hope you will join right in and participate in the SD posts and comments.
I think your thoughts are completely normal for being newly sober! Dating is stressful even if you're having a good time. It gets easier as the weeks and months of sobriety roll past. By that I mean EVERYTHING gets easier. Welcome!!
Thank you for sharing! Great post. 
