-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kdkb6/reflections_upon_day_100/

As my hundredth day of sobriety comes to a close I have had the time to reflect upon the quality of life I've enjoyed since quitting.  I haven't posted much only offering a few comments here and there; however I read almost daily.  Because of this I thought I would share with all of you...Quitting alcohol has been both one of the easiest and hardest things I've done.  We all know the sentiment of "just dont drink" is often easier said than done but I find the hardest challenge is not trying to "enjoy only a beer or two" with the guys on game days. Once you've accepted you cannot have alcohol it becomes easier and it almost becomes a natural response to say no. The hard part is fighting the underlying cause of why drinking was necessary in the first place.  I'm at a point of my life where it is easy because I know I am incompatible with alcohol.  It is hard to remember why.  ..When moderation comes to mind as it sometimes does I remember I never really drank for the taste or relaxation; I drank to get drunk. Becoming drunk was the goal and I would often get gutrot whiskey or some cheap 6 dollar bottle of vodka and maybe a six pack of good beer but it was always with the aim of getting too drunk. The relationship I had with alcohol was not a healthy one.  For those who have a problem remember this.  ..I do not miss the hangovers.  When all my friends are sleeping in or feeling nauseous in the morning I remember that I used to be part of that.  I would crack open a beer to nurse that hangover and may be drunk by noon.  Not anymore.  I wake up after a night out with friends feeling great. Now it is a hot cup of coffee and a deep sense of gratitude that I have come this far.  ..I do not miss the crippling sense of anxiety I got when I did not drink for a day or two.  I do not miss trying to quit a few times before the final time back in July and only sleeping a total of a couple hours for three or four nights. I do not miss being exhausted yet unable to sleep; to see the empties and half full bottle of liquor on the table and hear them calling my name. When remembering that feeling of helplessness and sense of worthlessness I shiver and thank God I am not there anymore.  For those who are reading and still struggling: believe me it gets better.  ..I do not miss the shame of having to scroll through my phone and see /try to remember all the things I did to hurt my close friends/girlfriend.  I lost a couple really good friends from my drinking and almost my girlfriend but I managed to pull myself up and quit.  It gets better. ..I'm a second year law student at a good university and the stress can be overwhelming.  Those of us here at r/StopDrinking know that alcohol does not relieve the stress.  We have to work harder and longer to recover from the hours lost to drinking.  If I am feeling stressed I remember that I am producing better quality work at less of a time cost.  If I was drinking the stress would be exponentially higher.  For those struggling please remember that...I did not hit rock bottom per se but it got close.  I was also very functional despite my drinking; I would drink about a fifth a night five or maybe six times a week.  I also personally did not benefit much from AA however I would recommend it for the first week at least...The anxiety and problems are temporary everyone.  The rewards are a lifetime so remember that.  I am happier healthier and just generally better off than when I was drinking. It is totally and completely worth it and I think we can all agree to that...I thought I would share some of my thoughts with my brothers and sisters here at SD and remind everyone that it does get better.  ..God bless...
----------immediate responses--------

Third Year Law Student here wishing I had given up moderation during my second.
Wonderful look back at 100 days.  Thanks!
Hail new centurion!  
[deleted]
Very inspiring post! Congrats on 100!
