-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kf8y7/we_are_a_fortunate_people/

I went to church with my Dad today my mom is on a book tour and he gets lonely and wanted the company. He seemed surprised but I reminded him that I am not the child that is a militant angry atheist which is a position I can't understand I left the church because I wanted more happiness and love within...whatever. ..There is a women's meeting the organization is called "The Relief Society" so the lesson today was "Gratitude in Every Circumstance". I thought "how cool I got this!" As the lesson went on I grew more and more confused. These adult women were discussing different ways we can have gratitude.....hu? You have to work at it? People talked about how difficult it is for them.....hu? How can that be hard? Blah blah blah for the next 30 minutes ends with a challenge.......to write down at least one thing we are grateful for each day......hu????? One?  I said nothing but holy shiz! ..This is so profoundly sad to me. I am beaming with gratitude from the second I wake until I go to sleep at night. I'm pushing 40 I live in my parents basement I'm an alcoholic single parent...The list goes on. What must these women have going on in their lives that they struggle to find one thing they are grateful for daily? I was really blown away...So I know gratitude topics in October is like Christmas songs before thanksgiving to an alcoholic....but I feel so fortunate. The only way I can explain it that I have gratitude FOR my gratitude. ..I'm still baffled. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Amen sister. I am flooded with gratitude every time I see my child see the sun smell the air outside wake up sober...
That is baffling. Sounds like me when I was drinking. Miserable about everything and ignoring anything positive...Happily I sat for a second and listed off about 20 things I am grateful for tonight. ..We ARE fortunate.
And that is why I am a grateful alcoholic. :-)  .. If we never experience the chill of a dark winter it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer's day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom and find the blessing in every curse.  ..  Anthon St. Maarten..&gt;The only way I can explain it that I have gratitude FOR my gratitude...This made me smile. Sometimes when I'm reflecting upon what I am grateful for on my way into work (part of my morning routine) I will think that exact same thing and it makes me giggle. But it's true! 
What an incredible eye opener! When I first started going to meetings hearing somebody introduce him/herself as a "grateful alcoholic" was like nails on a chalkboard to me. But now I think I'm starting to get it. I don't know that I can say that I'm grateful *to be* an alcoholic but I am definitely grateful and I am definitely an alcoholic...so I guess I'm a grateful alcoholic! ..I can't even count how many times I have cried out of gratitude over the last 5 months. I'm so full of gratitude that it is literally bubbling over and pouring out through my eyeballs haha. It is an incredible feeling and I too am grateful to feel grateful :-)
&gt; I have gratitude FOR my gratitude...Sarah you're tripping me out. I had this exact thought cross my mine while I was driving yesterday! Gratitude is so important to my sobriety that I'm grateful for having gratitude.
Gratitude is something I struggle with.  I think it's just one of the distortions of my thinking that I am prone to.  Even after a recent near death experience I struggled with it  when I shouldve been thankful to be alive  to be able to walk and for the people around me.  I think it's awesome you're so grateful. Something I have to work on. 
/u/SarahSiddonscooks your overflowing gratitude makes you a *very* special snowflake among a group of special snowflakes :) We are a community of people trying to get and be better. Part of recovery seems to be understanding our thought processes emotions and behavior more fully than the "average" normie ever needs to. They need lessons too--just because they never lost gratitude doesn't mean they are in touch with it. It's not just the LDS though they are an easy target. This summer I've noticed two blurbs about gratitude on the local UU signboard...I am grateful for the morning light and golden leaves the love of my family and this space to ponder and share.
