-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kjedo/relationships_and_hook_ups_just_need_to_get_this/

I've been "seeing" this guy. And this has been going on for... Maybe a couple weeks. The reason I put it in quotes is because we basically just hang out at my apartment watch Netflix cuddle go to bed then have sex the next morning. So alright sex is cool. But I've never been good at the friends with benefits thing because I develop feelings really quickly. And the other person usually doesn't develop them at all which makes sense I guess. Since it's just supposed to be sex...So I'm not holding it against him (but honestly I am) but I'm just not good at the casual thing. Especially coming from someone that claims they like me and also have feelings for me and don't just want to have sex. But that's all we do. So. What am I supposed to think? I feel like my brain is getting all anxious and crazy up from this and I don't want to happen. I've never been good at relationships a bit too much on the codependent side so I've just been trying to avoid them or any casual encounters. But I see this guy 3-4 times a week before we even started spending time together. And so we started talking and... one thing led to another. Which was fine but honestly I kind of just wanted to do him and ditch him. Not to sound cruel but I was ready to take that approach. .Unfortunately the first time we had sex it was really awkward for both of us. We were both nervous. He hadn't had sex in 3 yrs before me so it's understandable. I just feel like he insisted on trying again to make up for the first time's awkwardness. Which we have. But it wasn't necessary to do so...But in between we've been holding hands and cuddling and being intimate like two people in a serious relationship. So... I can't get it out of my head. We aren't affectionate when we're around each other since we both go to the same meetings and.. we're just not. If we're alone not at meetings then yeah we are. I just think this is going to get really sick really quick. I feel my perception changing as it does when I get close to someone. Because I think I'm forcing myself to become close to him even if I don't have true feelings since I have this massive fear of being alone. And I just cling to anyone that gives me the first sign of affection. And sure he's attractive and cute. And kind of funny. Weird. I like weird. Good in the sack. Sweet. But he's really not very bright (and not to toot my own horn but I consider myself somewhat of an intellectual). ..And I'm done with just sex. I can have sex if I want. I don't want sex. I don't want mindless physical b.s. I want something real. My sponsor keeps mentioning writing out my ideal partner; what I really want in a significant other. And I keep mentally crossing out things when I hang out with him. Because he doesn't at all fit my ideal partner list...But off goes my crazy brain. And it goes forever and I get lost in delusional bullshit about another person that they have no idea about because I spend hours in my head thinking worrying wondering and probably obsessing over this person. Right now it happens to be him. And I'm doing it. And I keep toying with the idea of ending this now before I get lost and crazy and drag him down with me. I don't feel like I'm sound enough in any part of my life (especially my sobriety) to go down the relationship road. We've already spent a good amount of time together and I've already seen myself act like a total bitch to him and had to apologize. But I see myself doing it and I just go. I could unleash my delusional crap into him for hours. Luckily I haven't been too horrible. Yet. And when it gets bad enough bye bye sobriety. This is the stuff that causes me to relapse so often...I know this is going to sound silly but I lived with a (different) guy (we'll call him K) a couple years ago and it was hell. I couldn't control my anger my insanity and unleashed on him both verbally and physically. And we parted ways only to have sexual encounters in following months. And every time K and I spent time together it was just fucked up; clashing of personalities. Bad situation all around. So K moved into my current apartment in March and stayed until late July  and it was almost the exact same situation as before minus the physical abuse (at least on my end). The reason I mention this situation is to relate it back to what I was going to say: I feel like this situation has fucked with my head. Because now when I'm spending time with 1st guy I feel like I'm just trying to control and manipulate and be mean and rigid all the time. Which I have been. I feel like my mind is still defensive from dealing with K so I'm acting accordingly...So long story short: I don't know what to do about this. I sent 1st guy a text message and told him we should probably talk. He spent the night last night and we had sex this morning then he never sent me any sort of communication today. Nor I to him so I suppose it's a two way street. .I just don't want to fuck this up again. *I WANT TO BE BETTER!!* Feel better. Be as close to normal as possible while still being myself. I don't want to lose myself again.
----------immediate responses--------

Your post is kind of all over the place.  I noticed something though: you say that you aren't good at relationships and you're trying to avoid them.  And then you say that you're clinging to this "thing" with this guy because you're afraid of being alone.  ..You need to get rid of your fear and anxiety and you need to decide what you want.  Relationships can be a beautiful and fulfilling thing but I feel like you bring a very wishy-washy mentality to the table.  You need to decide what you want and go after it...You say you're done with the casual sex you want something *real*.  ..Tell this guy that you want something real and meaningful.  If he doesn't then ditch him.  Do not let this situation drag on and tear your mind apart.  You don't need to do that to yourself...
I don't think you have found yourself yet....can't lose what you don't have. This is why it is strongly suggested that starting a new relationship with less than a year is not wise. If "bye bye sobriety" is connected or hinges on someone else's participation in your life you aren't doing this for you. You will do whatever you want anyway but there are two chances that you will have a successful happily ever after relationship and keep your sobriety those chances are fat and slim...I can't tell you the pure bliss I feel standing strong ALONE. I love it so fucking much. I've been absent from myself for 15 years now that I am back I have some catching up to do to reacquaint myself with the coolest person I know that I sleep with every night with no room for anyone else at this time or any time in the foreseeable future it's the only person allowed to eat crackers in bed. That person is me.
I'm sorry...but your situation is an example of why people emphasize no new relationships in the first year.  Your post mentions going to meetings with a guy...so two people in sobriety (early sobriety) hooking up?  Is he in the program longer?  If so this could be a 13th step hook up.....I would suggest you focus on yourself on getting healthy and on finding a stable new normal before going further into situations with the opposite sex.  Relationships complicate an already complicated process - recovery.  You are growing..you are changing...you are discovering who you are without booze.  Tough for someone to get to know you when you don't yet know who you are going to end up!  ..I'm sorry you are having a hard time....but be kind to yourself.  Take it easy and focus on one day at a time getting healthy staying sober.  All of the rest will fall in place in good time.  ..Mouse
Relationships are very difficult even in the best of times but during newer sobriety it is insanely hard. I have seen many many people relapse over relationships and the only two times I came close to relapsing both involved relationships...For me it boils down to how important my sobriety is to me. Anything I put in front of my sobriety I lose so I need to tread carefully here.
Simplify your life by focusing on your sobriety. This is the time to build a relationship with yourself. During this period I was vulnerable. I didn't know how to have a healthy relationship with myself let alone someone else. Having a therapist and support group taught me how to be alone happy and whole. You are unnecessarily complicating your life. Stop! 
As soon as you mentioned that you guys "go to the same meetings" I had to stop reading...This does not sound like a good situation to me at all.  I would pull myself up by my bootstraps and end it quickly.  
I appreciate everyone's words of wisdom. Sometimes I get so caught up in my head and I can't think straight. This helps a lot. It's been a weird few days. I'm glad you all are seeing me through my crazy thinking. Thank you.
