-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kjxge/a_humbling_story_about_what_your_drinking_can_do/

This is a throwaway obviously I just needed to vent and try and help some people i'm 15 and my Mums been drinking in bursts since I can remember this time it's especially bad but I felt like writing a story could show people how much it can impact the ones you love. I hope this gives you guys all motivation.....There's something so inevitable about watching someone you love be consumed by darkness. Especially when that darkness stems from the roots of the person you love. You watch them fight themselves and grow exhausted as you sit by idly unable to help a stranded child in the womb of desperation. They wear this mask day by day internalising this struggle; and the child merely observes this eternal battle longing to intervene but seeming so helpless. You watch them destroy this image of themselves which they have strived so hard to create unravelling the seams of their own universe in an attempt to fill that void with the darkness inside them. They look at you through the mask which contains the last shred of their being their soul stares into you with an intense passion that has glazed over mingling with the incorrigible smell that emanates with their every breath which you have come to loathe. The words drop off their mouth like so many before them throwing themselves off of rooftops and cliffs in an attempt to end this roaring fire of confusion. You look through that mask you see the person that once was longing to escape fighting to contain their last shred of dignity before they slip away into the darkness. As the last shred of reality escapes them you see a flash of terror leave their eyes as they realise exactly what they have done they realise that they unleashed this beast of darkness unto themselves and have allowed the very beast which they were fighting to envelop them. That moment of terror is the one which we dread the most because then they are lost cast into the void of despair and self-loathing. Scrambling for breath in the sea which is tainted with the very thing they consume. You know you must stop them from reaching this void but you have to sit back and watch them struggle. Depression. Anger. Rage. Sorrow. Despair. Forgiving. They look to you they see this whirlwind of emotion and only once they have seen that there is someone out there looking for them will they follow that light home. They will sew together the scraps that they have left picking up the fragmented pieces that the darkness has caused. Though there will always be a piece forgotten. There are still fragments of the void attempting to consume them you see them in that person. These intangible tendrils that lick at the person you love but that cannot be stopped. That terrifies you but you must keep providing light allowing your loved one to follow you to safety. For if you don't. They will once again be consumed.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
please check out /r/alanon which is geared towards you.  there are links there which will lead to resources in your community - more I am afraid to help you than your mother - that sadly is really up to her....
That was both beautiful and heartbreaking to read. You are obviously very gifted but this topic matter isn't something that you should have to deal with nonetheless. Unfortunately your mum has her path and you will find yours. I hope you have loved ones friends mentors etc. that you can reach out to for support. Please do look into /u/Slipacre 's link as well for alanon. The best thing you can do is help yourself and know that nothing that your mum is dealing with/going through is your fault. 
Thank you. While I was reading your story I was reading it from both the eyes of the child I once was (of an alcoholic) and from my own eyes as an alcoholic mother of two children.  Wowzers.  That was intense.  Please check out [Alateen](http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/for-alateen).  It is obvious that you have a deep and empathetic soul.  I think that it would be very beneficial to you in learning how traverse this rocky landscape and still take care of yourself.  
