-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kml1s/sometimes_i_really_hate_freaking_doctorsand_i_was/

Ok guys so this whole thing of having a subreddit for support of hubby and I is new so I'm not sure how I'm going to handle posts.  Only a few of you are registered on the hugs subreddit...and my posts still involve my recovery..so here I'm reposting.  Please feel free to subscribe to /r/hugs4MouseandSpouse also.  I know you guys don't know hubby and I personally...but this struggle is the struggle of an alcoholic in early recovery playing a very shitty hand they were dealt.  I think that might resonate with others also.  ..Ok here we go: .Hubby has had fevers for days through the chemo...fevers as high as 105. Finally yesterday he dropped down to normal and has stayed there for over 24 hours...I've tried to get the Doctors to call me since I've been working during all of this and I'm not at the hospital when they make their rounds. Last night I finally wrote it on the board "PLEASE have Doctors call wife at (___) 555-1212"...Around 11am hubby tells me the doctors stopped by but it might not matter if they call because the Doctors want to send him home tomorrow if he doesn't have a fever still. Seriously!? The man can't keep food or liquids down...so you want to send him somewhere where he isn't on IV fluids with no more than one day notice and expect him to have 24/7 care....instead of staying in the hospital with professionals?..So this redhead ginger snapped out on the Doctors...and brought up a list of concerns and reasons why this was a pretty darn bad idea. Apparently the nurses all agree with me there is no way the man should be coming home yet...Today is Day 8. On Day 14 he'll have a bone marrow biopsy done to determine how much of the leukemia they knocked down so we can decide the next step...I'm scared. Hubby seemed really upset and emotional yesterday (understandably) and tonight he talked to someone about another friend who went through 6 (!!!) rounds of chemo. B looked at me and said "I don't want to go through 6 rounds of chemo"...Whatever he decides down the road I will support but the knowledge that he intends to stop treating at a certain point if it comes to that is sad...I left the hospital early because he was tired...and I'm exhausted too. I stopped for dinner on my own and realized I was right beside a bar. Now this isn't particularly the best bar doesn't have any major positives to speak of...but I was/am lonely...and the romanticized image of sitting at the bar with a beverage (hey it wouldn't have to be alcohol..sure!) while chatting with a stranger in a personable way....it sounded good to my beaten up spirit...So I went for Chinese. Hell no. Sure I could sit at the bar with a soda and talk to some drunk guy or girl for a while to pour out my story to someone who won't remember it tomorrow. How would that help? I'm guessing I would have pretty quickly started wishing I could join them in their hazy oblivion...because oblivion sounds pretty nice after such emotional days...Then I would wake up hung over which would potentially interfere with my job..which I so desperately must keep especially with the main bread winner of the house off work for 8 months or more...So......Like I said...Chinese. I tried cherry flavored pork. Sounds really nasty but it was delicious...Another day sober another day alive and another day kicking and fighting. Tonight I vow I will go to bed early (earlier than 11pm which has been my recent norm)...Thank you to those who are reading this and who have subscribed to /r/hugs4MouseandSpouse. I appreciate it...Hugs..Mouse.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah Chemo sucks!  Horrible stuff; BUT I know lots of people who survive and go on and thrive.  I may have mentioned in the past Mouse but the name of the firm where I work is after a leukemia survivor who's now closing in on 90!  I mean Marvin did the whole bone marrow transplant thing in his 70s.  I call him the bionic man for all of his hips knees and cancer care.  
You're being supportive. You didn't drink. ..You have the right to vent any time you need to. We're here to listen any time you need to.
Chinese! ftw
I can't imagine what hubby is going through. I am a cancer survivor.  I didn't go through anything like he is.  I was diagnosed right after my divorce and I was a single mom with no family around.  Xhusband moved away and never looked back.  It was hell. That was the year that my drinking spiraled.  Crazy bcs I should have been taking care of myself but I was so scared and so alone that I self medicated with wine.   Your husband is lucky to have you :)  Stay strong and healthy eat good and get sleep and above all stay sober.  Be the rock that your husband needs you to be and vent to us whenever you need to. 
Sounds like you are doing an amazing job supporting your husband; he is lucky to have you.  You are doing what you have to in order to get through..Robert Frost said it best in one of his famous poems:.."He says the best way out is always through.	.And I agree to that or in so far	.As that I can see no way out but through "
[deleted]
Just subscribed. Hang in there Mouse you're an inspiration to more of us than you'll ever know. We're right there with ya. 
Hang in the there. My brother has been in remission from leukemia for 15 years.  
