-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kpdju/first_time_posting_here_sobriety_feels_different/

First off.  I'm definitely an addict.  I have recognized this before done the whole AA thing for about a month then said screw it I can get it under control myself I'm not like these people.  Fast forward 2 years my marriage is falling apart lost 2 jobs because of the booze teetering on losing another blacking out more frequently flying off the handle beat the shit out of my best friend for no reason kicked down doors and punched holes in walls and sometimes wishing I had the balls to put a bullet through my temple...So that being said I am getting therapy was "trying" to stop drinking being compliant with my meds and going to my appointments.  Had a couple relapses because I thought I could still get it under control and go out and socially drink like a normal person.  Well I realized that I am not normal.  I am an addict who would do any type of substance if it made me stop feeling feelings for a while.  My doc prescribed Antabuse and I have been taking it since Saturday morning and have not had a drink since 10:38 PM on Friday 24 Oct 2014.  I intend for that to be my last drink ever...tl;dr  I'm an alcoholic.  Tried quitting before.  On Antabuse.  Last drink ever 24 Oct 2014.  It is for good this time.  More anxiety than other times I have gone without for 5 days because of the permanence of it this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like quitting is a good move for you.  I've been seeing a therapist since a few months before I quit.  She helped me see the problem that alcohol was in my life.  Since quitting she's been incredibly supportive and helpful in my recovery.  She's helped me deal with frustrating situations better so that I don't rely on alcohol to "deal with" them...Good luck.
Sounds like you are willing to try. That is a good thing...Ask yourself what are you willing to do different this time around...Give AA another shot but this time try to stick around awhile. When YOU realize that you are like the people in the AA rooms you will be able to relate and learn from them how to live a sober life. ..I wish you luck. 
For the anxiety of permanence I suggest the cliche sounding "one day at a time".  It really does work.  Only focus on not drinking to today.   Worry about tomorrow when you wake up.  And then just another single small day to worry about.
Welcome /u/daveo87 to r/stopdrinking--yeah it sounds like you may have crossed an important bridge in your thinking about sobriety.  I want to share [this additional link with you to what I call the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) with some practical early actions that helped me stop drinking and get sober.  Good luck and I hope to see you commenting and posting as you go along.
&gt;permanence of it this time...You can break that enormity down into little pieces that are manageable. As others say here it really is just a one day at a time proposition. If you can focus on what you need to get through today and today only without picking up a drink--that's your win. ..Glad you're posting here. What other things are you planning to do to support making that decision every day?..
How're you finding the Antabuse? ..My therapist mentioned it to me the other day just as another tool people use. Only issue is the only place it get it in my city is where I work haha.
welcome
On 8/29/13 it felt very different this time for me too. Why? Acceptance of my reality. I thought I had acceptance before....I clearly did not.
