-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ksdra/no_major_life_changes_in_year_1/

I went back to school the same week I sobered up.  It was obvious that I wasn't going to get through my classes if I was drinking so I quit in the first week of it.  After a month of struggling to read unable to concentrate no memory and unable to absorb material I've decided I need to withdraw mid-semester.  I need reassurance that this is just a set back not an end.  Has anyone else gone through anything similar and if so what were the results.  Both good and bad experiences will really help me.  Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

For me the "fuzzy brain" was a temporary setback. Case and point: I worked in a call center during early sobriety. We had to input 10 digit account numbers during each call. I found myself unable to remember past 4-5 digits and had to alt-tab numerous times to input them. It made me feel very slow and stupid. At some point within my first year and I don't remember when exactly my mind sharpened and I remembered those 10 digit numbers with ease...Another nice side effect is now some 24 hours later I have an excellent job that requires me to use my brain in different ways a lot of the time and I am more than equal to the task. I experience a clarity and focus I NEVER had when I was drinking...It does get better!
Have you sat down and spoken to your academic adviser and professors yet?  I would do that BEFORE I withdrew.   
It took me a good 6 months to feel like I was functioning normal again. I had drank very heavily for years and once I quit I felt great in the first few months but had trouble concentrating and what seemed to be short term memory loss. (Its weird not remembering what I did in sobriety)...i wouldn't remember watching a movie until I was a good 30 mins in and then I'd realize I already saw it...even though I watched it sober both times. And I had a lot of problems with schedules I started keeping good notes on a calendar..But it got better over time! 
For me things started to change between 3 and 6 months when it came to mental capacity.  Things turned around at my job and I started blowing people away in sales.  My job has the potential to become fast paced and high volume depending on the night.  Multitasking efficiency speed and memory are key aspects of success in my business. 
There was a [discussion about this](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kp8hp/day_10_feeling_fuzzy_brained/clnf5u0?context=3) yesterday.  My brain started slowly working better until I feel like at 90 days I was back to "almost normal".
I had to push back my graduation a semester to get sober. Hands down the best decision I ever made. I am so much more at a stable spot mentally and physically to finish strong and present this semester. I figured in the bigger picture Id do better taking care of myself and well being first that college would always be there. 
