-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kyxmh/halloween_night_drinking_dream_at_5_years_sober/

As most of the regulars know I wrote [post that's in the sidebar FAQ about drinking dreams.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/) Last night an unexpected (by me) windstorm ripped through the region (it's now OK to rake leaves since no more will be falling) and at 3 AM this morning I heard a banging which I attributed to the storm door flying off the hinges--our house is situated very close to the Lake Erie south shore and the front of the house frequently gets pounded by storms in other words its not that unusual to feel that the front of the house is being sheared-off.  I scooted downstairs to secure what I imagined remained of the stormdoor.  It was all there but blown open.  After locking the door back into its frame I texted my "partying" adult daughter to use the back door if she came in before I was up and out at 5 AM.  Then I jumped back under the covers...I woke up shortly before my normal time after dreaming that I was in an upscale lounge drinking "sipping liqueurs." In my dream I was falling off a stool.  When I went to pay I was shocked at the cost and I was contemptuously told by an annoyed bartender that no one should drink double "deathsoarers" (get that /u/deathsoarer?!!).  In the dream I was humiliated but I laughed out loud as I was waking up I thinking--jokes on them I'm not paying and ANYWAYS I don't drink!  ..Like all the drinking dream posts on SD point out this felt entirely real up until the moment that I "learned" that I had been drinking booze named after one of my new SD pals.  It sure helps to know that this was a "counterfactual" and not a sign that I am on the bubble of relapse.  Finally as I said in a lot of my comments over the last couple of years while I hadn't had a drinking dream in quite awhile I wouldn't be all that surprised to have one again.  I was right...So you can bet that the very first thing I did this morning was make a conscious and deliberate decision that I'm not drinking TODAY!..Happy All Saints Day!
----------immediate responses--------

That is funny...Please don't drink your fellow SD'ers. ..Were you a vampire for Halloween by any chance?
Glad it was only a dream. 
A drinking dream post from you? Say it isn't so! *-)..All Saints Day! As a recovered catholic it completely slipped my mind. This is *our* day...Celebrate!
It happens. You seem to have a healthy response to drinking dreams which I think we all agree can be pretty jarring. They seem so real!..BTW- the baby steps have been indispensable  this past week or so- It's helped a lot. thanks for the great advice. You rock.
last time I had a Drunk Dream it was after reading and posting my experience with Drunk Dreams. HMMMMM. At least I got something to look forward to tonight...Thanks
I had a reverse drinking dream the other night.  I was at a party where everyone was drinking and doing drugs and I was the only sober person.  Everyone treated me like I was some special person and wanted to be like me.  They listened to my discussion which was brilliant and interesting and various attractive individuals vied for a chance to sit next to me.  It was a very nice dream.  I'll take it any night over the more usual flavor.
Man last night I dreamed that I had a drinking dream! How very Inception a dream within a dream. 
