-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l0jys/trying_to_break_free_from_a_toxic_relationship/

I've been struggling a lot for quite some time now and I know things have to change. Not just momentarily but for good. Most of my struggles have been related to my ex boyfriend of about three years. I know that he's not good for me but I still continue to hang out with him. I guess that's because it feels like he's my only support system and I feel like I really need that. It's so painful when he's away but it's painful to be with him as well. In the past when I attempted to not talk to him I drowned my sorrows with alcohol which I can no longer do. For some reason it's very difficult to not talk to him when I'm sober. I keep romanticizing the past and hope that things will be different -- but they never are...I need help. I haven't been drinking but I'm concerned about my current state of wellbeing right now. I'm failing one of my classes at University and it's really taken a blow to my self esteem (which I already have very little of to begin with)...I decided to turn to this wonderful community of people to see what I can do about overcoming a break up without the use of substances and with confidence that I won't go back to my toxic relationship. ..I feel as though I'm replacing one addiction for another ie alcohol and him for weed and am not growing as a person like I should be. I've been smoking daily for quite some time and it's starting to affect my life in negative ways...Thank you for anyone who has taken the time to read this.
----------immediate responses--------

You deserve to be with someone who loves you and treats you well someone who stands by you through tough decisions and helps you be strong a person who supports you in every way becoming the woman you want to be.  You deserve for that person to be YOU! Think on it. :-)
You said it. You need support. It would be well to focus on establishing a healthy relationship with yourself and let go of this "toxic relationship". It's time to be alone with yourself and learn how to live a sober satisfying life. A therapist and AA taught me how to do it. When that happens you will attract someone who will love and respect you. Focus on sobriety and one day at a time your confidence and self esteem will improve. ..Smoking weed is impairing your life too. It is probably in part responsible for your struggle with school. Again you have a lot on your plate. I hope you find the support you need and deserve. 
Somebody shared [this article](http://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2010/03/15/you-deplete-me-10-steps-to-end-a-toxic-relationship/) with me a while ago and I thought it had some good advice for finding the will to end a bad relationship.
[deleted]
