-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l252d/on_the_fetishism_of_long_day_counts/

Hey everyone!  It was 6 months ago today that I had my last drink.  Rather than bore you with an update on my progress (everything is smooth sailing at the moment) I decided to bore you with an informal essay on something I've been pondering lately...In my area the local chapter of AA holds a "Medallion Night" every three months.  It is a district-wide celebration of "milestones in recovery."  In the month leading up to the most recent Medallion Night there was a lot of buzz in the meetings about it and it seemed like everyone was going to go and was quite excited about it...Then there was my sponsor..."Hey you're going to Medallion Night right?".."No.  I went to one when I first moved to the area and I hated it.  I feel like it's a way for people to pat themselves on the back over something unimportant."..I put a lot of weight on what my sponsor says (obviously that's the main reason I asked him to be my sponsor in the first place) but being the type of person I am I decided to check it out for myself.  When I told him I was going he snickered a bit and told me to have a good time...While the night wasn't terrible by any means and I will be going back when I'm eligible for a 1 year chip (or "medallion") I understand exactly why my sponsor does not choose to attend.  It's basically an hour and a half of handing out chips with each person receiving one talking however long they feel like.  Everything was very serious with a lot of sober advice and wisdom obviously aimed at newcomers.  I started to get impatient and antsy because the broken record was getting a bit old...Then there was a turn..."Is anyone celebrating 28 years of sobriety?"..A grey-haired man with one leg made his way up to the podium and made a truly gonzo speech about children and motorcycles which had me in stitches while the rest of the crowd seemed to be murmuring "What the fuck is he talking about?"..There were only 4 or 5 recipients after him but those were easily the best shares of the evening.  The man with 30 years said "One of my sponsees with 25 years recently died.  I'm sad so the only thing I'm going to say is something that would crack him up:  TORA!  TORA!  TOOOOOOORAAAAAAA!"..[Merriam-Webster](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/milestone) has 2 definitions of "milestone":..1. a stone by the side of a road that shows the distance in miles to a specified place..2.  an important point in the progress or development of something : a very important event or advance..The real problem with Medallion Night as I see it and a common problem in the recovery community at large is that too much emphasis is placed on the first definition with the second definition becoming an afterthought or footnote...Before I got a sponsor I fetishized long day counts.  I took the view that long sobriety would allow clarity to manifest in my life and cause my obsession with alcohol to disappear.  My faith in the power of long sobriety was broken by relapses in my local community:  2 people who relapsed after 5 years sober came back to the meetings.  These 2 stories were my own catalyst in reaching out to my sponsor.  Any faith in the fetish of time I still had was shattered completely a few weeks ago when someone shared that his friend recently went back out after a very long period of sobriety.  ..*Very* long.  29 years long...It isn't the number of consecutive days I string together that has the power to change my life for the better.  It is process by which I stay sober that has that power.  By keeping the cause and the effect clearly separated in my mind I can avoid the fetishism of time and focus on what is important:  the pursuit of a recovery program which has the power to change my life.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Thanks for reading...Thanks for writing...For me I use the milestones as a reminder that I'm on a particular road.  As long as I see them I know I've not ended back in the ditch.
Thanks for this. I know that the number beside the name loses some of its potency for me as it rises especially following those first crucial weeks. I'm probably a bit of a fetishist myself (um in terms of sobriety dates) so this is some interesting food for thought. Thanks!
Fuck the Zero
&gt;It is process by which I stay sober that has that power. (to change my life for the better)..yeah.  exactly and without SD and its badge I would have no idea how many days I have.  And then I noticed I am counting down to a significant number - and yeah  TODAY  is all I really have but still this year was 3^3 (which made it a bit special) and days are approaching 10^4 .. who would have thought that exponential was a part of recovery but of course it is . ..I started a little tradition in one of my meetings (when I was secretary and did not have needed coins)  Kinda nice if I do say so and you can carve the serenity prayer on the back if you get the desire to drink...       .[chips](http://i.imgur.com/4EjGH2O.jpg)      .[reverse](http://i.imgur.com/0puVLYd.jpg)
Thank you for this 
I really agree with you. I know a woman who has 15 years and her sponsor has 11. She chose her because she felt the quality of her clean time was much better than hers and quality &gt; quantity...My badge doesn't represent my actual sober time - it represents the time since I started this whole recovery process. I had 6 months then 5 months then 1. I just checked myself into an intensive outpatient program at the behest of my psychiatrist. I really really didn't want to do this - which meant I really should because I clearly do not know what I need to do. I feel that at any given moment I have that present moment's sobriety and not a whole lot else. The quality of my sobriety at this moment is fantastic - probably better than it was during most of those first 6 months - but that could change with one bad interaction at the gas station or bank overdraft fee. It's important for me to remember how tenuous and precious my life is...And congrats on 6 months!
I find myself noting both kinds of milestones. Time ticks along like mile markers. It's worth noting as they pass how far I've come and how far is left to go. The other milestones may not be marked by a sign or number but they're more personally noteworthy. Those are the ones I find myself celebrating silently or aloud. ..Thanks for the thoughts B^3
Well done my Pynchonian friend.  ..As some one who has celebrated a few milestones I would argue that the milestone is important because of others who note the distance traveled  besides the person marking the milestone.  
The purpose of medallion meetings is **NOT** for the person getting the medallion.  ..The purpose is for the alcoholic who is new or struggling. ..For a newcomer to see someone take 30 60 or 90 days gives them hope that they can stay sober that long...For someone with 6 months to see someone take 3 or 4 years shows them it is possible.
All I have is today and I can best face the day by thinking of ways to help others. I am happy with my life but I can't rest on my laurels.
Thank you for this really smart post. There's a split in my home group about this too. Some people love it some people avoid it...I tend to like the chips even if they're artificial in part because I like the tangibles. I don't think much about it on a day to day but I like the repeating cycle part of it as well. It's almost a "nothing new under the sun." My next chip will not be the first chip picked up in the group. But it is special in my life as a marker for how much I've changed...Time itself doesn't mean too much after a certain point. I know people with under a year who get it and inspire me; I know people with 17 years who are not models of recovery. Sobriety is an individually timed journey. And one that grows and changed so much each year. ..Thank you for this and I'm glad you had a good time!
Being sober for X days is like being alive for X years.  You have had X time to learn from your experiences. Whether you have actually done so is the determining factor of quality.
All any of us can do is make the right decision today. I see badges and coins as a reminder of making the right decision in the past which is something for each person to celebrate however they wish.
I really like this post. I completely agree with you. My sponsor likes to say that it isn't the quantity of sobriety but the quality. I know a guy with 15 years of sobriety who was talking about how envious he was of some of the guys with only 1 year because they really were able to change their lives in incredible ways in that 1 year. I mean it takes everyone different time to get to different points but I totally see what you're saying and I think that quality trumps quantity any day of the week. 
