-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l5pkr/i_dont_want_to_do_this_anymore/

I just have to let this all out. I don't want to do this anymore. It's not fun it's scary. I had over 18 months of sobriety. If I hadn't picked up a drink in July I would have had two years last Thursday. Since I picked up a drink my life hasn't gotten worse exactly but it certainly hasn't gotten any better. When I was sober there was improvement. Now that I'm drinking again I feel stagnant. I can't even really enjoy drinking because I know deep down that eventually it will take away things that I love so I live in fear. ..The part I am most struggling with is the fact that it isn't bad every time. Sometimes its completely fine. I have a couple drinks and call it a night no big deal. It's just that when it isnt fine and I do cross that line I make very very poor decision. Last night it was driving. That really really scares me. I've never done that before and I don't want to do it again. I could tell myself that I will just before more careful next time but I know its a lie. Drunk me feels like a different person than sober me. And once that seed is planted that driving is an option I know it won't go away. I will keep doing it not matter how much sober me begs and pleads. ..If I don't drink it eliminates the possibility of something bad happening when I get too drunk. Even if I can drink in moderation sometimes it's not worth the risk. Every time I pick up a drink I am taking a gamble and eventually my luck will run out. I just wanted to put this all here. so maybe I will remember when I'm not so hungover and drinks with friends is starting to sound fun and safe. It is for some people but not for me. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back /u/princess_peach413.
Welcome back Princess Peach its great to see you again! 
Welcome back.  Glad nothing bad happened but I think you're making a good decision.
It's easier to keep a tiger in a cage than on a leash...Welcome back hope you stick around with us!
So glad you made it back safely. Hope you find the support you didn't have last time. 
Welcome back!!!
For me drinking means no responsibility... This is why i like to drink and why i have stopped....
Welcome back. It took me 15 years to come back after 5 years of sobriety. Some times coming back can be just as hard if not harder than the first time. Are you planning on going to A.A.? SmartRecovery? Treatment? What's your plan?
It is not that a problem happens everytime it only takes once...Welcome back thank God it didn't take you couple of years. There are very few of us who woke up one fine day said "Life is fuckin great I think I will go spend a few nights a week in a church basement drinking lousy coofee for the rest of my life"..The vast majority have gone back at least once. 
Welcome back.  You got this.  
Welcome back and just a suggestion: don't get too caught up in how many days of continuous sobriety you have. I mean yes you went back out but don't think of those previous 18 months as "lost". Those 18 months gave your liver a rest and exposed you to handling life's challenges booze free.  Learn from this relapse and climb back on that wagon..
