-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lcdo2/im_not_looking_forward_to_this/

I've decided to stop drinking. This isn't the first time I've made this decision and frankly I'm concerned I'm going to relapse again. ..Alcoholism runs in my family although I didn't know this until recently. I'm posting on this sub because I've been going to therapy to help rein in my depression and anxiety. I mentioned this to my parents and I started to babble about how I was trying to improve myself (I was so nervous) when I said spur of the moment that I had stopped drinking. ..My mother immediately interrupted me with: "oh thank God."..I never saw how bad I had let myself become. I mean I knew but I never fully let myself see it. It's humiliating. It did however help me get over my fear of "coming out." Telling my incredibly Catholic family I was bisexual wasn't as terrifying as saying "I'm an alcoholic." So now it's out there and I'm not going to let it fester. It had been one reason I never went to AA (how could I ever admit to my family/friends what I've been going through). I hope they only see an improvement...I know the depression and anxiety will become worse when I stop. I also know that it'll become better when I stop (after time). I've been lurking on this subreddit for about a year under a different account. This new account is dedicated to improving myself (r/mindfulness r/fitness r/nutrition etc.) and trying to prod my lack-luster happy button (r/mademesmile r/aww r/woahdude etc.). Do any of you follow similar subs?..Also how have you overcome the boredom/compulsion? I've tried to pick up exercising again and I finally got a library card (I can't believe I let drinking take away reading; I could never focus and now I can actually finish a chapter let alone a whole book!) but there are moments where I can't seem to think of anything but drinking and how to justify that decision; nothing seems able to distract me intensely enough. I think it's also a byproduct of depression where it's hard for me to give a damn or feel enjoyment doing...well anything. Any tips?..Oh I also want to ask how to schedule a doctor's appointment to assess the damage I've done from 5 years of daily binge drinking (USA). Do I have to ask for something in particular or can I leave it vague with "alcohol concerns?" It's silly but I've been stressing out about how to make that phone call. Maybe the necessary ingredient is just an extra dose of courage but I'm having the hardest time being able to muster up the energy to do simple tasks like brush my teeth let alone getting verification that "I done fucked up."..I'll stop this now since this is already much longer than I intended. This sub has so many great people and is a wonderful support system. I already have an idea of how to go about things (I think) but it'll be really helpful to hear it directed at me. So...thank you for taking the time out of your day to read this and giving any advice/encouragement you have to offer. ..It was so hard for me to post this...I actually had an anxiety attack and had to rewrite everything but this time I decided to curl up in a ball on my bed rather than run to the liquor store (hahaha...eh)!..*deep breath* Here it goes...
----------immediate responses--------

Tell the doc EVERYTHING. I was petrified when I made the decision to stop and even more mortified when I went to my doctor. I had a few beers in the morning because the anxiety was so bad I wasn't in good shape at all but they put me on meds for the withdrawals and a sleep aid it's 2 months later and I haven't had a drop since September 4th. Keep yourself occupied and keep reading. I picked up a library card when I first got sober as well. I just borrowed my brothers mandolin to try something new and I want to throw it through a window. The fucking thing is tricky to play but it's better than swigging a bottle I guess. Outline a plan and try to stick with it. Good luck. If I can kick it anyone can.
Firstly I'm glad you powered through to make this post. That wasn't so bad now was it? :)..&gt;I know the depression and anxiety will become worse when I stop. I also know that it'll become better when I stop (after time)...Check! It's good that you're already clear on that...For going to see a doctor (like a general practitioner) just say it's been a while and you want to have the doctor "take a look under the hood." When it's just you and the doctor then tell him/her what's going on. A physical will probably be scheduled for the full once over. A good GP should give you referrals outside of area of expertise (e.g. depression psych meds etc)...I certainly didn't get it all right the first time I tried to get sober. This was because I had no experience trying to get sober. So I had to go through that awkward and uncomfortable phase of learning the ropes. My efforts increased with every try. I didn't think it made sense to use a sledge hammer on what I thought was a tiny nail. That's probably human nature...I ended up finding a solution for staying sober and being happy through a program of recovery. I learned about tools to get to the root of why I was drinking so much. I made friends with others that had gone through this or were just getting started themselves. I initially greatly underestimated just how important other sober alcoholics are to my sobriety. This also gave me a lot of things to do. Not motivated to exercise? Go with some sober friends. It sort of mushroomed from there in many positive and enjoyable ways. It wasn't all smooth sailing of course but I found my way....
My brain chemistry was amazingly better at about 10 months. I know that anxiety all too well. For me it was all being constantly either drinking or in some stage of withdrawals. Hang in there.
Welcome /u/dropastern to /r/stopdrinking -- I hope you will [consider the ideas at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck and I look forward to your posts and comments as you go along.
I am in the exact same boat in terms of trying to figure out how to do this. I come from a very small town as well and the idea of our local doctors (whom I know socially) know that I haven't gone a day without a considerable amount of alcohol in 6 years terrifies me...I opted to find a doctor about 30 minutes away in a larger town that had a specialty in substance abuse. We just talked for about thirty minutes and he gave me a referral for an assessment which (surprise) showed that I am an alcoholic. I now need to take the next step and get the tests done to see how badly I have hurt myself and that scares the hell out of me...I'm not sure if you have had issues with this but I have found that I procrastinate on following through and that is a huge hurdle to overcome. Your description of your anxiety sounds so familiar! 
I've been going to the same doctor for 15 years. When I finally lost it I went to see him (drunk) and told him everything. He didn't even react at all. It was weird. All this anxiety and to him it was no big deal...He didn't help me though...he gave me blood pressure medicine because detoxing raises BP. Instead I got inpatient treatment...At any rate don't worry about what to say to your dr. Just be honest. That's the only way they can truly help you.
I get crushingly bored as well most often in the evening and night. I used to cure that boredom by going to the bar but I don't want to do that anymore. AA meetings have been filling that time-slot pretty well for me (I've only been to two so far). I find them interesting and leave without the urge to drink. You could try one maybe? At the very least it gets you out of the house which for me is sometimes enough to assuage my boredom. 
