-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lj33j/checking_in_at_2_months/

So tomorrow is my two-month anniversary of quitting and here are some things I've noticed.....1.  My obsession over alcohol is CERTAINLY not gone but it has diminished.  On my one-month anniversary I had the strongest cravings I've had yet and still didn't give in.  After that I noticed my relapse dreams (in which I start drinking and am able to moderate and am happy and nobody judges me and I wake up crying because my addict brain is playing tricks on me) started to go away.  Thankfully...2.  Still a lot of sweets and something new...COFFEE!  Holy shit am I drinking a lot of coffee and this is from a gut who used to drink one cup a year maybe...3.  Not really feeling the AA thing.  I'll be honest though...I barely ever go any more.  I really view it more as a group therapy session in which I listen to other peoples' stories and share my own rather than some life style.  That's fine for me and all I just can't see myself becoming one of those people for whom AA is a priority in their life.  Maybe this is because I would like one day to not necessarily define myself as "recovering alcoholic" but rather "guy who doesn't drink alcohol."  I don't know...4.  I promised myself I WILL start writing and I WILL start becoming more active in this sub.  You guys have helped me a lot but I haven't helped much back and for that I'm sorry.  I have to use this unfortunate circumstance of alcoholism I've found myself in and make something positive out of it.  And now that the days seem like they last FOREVER (in a good way time passing slowly is probably my favorite byproduct of sobriety) then I have to find things to pass my time so I have to get my ass up and working!..Anyway thanks for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Good for you /u/InsertEdgyNameHere.  AA isn't a mandatory part of recovery so as far as I'm concerned you are good to find your own path.  
[deleted]
