-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ljdqh/im_really_struggling_lately/

The desire to drink the last few days has been very powerful so powerful I'm coming out of lurker mode and making a post to ask for some advice. I've been to a few meetings the last couple of days and they have not helped. I'm doing ok in the mornings it is the evenings that I am really having a hard time with. Exercise doing things to keep busy and talking about it don't seem to be working the urge has just been so powerful. I feel so close to caving in to the urge it is just insanity. ..To top things off my psychiatrist has been changing up my medications and the withdrawal and changes that are going on feel like light alcohol withdrawal for whatever reason and I suppose that is making the urge that little bit stronger. I have extreme depression and I have been undergoing ECT treatment to help with it which has been helping a bit but I suppose my depression is another factor as to why I think of alcohol as a solution (which it is not.) I just feel like throwing my hands up in the air and going "Im done!" and drink but I know that is not a good plan. PHEW. I guess I just needed to get my thoughts down and rant a bit thanks for listening to my rambling. I am not going to drink TODAY and that is the best I can do right now I think. If anyone has any suggestions that helped them during tough times it would be appreciated. Thanks again. 
----------immediate responses--------

A yes a case of the fuck its!..Well you know what?..FUCK YOU ALCOHOL. Fuck you and your stupid hold on me. You are NOT getting what you want today. SO kindly go fuck yourself in a corner...*Also 3 months is a hard time for most folks. Hang in there. Don't drink. Yelling at my alcoholism made me laugh and feel powerful when I had ni power to change cravings*
when going to meetings are you participating or attending? There is a difference. I was really lost the first 3-4 months until I asked someone at the meetings for help. Don't be afraid to ask give the program a shot. What you are going through is fairly common. Ask someone who has been there how to handle it.
This was a powerful post /u/Misc1234 and courageous to out yourself over this struggle and seek help.  
I'm sorry you are struggling with depression. You are brave and wise to share with us. I hope your brain finds equilibrium soon.             .Kudos for almost a century of days!
I had a rough patch around the 100-day mark too but things got considerably easier for me once I got through it. Hang in there...The kind folks in IRC are always around if you want to come back and chat with us anytime. We miss you! 
I've had some tough times since getting sober and depression has been one of the main issues. The only thing that has helped me is sitting with my feelings and just trying to live as much as possible in the present moment. ..I was five years sober and my life almost fell apart due to financial problems. I tried to put on a brave face but I fell deeper and deeper into depression. It got to the stage where I couldn't get out of bed and I could barely look at my wife and son because I felt so guilty. I never came close to drinking but I did feel suicidal. .. One afternoon I just started focusing on the sensations in my body (it was like a lump of coal in my stomach) rather than the racing thoughts in my head. Everything started to loosen up and my depression ended. I used to get depressed every few months but not anymore. ..The fact that you are need ECT suggests that your depression is far worse than mine and I can't guarantee that what worked for me will work for you. I just thought I'd share this with you anyway. 
Urges are short-term emotions. The peak of the urge lasts for a few minutes. You just need to survive for a few minutes and can [surf out the rest](http://www.mindfulness.org.au/urge-surfing-relapse-prevention/#UrgeSurfingSummary). Imagining my urges as clouds I was watching in the sky was very helpful...You're doing lots of things right-exercise meetings ranting here. The 90s can be a tought time. I certainly struggled. Be strong ask for help and you ll get through this.
