-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ll00d/my_fiance_and_i_split_due_to_my_drinking_today_is/

Halloween is my favorite holiday. There is something I have always loved about being a different person for one night. Halloween is also one of the beloved excuses for drinkers to imbibe in excess. ..My fiance who had been struggling to maintain the relationship opened dialog about what would need to happen to make it work. He was committed to helping me as long as I would help myself. I promised the week before the annual Halloween bash all my friends attend that I would spend the weekend with him. I wouldn't be going to my favorite holiday with my favorite people and drink my favorite beverages. We would work on us and spend the whole weekend together uninterrupted...Halloween night we are watching horror flicks and my fiance falls asleep. I take the opportunity to stitch together a quick costume and run out the door with the beer I hid the closet. I drank three beers and a few shots of fireball while talking to my friends about my failing relationship. I was seriously asking for advice as if it wasn't burning my throat and stomach as I asked them what I should do. ..I went home shortly after receiving disappointed texts from the love of my life. Got home brushed teeth and hopped into bed. We broke up 30 minutes later I brought up the subject and there was no hint of a fight left. It was over. The next morning before I shook off the grogginess of a night out everything was already gone. I was alone and hungover. ....Today I am 4 days sober and going to my first meeting tonight. It took losing my best friend my soul mate the love of my life to realize I have a problem. I can no longer pretend there is no more fooling myself or making excuses. ..I may never get my ex back and I know I may have to live with that for the rest of my life. I have my engagement ring on top of the last beer I found in my fridge and keep it where I see it constantly. The reminder of what I lost will be my greatest asset against the fight ahead. I have to take responsibility for my actions and most of all.....I NEED TO DO THIS FOR MYSELF!..I want this I need this. I will stay strong I will beat this. ...Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Sounds like you're ready to do this!  :)
&gt;I NEED TO DO THIS FOR MYSELF!..YES!..All the best
All right /u/Biting_Knives -- so did I share the [Baby Steps post with you yet?](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) There are some ideas there that others shared with me when I started stopping.  
Welcome! You got this. We're here to listen and help as much as we can. :)
Welcome!..Most of us drank because we falsely believed it was doing something positive for our lives.  It wasn't and it was also destroying our lives in the process.  ..The key to staying sober IMO is to discover what benefits we thought we were getting from drinking understand that we weren't actually getting them and then go get them in some other (real) way instead.  ..By doing this we can be happy.   I'm not saying it's easy but it beats the hell out of living in shame and misery.   Beats prison too.  Please stick around!
&gt;I NEED TO DO THIS FOR MYSELF!..In my experience this is one of the single most important things for you to understand right now.  Good for you...Sorry for your relationship but should you put yourself first right now and obtain some solid sobriety I guarantee you will find yourself in a much better place down the road.  Good luck!
I too had a relationship end due to alcohol abuse--even though I SWORE that I didn't want it to end that way and tried/failed to change. Wasn't ready. Sounds like you are. Take it one day at a time and be gentle and nurturing to yourself. Be on guard if he refuses to be your friend for awhile don't go back to your old habits and coping mechanisms. At around day 30 post-split for me I suddenly had a "f*ck this" attitude. Remind yourself every day that you're doing this FOR YOU. I'm only on Day 2 but wanted to share. I'm not drinking today WITH YOU
Welcome! I know how difficult your life is right now with all the emotions we start to feel as we sober up. I hope you can find a group that works for you. I'm not promoting AA or smart recovery but I will say that talking with other alcoholics on this sub and going to groups helped me. Hang on and hold tight and take it one day at a time. Talking to others who feel your pain will help. 
wow ... something very similar just happened to me a few months ago.  Engaged to a great girl who had enough of my bull shit hah.  Feel free to pm  we could help each other out!
&gt;I want this I need this. I will stay strong I will beat this...Good luck...I remember the day when I totally gave up the fight when I admitted I was totally beat that I didn't have what it took to stay strong and fight...Good thing I didn't have to all I had to do was ask for help and do the next right thing.
Good luck. I am teetering near total disaster myself and can't seem to stop making excuses to drink. My gf of nine years is fed up and I've been missing work. :(
I can totally relate.  You're not alone.   Sending  good vibes your way :)
Congratulations. That's what got me sober too. If your situation is anything like mine these next couple of months are really going to fucking hurt. I don't want to sound cliche but it does get better and it does get easier. ..Go to meetings. Get a sponsor(don't wait find a story that sounds sort of close to yours and ask them. You can change sponsors later.) work your steps. Go to the gym(this is great on your angry or sad days especially but go on happy days too.)..Whatever you do don't fucking drink. ..
Sorry to hear your story but very glad you're making a decision and have a plan. .I found AA to be even more about the people than the program. And it really works. .
You should be giving up control. Your control got you to this point. We are awful at controlling the show.
