-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ll81z/today_marks_my_first_week_sober/

Today is the first week that I have been sober since I was 18. I am 29 now. This week has been so emotional and relieving at the same time. Attending meetings and reaching out to my support system has really helped. To those of you just beginning your journey stay strong. It gets better and while there are struggles the reward of accomplishing another day makes it all worth it. I just wanted to share and wish everyone another wonderful day of sobriety. Thank you to all of you who have shared your kind words and advice during one of the toughest weeks I have ever had. All we have is today and today is all that matters. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! You sound well grounded and appreciative of your sobriety. I'm 26 and I've heard from so many people they wish they had done this in their 20's. The best time to stop is always now! Hope to keep seeing you around. :)
Good for you /u/ApatheticPamp!  Have a great day.
That's awesome. 7 days is huge! Starting is so hard. 
Congrats! The first week can be very tough. Keep up the great work!
I'm 35 and I wish I would have stopped at 29. Kudos to you for taking control of your life early on. Who wants to be 60 years old saying "I really need to quit this shit." Rock on bro!!!
Incredible work ApatheticPamp! Join us on IRC if you want additional support and to celebrate your sobriety.
Congrats man! What are your plans moving forward?..I'm a big proponent of people having something in their lives worth staying sober for. A hobby exercise family or a goal. Once I found mine things got a lot easier. I've asked a few people and some have said theyre too busy with work and/or school and thats cool too wrap yourself up in that if you need to.
[deleted]
Congrats! I'm really looking forward to reaching 1 week! Sounds like you're doing GREAT!!! 
One day at a time bro. Keep it up. I sobered up at 30. Now almost 9 yrs sober.
