-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lsr0c/first_nine_days_ive_some_questions/

Hi all long time lurker here. ..I've drank since I've been 15 and while I never considered myself an alcoholic I have always realised that I do have an alcohol problem (in my younger years I was even sort of proud of it). ..I've had mental healt problems (anxiety depression even a fling with psychosis at one point) and have lost countless opportunities due to my constant hangovers my skiping classes or later work...I'm thinking 20 years on the bottle has been enough. In the past few years I noticed that the hangovers are much longer my binges have started spiralling into days pushing a week in some cases. I've started hurting myself pretty badly (concussions some bad lacerations) during my blackouts. And the fallout has been getting worse. I've never used to have weeks of debilitating depression fear and anxiety after binges. ..Anyway nine days have passed. Funny thing I don't have any desire to drink but I now face terrible cravings for... Junk food and sweets tons and tons of junk food and sweets topped off with ice cream. ..Does this get better? Is this just my body's way of compensating for the lack of the regular alcohol input? How long can this last anyway..? Will I have to struggle with this new bunch of cravings on top of beating an alcohol addiction?
----------immediate responses--------

It gets better. The first 30 days I just let myself have the sugar.  The second 30 I started watching it and saying no a bit more.  Now my next 30 will be focused on really cracking down on my diet.  ..I'm glad other than that you're doing well.  You sound a lot like a lot of us.  I hope you are working a plan and will stick around with us! :)
Perfectly normal.  Your body and central nervous system are in the healing process.  Your diet and energy may wax and wane.  Be nice to yourself these next few weeks.  Feel perfectly free to eat what you want and baby yourself all you want.  You can address fitness down the road a bit.  Just easy does it and keep sobriety your priority.
Congrats on 9 days! I'm on 4 and have been SO HUNGRY and definitely craving sweets and coffee too. I hope it gets better soon!
Congratulations on 9 days!..I ate heaps of sugar the first few weeks - treating myself like that was great. I worried a little that I was forming a bad habit but I just naturally stopped craving sugar so much after a few weeks...I like the sound of /u/ketojam's 30/30/30 approach :)
My sugar cravings have gone through the roof since I stopped.
Yes it does get better.  I had the sugar cravings bad at first.  GOing through multiple packs of jelly snakes and chicos every day...Now they are back to normal levels of only from time to time...Congrats on 9 days.
