-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ltjo2/day_two_meeting_two/

Had a pretty good day. Got up early and went to an aa breakfast that was followed up with a speaker. Met some really nice ladies who paid for my breakfast because I as new. They got me a book with all the daily meetings and put all their contact info on the back of the pamphlet. I am going to attend their weekly meeting on Wednesday. I am confident that I will find a sponsor there. The speaker was an older gentlemen who's story I felt connected to. He spoke about constantly being negative and critical of others. Placing all of his faults on everyone else and never being accountable for his actions. .That is me. I thanked him after he finished and am excited that he is a part of the Wednesday group I am going to attend. ..I told my SO about my decision to attend meetings. He has been out of town with family. He said he was really proud of me. His older brother recently celebrated 10 years sober so I know I have support from his family. I am not ready to tell my family however. Our relationships are strained and most of them struggle with addiction as well. We have all been kind of fucked since my dad passed away when I was twelve and he was forty two. That is a snake pit I will deal with down the road when I have a bit more sobriety under my belt. ..Anyways I am rambling. I just wanted to thank you guys for being supportive and listening without judging. 
----------immediate responses--------

I love AA meals. We have a city wide cookout every quarter and "Alco-thons" on holidays with meetings every hour on the hour for the whole day. Lots of food. They even have dances occasionally. It sounds like you are doing all the right things and you have some good momentum and positive people surrounding you :)..Keep us posted on how you're doing!
It really sounds like your head is on pretty straight at this point. Keep it up you're doing great!  Really.  ..One day at a time.
Going to meetings and making solid connections with other sober people is how I'm still here.  You are off to a good start.
