-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lws1g/guilt_shame_and_number_of_days_in_recovery/

Hi all - I need some advice. ..On this sub as in AA length of uninterrupted sobriety is an important measuring stick. I get it and can understand why its important to most alcoholics...Back at the end of Oct. I went on a trip to Europe and ended up drinking a bit. Too many triggers no meetings not being around my support network etc. I came back didn't tell my sponsor (but did tell my therapist who specializes in addiction and has been invaluable) and went right back into the program without any problems. I know I'm an alcoholic I think I really planned on drinking before my trip I haven't since and I'm OK with that. To be honest I didn't enjoy it at all not one bit which surprised me. ..Since I smoke a little pot now and then (I have occasionally since college I've never had a problem with it and don't really see the point in giving it up for AA) I don't get coins in AA and never really understood the attraction to be honest. I've gone a little over 7 months with one relapse and that feels like success to me...However in the interests of being honest because that part I am on board with and I thought it was the right thing to do I told my sponsor recently about my lapse. My sponsor wants me to stand up in my home group reset my sobriety date and start the steps over...I really don't want or need the extra guilt and shame. I create enough of that for myself. I understand I'm not working the AA program perfectly but its working for me and I don't claim coins because I don't feel the need or think its honest because I'm not doing everything "by the book". ..This is the 2nd time I've tried AA. I quit the first time precisely over something like this. I was taking coins the first time around made it to almost 6 months relapsed and said "screw it" rather than what felt like starting over even when in my mind its not at all. Not even close. I'm so much happier and healthier than I was 7 months ago and have so much more going on in my life I feel great and this feels like a step back. ..I've tried SMART and AA both and I identify much more with the tenants ideology and methods of SMART. However I love AA for the fellowship and ease of finding meetings whenever I need them as well as MOST parts of the program. AA has such a head start on SMART that I'm not sure that SMART will ever catch up even though I'm sure it would be more effective for a segment of addicts out there...Just trying to figure out what the right thing to do is as well as what my path forward is...Thoughts? Advice?..EDIT: I sent in my request to reset my badge here as I haven't logged in for quite a while
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I've tried SMART and AA both and I identify much more with the tenants ideology and methods of SMART. However I love AA for the fellowship and ease of finding meetings whenever I need them as well as MOST parts of the program. AA has such a head start on SMART that I'm not sure that SMART will ever catch up even though I'm sure it would be more effective for a segment of addicts out there...Man I hear that. I so wish SMART would get its shit together. My meeting has such potential but ends up being people whining about issues not related to sobriety. They don't even try to tie it into affecting their urges to  drink or use. :(..I'm new to AA and not familiar with the culture so won't offer any advice but I relate to not wanting to put extra guilt on myself. Many of us are great at beating ourselves up all the time so we don't need extra help! Others need pushes periodically. In any case I hope you find a way to make it work with all the pieces you have right now. :)
It sounds like you want to work the program your way.  That is cool but you can't be resentful when other people want you to work it in a more traditional way.  Maybe you should just proceed without a sponsor or maybe you should set your ground rules with your sponsor before you ask someone to act in that role.  ..If you are going to do things differently from the traditional program it seems  a little unfair to put your sponsor through that unless you make him aware of it from the beginning.  ..With that being said I am a believer that your program is what you want it to be.  I had a sponsor for a year and got tired of it.  I stopped seeing him but I continued going to meetings regularly and doing everything else.  I personally never felt bad if someone asked who my sponsor was.  Anyway just one man's thoughts.  Good luck.
I gotta live with me. If I'm happy and guiltless smoking pot then fine. But I I've learned to ask myself "Why do I need to change the way I feel chemically? What's wrong with reality?"    ..At any rate as far as AA you could rig up a shot of heroin in the parking lot and honestly walk in and get a 20 year chip if you haven't drank in 20 years. No one could deny the chip. Some people are real big on AA's 'Singleness of Purpose' (Alcohol and Alcohol only). So be it. Let them have it. It works both ways. ..Like I say "I gotta live with me."
I use SMART's recovery tools online and have benefited immensely from AA...I also am a bit of a stickler for sobriety dates and sobriety. If I had relapsed in Europe I would for sure restart my badge restart going through the chip system and get honest about my relapse. But that's just me...My ex used to believe the same thing you did. He would be sober for 3 months relapse and get pissed off when he had to 'restart.' So he stopped trying. Then he got a year and he realized that full-no-alcohol-no-drug sobriety was the only way he was going to be happy and became a "believer" in being honest and open about using patterns.
I'm in similar situation including trip over seas and reset. My plan is to do what works be open to new ideas and don't do what didn't work. For me that means no sponsor...You should do what works.
Recently I've found some agnostic AA meetings that I absolutely enjoy.  I also like the people involved.  This has been a breath of fresh air for my program.
I believe in looking at a relapse as not so much falling off the wagon as in getting off with a choice to then throw myself on the ground or jump back on the wagon...I am not trying to encourage hopping off and on but I remember in my counseling  program we discussed how addicts look at sobriety as this black and white success story when in reality it's a journey and anything that makes me feel like a failure I want to avoid. There's no perfect one-sized-fits all model that's why there are so many options and so many stories. Those really help me listening to the different styles and approaches it let's me feel like more than just a disease striken person it makes me feel human. ..I also subscribe to the belief that if I have tried things my way more than once without the results I sought I try someone elses hell what harm can it do!
My badge and my chip collecting in AA is based on the days of complete consecutive sobriety from all mind altering substances especially alcohol. This includes pot illegal drugs and abusing prescription drugs.  That is my take and how I handle my own sobriety.  ..If your sponsor is leading you through the steps by the book and that is what you agreed upon when you asked him/her to be your sponsor I wouldn't be too angry at them for pushing you to do things by the book.  My sponsor has been incredible during times of difficulty but she has no problem kicking me in the butt if I'm slipping.  Much rather she kick me in the butt than I slide back down into the rabbit hole and wake up in jail or worse.  Again...my story and I'm sticking to it.  I want that damn 6 month chip on Saturday.  I've earned it.
SMART doesn't have to catch up with AA it just needs to work for *you*. .As you know SMART doesn't use the label "alcoholic" or the concept of "relapse."  If you have a drink you don't need to "start over."  You just course correct revisit your ABCs and CBA and move forward...I love AA for the coins.  I get one every month.
Cannabis is my true drug of choice; alcohol is about fourth on the list so take this for what it's worth. Alcohol became my de-facto drug of choice because it was socially acceptable/easier to obtain...For me any drug that gives me an artificial euphoria has the potential to kill me. All my addiction(s) predictably lead me to suicide and since I really really don't want to die I avoid them all. The only thing I remember from my first AA meeting after I sobbed that I knew I was an addict but wasn't sure if I was an alcoholic was when a lady shared "my drug of choice was whaddayou got?" That sentence saved my life...My home group has a everyone give their name and sobriety date if you choose at the beginning of each meeting which sometimes seems like a mild waste of time. I always identify myself as an addict/alcoholic because I need to remember that I am both. Some days I will say that my most recent binge was 12/12/2000. Other days I will say that I'm here because I don't want to drink today. Depends on my mood.
I would like to continue to drink and somehow have everything change for me but unfortunately as an alcoholic I have to quit drinking.
[deleted]
&gt;I understand I'm not working the AA program ...You could have simply stopped your statement there...Tradition 3 is there for people who aren't interested in actually working the program of recovery. You belong as long as you want to belong. Don't need a sponsor that's fine tell your sponsor that you fire them especially if you don't want to listen to them...Whatever seems to be your thing go for it. Just well you don't really want to call that AA's program of recovery because that's something totally different...Be honest. You want to smoke weed. You're not *'hung up'* on long term sobriety maybe you even look at it as a fetish that's fine. Maybe you aren't really even an alcoholic maybe you're just confused I mean I have no idea for sure do you?..But if you're really alcoholic then I don't believe there is any middle of the road solution take it or leave it...If you've really had a step 1 experience then you've smelled and even tasted death and you don't want that and are willing to go to any lengths to not have to go back to that ever again...If you haven't had a step one experience then fine You Don't Have To. You can just live that's fine nothing wrong with that...Why the hell would you want suffer like that anyway I certainly didn't want to go through what I went through.
