-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2m1jcf/7th_weekhad_to_buy_a_750ml_today/

Today is my 7th week Alcohol Free!!!.  .  I haven't posted before but i'm a frequent lurker.  I wanted to thank all of you who have shared your struggles/successes & ups/downs. This sub has been a lot of help to me by reminding myself where I could be and where I want to be! .       .   I don't know why I quit drinking other than I was tired of feeling shitty.  Not to mention every other symptom we've experienced in a result of excessive drinking. . .   I didn't plan on making it this far without a drink. I don't currently attend AA or know anyone in the program (besides y'all).  4 years ago I went to AA & rehab under recommendation from the state.  I learned a lot and kept a lot of that info/sayings with me over the years.  .     .  I work in a liquor store so i'm occasionally tempted to drink just because of my working environment. I know most will suggest I change jobs but for the foreseeable few months ill be here.  Well today I knocked a 750ml of Seagrams Whiskey off the shelf and busted the cap spilling a few ml...  Well the store policy is generally "you break it you buy it (@cost!)".  So today I came home with a bottle of bourbon I put it away in my cabinet and do not plan on drinking it today. (I live my life 24 hours at a time and my answer will be the same tomorrow)..      . Seeing customers come in for the same thing day after day is a great reminder of where I could be.  Seeing the amount of money people spend on booze weekly reminds me how much im saving.  Hearing people with a 6 pack of IPA headed home to watch a ball game is tempting/difficult at times.  .      .  I've haven't told anyone I haven't had a drink in 7 weeks.  I want to tell my friends and family but i'm afraid if I relapse they will kind of have a wtf thought running through their heads.  .       Sorry for rambling just kind of in a weird place with the holidays coming up.
----------immediate responses--------

I know an old timer in AA who would hear this story and tell you that you are already in the midst of planning your relapse...Good luck with things.
Good luck!
Hmmm it isn't unusual to hear of you buying the whiskey. But why would you take it home and put it in your cabinet? Just buy it and toss it. Seems as if you plan on drinking in the future but hopefully I'm wrong. Be well!
Congrats on 7 weeks. It sounds a very difficult environment in which to not drink. I have two questions:...First..&gt;where I want to be!..Where is that--what are your goals?..Second why did you bring the broken bottle home?
In my experience if i brought a bottle home i know that my mind would be fixated on consuming that bottle. 
[deleted]
Best of luck with this...Not for nuthin' as I'm not sure what gets the state to recommend you go to rehab but it's usually not a nice social level of whiskey sniftering. This whole post sounds a little dismissive of a situation that doesn't exactly seem as casual as it's being presented.
IMO you did the right thing here by posting about what happened today. When life presents you situations like this it's important to have someone to reach out to (your sponsor a friend this sub) to gain perspective and see what people with more experience think. .  .Judging by the responses here many old timers believe you might be on a shaky path and I can't disagree with them entirely. HOWEVER I've had similar things happen to me in my early recovery and talking to my sponsor helped save my ass and get me to the right place. I'd like to think by making this post you've strengthened your commitment to not drinking and decided to gift that bottle soon instead of holding onto it "just because.". .Keep up your commitment to not drinking today and do it again tomorrow. Next time that you break it consider just pouring it out or gifting it to a shaking regular who is hard on his or her luck. The less temptation you have around you the better. Since you work in a liquor store this is kind of a moot point but it's probably nice to be away from the walls of booze when you get home so why not keep it that way?.  .Best of luck to you. Keep being honest with yourself and consider checking out NA or AA if you'd like a support group in person.
&gt; I've haven't told anyone I haven't had a drink in 7 weeks. I want to tell my friends and family but i'm afraid if I relapse they will kind of have a wtf thought running through their heads...Could be a good way to establish a little bit of additional safety margin for yourself versus giving yourself more rope to hang yourself with (e.g. by not telling them if you relapse it's not perceived to be as transgressive). 
