-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2m8kkz/i_want_to_tell_you_about_my_last_relapse/

I had quit smoking 7 months before quitting drinking both for the sake of running faster and longer. My goal was a half-marathon and after two of those I completed two full marathons. All four races were run while I was sober and within a 6 month period. Before this bout of athleticism I had drank for a few years and had smoked for longer. I had done something I didn't think was possible and I was very proud of myself....I had not counted the days sober nor had I formally admitted that I was an alcoholic when I stopped. I did it to boost my athletic performance and although I had seen the positive outcome of my decision I did not recognize abstaining from alcohol as the single biggest factor of my success.  ...While visiting an old friend late one night I was offered a beer of the variety we used to enjoy together. At this point I had no physical reaction to the offering. I was too far removed from intoxication to remember what the experience would offer. I hesitated but not out of principle. I paused and thought of all the reasons to not drink. Honestly I could not think of a single one. I had already accomplished a goal that none of my friends even wanted to try and accomplish. What did I have to stay sober for anymore? Nothing. I drank that beer. ...A runner's high is amazing. I always experience it after I complete a run and occasionally during a run. You have to work hard for that high. It is a chemical rush and an emotional rush from accomplishing a goal no matter how short the distance. I regarded the high that I experienced after my second marathon to be the best feeling I've ever had in my life but that wasn't entirely true. The conclusion of my second marathon was 3 weeks prior to this encounter with the old friend. Alcohol intoxication was a distant memory....2 minutes after beginning to drink the beer (trying my hardest not to romanticize this experience) I received a high greater than the high I had felt during or after ANY running event. This was after drinking only half a beer! I knew that what I had done was not good. I had finally thought of a reason not to drink that beer and it was too late. ...My brain had a brief discussion with itself during this buzz which went something like this:..."Well this feels better than accomplishment."..."Yep."...The point I want to make with this story is I now have reasons not to drink that I can recite involuntarily. I have made it a point to remember what it is like to be drunk and how negatively that feeling can impact my motivation and sanity. ..Do not wait until you are faced with a decision to decide. Take some time and think about what you will do when offered a drink and WHY you are choosing to refuse it. Imagine it in your head. When it happens in real life the rejection will be automatic. ..Good luck everyone. ..EDIT: This happened 6 years ago and my relapse lasted for 5 years. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. Very thought provoking. 
At least you are back now welcome
Very nice post and thank you for sharing.  Glad you are back!!  I had a relapse recently...thank God it only lasted a couple weeks but hearing stories of others who have had relapses and who are once again on the right path are very encouring!......  Thank you :).
Thanks for sharing this experience. I'm glad you made it back since some as you know do not. ..Thinking it forward is a helpful and life-saving technique.
Thanks for sharing this experience. I'm glad you made it back since some as you know do not. ..Thinking it forward is a helpful and life-saving technique.
Thank you for this.  The "why" is very important for me to keep in mind.
Thank you for the advice just starting out here and hoping not to go back. I am going to take some time and imagine being offered that beer because I know it will happen countless times. 
It's amazing how a relapse can destroy years of work.  Years of pain.  I've relapsed a number of times and the cigarette relapses in retrospect were the worst offenders.  But an alcoholic relapse is extremely destructive as well because the often last a long time...That said I have no interest in drinking again and I was offered alcohol a lot.
&gt; My brain had a brief discussion with itself during this buzz which went something like this:."Well this feels better than accomplishment."."Yep."..This is the worst.  I know that feel man.  I'm someone who's worked out and ran 5ks forever and I know what it's like to enjoy the high of personal accomplishment.  Then have a few shots of whiskey and have the same conversation:.."Remember when we did a 5k in 19 minutes?  That was awesome.".."Yeah it was.  It really was.  Good times.  This...well if I'm honest this feels even better.  Guess I'll do more of this instead."..Of course the following morning is a different story.  And the rest of your life...Stay strong.
Welcome back. 
Thanks for this. Keep on moving.
Powerful. It shows how insidious this shit can be.
Thank you for sharing. I have felt a persistent urge to drink lately. I have had thoughts imagining what it would feel like how much it would relax me. But that's just it. That "high" you describe is exactly what makes it so dangerous to an alcoholic...I have also experienced the runner's high and it is indeed as you described it. It doesn't take me a marathon to get there though.
[deleted]
Thanks for this share. I'm curious--are you still running? Running was a critical part of my stopping drinking this time.
