-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mbv2h/badge_reset_thoughts/

My SO went away for a week and I went back to old habits. I think I tried to convince myself that I could try some moderation. No dice. Feeling pretty miserable but hopeful. If there's one thing about relapsing a million times it's that I've learned how to quit *really* well...It's the staying quit that's tough. I guess I need to work on why I'm drinking in the first place? I don't know if it's depression anxiety ocd etc etc. Maybe therapy? ..I feel terrible throwing away these months. I hate not being able to trust myself. Thanks for being here guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I was in continual relapse for about 2 years. I had to attack it from all angles. A great support team I talk to regularly AA + sponsor medication church a shrink and eventually checked myself into a treatment center. It finally stuck and I'm on the longest stretch of sobriety I've ever had. You're right on finding the underlying cause. A lot of people can stay sober for some time but if they never deal with what gets them there in the first place then relapse is usually around the corner. Best of luck to you be patient and persistent! 
You didn't waste your sober time as long as you learned from your relapse.  Let me ask did you drink because you were lonely or because you knew you could get away with no one knowing?  For me this was why it helped to have a good in person support network to help hold me accountable.  I was a sneaky alone drinker.  Therapy is a good idea it might also be helpful to write in a journal to recognize patterns of what is going on when you want to have a drink. 
Welcome back. I can't imagine trying to stay sober without help. I wasn't smart enough or strong enough and needed  support. Therapy and AA provided guidance and encouragement. Sober living tools and the example of others gave me the ability to cope with life and be happy as a sober person and I've stayed sober quite a few days. ..What are your going to do differently this time?..&gt; If you do what you've always done                  . &gt;  You'll get what you've always got.
Months aren't thrown away... each one is vital. That's my problem with this time stamp. Your time sober was important and it's not fine just in the past.
I'm personally finding this time quitting a lot different because I've been working in therapy on the roots of my anxiety and depression which have been feeding my drinking problems. I can't recommend therapy enough! You have to be ready to really work in yourself but I feel like I'm starting to emerge from a fog. Good luck this time. I echo the others with my own mantra: There are no wasted experiences you learn something with everything you do even though you may not realise it at the time. On phone walking to work so sorry if any predictive text muck ups!
