-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2md72l/in_my_first_30_daysapplause/

Hi SD! So after a particularly sobering relapse I have decided to incorporate AA into my recovery for the first time ever. I am 17 days in and about 14 meetings deep. I have been to a large range of meetings as I try to find the groups I like best and which most fit into my schedule-- I even got a sponsor and am working on Step 1. I feel pretty great about it aside from the expected initial awkwardness of new meetings new people new structures etc.....Here's the thing... Do I really have to announce that I'm in my first 30 days every time? I mean I know I don't have to do jack shit that I don't want to but for example the meeting I went to tonight was super badass and I anticipate going back regularly. A lot of the people there attend every single night and it just seems odd to remind everyone I'm in my first 30 days every single time I see these people. It's a lot of attention and applause. Every. Time. On the flip side if I don't say anything they already know I'm a newcomer and since newcomers say which day they're on they also know my 30 days ain't there yet. ..Am I over thinking this? Any insight or experiences y'all can share will really help me chill out. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Two days in and two meetings into AA. My experience is similar to yours -- I've tried to quit but this is the first time with AA. This is the time that I WILL quit...During my first meeting it was heartening to hear people announce that they weren't yet 30 days in. It made me feel less alone in this initial stretch of sobriety...I don't think it's anything to be embarrassed about. Everyone in AA was in their first thirty days once. Or perhaps more than once. But you announcing it every time might help put at ease a newcomer who has just decided to show up for the first time and is themself feeling alone.
For me those first 30 days were so friggin' hard. I wasn't doing AA so here's my personal request to you. :)..Keep going to the meetings; bad-ass meetings sound like a great resource! And keep announcing that you're in your first 30 days and when they applaud be super proud of yourself (you should be!) and maybe absorb some of those applause and mentally throw it out to other folks who are struggling (here in /sd and everywhere) who *aren't* getting that applause from strangers each day...Does that sound weird? Maybe it is. But it's also important to recognize that the applause isn't *just* for you - it's for the people applauding. It's helping them commit to their sobriety entrenching the reason they come to meetings (to be of service and support newcomers). They like clapping for you! It makes them happy and in due time I hope you'll be one of those guys goofily clapping day after day for another newcomer...TL;DR - suck it up and enjoy it! Congratulations on getting this far. 
Wow good for you. ..The reason we announce SOBER milestones if multi-fold: for ourselves and for others as an example that if we can do it they can do it; and our lives do get better; and this is how we did it.  I'm sure you can come up with many other reasons why it is important.
Congrats on your 17 days of life Miss! Sounds like you have the right attitude so that's great! In answer to your question maybe that's a regional/local tradition? I've never heard of it. Here they normally as if there are any newcomers (first time a meeting) or visitors (first time to that particular meeting) but never do they ask for people to announce when they are saying their name of they are under 30 days.  If if that meeting gives out chips if you've already collected your desire chip once and haven't relapses there is no need to get a other even if it's a new meeting you've never attended (although if you share in the meeting that you are under thirty I've noticed many time people will urge those newcomers to get a chip they're handing them  out....just take one if that happens. It makes them feel good.) ..Not sure if that was helpful at allbut hopefully. Keep it up!
[deleted]
