-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mdia9/free_beer/

I ran into a convenience store last night to use the ATM and there was a vendor table up front with a woman offering tastes of beer. I did not feel an ounce of temptation recognized immediately that it was a trigger and quickly walked past her as I muttered "Too bad I quit drinking..."..In reality it's a great thing I quit drinking. I was supremely proud of myself and my reaction to this surprise but I know I can't get a big head. For those of you still struggling there is hope! Just take things one day at a time one hour at a time even one minute at a time if you feel like it. Just promise yourself you won't drink for that one minute that one hour that one day... Make it happen and then worry about tomorrow tomorrow. It gets easier and the struggle is worth the payoff!
----------immediate responses--------

My grocery store quite often has wine sampling tables set up.  In the beginning I avoided them like the plague but now I can walk by and feel pride in my newfound lifestyle.  
Ha! I like to equate "free beer!" with "free machete to the face!" ..I'm around a lot of open bar type events and I've actually used this visual to help me stay sober. There is no such thing as "free drinks" for me. I will pay out the ass with things so much more important than money. :)..Here's to another sober day!
You know the old saying "there ain't no such thing as a free lunch"? It applies to drinks too. That free beer would cost you bigtime. Good job recognizing that!
Thanks for the post. That's the way I did it...one minute one hour one morning one day at a time. ..
I like to ask such places if they have anything non-alcoholic.  Occasionally the server person goes "bzzt" sparks fly from their nose and ears smoke emanates from their armpits and they spin in circles for a good 5 minutes...Rarely you'll end up with some kind of flavored water.
There's no such thing as free alcohol for me.
Even free beer is too expensive for me these days.  I'm not interested in paying that much.
