-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mg3dm/hello_everyone/

I figured I'd make a post in here. So yeah I am pretty sure that I am depressed. I know that you aren't supposed to self diagnose yourself of course. But yeah I'll give a quick little back story I suppose. I'm going to try and tell the story with chronological context. Please excuse my grammar...So yeah my situation that I have been in has been very long and drawn out. Most of which is primarily my own fault due to actions of my past. So yeah I have been convicted of DWI 2 times. And yeah this second time has really put a pickle in things. I was arrested in early 2011 this second time. Right now I am still dealing with the consequences of my action...But yeah at the time I had taken what I called a "break" from school and was just working a restaurant job. I was pretty content with life I would say. I didn't have too many things to worry about... or at least I just wasn't worrying about things that I should have been worrying about. I was spending a lot of time going out and enjoying the single life quite a bit. I was still driving around after having drinks like a moron even after this first DWI. I had been able to somehow validate this behavior in my mind once again. I'd walk home if I was tanked and I'd drive home if I was what I thought was capable of driving home (which I wasn't)...So anyways I leave work one day and go have drinks with a girl that I had been crushing on for quite some time. The rest of our crew was going to meet up for dinner later in the evening. So the girl and I spend a couple of hours at the bar having beers and I invite her to the dinner get-together. I go home to change and shower up and get ready and as I am leaving to head to the get-together I get into an accident with another person...She blew the stop sign and I ended up hitting her car... her car sustaining just a little bit of damage and mine was complete messed up. Officer shows up and all and he asks if I have been drinking and i tell him yes and from there life seemed to go downhill...So yeah my car is messed up terribly... it was really old so the insurance company totalled it. Find out that it has a salvage title on it. I hate to sound so crass but that was my thought process then. I didn't have a ride now at this point. From here is where I sort of just willingly allowed myself to enter into this downward spiral. And to further it all I thought my life was pretty much over professionally. I had been going to school for biology and I had plans to do something with it of course. But yeah I began to really just start drinking anytime I had free time and that is where drinking took on a new purpose for me outside of just having fun...Several month later I'm at the bar after work and an old friend shows up. We hang out and buy drinks and so on and I had been known to dabble in things in the past with this guy. Well he had colinopins (sp?) which at the time I had no clue what they were... (didn't have a smartphone at this point so I just trusted his advice)... he tells me they are similar to pain killers... so myself having taken pain killers before didn't really think twice. so yeah I get a few of them and take them... didn't really do much for me so he hooks me up with more and I take them. I honestly don't remember how many of them I ended up taking but evidently too many...The next day I evidently get up and go to work... (I don't remember doing any of this)... and I proceed to get myself fired from work. I actually was so out of it that I woke up the next day thinking it was the previous one trying to get my roomie to take me to work. He told me that I got fired and that I was in terrible shape when he took me in to work.... and had told me that he had tried to convince me to call in...So yeah now I'm jobless and car-less... my roomie decides at this point that it is time for him to bounce. He wasn't on the lease and was only marginally helping out paying half of the electric bill only when he had the money. a few weeks later he bounces. And yeah for whatever reason I felt like it was a good idea to just drink and forget my situation...A few weeks later after that I meet a wonderful girl at the bar. I ask her for a date and we hit it off very quickly. I somewhat tell her about my situation and pretty soon she offers me some help and allows me to move in with her. She encourages me to go back to school and I get my ducks in a row and go back and a year later I have my degree. the whole time I am kicking the legal issues down the road but things seemed to be working for me...Well I graduate and that's when I really let things go south. I began to get increasingly frustrated with my situation as the honeymoon period with graduating and with my gf seem to where off a bit. I can't find work and I go to back to working at another restaurant. I soon began to slip back into going to the bar after work. My gf begins pleading with me to stop going but I for the first time began to sneak away after work and have trouble putting down the bottle. This game goes on for over a year as I am waiting for my trial. The gf becomes increasing frustrated and pleading more and I began distancing myself to hide my habit...Trial finally comes... after tons of continuations and I get the book thrown at me this time. They throw me in jail for 2 weeks. During this time my gf dumps me and I lose my job at the restaurant. At this time too I didn't have very much money at all. So yeah no place no car no job no gf no money... pretty bad situation. I decide that it is time for a change and I decide to go and get help...I didn't have insurance so my mother finds a free place for me to go that is very far away... It is also for a very long time as well... 9 months and religious-based... I was very reluctant to go but I really had no choice. I had to have a place of residence for probation and I had nowhere to live. I decide to go...Well I don't know how to really put this non-offensively but this place was a freaking nut farm. It was the definition of a cult to the T. They have me with no TV radio "secular" reading material telephone internet nothing... just a Bible a journal (in which we wrote in to speak to "God") and some toiletries. I endure all of that for 9 months... in which I struggled there immensely... I could write a whole book about it but I don't want to focus on that. the whole time (one of the things we were allowed to do) I was writing my ex letters and she was writing me back... it was strictly platonic but I of course was holding on to hope that we would get back together. She had told me that if I would get clean and get a decent job then maybe we could work things out...So I finally get out of there... semi-brainwashed as much as I like to think that I am immune to such things. Folks agree to let me move in since I am jobless and car-less and on probation. I wrote her a very intense letter a few weeks before I left and sneaked it to the postmaster one saturday afternoon (they would read our mail btw). I get home and call her and I found out that she is seeing someone and it absolutely crushed me...So a family friend of ours agrees to give me a job. He graciously picks me up a few times a week to come in to do work for him. Meanwhile I am paying these legal fees and so on. The whole time I'm trying to apply to jobs with my degree naively... trying to save up money of course the whole time. not making but maybe $150 a week or so. Pretty much going to work 3 days a week and the rest of the time just staying at home because I'm without a vehicle broke and living in the middle of nowhere 10 miles from any civilization. I start advertising on facebook computer repair services since it is something I did in college to make side money and start sinking some of my savings into that venture. I was able to get family friends and some friends of friends to bring their computers over for repair. I make money doing that. Soon all of that dries up because I get to where I can't convince people that I don't know so well to drive out to the sticks for computer repair and the guy that was working me lays me off to hire his daughter-in-law who had previously worked for him in the past and more obliged to...so for the past 2 months I have been out of work living with my parents at 31 years old I haven't told my family that I am late on my probation... I have had maybe 2 or 3 computer repairs in this time period and the money I had saved up over the past 8 months is now gone. My family is struggling financially as well. I have stayed sober the whole time. my hope was to use this money to get a vehicle and try and start my life again. One of the sort of highlights in these past two months is that I haven't just been spending it completely idle... I have had this crazy idea that I am going to learn how develop websites... I have learned html css and working on php at the moment... it has been a very slow process since I have had no real previous exposure to coding... it has been one sort of thing that I have grasped on...So yeah... I went to the doc a few months ago as well when I had a little money saved up and didn't really tell my folks what for until after the fact. I go for a check up and to also be seen for possible depression. He prescribes me an anti-depressant and the prescription is still right here in my file cabinet. I never went to go get it filled. I began to feel better it seemed so I decided not to get it filled...But on a typical day I think about my ex several times a day I would say. I have very vivid dreams about her as well. Those seem to be the worst. it has been over a year and a half and I am beginning to feel like maybe I have something going on because it doesn't seem like I should feel that way. I often think about the things I did to her and didn't do for her and all of the perceived mistakes that I made. I now feel like I have an existential crisis of sorts. I have deep resentment towards the subject of Christianity and organized religion in general. I get very highly annoyed by some of the stuff I see on TV and my facebook now that my friend list is filled with a bunch of those guys from down there who got through the program and are on cloud 9 somewhere. Most of all I feel pretty hopeless about my situation. I have the toughest time at night. I do things to keep myself occupied but it seems like I will get in these funks particularly after some sort of small disappointment like a computer customer not showing for example and it takes me like a few days to really recover from that. I guess because it truly is a big deal for me to try and scrape up that money...And I really hate to admit this to but I fantasize about suicide and how I could do it in a way that would somehow minimize the impact it would have on the people around me and I fantasize about all of the different aspects of it like would I leave a letter and what would I put in it if I did etc etc.. I don't really have true intentions but it is something I fantasize about. I can't really come up with any scenario that would not greatly impact my family of course. I even have thoughts that it would somehow be a righteous action to spare society of the drain that I feel I have on it right now. That's pretty twisted logic. I try to convince myself otherwise of course. I do have a healthy fear of death and I love my family deeply so I wouldn't do it just solely on that basic level and I wouldn't for other reasons as well. I do love life but it is still somewhat disturbing to me that I entertain these thoughts... with increasing frequency...A customer of mine needed more RAM for her machine just recently so I of course ask her why. She tells me for this game called "Second Life". She explained it to me and it sounded compelling so I have been in my room late at night sort of immersing myself in it whenever I can't sleep. Just tonight though I was feeling kind of down on a friday night and I go on there to talk to some people I had met. I really couldn't get a word in edge-wise and they were very cliqued up talking about what seemed to be some petty situation on there. I just had this feeling that I needed to get off of there. I frequent reddit a lot so I decided to create this anonymous account and make a post...So yeah I do feel like I am depressed. The doc didn't really indicate it. He sort of just told me "well you have some signs of it I think it is siutational take these and they should make you feel better and possibly go see a therapist." I feel these sorta bouts of intense sadness it seems... I am just so ready to have all of this over with and to have something go convincingly in my favor. I have worked very hard to get where I am today but I am just not happy. Thought I would post this... I guess this is a plea for a pity party but I really hope it doesn't come off that way. I'm really not sure exactly what I'm asking here but for maybe some comments to read about this and some sort of validation that I somewhat have good reason to feel this way and that I'm not completely crazy. Anyways I could keep typing forever it seems.. Thanks in advance..
----------immediate responses--------

You are not crazy. You do have a lot going for you. The things that happened to you are in the past you can get past them. "Hakuna Matata" Come hang out with us in the IRC chat!
That's a lot to handle but you're doing the right thing by staying sober. I know you don't have a car but can you get to any meetings? Might help to make some new friends.
I would get your RX filled. What is your doc putting you on? Doesn't sound like you have the means to  see a psychiatrist right now for a clinical diagnosis but if you are clinically depressed they will turn you around. Also fyi sometimes  you have to try a severt different types before you find one that works for you. What do you have to lose right now? You have already been self medicating with alcohol...
Powerful post /u/depressionanon.  I hope you did jump on the IRC last night.  
