-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mh3fx/112_days_gone/

Yesterday my SO and I got into a heated argument which ended with him saying he was thinking of leaving me. He later apologized I dropped him off at work and on my way home I got a half pint of liquor. I set it on the counter and kept looking at it and finally I took a shot...I drank that half pint over the course of a few hours and then true to form I craved more. I didn't get more and I distracted myself with minor tasks around the house. I then spent the better part of the night beating myself up over doing something so stupid...When my SO came home from work I told him what I had done and he responded with silence followed by telling me he really cares about me...Since I had been drinking I wanted to respect this sub so I resisted the urge to post here immediately or enter the chat. I posted to /r/offmychest instead. The question is not what I did last night but where do I go from here? I have read horror stories in the AA big book about people who have gone years sober then relapsed with devastating consequences. I do not want this to happen to me. 112 days was an incredible feat for me. It is discouraging to have to start all over again...I was stupid. I made a conscious choice to drink knowing what a dangerous drug alcohol is for me. I could have called someone but I didn't. I chose to drink and now I have to live with that.
----------immediate responses--------

One hundred and twelve days are not gone. You were sober for 112 days. You know it can be done. Clearly your way of coping with the situation yesterday did not work. Perhaps you need to try a different way.
&gt;The question is not what I did last night but where do I go from here?..This right here in my opinion shows significant growth as a result of your 112 days and going to AA.  This shows that you will not be tied down by your past but are in a position to focus on today.  This in my opinion is great...So where do you go from here?  You don't go back to square 1 because you are already past that.  But you do start fresh today and use the tools and knowledge you have attained in the last 112 days to move forward in a better and healthier way.  Good luck and thanks for posting this!
Pick yourself up dust yourself off keep calm and carry on...Make sure your learn a lesson from this. We all are going to make mistakes...Speaking for me...I've yet to make *all* of my mistakes once..but I strive not to make any of my mistakes twice! 
&gt;I have read horror stories in the AA big book about people who have gone years sober then relapsed with devastating consequences. I do not want this to happen to me...The good news is that it doesn't have to. A relapse can end with the first sip.
You have still made huge progress in my mind. 112 days is so much time sober and that accomplishment isn't gone! You *did* go 112 days without drinking. You now know what it feels like to have that much time and break so you'll be better prepared to handle it next time. There are some things we just can't know until we go through them and that's ok. Now you know and you know what to tweak/change hopefully. Day 1. You got this.
welcome back...And you are back - that is critical because a relapse done not have a built in end time at least not one before the end of your life.....you did not lose everything just a day count... and are today wiser...
You're not starting all over. Don't put yourself in that mindset. Just don't drink today. Tomorrow just repeat...Next time you are craving alcohol just call somebody. AA is built around this concept. Don't try and do this alone. Good luck.
How's this for making no sense: Two years ago I had more than two months not drinking. I was training for my first marathon which was the Sunday after Thanksgiving. So Thanksgiving week a week before the marathon I resumed drinking. Not just once but (moderately at first of course) for a couple of months. ..That was the last time two years ago. In my experience when stopping drinking it's not so important what you did yesterday as what you do **today**. You haven't lost the experience of not drinking if you make use of what you've learned. 
Ugh I'm so sorry. I have 111 days today so I think I can understand how devastated you feel...I'm glad you reached out to /u/offtherocks. And good for you for posting here. ..Yes it's discouraging but you still have all the knowledge you had at 111 days - that didn't change one iota. I spent so much time relapsing and it was horrible. I wish I had just pulled up my socks and jumped back in the pool. (Not sure why I wear socks in the pool.)..Congrats on coming back and starting again. Note that I didn't say "starting over" because I don't think you are. Good luck - and let us know how it goes!
Be kind to yourself dearie. It feels terrible to relapse but if you just show yourself the kindness that people on this subreddit and people in AA show each other you can keep a relapse from being more than this one time. 
