-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mk29m/i_know_it_has_been_said_before/

But MAN do drunk dreams piss me off. I woke up crying thinking I had relapsed. Even the relief of not having drank does not eclipse the pain of thinking I had. I guess the fact that I did not enjoy it is good but it is a poor way to start a rainy Monday morning...Stay sober homies!
----------immediate responses--------

Mine are starting to piss me off too...I had a really severe drunk dream 2 nights ago- absolutely totally 100% without a doubt convinced that I had been drinking and worse yet that I had never quit in the first place...I was glad it wasn't real but dammit really? Still??? C'mon brain! ..Anyway try to make the most of your rainy but SOBER Monday!!!
[deleted]
My drinking dreams have gone from scary to just weeeiiiird. Like I'll be drinking in the dream and it hurts my body in some literal way like my throat melts away. In others I'm drinking and knowing I'm dreaming cause hey I don't drink anymore!! I like those ones better than the bodily harm ones. :)
I didn't have a drunk dream last night but I have in the past few weeks and yeah they suck. Instead I had a super intense nightmare that I would normally have when I'd be going through intense withdrawals. So that sucked as well. I'm exhausted and feel hungover this morning. Dreams mess me up so much. 
I still get these so often. Where i've decided "oh I can have a beer now and then" or I break down and relapse. Waking up is awful and great at the same time. I also get them where I've decided to drink and drive again and get arrested. It's so shitty. I wish my mind could be happy at night.
I had my first last night since quitting it was horrible "I can't believe I let myself down so badly" then it took a few seconds after being awake to just go "ahhhhhhh... phew!"
I don't invest much in the belief that dreams have any sort of meaning but my god dreams of relapse are so distressing.  Whenever I wake up from one I always feel like a terrible person... even though I've done nothing wrong!  ..Thanks for posting this!
This is the reason I wake up and can't sleep more often than not.
I woke up a few days ago in a daze/still half asleep. My eyes were still closed. I thought to myself "I wonder if I have enough vodka left for today and tomorrow?" I knew I had at least one handle but couldn't remember if I had a second one. I could picture the one next to my dresser and kinda thought the other might be in the closet...Then I opened my eyes and started to wake up more. I realized I didn't have any vodka and that I hadn't drank in over two years. THAT was a weird feeling. To actually wake up and feel like I was still in it...It was such a relief when I realized what was going on. I've always had very vivid and immersive dreams. I've learned to love them over the years and not let them scare me. That vivid transition allowed me to feel the contrast of my old life vs my new life. It was an incredible reminder and filled me with gratitude...All I can say is learn to accept your dreams for what they are. No matter how scary and fucked up they get they can't hurt you. You can only learn from them.
I agree but it's a great relief when you finally realize it was just a dream
