-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mml5s/the_compulsion_to_drink/

Last night I was in my pajamas in bed about to fall asleep when out of nowhere a thought popped into my head. The thought was a mental video of me getting up putting on pants shoes jacket and walking to the store to buy alcohol. I tried to ignore it but it only gained strength. I started to get really anxious thinking that I was really going to act out this thought...Instead I prayed (I don't believe in god prayer for me is basically talking to myself in the dark.)  But the pause opened up space for a new thought to emerge: call another alcoholic. I ended up talking to AAs for an hour or so and I felt much better. The thought went away... The nature of this thought though was terrifying and strong in a way I've never experienced before. I didn't want to drink I just felt incredibly and overwhelmingly compelled to. Just like I feel compelled to check the stove before I leave my apartment each morning. And sometimes the compulsion to recheck it. The difference is I usually give into those urges I've never fought with one as strong as the one I battled last night. ..I've been drifting a bit from AA. Not going to as many meetings going to more SMART meetings isolating ad convincing myself that I can do this alone or with minimal help. I learned last night that that's not working. This is no dis on SMART; I love the program and what it's taught me. But the fellowship of AA is incredibly important to me. I can't do this alone. I'm really relieved I used the tools I have: calling multiple people telling my sponsor getting to a meeting as soon as possible. That compulsion could have easily turned into a slip or a relapse. For me SMART and AA work in tandem. It's dangerous when I start to forget that. 
----------immediate responses--------

What I got from this:..Craving hits.....Stop...Pray (or meditate or talk to yourself about it) to give yourself a minute to think clearly..Call another alcoholic.  ..Go to more meetings. (That works for some of us.  Not all need AA but I know it has worked for me).  ..Good steps good lesson good job.  So glad you are still here with us friend!
AA certainly has no monopoly on sobriety. If a two prong approach with SMART works for you then party on! Nothing helps an alcoholic like another alcoholic!
Powerful story! Keep on keeping on!!!  .\o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/
Good for you!!..You used the word compulsion instead of craving but this still reminded me of something an AA once told me that has calmed me down several times - "How can you crave something that has been out of your system for x amount of time?" Like... my body sure doesn't need it. Just having a moment of insanity nothing a phone call or a meeting won't fix. :)
Great post. When the shit hits the fan for me picking up the phone and calling another alcoholic has been my saving grace more than once. 
I'm glad your tools are honed and at hand...It's such a sneaky and insidious voice isn't it? I was drinking a mid-day coffee and into my head pops "this would be good with irish cream." I *hate* sweet coffee and usually added something higher-octane. Thoughts like that are reminders that I need to keep ALL my tools sharp. 
That was the obsession..you might be suffering from an illness that only a spiritual experience will conquer..see appendix ii
I congratulate you for a very healthy answer to this issue. And I concur that AA and SMART work very well together. This is what helped me find a place for my spiritual beliefs.
I can totally relate to this!!! I had an intense craving that ended up feeling like a panic attack I refused to give in though. One day at a time :) You can do this!
