-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mouu8/my_journey_started_here/

I'm immensely grateful for the community of people that helped me go through my own struggle when I first started out. I don't know where I'd be if I hadn't registered here and gained hope and motivation through the words of many others who were going through the same struggle I was. If you're just starting out please know that there's hope. It was very difficult during the start but coming back here on this subreddit I realized I've completed 425 days of being sober. .I've made so much better use of my time in the last one year than I've in the last 5-6 years. Turned Buddhist. 220lbs -> 160 lbs. Gym was my go-to place for nights that I couldn't stop thinking about drinking. It was hell when I started - and maybe its the same for you. But the idea is to continue fighting and trust me it gets better. I've been to Vegas 4 times since I've quit and I've never had the urge to drink - even once. I simply decline and to be honest I enjoy it so much more. I'm always conscious and aware of my surroundings and I know what is going on around me. I enjoy my life without the need for alcohol. ..More than anything else it has really taught me to APPRECIATE life. I appreciate my life and its potential to overcome anything as long as I fight for it. For the longest time I had given up hope and always thought I couldn't get any further in life. I left all that behind - all fears .. because who knows what tomorrow might bring? I let go of everything - social anxieties included. The main reason I first starting drinking was due to my fear during social situations. Today I have better conversations and hold better confidence than I did while I was drunk (and most of the time I didn't even remember the conversations I had - forgot names etc) .. I only focus on the present day...Here's to everyone that is starting this journey - I can assure you that it will the BEST decision of your life. You may have the urge to drink and what not .. But please continue fighting against it. It's all in the mind and you must NEVER let it control you. Control it and release yourself from the addiction it holds itself dear to. Wishing you all the very best !!
----------immediate responses--------

That was awesome and just what I needed to read as I stand outside a pub waiting to meet my folks thinking "oh what the fudge do I drink in here?!" I'm learning to live without drink and so far its awesome but difficult. Thanks for another hope injection :)
Love this post!!!  Thanks for sharing it...It is timed perfectly with my post this morning that sobriety is meant to be lived not endured.  Your story certainly is Exhibit A in this regard.
This is awesome. Thank you and keep it up!
Thank you! Needed to read this today.
&gt; I've made so much better use of my time in the last one year than I've in the last 5-6 years. Turned Buddhist. 220lbs -&gt; 160 lbs. Gym was my go-to place for nights that I couldn't stop thinking about drinking. It was hell when I started - and maybe its the same for you. But the idea is to continue fighting and trust me it gets better...This really resonated with me.  I've been in a cycle of:..Eat crappy food -&gt;  Gain weight  -&gt; Feel crappy about eating crappy food and gaining weight -&gt; Drink to be less depressed -&gt; make crappy food choices while drunk -&gt; drink more -&gt; make more crappy food choices when waking up hungover...Although my time is limited and I don't have access to workout equipment I've been portioning my meals actually packing lunches for work and plan on starting some bodyweight exercise challenges 4-5 days a week.  You just inspired me even more!..Thanks friend and congrats on day 425! 
&lt;3 &lt;3.
