-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ms1xj/level_up_star_power/

This is the first time since I was a teenager that I've gone 30 days without drinking. I made my first attempt at quitting around 8 months ago and could never really get more than 20 days. So this is pretty awesome! It has not been the easiest 30 days but every time I make it through another life obstacle I gain more confidence that I can make it through anything. ..In the past 30 days I've made it through..* Halloween. This one was easy because I hate Halloween so I just stayed home and ate candy. .* My dads 60th birthday party. This was rough because it was within my first week of quitting and family events + drinking are a huge thing for me. I also could not get out of it or leave early. .* My brother is travelling for 3 weeks and since I live with my parents in suburbia he let me stay at his place downtown. I was pretty worried about having a place to myself for 3 weeks where no one would know if I was drinking or not as normally I would see an opportunity like this to binge drink the whole time. Plus his place is so close to many liquor stores and bars. He comes back this Sunday and I'll be sad to leave but I'm pretty proud of myself for this one. ..* My Grandma died so I had to deal with that as well as the wake and funeral which were pretty stressful. I've (thankfully) only been to one funeral before so this was sort of a new experience for me. The side of my family that she was on are not big drinkers though so that really helped. When we went out for dinner people were maybe having 1-2 drinks and lots of people weren't drinking at all so that was no big deal. I'm really thankful for my sobriety during this time because I would have been a complete mess otherwise. I had a lot to do for 2-3 days and had to make small talk with a lot of people I didn't know at all. I probably would have been late unkempt looking and completely awkward had I been hungover. ..* My other brother who lives in Finland came back for a week for the funeral and it's always a shitshow when he comes back to visit. Everyone wants to see him so there are always lots of dinners and family events. Mainly just a lot of get-togethers that involve lots of alcohol. ..In the past month I've also signed up for Drivers Ed which I've put off for almost 10 years and has been a huge stressor in my life. I'm almost done the course and I am getting my learners permit on Friday. This course is around $600.00 which is money let alone motivation I never would have had if I was still drinking. I've gone to more AA meetings in the past month than I have in the past year. I've been on SD everyday. I have a therapist who specializes in alcohol addiction that I really like. I'll be seeing her tomorrow for the first time in 3 weeks (she was on vacay) and I'm really excited to tell her all of this. I've also started to figure out why I drink and what I used drinking for. I can clearly see what I need to change in my life to remain sober and I'm excited for it all. I feel like this is the first time in my life that I'm actually in recovery and not just not drinking. Now that the first 30 days are over and my head is a lot more clear I need to make a plan for the next 30...Oh and something else I've noticed is that my quick wits are cleverness are coming back to me. I'm really not one to talk about my good qualities but I've always been pretty quick witted and funny. Over the past 2 years of really heavy drinking I've noticed that I was losing that and couldn't keep up in funny conversations like I used to be able to. People stopped telling me I was funny or clever. Nothing was coming to me naturally and I tried to force it which just made it worse. A few days ago a friend that I talk to daily but has no clue about me quitting drinking told me that my comments had been so funny and on point lately and for awhile he was worried that I had lost it. That alone made this whole month worth it haha. ..I also wanted to thank all of y'all for being awesome. The PMs when I haven't posted in awhile mean a lot to me and help me realize people actually do care about me which is something I've struggled a lot with in the past. Special shoutouts to VE! I also want to dedicate these past 30 days to my brothers Seinfeld DVDs. You're always there for me when the rain starts to pour. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 30 days!  These are some great accomplishments.  Hope they continue for you!!!
What's the difference?  For me it was ACTION and you too are certainly taking action.  Keep doing what you're doing.
Really proud of you Ms. Burry ;)  You have persevered since that /r/AskReddit post this Spring.  I remember seeing the traffic stats for /r/stopdrinking after that post - they went through the roof.  Really proud of all the things you are doing to take your life back.  Sounds like you are doing all the right things :)
Congratulations on 30 days!! It sounds like you've faced some difficult situations but got through them with a combination of action and resolve. Keep up the great work!
Dude you're killing it! Congratulations man!
[deleted]
Killin' it! Taking the actions that make you the type of dude who just does not shoot himself in the foot. Proud of you homes!
