-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mx6u0/feeling_responsible_for_another_persons_relapse/

I'm so upset. My now-ex-SO and I have been in contact with each other since the breakup and he is not doing very well. For those of you who don't know this is the man I initially got sober for - he quit when I did too. He had some slip-ups in the beginning but hasn't had anything since February...He called me two nights ago and we had a really painful conversation for over an hour. Last night he called me and explained that he didn't know what he said to me the night before because he was blacked out the entire time. I had my suspicions during the conversation but was afraid to suggest anything.....I'm doing my very best to manage this breakup fallout in the best way possible but I can't help but feel like I am responsible for his relapse. I know rationally *he* made the decision to drink and it's not my fault but I feel it like it's my fault anyway and it's terrible. I am worried and I care about him so I hesitate to just cut him off. I don't want him to drink again and/or hurt himself...I'm not going to drink over this today. I never expected to be relying so heavily on the "one day at a time" thing this close to a year in but I am. It's so hard and I don't know how to manage this. I am having trouble in other aspects of my life as well and it feels like everything is just closing in on me. Thanks for listening guys it helps a lot.
----------immediate responses--------

The most important thing here is that you don't slip up as well. If that happens god knows what will happen.  One hour at a time is fine for the next wee while.  Be strong all will be well if you don't drink.  Good luck!
I dated a recovering alcoholic once and I was very hesitant to break up with him because he downright told me he was going to drink if we broke up. I eventually realized that in my situation this was manipulation and emotional abuse which led me to ultimately make the choice to leave. I can appreciate how difficult your decision was to leave and the guilt you feel but it's his body and his rights and he made his own choices. He could have went to AA or whatever program he was in. He could have called a friend to help. He could have called a sponsor. He could have went to the Internet for help. He could have went to a therapist. Instead he chose a bottle over all of the other choices and resources that he had available. This was not your fault and any time he decides to make a choice it's his choice and you are not responsible for the choices he makes. He is responsible for managing his feelings and how he deals with them...If you aren't wanting to get back together with him I suggest you take a few months away from each other and break contact completely. You both have some healing to do and it's very difficult to forget the pain of the breakup and focus on moving forward when you have a constant reminder of what happened. Now is a time where you also need to focus on you and your recovery and do what you need to do in order to be good to yourself.
Why do you feel responsible for his drinking? You aren't..
I know you don't want to hear this but cutting off contact is the most loving thing to do for both of you. It is also important for your own sobriety. If the relationship is over end it. He is drinking and it does little good to talk with him. It only stirs things up for you and to what end? ..I cannot control another person's behavior because I am not that powerful.
I've been in a situation like this except I was him. Just my opinion hanging around generally will only allow him to manipulate you and enable his drinking...Think about it: You *feel* like it's you fault. That is what success at manipulation looks and feels like...I don't know your exact situation. I'm sure there are lots of variables. In my experience she should have cut me off from contact sooner. It hurt like nothing I've ever felt before but it was right.
No offense and I know relationships are very complicated but I had 3 thoughts while reading this:..1) You are absolutely not responsible for his drinking period.  End of story.  No further discussions are necessary...2) It sounded (and I say sounded as i obviously don't know the man or the relationship) as a little passive-aggressive on his part.  ..3) You are too good of a person and too valuable to my continuing sobriety to lose you back to the bottle over something like this!  Now don't go slipping up!  As with everything else in this alcoholic's life I can make any situation all about me.... :)
[deleted]
If you were to drink tonight because of the conversation you had two nights ago would it be his fault?..I look at my sobriety as one of the few things in life that is 100% mine. No one can take it away from me. I gan give it away any time I choose but no one can take it.
Sorry to hear you are having such trouble.  To me the ultimate phrase of the penultimate sentence was most frightening:."it feels like everything is just closing in on me.".When one thing is bad we can soldier on when everything is bad God help us.  Well help from anywhere.  Try to be good to yourself see a movie get a massage a spa see some friends call relatives and connect with people.  Do something creative or artistic share whatever it takes and stay sober...At this point drinking would be the absolute worst thing you could do.  When hell has you by the ankles it's hard to stay strong but my strength to you fight fight fight.
He drank because he chose to drink. He is the only person responsible for that. There will always be complications in life that challenge us those situations didn't make us drink we chose to drink rather than working through the issues in a positive way. ..Some days when I'm struggling I try and think my way out of it and inevitably it gets worse for me emotionally. I try and do something that gets me out of my own head for a while. Excercise has been a huge release for me. If I'm feeling like shit I go run and I don't instantly feel better but usually the next day I feel like a new person...It wasn't that long ago that you were feeling good and you will feel good again remember these feelings are temporary. I struggle with that myself.
&gt;I'm not going to drink over this today. I never expected to be relying so heavily on the "one day at a time" thing this close to a year in but I am. It's so hard and I don't know how to manage this. I am having trouble in other aspects of my life as well and it feels like everything is just closing in on me. ..I don't know much about relationships but I can definitely relate to feeling like I *shouldn't* still be dealing with cravings/urges/compulsions/whatever nearly ten months after quitting. It is what it is though. ..Your post reminded me of this gem from the big book: "acceptance is the answer to all my problems today. When I am disturbed it is because I find some person place thing or situation-some fact of my life -unacceptable to me and I can find no serenity until I accept that person place thing or situation as being exactly the way it is supposed to be at this moment"
LB I'm curious to know...in your heart do you believe you can alter his behavior and decisions?  
You deserve a good life free from guilt and shame. You are worthy of healthy boundaries and of being surrounded by people who respect those boundaries. You have earned your hard-won self-esteem and you deserve to be celebrated just as we celebrate your successes here in this sub so should you and your loved ones celebrate out there in the world. Please nurture yourself and treat your independence from this person and your sobriety as the precious things they are.
The biggest struggle in remaining sober is to find new coping mechanisms for dealing with life.  He has not done that and reverted back to numbness.  ..This is by no means your fault.  He made his choices and now he will have to deal with it.  You have no control over his actions or his sobriety.  He will find his way if that is what he wants.  ..Honestly though that is not for you to worry about since you can't affect the outcome.  
I want to share my experience and speak from the I here but I also feel like this is selfish and coming off as just talking about me. I hope that you can get something from this because I went through very similar things around August of this year. I dated an alcoholic (who eventually become a heroin addict) for like 6 years of my life (he wasn't always a heroin addict and I was really fucked up. Don't judge me). Anyways towards the end of our relationship he was doing pretty well sober off booze and clean off the heroin. Having been sober for a while it become more than apparent to me that I needed to end this relationship. Regardless of his clean status it just needed to end. I did so with help from other people (shout out to the IRC chat here who talked me down from the ledge on many scary occasions). Once I got honest with myself I got honest with my sponsor. She helped keep me accountable to myself and my desire to be true to myself and get out of that relationship. With her help I ended a relationship I had been trying to get out of for 5 years. It absolutely broke his heart. He was so confused and asked me again and again *why are you doing this now when I am finally doing the right thing?* It was just time and I was done. Long story short he relapsed. We still talked all the time (actually he still lived in my house for about a month); he continued to tell me that he fucked up and now he had a $200/day habit because I broke up with him. I lived in terror that I would come home and he would be dead from an overdose and it would be all on me. I felt very responsible. The important thing here is that I continued to talk to my sponsor and other women about this situation. They helped support me when I couldn't support myself. They reassured me that it was not my fault he makes his own choices (especially having been sober for a bit there!) and helped me to follow through on kicking him out. They also gave me the advice that I should probably cut off contact from him. Talking to him was just hurting me (even though I thought I was trying to manage the breakup as best as possible). I got him out of my house cut contact and I am so much better off! (Actually I have been texting him a bit this week just to check in and your post reminded me to STOP DOING THAT so thank you!) I feel comfortable and okay by myself today. I don't take the weight of his immense problems on my shoulders anymore and I feel like I can breath. I can handle my life (with a huge support system). I can't handle the entire brevity of his issues as well as my own shit. It just doesn't work. ..As others have said you are not to blame...&gt;I am having trouble in other aspects of my life as well and it feels like everything is just closing in on me. ..If you don't drink today it will be okay...I know that it seems like this is consuming and painful (because it is) but I promise that it does get better. In a few short (and sometimes long) months you will look back at this current struggle and just be so thankful that you got through it and that it is *over* now. And maybe you can even help out the next woman who feels responsible for her ex's relapse.
