-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2n3ixh/hey_guys/

Hey guys I though I would introduce myself..  .I am currently 88 days sober. I got clean once before. I went to an outpatient treatment program and managed to put together 8 months. It was mostly because I wanted to redeem my reputation. It's a long story but I had alienated my family pretty well. I didn't go to AA that time because I lived in a tiny town and I literally couldn't find meetings. I also didn't think I needed to. I relapsed for a year and ended up moving..  .My drinking eventually reached the point where I thought I had done major damage to my body and I had a total breakdown called my family and checked myself into the hospital because of withdraw symptoms. I was shaking sweating and the whole nine yards. I was in rough shape. They gave me some medication to alleviate the withdraws...I got on the internet and discovered that My current area was full of meetings so I went to one that night. I was guided to more meetings by the other members and I make one a night now generally. I have to say it's been really nice. I have a sponsor now and he's been a major help.  .  .I have been in a little bit of a rut lately. The initial euphoria of early sobriety has worn off a bit I think. As a guy in his early 20's I almost feel like the "Privilege" of drinking has been taken away from me. I know it's my choice to be sober but I still feel like it sort of diminishes my standing as an adult Like a "You must be this tall to ride the roller coaster" thing. I hate that I can't do this thing that pretty much everyone I know can do. It makes me a bit angry sometimes. I'm not depressed or unhappy it's just a kind of internal conflict I have..  .Sorry I wrote a paper guys. Thanks for hearing me out and I hope I have 90 days on ~~Sunday!~~ Monday. Lost track of days.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so glad you dropped by /u/cyote1 I hope you join right in on our sober journey.
I was on-and-off-the-wagon for years always feeling like you say: like I'd had a privilege revoked.  After reading Alan Carr's Easy Way to Stop Drinking I feel like I'm finally free of a punishment instead.  If you haven't read it yet I highly recommend it.  
I love this post! 
Hi there fellow 88er!! Last year after ruining a friends party I shamed myself into quitting for 6 months and like you I felt like my privileges had been revoked and sure enough by the time Christmas came round I was back drinking again. This time though I just decided enough was enough and here I am on day 88 just like you! Sobriety can be bloody hard at times but I'm slowly learning to embrace my life for all it's good and bad bits. I actually felt like total c**p today but I forced myself to get out had a good walk came back went on here read loads of posts and got through my rubbish mood! Phew! Don't forget to grab a badge! Look forward to seeing our shiny stars in a couple of days both with 3 on them! Good luck ;-)
Welcome!  I understand what you are saying about "privilege."  For me it's not about proving my adulthood; I drank for longer than you've been alive and I've had enough alcohol for several lifetimes--it's more about wanting to be "normal."  After over a year of sobriety I still get a little twinge sometimes when I see people drinking a beer or whatever on TV or walking by a pub.  I guess it's a momentary resentment that I can't just go and do that like everyone else.  ..But then I reflect on how grateful I am to be sober and realize how privileged I am in many many other ways.
&gt;As a guy in his early 20's I almost feel like the "Privilege" of drinking &gt;has been taken away from me...As a guy in his early 30s there have been times I felt this way too. It's been a tough one to shake. Somewhere along the way I've changed my thinking to something along the lines of "This is just something I can't do. It is not good or bad no privilege or deprivation."..&gt;I still feel like it sort of diminishes my standing as an adult..I've definitely felt this way as well. 9 months into this thing and sometime along the way that adults get to be however they want. It's wonderful..Things have gotten easier for me. I suspect they will be the same for you. Great work keep it up!
