-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2n692h/second_relapse/

I relapsed for the second time and drank this past week. Today is my second day free of alcohol. I have a tight sensation in my chest but other than that I'm okay...I guess there are times that I toy with the idea of being able to drink like a "normal" person but I don't know that I know what that feels like. I wonder if I will ever be at that point in my life where I can drink without fear of it becoming a problem and I'm scared of the risks associated with finding out...I have to admit I miss drinking. I am envious of people who can drink without it having it effect them negatively. It feels unfair to me especially since I'm in my early twenties...I could use any encouragement and positive thoughts sent my way. ..Thanks :)..Edit: It's times like these that remind me that there are still good people out there. Thank you so much for all of your supportive and encouraging words. It means a lot. I'm not going to give up this fight.
----------immediate responses--------

may I ask what you did during your recent period of not drinking?  Did you participate in any treatment programs?  ..Good luck this time.
What happened? Why did you drink again? I mean this sincerely not as an accusation. Can you walk us through how you felt and what you were doing?..Whenever we keep repeating mistakes we need to find out something to tweak and improve on or there isn't any reason it wont happen again in my opinion. :)
&gt; I guess there are times that I toy with the idea of being able to drink like a "normal" person.....We all get that way. But what is "normal"? It's a relative thing. I considered normal to be a minimum of a six pack a day or a bottle of whiskey and some beers. Now the idea repulses me. Normal is sober...&gt; I am envious of people who can drink without it having it effect them negatively...Consider that you're talking about consuming mass quantities of a poison that adversely effects your cognitive abilities not to mention your health. It can't be done without negative effects. And again those effects are relative...&gt; It feels unfair to me especially since I'm in my early twenties...You're still young if you still think life is fair. It ain't fair son. And there's nothing out there that says it has to be. No sense being upset by it. Accept your reality or do something to change it. If it can't be changed try harder to accept it.
Good luck u/electrax--I was looking at your response to Nika I thought you were doing AA meetings previously or am I confusing you with someone else?  
When I was in my early twenties I stopped drinking for three years. ..It sucked...I drank again but how do you stop drinking after just a week? I drank on for another 8 years until I had more trouble that made me stop drinking for six years but I drank again for four more years...If you aren't convinced of what your problem is then anything I say or to put it more in context until I was convinced I wasn't convinced. Until I was at a point that I couldn't imagine life going on any further with or without alcohol was I willing to ask for help...I almost killed myself. That sounds like a teenage girl having a fit but that's the truth for real no doubt...I became convinced by drinking a lot of alcohol and not dying. Many others don't get to be so lucky...What kind of other are you?
I had to let go of my old ideas. I'm still peeling away my old ideas and learning new ones. I'm stubborn but I'm also desperate and I want a happy life. You deserve a happy life too!.."Most of us have been unwilling to admit we were real alcoholics. No person likes to think he is bodily and mentally different from his fellows. Therefore it is not surprising that our drinking careers have been characterized by countless vain attempts to prove we could drink like other people. The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death."
You can choose to make it your last! Congrats on getting sober again!
Hey!  I just turned 21 and I'm a senior in college and I know exactly how you feel. ..I was always so envious of those who could drink normally and I was so frustrated about the fact that I couldn't. It took me a lot of tries to get sober I never thought that I could be sober as a college student. How was I supposed to have fun? But eventually all the bad nights and all the consequences that happen from my drinking were finally enough.  I didn't lose everything but I had lost enough. Now I have seven months of sobriety without a drink or drug...I tried to drink in moderation for so many years but that's what makes us alcoholics we are unable to drink in moderation no matter how much or how hard we try. It takes a lot of willingness to understand how much better our lives could be if we just gave up alcohol  but once you get there it's the best feeling ever. ..AA really worked for me. There are tons of meetings filled with people our age  let me know if you need any help finding one.
[deleted]
