-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2n8t19/1st_post_on_here/

Hi everyone. I've discovered this site and kind of lurked for awhile. I'm proud of all of you and know the struggle you're going through. I drank steadily through Jr. High and High School it was the only way I knew to deal with emotional pain. I quit drinking after I failed my first semester of college. It was May of 1977. I'm now 56. Haven't drunk anything since then. To be honest I still want to from time to time but I don't. I'm going on what? 38 years sobriety? You can do it! Hang in there. My life is so very different than it would have been had I fallen back. Just wanted to let you know life will be good sober...
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! Very encouraging! We'd love to hear more of your story :)
Thanks for sharing this with us! I know a lot of us wish we had quit drinking in after high school ha. Here's to one more sober day!
Thanks so very much for dropping by this is just the thing for me to read this morning. Creeping up on one year things have been getting a little weird for me but it's good to take a moment to reflect upon just how much better life is overall than it was one year ago today. Life is not perfect but it is real and full of real possibility. I've done and been things I never thought I was capable of. Thank you for reminding me that this trend of general peace and decency can indeed continue. 
Thanks for sharing! This is inspiring!..Do you mind sharing the steps you took to achieve such a fantastic feat? 
  I remember chatting with a bookstore owner ~4-5 years ago at a point where I was convincing myself that my drinking was not quite so bad. I asked him if he'd tried a certain whiskey how was it and he said "I don't know I haven't had a drink in 30 years." I remember staring at him in amazement and I almost asked him how he had managed to do it. I really should have just asked.  :P .Oh well at least I'm getting a start on it now. Thanks for stopping by!
Thanks for sharing this with us!  It cheered up my morning :)
Hi and welcome. ..I up in three decades sober too. How did you do it?
Thank you for this great post!  Some encouragement to start my day.  Perfect!  38 years is a long time how did you do it?
You've been sober longer than Elvis has been dead. Amazing!
Welcome to SD! Wow 38-years alcohol-free. Yep I'm inspired! thanks for sharing!
Go get a badge &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so I don't have to do the math and calculate your days sober. 
Great to hear from you.  You have much to offer please stick around.
Love this. Thank you for posting and great job!!!!
