-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2na8sj/i_didnt_really_think_i_qualified_as_an_alcoholic/

Even compared to some of the struggles here I don't relate. I feel like my problems with booze pale in comparison to some. But I know it's in my best interests to stop drinking. I am a very depressive person and when I drink especially alone I can get quite emotional. I've been dealing with some bigger issues over this summer and fall. I was drinking to avoid dealing with some of those issues and drinking has created a few of its own issues. I am posting here because this is the first time in my life when I have had to sternly tell myself NO to making a drink because it's only noon. I need to woman up and deal with some of my issues instead of drinking to avoid it all.
----------immediate responses--------

A few things:..* You're telling yourself not to drink (normal people don't do that).* You're setting a time frame for when to drink (not before noon).* You're drinking alone.* You're drinking to avoid things..I did all of these things but by the end I gave up on my first two bullet points. They just didn't matter. I gave up on myself as well.
I stopped worrying about the label. Instead I focused on the equation of me + alcohol = problems. I also had no evidence that I could keep alcohol in the equation and change the outcome. I need to remove alcohol to achieve a better outcome...Even if you are not an alcoholic it is often suggested that you should temporarily stop drinking while working on the issues. This way you will have a much clearer perspective and be more in touch with your feelings.
&gt; Even compared to some of the struggles here I don't relate. I feel like my problems with booze pale in comparison to some. But I know it's in my best interests to stop drinking...This is super smart.  I am not one to try to convince people that they have a drinking problem or that they are alcoholic (usually)--but consistent time sober has the beneficial effect of clarity.  It's one of the reasons behind the 30-day SOBER challenge that we suggest to some people who are just curious.  The other thing as you note is that alcohol/ETOH is a depressant.  As a chemical that I introduced into my blood stream far too excessively and far too often my central nervous system and my perceptions were negatively impacted and my thinking and expression was incredibly distorted.  Consistent sober time changed all of that for me.
Even the worst most desperate alcoholics can find someone who is "worse" than them.  I spent many many years looking at the things I didn't yet do rather than the things I had done.  I wish I done the opposite and found sobriety earlier...Thinking that you are different is a sure way to ensure that you end up just like the worst.  
I was that way too. I would drink because I felt depressed or hit a self-esteem speed bump and then feel even worse when drunk and later hungover. And the opposite happened too -- if I was out celebrating something I would drink and then even in the middle of all that happiness being drunk would bring my emotional issues to the surface again. And when I was hungover with an aching head and shame about what I might have done the night before the self-loathing would be on a whole new level. Drinking always made whatever underlying emotional issues I was dealing with so much worse...Yes it's scary when you feel anxious or depressed. But drinking is never a way to avoid those issues. It amplifies the bad emotions. Since I've stopped drinking I've still had some of those negative emotions but they are less frequent less intense and I am now able to face them and think about them with a clear mind. I'm more able to figure out WHY I feel a certain way instead of just wallowing. It's still a bit scary but it's also exhilarating to know that there is a *reason* I feel a certain way...I hope you can deal with whatever is going on without the confounding variable of alcohol in the mix. And if you find that things aren't getting resolved it's okay to talk to a therapist. Just imagine -- without alcohol messing you up you'll be that much more effective talking things out with a professional!
I don't think it really matters how bad your problem is. ..I know the problem I had with it could not even come close to what I've read on here with other people but comparing it is just a waste of time. ..In fact I believe comparing it like this is an excuse we can use so we can continue drinking. ..As some have said here already normal people don't need to question their drinking habits. They have their one or two and they are done. It gets no more thought. Normal people don't have to tell themselves sternly to not drink...So you have a problem however big or small. It's there...So depending on how big the beast is you might be able just to cut back and moderate it better or you might just need to sit the bottles down and vow never to come back to it ever again...Moderation was just a lie for me and something to be used to appease people who got onto me about my drinking. Eventually I realized this and walked away from alcohol forever.
In the beginning I had "bottom envy"  Thought hey i'm not so bad until I heard a guy share in AA how he had been drinking fresca and gasoline at the end.  - he survived but there was a bit of a slur in his speech years later....."Sweet jesus" I said "no need to try for the record."..As you said if alcohol is a problem in our lives - its a problem and our lives will be better if we stop.  Other insights and revelations often come to pass but first we gotta stop.
Non alcoholics don't drink to solve/drown their sorrows 
Luckily for you at least in my experience stopping drinking had allowed me to get to the bigger issue: me. ..I couldn't have done that drunk and I couldn't have done that without the love and support I've found here and in AA. 
