-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2navfw/but_im_not_an_alcoholic_i_say/

Hi...So I've been lurking on this subreddit for a bit and finally feel ok enough to say "hi."  I haven't had a drink in almost three weeks.  I was SURE I would be fine with it cuz IMHO I'm not an alcoholic.  I answered some questions and though I'm not "hardcore" I would wager I'm at least a "softcore" alcoholic. Ha.  My health is the #1 reason (and really only reason) I've started to step back and look at my drinking.  I have Crohn's.  That alone sucks.  But add alcohol? No bueno.  Add that almost all of my friends drink I'm a musician and frankly I like getting buzzed?  All no bueno.  So hi.  I'm not sure how long I can keep this not-drinking thing going.  I haven't had this amazing restructuring of my guts to the point where I feel amazing.  But flip-side -- no Crohn's hangovers (think regular hangover times death).  Thank you all for being brave enough to make changes and then even braver to announce them via this subreddit.  It has given me hope.  I had no idea that I would even struggle with this.  My idea of drinking has been "just a few beers" weeknights with a bit more "freedom" on the weekends.  I'm going to definitely be fine to make it to 30 days...but then what?  Maybe if you are someone kinna like me you can give me advice?  I'm having a difficult time thinking I can do this forever.  Thanks in advance.  P.S. Sorry for the overuse of quotation marks.  But I don't have time to edit sooooo kinna sorry/not sorry. ;)
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time.  they do add up though...as for going back to it no reason to (for me). And don't sweat the definitions if you can handle alcohol go for it but the odds are that people who find their way here - can't.  and it sounds like you have an additional reason not to fuck with your body......"a few beers" "the check is in the mail" "of course i love you"  the pantheon of truth stretchers.
I'm not thinking about forever or at least I'm trying not to! It's definitely hard I have a nice bar set I bought a few years back that me and my boyfriend keep out for company because it looks nice. Looking at it made me sad today thinking about all of the drinking I won't be able to do. So I think I'm going to just put it away and not drink today. I bet my feelings will change tomorrow. 
The thing about drinking is if you have a problem it just tends to accelerate over time. I know that was true in my case. Because of that in some respects I'm glad I went at it so hard - it was obvious I needed to quit and I got it out of my system. It sounds like you're in a "I should quit but not sure if I want to yet" position... which is a really hard place to be. Only you can make the decision. The best advice I can give is do as honest an evaluation of the 30 days as you can. What's better? What's worse? You might be surprised at your answer.
[deleted]
Will tomorrow be better if you don't drink today?  That's the only question you need to ask yourself.  Just do it everyday.
