-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nd8uo/allen_carrs_easy_way_changed_everything/

This book is a gift from heaven. It fell into my lap at the right place and time which is surely a factor but WOW! Previous quits were always white knuckle for me dominated by thoughts of self-denial. Thanks to absorbing Mr. Carr's viewpoint I literally pity my old self and other drinkers. In the past going to a bar would have caused a relapse for sure. Right now going to a bar would strengthen my resolve by my watching puffy red drunks do and say stupid things. If you are considering quitting and know that AA is not for you get this book. It is an absolute game changer. It has the power to flip your attitude 180 degrees from deprivation to abundance. I literally am excited for doing the holidays sober and observing the drunken abandon all around me which was an absolutely dreadful thought a short while ago. There are like two sober people in my life that I previously found annoying for their temperance during holiday parties. This year they may become my closest companions. Cheers everyone! Sorry that this was a bit of a ramble.
----------immediate responses--------

For the record the book is Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Drinking.
His book about smoking helped me to eventually quit. After reading the book I didnt drink for a couple of months with maybe few weeks of drinking inbetween. Now I am on day 2. Going today to a doctor to see what they have to help. I identified that I drink again when I get depressed and anxious. Maybe doctor will get me something that I could take instead of resorting to alcohol.
I'm gonna buy it as soon as my paycheck goes in! I'm doing well but as I'm not doing meetings I feel this could be an extra help for me particularly with Christmas coming up!
It's a fantastic book and I rely heavily on his strategy...A word of caution though Carr maintains that after you finish the book you're done. I found it necessary to still build a support network because the first 90 days were cake but after that it got tougher. The first time I read his book I did not have support so when I began to doubt my decision to quit in a moment of weakness I had no one to reach out to and fell hard. 
I loved this book.  It took me a couple of times to get into it but once I did I was sold.
It definitely changed my views around drinking! Anytime I feel self-doubt I just read a few bits from the book to remind myself. It's a great complement to AA and the steps for me.
The word that resonates with me is ~ devastation.  This book helped me tremendously and still does! 
I agree.  The change in thinking from "Look what I am missing out on" to  to "Missing out on a foul poison that brings devastation?" did it for me.  Along with all the helpful other things I find on this Sub.
Could you explain briefly the method he puts forth?..I feel the same way about [Rational Recovery: The New Cure for Substance Addiction](http://www.amazon.com/Rational-Recovery-Cure-Substance-Addiction/dp/0671528580/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1416930891&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=rational+recovery) by Jack Trimpey. ..It was my lifesaver.
Just bought the book.  Thank you for the suggestion!
This is a great post--your message and attitude definitely resonate with me. I recently had to reset my badge and I felt so fucking strong about two days before I gave into the perfect storm of stress... This post reminds me to actually read the book from cover to cover... I need to stick with the book and with a daily commitment to my sobriety. Thank you!
Every time I see an advertisement for alcohol walk by a store display case with alcohol or drive by a liquor store it reminds me how gullible I was to buy into the alcohol lifestyle marketing hype.
I read the book in early July and I thought I was healed forever. I made a post on this sub about it... I was hyped as hell. But then the honeymoon phase eventually ended. And I fell in the trap again. I find reasons to get drunk every week end. It's been this way for me for the last 3 months. Now I'm doing a lot better than I was prior to reading the book but I'm still not where I would want to be. Good luck. 
[deleted]
