-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nesde/sober_but_feeling_really_overwhelmed_by_the/

This is long and probably self-indulgent.  I'm writing because I can't keep it all to myself anymore...I'm 42 years old and I'm an alcoholic.  I had my first taste of a drink when I was 16 the vodka hit my tongue and I had two instant thoughts: oh my God and then I can never drink again.  I couldn't have articulated it then but knew deep down that if I drank it would destroy my life.  ..So I didn't until I was 36.  I finally drank six months into the worst depression of my life a cascade that put me in the hospital for three months.  I barely remember that whole stretch of time; I was out of my mind in every way.  All I know is six months out from the hospital I was an absolute out-of-control drunk and had no idea what the fuck had happened to me...The following five years were that tragic yet boring cycle of relapse try again relapse try again exacerbated by relentless and unimproved depression.  Meanwhile every aspect of my life was falling apart.  My friendships disintegrated.  The alcohol made me eat like a pig and I gained a lot of very unwelcome weight.  I limped through every day in my graduate program and went home to a pint of vodka every night.  After four years of this I flunked out.  Last year I put myself into a sober house and had my last drink in October 2013...With every bridge burned and still fighting the depression dragon I'm now marginally employed the main reason for which is that my boss didn't ask for references.  I'm grateful for the work because I feel useful and because it helps me survive.  I am also a prostitute.  (I'm female.)  I sell myself because with it I make ends meet and because I already loathe myself so much it seems like a perfect fit.  But the dread I feel before the day's first client I wouldn't wish it on anyone.  It tastes like metal and fear...If you'd told me ten years ago what my life would look like today I'd have wanted to kill myself then to save myself the misery.  Not drinking doesn't feel like an accomplishment and the only reason--the ONLY reason--I haven't picked up again is Antabuse.  I'm so ashamed and no one in my day-to-day life knows all these things.  The only person who knows all of it is my therapist who nods in sympathy and says very little.  I don't reach out to others much because at a certain point it's hard to keep hiding secrets as big as these.  I feel trapped in a hellish cycle of isolation poverty addiction mental illness and paralyzing shame and I have no idea how to pull out of it.  ..I wrote this because it felt too hard today to keep on keeping this to myself.  I also wanted to say that if you're struggling with anything similar to what I've described you are NOT ALONE.  Obviously I'm a hot mess but I also happen to be a good listener and I would welcome hearing from anyone at all...Thank you very much for reading this.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi and welcome!  I for one am very glad you have decided to join us.  I hope you keep coming back and participating....I have a feeling there is a lot I could learn from you my friend...I know all too well my own hellish cycle of isolation addiction guilt and shame. ..May I ask if you have tried any recovery groups like AA?  Thanks!
Don't stress about the past- cant change anything. You have the power to start your day over at any time. I truly live one day at a time. I'm at peace dealing with JUST TODAY 
I'm glad you're here. ..I struggle with depression too. It's always chipping away at my self worth even when I'm sober. It gets very *very* heavy at times...and I can empathize with the shame and isolation you describe. I've found very few people I'm close to that can relate. ..One thing that has helped me is to consciously forgive myself. Every morning...I sensed that some large portion of my pain was a result of me beating myself up for all the mistakes and bad choices I'd I've made in my 33 years on this planet. Regret and shame *consumed* me. It became impossible for me to create new good things for myself or anyone else. All my emotional and psychological bandwith was consumed with me beating the shit out of myself for all my screw ups...I had to drop that heavy burden of the past and forgive myself. I have to do it *everyday*. And everyday I also make a commitment to myself to add to the good in the world in the present and future...Thank you for sharing your story It helped me to read it. You write very well and I'm hopeful you'll stick around and participate more.
Welcome /u/soberwreckage -- I came back to sobriety in 2009 after a 7 years relapse with a federal felony tax conviction looming [at this link you can read my story.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u6cc/saturday_share_im_coolcrosby_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/)  I too was suicidal but I made it back.  I celebrated 5 years of sobriety in August and I'm employed healthy and pretty happy.  I was able to get to where I am now by doing the [things I describe at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/).  I hope you join us.  PM me any time.
It sounds like you have put up with as tremendous amount of suffering yet you are still with us - that's wonderful. ..My life used to be so messed up. I could say that a lot of it had to do with the cards I was dealt in life - there is a lot of mental health and addiction issues in my family history. It is like the universe had given me this huge ball of tangled string (handed down from generation to generation) that I could either begin to unravel or make worse and hand it on to the next generation. It took me awhile to get there but I started to unravel the mess and my life got better. ..Stopping drinking did lead to some improvements in my life but in some ways things got worse for me because I had to face the real problem - my thoughts. I have also suffered from depression and anxiety until I started to realize (in my case) they could actually be a gift. This mental suffering has forced me to find a better way of living and it has led me to a level of happiness I never knew was possible. Could the same be true for you? 
Hi 56 years old. I understand the consequences. They can certainly be overwhelming and it can take a tremendous effort to "clean up the wreckage of the past"...The best thing? you do not have to keep creating wreckage and in time it is done. Surprisingly soon too...I think that you sound like someone who is more than willing to work on staying sober for a while it is well woorth every bit of effort. ..I do know that there is not a damn thing you can tell us that we haven't heard and done ourselves. ..The best part? You dont have to live like this anymore and every day it will get just a little bit better...Remember how you eat an elephant one bite at a time.
You are right to want to shed the shame - it wants to kill you...I too was all alone in my misery and progress always slipped away...This place will open your eyes a support group like smart or AA even more so...  Get used to the idea of doing the formerly impossible on a routine basis...  It will get better.....
Wow. Okay that's where you are today. Everyone has a starting point. Yours is really something. And it may take years to get out of it. But you can start to make some improvements even little ones each day. You're sober! My God that's a huge thing! Allow yourself to appreciate yourself give yourself permission to heal. I know you have an awful view of yourself but that doesn't mean we do. We've all done awful things. We accept you for who you are today and are here to support you as you start taking steps to be something greater tomorrow. We love you. Do something for me find the movie "The Days Of Wine And Roses" it's an old film it's probably on netflix or YouTube or something like that. It's one of Jack Lemmon's greatest roles and really introduced the subject of alcoholism to the world. It is still an amazing film and it will hit home on a gut level. It made all the difference in the world to me..Please check in and post something each day about how you're doing...okay?
Please go back to AA take the steps and don't let anybody run you out. I don't see one thing in your life that going back to drinking would help and there have been people in your shoes and worse recover to a degree I would not have believed possible had I not seen it with my own eyes. You can do it too one day at a time with the resources that are available in AA.
i know there's more experts here to comment and give feedbacks..but i just wanted to say i read your writing just because and didn't stop till you finished your writing...i think you were meant to be a writer not a prostitute
It makes me sad when you say that prostitution is a good fit because you loathe yourself.  I can only hope that as you continue to stay sober you'll see that you have great value and that you can forgive yourself for the past.  I'm glad you felt this was a safe enough place where you could be honest with us.  Keep checking in!
