-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ng4rz/30_day_challenge_reflection/

I was a heavy drinker that drank out of boredom and lack of friends for the last five years.  Back home I drank heavily most nights but with friends so I never really thought it was a problem.  I started questioning the amount I drank when I kept drinking almost every night after I moved and was doing it alone.  Even when I questioned my drinking I didn't feel like stopping or cutting back because ... the boredom.  ..After becoming a bit more educated about what excessive alcohol can do to our bodies while watching a family member struggle with alcohol related illness I became motivated to take a bit of a drinking break.  I decided I'd take a month off from drinking.  ..So I am 33 days without a drink now.  I'm not really sure how I feel about my future with drinking.  I didn't have a problem going these 33 days and I don't plan or expect to drink for the next few weeks. Maybe I will drink when I am home for the Xmas holiday and see my friends and maybe I will drink all night and feel like crap the next day.  Or maybe I will stay sober the whole time.  I have not made a plan for how I will handle vacation right now.  I'm not asking for advice about that but I'm always open to free advice free insight and personal stories.  :)..The most important thing that I've learned for myself right now is that I'm not  bored.  Even on boring nights where I'm just watching TV or doing the same stuff I'd have been doing while drinking all night ... the default of being sober isn't boredom.  That's important for me I think.  I feel stupid that I didn't know or accept that before.  ..To end on a light note I think the last 33 days not drinking have been very easy for me (quitting smoking was easy years ago I do really good when I mentally commit to something).  The thing that got me thinking about it today is ... I just got a tooth pulled and apparently I'm not allowed to have soda-water.  I had a mini-crisis over that and I just had to laugh it off.
----------immediate responses--------

This appears to be your first SD post with your username since I have no history of your consumption habits leading up I'm glad you took the challenge and hearing how it went.  If you are able to moderate successfully that's great I was a miserable failure at moderation.  Needless to say you are welcome to stick around as long as you want. Cheers!
Hey I did this exact same thing last year. I had also moved also started drinking alone out of boredom too much and too often. I decided to do a 30 day challenge to get my act together and re-introduce alcohol into my life in moderation during which I realized that I didn't miss drinking at all. When I didn't think of it as an option the struggle was gone and I just found other things to do instead. However when I tried to reintroduce it back in to my life it took about 6 months to put on 15lbs and be right back where I started. Now I have decided to quit for good and am really ready to be done with drinking. I hope you can figure out what works for you and congrats on the 33 days!
I can relate.  I haven't really had any problems about taking a drink.  In fact my drinking buddy came to the door last night with beer.  After he drank his beer and the one he brought for me I offered what I still have in the fridge.  He was kinda taken aback.  I said I still have 3 more cases in the basement!  ..I drank out of boredom.  And to be sure to fall asleep when I went to bed.  Now that I'm OK with being bored and have accepted the fact that I will think of about a million different things for about an hour in bed before falling asleep I'm ok without alcohol...congrats on 30!
