-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ngk1p/the_start_of_my_new_social_life/

Hey everyone I just wanted to drop in and share a little accomplishment I experienced last week. I went out and shot pool with some coworkers. It's nothing to brag about but for me it's a sign that things are getting better. My anxiety was through the roof but I said I would go and I actually showed up (mini accomplishment number one: conscientiousness--I actually did what I said I was going to do). I was beyond nervous about actually interacting with those folks outside of work because...you know...intimacy but I tried to be open and not turn everything into a joke (mini accomplishment number two: authenticity--I had genuine conversations and didn't try to hide behind my sense of humor or my fa ade of charisma). And I did this without drinking. We were right next door to the bar I went to most often and I didn't even think about drinking (mini accomplishment number three: sobriety--I dealt with my anxiety and tried to work on improving myself instead of wrecking my life and my future by drinking). Since then I have slowly been trying to connect with other people more; that night of shooting pool was a huge confidence boost. The other day someone actually referred to me as a friend and I nearly cried because loneliness has been such a tough thing for me to overcome (mini accomplishment number four: I a grown-ass man didn't cry at work). All in all I'm proud of myself and I haven't been able to say that in a long time...maybe ever...If you're struggling just know that things can change with a little help and hard work. And if you're wondering I still suck at pool despite being sober.
----------immediate responses--------

We're all proud of you too. I know how you feel getting choked up at a friend comment. The other day the curator at an aquarium where I volunteer alluded to the possibility of hiring me when I finish grad school. I'm so used to feeling invisible I was shocked that anyone picked me out as being notable much less think I was doing such a good job they would actually consider hiring me. I don't know why I come up with such self-deprecating stories in my head I'm working on that :) Nice job not crying at work...thats generally a plus.
 http://i.imgur.com/5PDa0A8.jpg 
When you see the self growth that stopping drinking gives you how awesome is that! Good job working through your anxiety I know how crippling that can get. You should be proud good job
Thanks for this. It's a really great reminder of why I'm not going back to drinking. And congratulations those mini-victories seem like the start of huge life-changers!
Wow...good for you. This was quite inspiring for me as I also have been isolated since the drinking got serious. It has been like 15 years since I have been anyone's "friend." I also have hidden behind a sense of humor my entire life. It is getting old. Thank you for sharing this. It gives me hope that one day I might have a true friendship other than my wife.
Great post!
Glad to read this. Good job man it keeps getting better. This is the thing drinking has taken from us; it took our ability to have normal emotional reactions. Now that you're sober people will like you!
