-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nicex/update_first_aa_meeting/

I put this in the comments of my original post (http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ne2j7/first_aa_meeting/) then I realized it would just be buried in there...I did it!!! It takes 30 min to walk there and it was freezing cold and super rainy tonight but I made myself go mostly because of this thread :) I'm so happy I did. I feel like I have been going through the motions of living responsibly lately waiting for my emotions to catch up. I am going through a breakup am heading in to my last semester of grad school and have no idea where I'll be or what I will do afterward. I haven't really been able to talk to anyone about my struggles with alcoholism. I'm not sure I even fully came to terms with it myself until recently. I have been in a lot of pain and finally tonight I felt...understood..There were a LOT more people than I expected at least 30 women. There were two birthdays (3 and 12 yrs) so most of the meeting was focused on that and they both spoke to me and told me how happy they were that I was there. I got two milestones and I clutched them in my hand for the whole meeting and trip home. They asked if I would like to share but all I managed to say was that I would try to share quickly because I would get choked up. I barely managed to squeak out that I was so relieved to be there and happy that I found such a wonderful meeting at which point I lost it. I cried someone gave me a tissue someone held my hand. I didn't say anything else and practically ran out afterward after some hugs. I'll be back next week...I'll have one month without drinking next time I go does that mean I can raise my hand for a token? Or does it have to be one month with AA?..Edit: nonsensical autocorrect issues.
----------immediate responses--------

Chips are usually give for time sober not time in AA. I think you should definitely take a chip...Congrats on one month glad you found a meeting you like.
Congrats. Happy you went...All meetings are different but its pretty typical that chip meetings give out 24hour 30 60 90 day chips. Then after that I believe it's every year. ..As someone who used to hate the idea of going to AA and now really like it I'm really happy you went and enjoyed it. Good luck!
Awesome...congrats!
NICE.  Thank you for sharing and good job on sober footwork.
So happy for you thanks for the update
Great job /u/afathobbit !!! I didn't really know how to speak either. I knew how to yell and scream but normal conversation? No :( Just keep on going back and things will get better!  .  .PS. There is more than 1 meeting a week and some of us go to multiple meetings a week :D
Good for you I am delighted you went.  Sounds like you found a good meeting.  You deserve the chip and you earned You don't have to attend AA have a month sober.  Well done.  ..
Congrats.   Chips are sometimes offered every meeting but also often only on the last meeting of the month...and yes you are entitled...If someone gave you her number call say an internet stranger said to say you are "just practicing". They will laugh you will have someone to say hi to at the next meeting and the practice could save your butt
That is awesome!! I know people who collect a month chip at every meeting they go to in that week. Why? Don't know don't care if it makes you feel good about yourself enough so that you want everyone to know I see nothing wrong with that! Personally I got and put in a tiny frame my 24hr chip with the date 8/29/2013. I've never picked up another that one holds the most value to me. 
What a great story. Thanks for sharing that.
Hey good job on the 25.  I am very proud of you!
