-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nnxa2/something_came_to_me_last_night/

Its not about wanting to stop drinking but wanting to be sober that makes a difference. ..I spent most of the early part of recovery focused on not drinking. Which is exactly what I needed. I have gone through a few relapses and each one has helped me immensely understand how alcohol had been a mask for much deeper personal and emotional issues. Nothing earth shattering about that. I kept focused - managed to get right back on track every time. ..There was one difference recently. I stopped thinking of my recovery as simply not drinking but rather wanting sobriety. A sober life. May seem like a small difference but i think its an entirely different emotional perspective. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. Yep I would agree with this. Heavy and frequent drinking is the symptom of something else in my opinion. It doesn't have to be something dark and twisted always but there is a reason we prefer to hide from reality. Living sober means creating a reality as much as I can control of course that I'm ok being in without chemical help. It's creating a life worth living. Nice post. :)
&gt; Its not about wanting to stop drinking but wanting to be sober that makes a difference...Wow what an insight at 4 days!!  Good for you.
Totally. I took me a long time to realize that - and I think I'm still realizing parts of it today. It's great that you're getting this at 4 days - and there are so many more great things coming! Good luck and keep posting!
That is exactly right! I realized it last year after a couple failed attempts...then I had to do a lot of work to start building the sober life that I want and that now acts as the foundation of my sobriety. But it's worth it! It's still not easy but every day now I'm continuing to become all kinds of things that are incompatible with being a drinker.
It is a very good insight.  This change in thinking occurred at some point for me and it did feel revelatory.  It changed things and made them easier. This outlook has stayed with me since and it's one of the things I lean on when I contemplate the idea of drinking again.  ..Have a lovely day.
Yes. For me that insight turned recovery from a fight against alcohol to a fight for what I wanted. That's when my recovery really began.
In a way stopping drinking is the simple part. It's the fixing the sources of your twisted logic which made drinking the answer - that takes work. But it can be fun work ..And it gets you something drinking never did.  Serenity.  
Yes! A hundred times yes!
This rings true for me spot on!
Having a drink means you have to give up being sober. Once you start liking sober that starts to be a higher price that maybe you don't want to pay.
Thanks for the positivity!  Keep up the good work! :)
The power of positive thinking :)..Someone should write a book on it...
I would very much agree with this and I don't know if it occurred to me as plainly as it did to you.  ..This pretty much sums up my current situation and sobriety.  If I had tried to just quit drinking again I think I would be depressed miserable and cranky.  Just a dry drunk likely blaming everyone for my not being able to drink anymore.
Your post hits home for me. While txting with a former party buddy who was asking how my recovery was going I was happy to report that I was still sober.  ..Earlier that same day I was out running errands and when I was pulling up into my driveway out of nowhere I thought well I'll be drinking later tonight then I remembered no I won't be drinking because I quit.  Not sure how to describe the miliseconds of thinking that followed other than I parked and went inside happy and not thinking of running up to the convenience store.  ..So in our txt messaging he revealed that even though he quit after going to prison for his problems he still thought of using everyday.  ..I realized I want to be sober and clear headed that's why I quit along with other reasons but mostly sober clear headed and present in the moment(s.)
This x 100!..Wanting a sober life- which in my case has turned out to mean continual spiritual and emotional growth is exactly what keeps me coming back.  My life continues to transform in sometimes unpredictable and always ultimately wonderful ways...I'm an AA person - a friend from one of my meetings likes to talk about learning to own and operate a great big life.  That's what I want.
