-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nwvbv/mommys_little_helper/

I have been doing some research okay that sounds way too official some reading some curiosity indulging on othe epidemic of alcohol and mothers and the information is startling.  I read in one place that 40% of mothers admit to using alcohol to cope with parenting and though I have no statistics to back this hypothesis but I feel like it may be correlated to when women started entering the workforce.  ..What's my point my beloved SD well I'm not a mom (yet) but I am a woman that struggles with this expectation (primarily self-imposed) that I am to work 40+ hours outside of the home and then still maintain the home.  I run myself ragged trying to have it all and I coped a lot with alchol or maybe I hid with it.  ..Someone recently had posted that they couldn't think of one thing they did while drinking that was as fun or more fun sober.  Cleaning toliets certainly less fun sober.  ..I love working.  I always expected to be a working woman.  I like cooking I don't loathe cleaning.  But my husband feels no such obligation to the house and the chores forgets that dinner is a standard staple until it's hours past when it should have been planned.  He feels no such pressure or obligation regarding the keeping of our home.  It's that comic strip about when a woman says she's going to bed she does 10 more tasks before laying down and when a man says he's going to bed he does just that...I have nothing but love for men and I don't believe all men feel no obligation to household chores my husband willingly participates it's just not on his radar as a priority until I bring it up.  ..So if alchol isn't going to be my little helper my escape my hobby my friend in this perpetual cycle of guilt and obligation what replaces it?  .
----------immediate responses--------

My relatives with chidden certainly do love the wine...Maybe you could make two lists of responsibilities and let go of his? I don't know. I have a feeling that letting go is a big part of this process on many levels...Part of my keeping busy has been making lists to check off. I always include "make a list" on there so I'm already ahead of the game. 
So there's a lot going on here and first off: internet-hugs to you. I was raised with the same societal expectation that I'm obligated to do the housework all of it no matter how many hours I'm putting in at the office. That same bullshit. And that's what it is: bullshit. You're a human being there are only so many hours in the day and you deserve a life you deserve to relax you deserve time to yourself. ..You know where your husband does have an obligation? To *you*. He's obligated to be your support your friend and your partner which means he's obligated to wash the damn toilet and cook meals and work alongside you like a freaking adult. Does he know that you consider alcohol your only help to get through life? Does he know that he's not making you a priority? ..I do recommend taking just as a casual gauge since it's not an exact science the alcoholism assessment linked in the sidebar. I started drinking heavily as a form of self-medication and when the need for the self-medicating ceased the alcohol dependence didn't. Stress and drinking can be related and linked but they are separate things. Dealing with one doesn't mean the other will go away but it does make it *possible* to deal with the other. 
My wife scrubs away dirt. I organize and de-clutter. We could both spend a day cleaning the same areas and not feel like the other accomplished anything. One of the best things my wife and I did was take the money we were spending on marriage counseling and hire a cleaner. They come every two weeks scrub and scour and save us many arguments. We straighten before so they can be efficient. Its a total luxury but so worth the reduction of fights...I'm not sure cleaners are your solution. But some careful thought about where the biggest differences in perception and expect ation might be. Address the gaps obliquely rather than trying to force either or you to change.
Fitness health dreams solutions security and peace.
Your husband. You don't need a little helper you need your partner. Marriage is supposed to be a partnership. An overload of anything is a burden no matter how much you enjoy it and the demands placed on you by others and yourself are unreasonable. .He's being passive-aggressive about not being responsible unless you tell him and doing things so badly or late that you don't bother asking him again. You've had a very quiet power struggle and you lost. It's set you off drinking and it will end your marriage eventually if you don't fix that. Sit down and make a rotating chores list with him. By alternating chores you will both be forced to carry equal weight. If either of you want to negotiate for a preferred task make sure the trade is equal. If you want to hire a maid to reduce the burden on both of you it's a shared expense. If that process doesn't go well go see a marriage counsellor.
My husband is the same way with dinner. It completely escapes his thought processes until he is starving. I am the total opposite: I have meals planned at least two days in advance and do all the grocery shopping...That being said he takes care of the yard the fixing of broken things and tidying up at night. I take care of the rest...My little helper? Music and rewatching the wedding episode of Outlander.
I went to Alcoholics Anonymous
