-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o15ct/taking_a_break/

I just want to give an update and share some of my thoughts. I hope this post doesn't offend anyone...I've been spending way too much time on reddit (using this account and a few others for other subreddits). It's not really surprising. I have a tendency to get drawn into a new hobby or activity and channel incredible amounts of time into it. This aspect of my personality has sometimes served me well but it can be quite bad for my mental health...I refresh /r/stopdrinking dozens of times a day and I really have to wonder what I'm gaining by doing this. I find myself getting emotionally invested in how many upvotes I get and when I actually type that out it sounds absolutely ridiculous to me. I feel like I'm not really using this site as a recovery tool anymore. I'm using it to escape from other problems. I have several personal matters that I need to take care of before the year ends and I find myself thinking "Well I never got around to scheduling my eye doctor appointment but hey at least I'm still sober."..I know I'm never going to drink again. I used to worry about relapsing because I thought that was something that I was supposed to do. I keep trying to write a paragraph explaining why I'm so confident that I'm not going to drink but then I think about why I'm doing that. Why am I so wrapped up in seeking approval from people I don't even know? I just need to do what's right for me and that means not spending so much time sitting at the computer...This is a great community and I am very thankful that I found it. I will continue to check my PMs for a bit and perhaps post an update when I hit one year. Maybe I'll come back regularly at some point in the future. But for now I need to walk away.
----------immediate responses--------

I read that it's very common for those who successfully recover to throw themselves into another activity or activities with the same kind of obsessive zeal that they had for drinking. It could be SD or AA or yoga or painting unicorns...sounds like it's time for you to find something else!
I can relate.  I think that it is similar to me getting wrapped up in Facebook--if I have down time at the doctor's office waiting in line whatever I would check Facebook and half the time I check it I am annoyed.  And yeah if I post on FB how many "likes" do I get?  It is ridiculous and such a waste of time...After discovering this site I check Facebook less and check this subreddit more which I think is a good thing because it involves people being REAL and they are revealing themselves.  And I can relate to all of the posts and I appreciate the wisdom of those who try to help.  ..Here is my take on this...you just need to find some other things to do with your time things that are going to be productive and help you to remain SOBER and HAPPY.  I think that checking this subreddit is important to do when you are struggling with whatever...emotions relationships and of course staying sober.  I hope you have a good day quirkyperson.  
Maybe just try not taking yourself so seriously. You act as if walking away from this is like the final scene of Casablanca. Just don't go on it for a few days. Or maybe everything in your life is like your addiction to booze. I've been told some people are like that it's hard for me to relate though. 
Good luck /u/quirkyperson -- keep doing what you're doing and we'll see you at 1-year.
I can relate to being affected by up/down votes. If it were on topics not so painfully personal like /r/AdviceAnimals or /r/news then I could shake it off easier but we often pour our souls into our posts and to be downvoted hurts...Here's what I did. I used a Chrome add-on called Stylebot to edit the CSS of reddit so I don't see any vote counts or karma. I have no idea how much karma I have and it's helped a lot. Now I just try to connect to others and offer my thoughts when I can...http://i.imgur.com/zWiIScI.png..Anyway I hope you find a balance that is right for you and look forward to your future posts whenever they might be. :)
[deleted]
Good luck finding the balance you need. I'll look forward to your update in  116 days (or before).
