-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o3lfw/well_here_goes_nothing/

hi I'm 29 i live in Oregon surrounded by famous wineries and breweries i've been drinking since i was about 17? and i think i had better cut it out. i think this because i notice that i feel sick and anxious for TWO WHOLE DAYS now after drinking and because if i have one drink i absolutely cannot stop myself from drinking more and i will drink anything that isn't nailed down until it is all gone and then pass out. "one glass of wine" ALWAYS turns into an entire bottle every single time. that's not great!...HOWEVER. i am pretty sure i can do this. i quit smoking six months ago and that was just weirdly simple i don't miss it at all and i didn't struggle even in the slightest and i'd been smoking for a decade too so i'm hoping this will be a similar story? here's my battle plan:...- read that allen carr book you all love so much (i read the smoking one and it really helped) ..- dump out the remaining vodka in the bar cart it isn't even good vodka whats wrong with me? yuck..- get over being so weirdly embarrassed about this and tell my best friend who i'm sure will be endlessly supportive and helpful..- lurk/post here..- use a days tracker app like i did for smoking that helped a lot..- i use an ecigarette instead of smoking maybe i should adopt a non-alcoholic beverage to drink in the evenings like kombucha? i know a girl who quit drinking beer and started drinking just kombucha and she said it helped. did i mention i live in oregon..- get some more exercise? would that help? god i hate exercise ..- maybe even go to a meeting? i've never been and i always kind of assumed they were for weak-willed people until i started contemplating quitting myself and now they sound kind of appealing. is there a portland sobriety group that is NOT religious that anyone can recommend?..i'm not even sure what i'm posting this for i just felt like making some sort of declarative statement. i guess i do have one question but it is sort of embarrassing and i feel kind of weird asking it i'm wondering if any of you have any advice about having sex when sober for the first time? that sounds pathetic but its true- i have had a lot of sex with a lot of different partners but i have always been drunk which i imagine helped me a lot but now i'm picturing sober sex and it just seems... awkward? it seems like it would be like having sex with all the lights on and the TV on CNN or something just totally not sexy. i'm sober now obviously and the thought of sex just isn't even remotely appealing at all and it never is unless i've had many drinks. i'm a hetero cis woman in a monogamish relationship with a hetero cis man if thats important at all. so ummm. anyone else go through this weird transition? oh and also weed gives me mad anxiety so i can't just switch to that for sexytimes unfortunately. :( i'm sure i could just tell my partner and he would totally understand but like... then what?..anyway i made a list of pros and cons and i already googled "celebrities who quit drinking" for inspiration and looked at the ENTIRE slideshow and we all know thats basically the most important step so i think i'll be fine ;) ....thanks in advance if anyone has any advice about my weird question and also thank you all for taking the time to even read this and thank you for being here in this community its very strange but i already feel like i have the support of a bunch of random strangers on the internet even before posting this and its super helpful? the internet is weird man 
----------immediate responses--------

