-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o483x/curious_how_i_spent_the_first_40_days_of_my/

Here she is: my whole life from June 1st 2011-July 6th 2011...[First part of my day](http://imgur.com/geqLXAZ)..[Second part of my day](http://imgur.com/wYCKRsm)..Structure. Structure. Structure...Want more?..These are the guidelines for Homewood...DON'Ts..1. Don't bring alcohol or illicit drugs onto hospital premises...2. Don't use over the counter drugs or prescription medication...3. Don't use any substances containing alcohol ie- mouthwash cough syrups or wine tipped cigars...4. Don't take Communion at church without first checking to see if wine is served...5. Don't wear clothing with logos pertaining to alcohol drugs gambling or sex...6. Don't become involved in exclusive or sexual relationships with other patients. (Side note: they watched everything. If you started to hang out with one person and not anyone else you will be spoken to.)..7. Don't engage in any relapse behaviour associated with the active use of chemicals. ie- do not go to licensed bars restaurants beer/liquor stores or pharmacies. Also do not enter any locations or events involving active gambling)..8. Don't talk about information shared by others in group or outside of group...9. Don't clean out your house by yourself. Ask someone to be with you or arrange to have it cleaned out before you go home...10. Don't self-medicate. Don't try to alleviate any symptoms of illness pain or feelings with any form of medication drops sprays inhalers etc. Contact your Homewood treatment center before using any medicating substances...11. Don't act in a threatening or disruptive behaviour towards others....There you have it folks...DO's..1. DO attend 2 meetings while at home on a therapeutic weekend pass and arrive back at Homewood to check-in with your nurse and attend the Sunday evening meeting here...2. DO collect phone numbers and engage in 12 step Fellowship Meetings...3. DO pick up a copy of the AA Big Book NA Blue Book or GA Book and read regularly...4. DO journal on a daily basis...5. DO attend all scheduled components of program and participate actively...6. DO ask for help from staff and your peers...7. Find and utilize a temporary sponsor while at home on weekend passes...8. DO communicate socialize and express your feelings...9. DO eat 3 meals and include healthy snacks daily...10. DO try to get proper sleep which can start with going to sleep and getting up at approximately the same time each day...11. DO include prayer meditation and time out for your each day...12. DO avoid slippery people places and things...13. DO limit your use of computers both at home and while in the hospital...14. DO incorporate leisure activities exercise and FUN in your program...15. DO report any threatening or disruptive behaviour that is directed towards you.
----------immediate responses--------

This is very interesting to me. I quit drinking recently without a rehabilitation program. Not for lack of want or willingness but a lack of availablility. When I read perimeters like these I sometimes wish I was engaged in a similar program. I have been keeping a rigid schedule or work/ gym/ and bi-weekly meetings but that is all. Some or the items on the "don't" list seem a little rigid and hard to understand- like no sexual activity and no cleaning your house on your own. However I'm under the strong impression that the people that run these programs know what they are doing. You can't argue with results...It seems that structure and sober people/ sober places is a recurring theme in early recovery. Thanks for posting this. 
Great post VE!..I'm surprised that vitamins aren't specifically listed. From what I understand there's a "vitamin mentality" prevalent in rehab circles and this mentality is largely a continuation of addict-style thinking.  I have not heard of many non-Scientology run rehabs that allow vitamins.  Did they address the vitamin issue at all?
Thank you for this! 
These are safeguards which clearly indicate an understanding of the power of alcohol and the importance of being protected from it especially in the early days of sobriety.  ..Thanks VE. Very interesting. Impressive too.
[deleted]
This is cool thanks for sharing. It's awesome that you saved this as a memento. ..I have a question. I see it lists "AM/PM MEDICATIONS".  What kinds of meds? Meds to help through withdrawals or just general meds people may have been on before they came in and the place required supervision of medicine intake? 
What are "slippery people places and things"? I mean I can imagine but how would the program have explained them?
Wow how incredibly instructive.
This is neat to see! I always wondered how rehab works. Those 7:00am fitness walks would do be so good for me. 
