-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o4z7x/dreams_about_drinking/

Hello all ..I'm kind of new around here and I haven't really introduced myself yet but I think it's time. I am a 23 year old alcoholic who just passed the 130 day sobriety mark...I started drinking in high school when I was 16. It was always kept pretty chill and me and friends would drink on the weekends. At least that's how I viewed it at the time. Looking back all the signs were there but I never saw it as a problem. ..At 18-19 I took a year off before college to work. This was a crazy time for me. Drugs and alcohol were a huge part of my life and the social scene I was in at the time. The drugs were never more serious than frequent marijuana use and the occasional mushroom trip. (At the time that seemed reasonable to me and I'm glad I experienced it) The alcohol was there as well. It got more frequent and intense. I worked at a restaurant where it seems that alcoholism is actually encouraged. Work my shift sit at the bar drink. Every fucking night. But that's what everyone is doing so it's not bad right? ..I entered college 2 years older than my classmates allowing me to drink legally before most people. Having the ability to purchase alcohol at a moments notice is a huge change and was a turning point in my alcoholism. Now I wasn't spending my time trying to find someone to by me liquor I was spending time drinking it. Spending time and money to drink alone in my apartment. I didn't have roommates so I could basically do as I pleased. No one was around to question my drinking and I kept it close because "It's no one's business but my own!" My first college relationship ended after a heavy night of drinking and me acting like a fool. There were other issues but my drinking is one that shouldn't be overlooked...I would spend money on going out rather than buying groceries. I hit a point where I couldn't afford food and I was struggling longer than I should have. Yet I would still drink when I could. I bought shittier and shittier liquor because it's cheaper and stronger and that's what it was about. ..I felt like shit. It got to a point when I would drink every night wake up hungover drink a monster energy and feel even worse. It was just up and down for a while. I stopped drinking for a month or so. Not that I had choice with no money for booze anyway. I eventually slipped back into it of course and it was just as uncontrollable. Drinking on my on campus job. ..I met a girl before summer who was amazing. She left but we stayed in solid contact. I continued to drink through the summer but then it dawned on me. I had to quit not just for her but for me too. I turned it over in my mind. I thought about my family history and all of the clear signs. My dad grandpa uncles aunts. A lot of people. ..I knew quitting was the only way to truly make something of myself. I knew if I didn't quit before I was sucked down the hole I would be lost and it would be too late. ..So I did. I quit. I committed to myself that I am done. Forever. .I made a facebook status announcing my step away from alcohol which helped keep my accountability. Was it embarrassing? A little bit yes but It's what I needed. I find that people are usually very supportive.  ..I know my story might seem tame in comparison to some other stories here so I hope it's not brushed aside. This community has helped me stay on track so far and It will only help for the future. ..So here's why I came here in the first place. I've recently been dreaming about drinking. Like I will wake up from a dream about a night of drinking and feel terrible. I feel terrible guilt as if I had really drank and threw away all the time I've put in. Has anyone else experienced that? Just curious. ..**TL;DR I used to drink and now I don't. When you dream do drink in them?**
----------immediate responses--------

Totally. I had these for my first year straight basically...Our stories are very similar. Once j reached legal age (19 here in Canada) it was all drink drink drink no food just booze. Spent every penny on it drinking alone. Blown up relationships from being drunk opotunities forever lost etc...Not all my dreams are that of relapse but when I wake up and it dawns that I didn't indeed lose it all it's a good feeling...You can get sober I just turned 22 a week ago and everything in life is better. Better friends and relationships with everyone including family friends and women
[deleted]
Kudos on 130! That's fantastic. Drunk dreams suck some even wake with physical effects I did once. Many know it took me. Decade to get 90 days I was laser focused  few days after 90 I woke shaking sweating looking for empties scared the shit out of me add to that it was Monday morning ugh....not the way I like to start my week! They don't stay dreaming is on a subconscious level tapping into it through meditation  by essentially giving it a louder voice can be of use although just as a mentioned to another insomniac doing it right before sleep often backfires and leaves you invigorated keeping you from falling asleep.
I drink in my dreams all the time and I'm always upset with myself (in my dreams) ive even had a dream where I was drinking and almost to the point of (dream)tears because I didn't want to have to reset my badge on here
I have vivid dreams of drinking and smoking like the insane person I was/am.  It's a relief when I wake up and realize I don't have a hangover and my lungs are clear.
Thanks for sharing your story and congrats on the 130 days. As for drunk dreams for me they are rare but I still have them very occasionally the most recent about a year ago. "Inside" the dream it's disturbing but once awake it's kind of grimly amusing for me. A reminder that the drunk man is alive and well inside me and wants to take over again. Best of luck to you.
&gt; So here's why I came here in the first place. I've recently been dreaming about drinking. Like I will wake up from a dream about a night of drinking and feel terrible. I feel terrible guilt as if I had really drank and threw away all the time I've put in. Has anyone else experienced that?..Super common experience among us. This [link will take you to a post that I wrote after an email exchange with dream researchers about this subject of drinking dreams.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)
