-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2obvwr/first_time_being_offered_alcohol/

Since I've quit drinking I haven't really put myself in situations where I would be offered alcohol or be anywhere near it for that matter.  A few of my close friends know about my decision I have made to quit drinking and fully support me in my decision seeing as they've seen me at my worst they knew as well as I did that I needed to stop before it got any worse.  Anyway aside from hanging out with them I haven't put myself in many social settings outside my comfort zone for quite some time for multiple reasons but the main one being the way I used to use drinking to cope with my social anxiety.  When I was drinking was the only time I felt I could "truly be myself."  I also felt that if I was not drinking I could not function normally and not hold a conversation with someone because my anxiety would take control and I could barely speak without stuttering or stumbling over my words shaking uncontrollably or sweating profusely.  I realize now that that was much more likely just side effects from the alcohol.  While I still struggle with anxiety I have noticed since I have not been drinking how much easier it is to manage it.  Sometimes when I'm in situations I am not comfortable in I still think of drinking to use as a crutch to "loosen me up so I can really have fun and connect with people."  I was getting my hair done the other day (which is an accomplishment in itself for me because normally I avoid going to a salon at all costs for fear of having to talk to people.)  I was a bit uncomfortable as I normally am in situations like these but everything was going so-so.  Most of you know when you go to a salon they normally offer you coffee water tea or whatever they have on hand.  One of the girls in the salon that day had decided to bring wine they offered me a glass I was sitting there thinking "oh its just one glass it'll make this experience much easier to deal with one glass wont hurt."  As I sat there considering accepting their offer I truly started to think about it I started to think about how much it WOULD hurt about how far I've come even though I'm just beginning.  I politely declined and on we went with my appointment.  I actually ended up having a great time talking with the woman doing my hair she turned out to be absolutely delightful!  It made me feel good to know that I can say no and that no matter how hard it seems like life will be without alcohol it does get easier.  I feel better than I've felt in a long time I just wanted to share my story.  Thanks for reading :)
----------immediate responses--------

Oh that was lovely! Loved to read it :) .I'm just beginning too. Those moments are sweet and uplifting... Way to go :) 
Wow a lot of your post really reminded me of myself! I have pretty bad anxiety in social situations and used drinking to make myself more comfortable and talkative. Being in a social situation without alcohol terrified me and I was really bad at it. Within the last few weeks I've really noticed an improvement when it came to making casual conversation. Sounds like you have to! Congrats on 49 days! We're gunna be just fine :)
Good decision!  Best wishes!
