-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2oca8z/stream_of_consciousness_checking_in/

So my sponsor just told me to write out my thoughts. You see I made the mistake of texting him that I think my pink bubble burst a little. I told him I was feeling emotional and he says "write it out in a stream of consciousness" kinda way... Maybe it's suppose to be just for myself but for me it wouldn't be real if nobody read it. So no better place than doing that here I think... thank you for reading this and making it real. Sorry for the typos (apparently my consciousness sucks at spelling and grammar)...So here I sit on a Thursday night not unlike the Thursday night I posted here the first time. The difference is that I woke up sober today and didn't drink today. I drove to work listening to recovered podcast. Been reading the big book and really focusing on the 1st step in preparation for going through it with my sponsor and the podcast just happened to be about the 1st and 2nd step... go figure huh? As I drove I heard an explanation of finding a higher power that was so simple to understand that I started cry (the emotional part). I spent 5 years running around AA/NA when I was in my 20s and you would think I would have found a way to digest this concept by now (btw osmosis does not work for recovery)... I was angry and relieved at the same time. I was afraid of struggling with idea of a higher power again and before this morning I never "got it"... Hearing it explained in a way I can understand and relate to was so relieving but I immediately wished and regretted I didn't understand it sooner (funny how that works). You would think I would be ecstatic and shout it from the rooftops but all I could do was immediately make my "aha!" moment into regret. I have cried a few times during these last 104 days and though I feel like crying a lot and have kicked a few sessions out but this time I balled like a little bitch! It was that uncontrollable kind if you have ever done that you will know that driving on wet winding roads and crying like a little bitch is not awesome. I realize that I will go through some adjustments and have some difficulty with my emotions but damn! Okay gotta admit that this is helping (Darn you sponsor!!!!!!!!!)... ..Okay so I am also struggling with work. I feel like I have been the most least productive I have ever been in the last 15 years. Here's the thing I can't tell if it is my drunk thinking or if I am really being unproductive. Was I productive when I was drinking? I didn't drink during work (a lot) before but was I productive? Today I am really distracted with my thoughts and emotions. I don't seem to be able to focus at all. I hoping this fog lifts and my mind can adjust to what is expected. There is more here I need to address but that's another stream of consciousness ;) - Okay....  I think I wrote it out... Time to reread it and debate posting it... ... ;). 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post! I had the exact same feelings with respect to my job. I changed everything from prior attempts to get sober. in which I failed. I change everything but my height. I loved my field for 20 years it didn't love me back I realized since about 2008 i haven't been paid NEARLY as much as my services were worth. I ceilinged out very early.i finally had to admit to myself that I will never that kind of money again. Adjusted for inflation I was being paid ver near minimum wage and I lived in a very expensive city. I'm being offered LESS than what I made in 97. ..I was done it was almost like battered wives syndrome it would beat me up I'd quit then go back even though I knew it would beat me up again. I'm tired of not being valued....I quit. I'm starting school in January. I'm worth more and I will am up to the challenge to prove it. 
I'm glad you posted it :).Keep it up! 
Dear cdsm's stream of consciousness .Please reevaluate your characterisation of men who cry. Emotions leaking out of your eyes is a sign of strength..Sincerely.The League of Loving Kindness.
Hey - sometimes writing this stuff out just WORKS right? I can totally relate to how you have one thought and then totally try and sabotage it with another thought = "This realization is great!" "Why didn't I have it sooner?" Ha and sad face...I'm glad you're getting some support and here's to continuing to figure out what works for us!..
