-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ofiae/why_its_been_tough/

I'm 13 days in feeling great drinking A LOT of milk(?) and waking up with a big grin on my face every day.. What has been rough is not that there has been alcohol in the house every single damn day but that my husband seems to have accelerated his drinking since I've quit. He says he was always having to watch out for me before and now feels free to cut loose.(Don't worry not buying it).But having him drunk around me is driving me bat crazy and I have had a few good struggles where I think it would help my nerves if I just had a few in order to be around him. Fortunately I have not given in-it would be SO easy.. The constant "crack" of the beer can I can handle but not the constant blabbering and obnoxiousness. .I realize now that I too was this person who really liked hearing her own voice and being in my own little drunk world but now I really like the quiet calm and mind fullness of being sober..Anyway glad to get that off my chest. Been lurking since Day 1..I chose this user name because ironically I used to have a beer coozie that said"Every day is a GIFT; that's why they call it the PRESENT" LOL
----------immediate responses--------

This is very common recovery is often times very difficult on any LTR. I strongly recommend talking about it you need to tell him how you feel if he opens up fantastic. Couples therapy may be very useful later once you have your head wrapped around what you want out of sobriety. Women's meetings are awesome learning from other women the good and bad of it all. I feel strongly that the more you talk and get your feelings out the better. If he is supportive you might tell him that you hear a lot about what recovery does to couples and you love him and don't want that to happen. He has to play a role you and he need to figure out that role great resources to figure out are ALANON therapy there are more Im drawing a blank having been single for the last 6 years..Oh! The milk (?) its very likely the lactose. It's a type of sugar naturally occurring in dairy. MRI studies have shown that the part of our brain exhibits  matching stimuli response from wine that it does from a snickers bar. 
My wife drank for my first few months sober and it was tough. I had to find a safe place in the house there was sometimes major tension and I had to leave on a few occasions. I found that wake house or Walmart were good destinations to kill some time and clear my head. Find a safe place that is my advice. 
Thanks! Glad to be up and not hungover!
