-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ok06c/four_weeks/

I can't quite believe it myself. Honestly sometimes I feel like I'm dreaming. This is the longest I haven't drank for in 18 years. ...Am taking myself out later to see the re-release of 2001 Space Odyssey. Going alone so a little scared but looking forward to it! It'll be a great treat for me :) It'll also be the first time in about ten years I've gone to the cinema sober. I always smuggled some wine in in a water bottle before! Tonight I'll just have water and popcorn (sweet of course!)...This four weeks has had some ups and downs the main downs being tiredness and my recent liver results (thank you SO much sd for the reassurance over those though!) but loads loads more ups than any 4 weeks put together in before I can remember!...My brain is still healing I think so I'm still struggling with my university work a little but it's mending because I managed to be 'with-it' enough at work to be interviewed for the BBC last week. Just seeing myself on TV has made me go 'wow' as whilst I was drinking I'd not have dared because the head fuzz wouldn't have enabled me to articulate myself correctly! Although I do note that all the black tea I drink has made my teeth look a bit stained. Ah well I'd rather stained teeth than booze breath anytime!...Here's to another 4 weeks and beyond!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done Rusty. I to hope to feeling like that in a little less than a month as well. Enjoy the movie and keep up the good work. 
Congrats Rusty! Four weeks is a great accomplishment. Movies are amazingly fun when you are sober. ..There will always be ups and downs I'm glad you're seeing the ups more than the downs now! ..Keep on going! One day at a time! ..(Also as a black tea drinker I chew teeth whitening gum because doesn't matter how much you brush your teeth it will stain! The gum just sort of helps keep the stains away) 
Great job and have fun at the movie!..Psst...maybe you should wear that pink boa there as practice ;)
Oh my goodness my doctor who gave me my crap liver results is at the movie! Said a quick hello. It's water in the bottle honest doc!!
Good work /u/Rusty101114! 
Congrats! I'm on your heels  :) .
