-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2okdib/day_1_of_my_new_life/

So today I am committing to being an active participant in this journey towards sobriety.  I am 24 and although it hasn't taken me hitting rock bottom with my drinking I am starting to get close.  I have a great relationship that I've almost ruined over late night arguments I don't even remember.  I love my career yet struggle to make it into my office on time due to my late hours with the bottle and subsequent morning hangover.  I''m certified as a person trainer and barely get to the gym anymore because I'm always too tired.  The guilt I've felt around this is immense but was never enough to actually make me do something about it until now...I'm done being a prisoner to my drinking and isolating myself because of it - I have to admit this is something I cannot control on my own.  Beginning Tuesday I am heading to an AA meeting - I'd go sooner but I have finals due the next couple days I need to devote my attention to.  I am also setting up a counseling appointment and I am posting on here because I know you are all a great supportive community and I just want to be able to put this all down in writing for myself...Nothing changes if nothing changes and although I've gone for breaks without alcohol I have to accept that just telling myself not to drink is not enough to keep me abstinent long term.  I do not fear withdrawls as I have only been drinking for a couple days now after a 2 week break and did not suffer any major symptoms in that time...Today is a happy day.  I have so many goals and this is such a pivotal time in my life I'm excited to go back to being the positive dynamic outgoing person I have always been.  I know it will be difficult but I also know I can do it - I've seen so many on here have success and I know I am strong enough to do it as well with support...So thank you all and I look forward to being an active member of this community.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to /r/stopdrinking.  You are about to choose an interesting challenging and sometimes beautiful journey of struggle and rediscovery.  ..You don't have to hit a low "rock bottom" to be an alcoholic and need to stop. I would be what they call a "high bottom" alkie...I've never had a DUI. I am still married. I haven't been arrested. I have a house my bills (barely) get paid. I still have a car. BUT..despite all of these things I could clearly see where I was headed. If I continued as I was I was headed for an alcoholic death. I SHOULD have been charged with at least a hundred DUIs...I just never got caught. I could have killed people. I could have (and tried to) kill myself...so I had to ask myself "How low does it have to go for me to count this as 'rock bottom'?"..Sadly...none of us ends up here on /r/stopdrinking or in meetings like AA because we are truly on a WINNING streak. We come here with lots to work on...and that is why we stay. To support each other and share from our own experience strength and hope to the best of our abilities to help someone else who is also sick and suffering...So I could have waited until one of those things happened (DUI getting fired end up homeless) or I could get help. I chose the latter option and I don't regret it...I'm proud of you for being aware of yourself enough to know the same.  ..Welcome. We're here to help.  Congrats on Day 1!..Mouse
It's really an amazing and crazy journey. I stepped into the rooms at 24 as well just over a year ago with what could be considered not having had a low bottom. There are a lot of people who will be happy to be there for you both in the meetings and on here. You are going to have a lot of support whenever you need it. Welcome! 
I have decided today is day 1 too. Good luck my brother You can pm me if you ever need encouraging words
Welcome!  Sounds like you are off to a good start with a positive attitude :)
Welcome aboard the lifeboat /u/swimmer1990 -- get your breath soon we will hand you an oar.  
