-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2oonlh/a_beer_wont_cause_any_harm/

I had been sober for a long time. Last Friday went on a weekend ride with friends. ..Everyone was drinking I thought 1 beer won't cause any harm. Next thing remember is fighting with my friends who were trying to stop me from more drinking...I left the hotel drunk bought a bottle parked my bike outside a fueling station and finished it. Don't remember anything after that.. Someone stole my wallet helmet phone & gloves... :(...Luckily I had kept keys inside hidden pocket of jacket and filled up tank to full.  ..Now I am too embraced to face any of friends my parents were worried as my phone was off. And my friend tries to contact them...That 1 beer had cost me:..Trust if my friends and family..Lot of money.Had to take leave from office today. .I had put myself in lot of danger...This is the 3rd time I have relapsed in past year. And I have screwed big time...Now I am sick and confused.  ..Don't know what to do....
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Don't know what to do......What have you been doing for your "program" these past three attempts at sobriety?  This is a pretty serious story on several levels.  Have you attempted any formal in or outpatient treatment programs or group/support like AA?
Hey /u/Sober_biker -- you know what to do.  Your response to Nika tells me that you know what to do.  Don't drink today and start working on a recovery program--that's what I would do.
&gt; Don't know what to do......Here are a couple of chestnuts that I have heard that you might find useful:..&gt; BEFORE you have the first drink play the tape through. What happens when you drink? Don't think about the first one think about the last one. ..&gt; If you get hit by a train the caboose does not kill you. Likewise it is the FIRST drink that causes all the trouble. ..Where did I learn these? In the rooms of Alcoholics Anonymous. I do not care if you go to AA or any other program that you can find but I do know that you sound like me. **I could not quit on my own.** But today my little start says that I stopped 1538 days ago. And you are right that has saved me money and relationships while preventing pain. ..Everything you did this time and all the previous times was not enough. Step up your game if you want to save your life. I survived my share of blackouts without killing myself or anyone else but I know that if I relent on my recovery that my lucky streak could end with the next drink. ..
&gt; Someone stole my wallet helmet phone &amp; gloves... :(..I thought you couldn't remember what happened? 
