-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ox99v/alcohol_and_depression/

I get this painful feeling in my gut near the even of the day when I don't drink. Social isolation and drinking were common place for me growing up so its so easy to fall back on that as a comfort even though it may not be very good for me...Yesterday after thinking I should try going without alcohol for awhile I had that feeling inside. I went and purchased a bottle of wine and brought it home and noticed something interesting. The painful feeling in my gut disappeared before I opened the bottle. Just knowing I had the alcohol here tonight gave me nice feelings inside without even having started drinking. Reminded me of pavlov's dog a little bit in a way...My problem with drinking is I have a terrible fear that every day I'll have this depressive hole feeling inside if i don't drink. If I go on a streak without alcohol how can I be so sure my mood will improve?..Also I don't have many close friends so I struggle with loneliness at times too. I find it easy to rationalize self medicating...Sad thing is I've been gaining weight since starting drinking again. I am a flawed individual...
----------immediate responses--------

Depression after drinking is also known as "withdrawal". Get past the withdrawal stage and take it from there. What's the worst that can happen to give it a shot?
We are all flawed individuals. No need to beat yourself up.   It's a long journey to healing with a lot of ups and downs to learn how to build a fulfilling life without alcohol to numb those painful areas...What you may not realize is that the depressive hole must Eventually be dealt with. For me it was first getting sober and learning how to live a so-called 'normal' life day to day...And then slowly slowly we gain those tools and confidence and gather our support from others and we can look right in the eye of the issues we've been drowning in alcohol...Sobriety is Never an all at once healing. It's a life time journey and you only have to deal with one day at a time.
I spent years running away from uncomfortable feelings. Even after I quit drinking I continued to suffer from depression. It took me a long time to understand that the problem was never my mood our feelings but my habitual aversion to certain types of mood. ..When I used to experience sadness or low mood it would trigger all types of negative thinking and self-hatred. By using mindfulness I was was able to experience my changing moods without all the mental garbage and this means I no longer suffer from depression or sadness. I can now function well when my mood is low where before it would have crippled me. I no longer see anything wrong with having low mood it is just part of the experience of being alive. .."If I go on a streak without alcohol how can I be so sure my mood will improve?" ..My mood hasn't improved at all since I gave up alcohol - I also still get days when it is raining outside. My moods haven't changed but my relation to them has. I enjoy a sense of inner-peace no matter what mood I'm in.  
If you are truly an alcoholic the only thing that is assured is that things will get worse if you continue to drink. If you  get sober things will almost certainly get better over time but it is slow for most... Have you been evaluated for depression? ..Have you tried AA or another support group? This could help with your addiction and it is a place where one can make lifelong friends.
[deleted]
Have you considered seeing a doctor? After last time I got heavily drunk I had a chance whilst in bed recovering from terrible hangover to think why this was happening and figured out that maybe I really have a depression and that I was drinking to kill those feelings of sadness inside. The same day I booked a visit and went next day to see a doctor. Turns out I really have depression and doctor has prescribed me SSRI. I've been taking them for over 2 weeks now and I feel much better. That feeling that was triggering my visits in the grocery store has gone almost completely. I wish I did this earlier that would have saved me many years.
A period of abstinence may help you figure out what's causing that deep void. As others have said stopping the sauce is not an instant fix. Removing alcohol does give us a chance to work on underlying issues...My first couple months were a struggle especially with anger and cravings. Then things were good for a while. A couple months later I fell into moderate-severe depression. It took me a while to realize that I could get help. It's working and things are improving...[Depression and alcoholism are correlated](http://www.webmd.com/depression/alcohol-and-depresssion). It's a chicken and egg problem with depression often being the egg. [Working a good program of recovery](http://psychcentral.com/lib/depression-and-alcoholism-five-tips-for-recovery/0003604) helps with both issues.
