-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p2vsz/is_there_a_sub_for_an_alcoholic_and_addict/

Didn't know if there was a sub for people that struggle with being an addict and alcoholic. ..LOL  cause being just 1 isn't hard enough.. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have my own multi of sobriety and recovery related subs and this is the only one I've found that is really active.  There's /r/DrugFree that someone said they were trying to revive but that was over two weeks ago and there's been no new posts.  Maybe you could help.
I have seen /r/redditorsinrecovery but I have not been terribly impressed with the level of support and wisdom I see there...I get the impression there are plenty of people here who are attempting to recovery from both.  Personally I don't see much of a difference when it comes to recovery...an addiction is an addiction is an addiction.  At least that is my theory.
Most of us are multi-intoxicant swinging through the jungle grabbing one high after another...When I came into AA so many years ago there were still a few "pure" alcoholics but they are now on the threatened species list.
I hear you! Why be one when you can go all out and struggle with both..I was reading an opiate sub the other day and one guy was dealing with his addiction by drinking away the anxiety..Decided that might not be the sub for me;)
I like pills and cocaine too but I find alcohol to scratch that same itch as the others. If it ever bothers me I would share about it here.
You are not alone on r/SD. When I post I type up what I am going through and what I want. When I go back to make sure it makes sense I insert alcohol/booze into where other substances were written. And wouldn't you know it does not change the meaning at all!
Oh yeah I have an addictive personality for sure.  The Wikipedia page on addictive personality is eye opening.  Every time I abstain from one thing I tend to amp up my other bad habits to comfort myself.  I need to quit all the things.
[deleted]
I kicked a terrible coke habit in 2009 and alcohol in 2012. I never anticipated alcohol being far worse altogether. Boy was I wrong. Both were extremely trying and I struggle daily as we all do but at least with coke there are no commercials ads stores around the corner that offer it. Alcohol was more trying for me but when I post in SD or Dino's I am referring to all my addictive behavior/thoughts with both substances/alcohol.
Addict and alcoholic here.  I use this sub. 
