-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p8r82/how_the_f_did_i_get_here/

Hello everyone. I am an addict and an alcoholic and as chance would have it I have been sober 14 years today. I recently discovered this subreddit and have posted a little but haven't told my story. I should probably warn everyone now that it is kind of hard-core AA but what can I say it's what worked for me....When I first heard other people in meetings say that they drank like an alcoholic from the very beginning and I used to think I was different. But the thing is the first time I drank I got drunk. I liked it   a lot. And even though I drank infrequently early on every time I did it was for the same reason to get wasted. Today I view that as alcoholic behavior. I personally can see no other reason to use alcohol. I have no desire to drink like a normal person. Normal drinking is a complete waste of time....To be honest alcohol is not my drug of choice. Although is sounds a bit lame I really prefer cannabis. By the time I was 13 I was smoking it every day. I still have my diary from that time where I wondered aloud to myself whether I was addicted. Interestingly during this same time I was also developing a genuine relationship with God. Every night when I prayed I could feel him there in my bedroom like a physical presence. Deep down I knew that he didn't want me to continue on this road and since he and I were in love I quit booze and drugs for a whole year. Because I felt so close to my higher power I had no real cravings during all those months despite significant peer pressure. ...It was probably no coincidence that this was also the year I took algebra. Math had been easy for me up to that point but for some reason I had a hard time grasping those particular concepts. Night after night I would whine to my father as he tried to help me saying  I don't understand this formula. I don't see how it's going to work.' And each time he would patiently say the same thing  you don't have to understand it right now just use it. The more you use these formulas the better you'll understand them. You don't have to get it all right away.' Many years later when I finally found my way to AA those words would save my life. Because I still don't comprehend how the steps work how they get people sober. But I don't have to understand them; I just know that when I do what they suggest it works. Today that is enough for me.  ...Although that was a very good time in my life I didn't have a plan of action to maintain my spiritual condition so the following year I relapsed (embarrassingly enough at a KISS concert). There was no struggle no thought. Someone passed a joint down the aisle (this was a long time ago) and I took a hit. From then on God was out of the picture and I was running the show....I became a binge drinker/pot smoker and timed my using so as not to interfere with school since it was the only thing I was good at. Early on I established a rhythm of partying hard for a few weeks sobering up to take whatever round of tests and then rushing back to a chemically induced euphoria/oblivion. I was able to make this work for quite a while so I stayed in school as long as possible to keep the lifestyle going. Once after finishing final exams I remember walking alone across campus. Since I was done for the semester I was drunk and stoned as usual. I was reflecting on my life and how great it was. My grades were good. I had lots of friends and a girlfriend I loved - everything I wanted but still there was something missing and I couldn't place exactly what it was. I thought back to those days in my childhood when I had an authentic relationship with my higher power. I didn't feel that emptiness back then. I thought  Maybe that's what I am missing. Maybe I need God.' My heart opened for a split second but then my very next thought was  Yeah but if I let God back into my life He's gonna want me to stop getting drunk and high and everything is going exactly the way I want so why should I change? Nah I don't need Him.' And just like that I was back in charge and off to the races....Ultimately I was forced to graduate after which I was unjustly expected to behave like a responsible adult. Pot slowed my mind so much that I couldn't do my job so from that point onward I concentrated mainly on drinking dabbling in prescription drugs whenever they were available. Since there was no way to stay drunk all the time and have any semblance of a career I tried to limit my drinking to the weekends. Life sober in between those binges was pure torture. Everything that gave my life value my family my job became something merely to be endured while waiting for the next time I could get drunk. For the next several years I lived as a functional alcoholic a miserable purgatory I would not wish on my worst enemy. I hated life for expecting me to live on its terms and I blamed those closest to me for this injustice especially my wife. ...Our third child was born on December 8 2000. There was hydrocodone (which had become one of my favorites) in the house prescribed for my wife. The mental image of that bottle became all I could see. She had it hidden somewhere and since she'd just had a baby I knew it couldn't be stashed too high or too low. I was using all my will power to keep from searching for it since I was still trying to be this good citizen. In a fit I stormed out and left home for two days abandoning my wife to care for a newborn two year-old and four year-old by herself. I drank nonstop until I got back still full of anger and craving. By Dec 13 I was at the end of my rope. Something insignificant set me off and I completely lost it. In my rage I was screaming at my wife and then I spit on her - in front of our two year-old - I spit on his mother. I was horrified. I ran out of the house driving through an ice storm looking for the highest bridge I could find from which to launch my car and rid the world of the malignant son of a bitch that was me. On the way I tried to figure out why I had done what I did. I was trying to be a good person I really was. But no matter what I did I kept getting worse. What had set me off? That's when it dawned on me. It was the craving. In a moment of clarity I was blessed with a lifeline -  maybe you have a disease that you haven't treated yet.'...I took a detour from my suicide and drove to an NA group that I had dabbled in months before. It was 12 noon and this old junkie was there when I pulled up. He'd told his wife when he left that weather like this never stopped him from using so he wasn't going to let it stop him from opening the club and chairing the meeting and thus he saved my life....From there I found my way to AA. During my first meeting I remember crying that I didn't know if I belonged there since I was more addict than alcoholic. A woman after me shared  my drug of choice was whattya got?' I felt a huge rush of relief like air being let out of a balloon that was just about to burst. Other people shared that they had difficulty admitting they were alcoholics since they were binge drinkers. So many times during that first week I heard exactly what I needed. Today I am convinced that my higher power speaks to me regularly through other addicts and alcoholics and if I listen I will always get what I need. ...The next part of my story might be problematic for newcomers so I try to share this carefully. I was so desperate at that first meeting that I asked the first man who came up to me afterward to be my sponsor. Unfortunately he was not the healthiest individual and he ended up asking to borrow $150 from me to help pay his bills. Yes I did give him the money and no he didn't pay me back (that resentment took a little work). After he stood me up for a meeting I fired him and decided I would do this on my own. Ever since that experience I try to gently share with newcomers especially women that you cannot trust everyone in the room even those with long-term sobriety. Most women already know this but I encourage all of them to stick with the other ladies at first. ...After 84 days of trying to get sober through meetings alone I was relieved of my belt and shoelaces and invited to spend a week in the inpatient psychiatric ward. At that point it became clear that I would still die of this disease (and my depression) if I didn't do something different. After I was discharged I found I now had the willingness to get both a psychiatrist and a real sponsor. I called an alcoholic who had been recommended to me by other people I met in the program and he took me through the steps. That is what changed everything. He helped me come to terms with the fact that I couldn't think my way out of my own insanity that the steps might actually be a way out of this trap and if I wanted to let my higher power take over I might consider doing all of them. When I wrote out my fourth step I was finally able to see some of the patterns in my thinking and behavior that were holding me back. (Oh so if you're screaming at the top of your lungs people are actually *less* likely to hear you. And just because you make the hoops you ask them to jump through as big as possible it doesn't mean you're not an asshole.) I learned to forgive myself during step five and then found the humility to let God use other people to make me a better man through six and seven. When I started making my amends the promises began to come true just like the book says. ...When it was time for me to do step eleven my sponsor told me to go somewhere quiet and read pages 86 and 87 in the big book. I was alone in my room thinking back to when I was 13 and I had a real relationship with God how I felt his presence with me every night when I went to bed. And suddenly he was there again his presence flooding into the room much stronger than before. I felt his love pouring over and through me more love than I knew existed and all I could do was sit there and cry. At that moment two words completely filled my mind drowning out every other thought Welcome Back. That was it. Despite everything I had done to myself and His other children no matter how many times I'd tried to drink and smoke Him away He was just happy to see me again. ...Since then I have never been the same. I was able to keep my family and my career and most of the time I am grateful for the privilege of enduring all the hassles of a very full life. Every morning I pray that God helps me live in his will so I can keep growing away from the person I was and toward the man that He intended me to be. Things have been far from perfect but that is OK. This year has been particularly painful and I have taken it as an opportunity to enlarge my spiritual life. Focusing mainly on prayer and meditation I have been able to achieve (I think) a degree of enlightenment. I have been able to let go of much of the anger that I had kept wrapped around myself like so much paper armor. And lately I spend maybe 20-30% of the day truly conscious and present in the moment which for me is huge. I never would have made this progress without the spiritual awakening that was *the* result of doing the steps....In sobriety I found what I spent most of my life looking for in alcohol and drugs. Most days if I take the actions that I know work I can regularly achieve a balance in which I realize that I have everything I need and I want everything I have. .
----------immediate responses--------

