-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p9mcn/hoping_this_may_be_helpful_to_some_of_you/

I drank last night. I'd been feeling good sober despite the drinking dreams and happened upon a bottle stashed in my drinking days. Instinct seemed to kick in and I thought 'better save it that's an almost full bottle right there. Not gonna drink it but it'd be a shame to throw it away. Maybe just one I've been doing so well and it'd be nice to be able to do it normally.' Sequence of events after: Stare at bottle because I really honestly don't feel like drinking any of it. Curiosity and/or alcoholic brain takes over and I pour a tentative sip. Eww it tastes like rubbing alcohol. I try a few more and still blech. It doesn't do anything for me. I try a few more seeking that feeling of relief and comfort that it used to bring. Nope. Nothing. I feel like I am drinking rubbing alcohol for no reason or benefit and then I realize: this quote says it perfectly. 'Alcohol is the cause of and the solution to all our problems.' I was drinking because I became addicted to it - and thus my anxiety and everything bad came from a lack of alcohol and all those could be fixed immediately with a shot. Once I got out of that pattern (out of great cost to my physical mental and emotional help but well worth it. no matter how far down that road you are do it now. you will not regret it.) I've come to realize this for me: craving alcohol creates a problem with an immediate and exact solution. That was what soothed me more than the booze itself (I desperately wanted out of that cycle by the end and it essentially involved burning my life to ashes and starting all over). Now that I've had a few months sober that have been increasingly better and also drank again this is what I learned....Hard alcohol tastes like rubbing alcohol. Why would I be drinking that? Ewww...I gained nothing from it. I think what I gained previously was merely the result of satisfying an addiction. It didn't feel good or satisfying or amazing just a 'why did I do this?'..I truly am happier sober than I ever was drunk. Perhaps my drinking dreams were telling me what I really knew all along since quitting: I don't want to live that life anymore. It may seem foreign at first but I truly believe that life without alcohol is better. I am blessed to have supportive family and friends and I realize not everyone might - but that's what we are here for. I am not asking for a badge reset as it was a lesson learned which firmly cemented my sobriety....For those of you saying 'yeah yeah I don't buy it' - I am a previous fifth a day alcohol drinker who couldn't picture a life without. And I couldn't really relate to the 'sobriety is awesome and life gets better' people - but I promise you - it really and truly does. Once you escape it you realize what a burden alcohol really is. Do whatever you need to do to break free - it's worth it....TLDR - sobriety is awesome drinking is a false trap which brings you nothing and I am an alcoholic with seemingly two different brains at times. Do not listen to your alcoholic brain: it's just a devil trying to bring you down. Gratefully sober this morning and I hope what I learned may help someone who is struggling or questioning or on the verge. It truly is better sober and free.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had a spiritual experience. You're a lucky one. Many people do not come back after relapse...Do you have any plans you're going to set in action in order to prevent this from happening again?
&gt; Once you escape it you realize what a burden alcohol really is...I just posted in another thread about having that a-ha lightbulb moment when I realized it wasn't quitting drinking that was the hard part it was the drinking itself. Fuck that noise. This life as imperfect as it is is too amazing to toil away in that pit any longer...I'm glad you experienced that clear message my friend. Grateful to be sober today with you..
Good plan /u/skittlesthebear.  Let's celebrate a 1-Year SOBER anniversary this time next year one day at a time.
thank you for that
