-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pcvc0/my_partner_is_a_year_sober_she_is_struggling_with/

How can I love and support her without bring crushed by her exhausting and consuming process? She's doing great it's just taken over and it's hard to breathe. 
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely take a wander over to the Al-Anon sub reddit. They'll be able to help you out. Best of luck- she's lucky to have such a supportive partner!
I think how you approach getting sober (no matter what the substance) has a lot to do with how long the process takes. Also the length of time you were high. If the person still has issues that haven't been addressedit very well might be time to consider outside help.
Just an idea here but I just finished Alan Carrs "How to control your drinking"..It was a WONDERFUL BOOK.. I am coming off a drug and alcohol problem and this book certainly talks about both. Really they are different versions of the same old monster...I listened to it on audible... And I am going to take it around with me today. He is an amazing man and it is very clear to me that being clean is a wonderful thing and I do not have to spend the rest of my life fighting with my monster. That is like feeding a troll...His book is so well laid out chapter after chapter he lays out just how many false notions we carry about our addictions...Do you think she might like the book? The link is on the sidebar..Good luck I hope things get more peaceful for you...
Check out /r/Alanon. Alanon is a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. Going to meetings helped me cope with the alcoholism of loved ones. ..It doesn't sound like she's "doing great" though. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Hopefully she is getting support from a therapist and peer support group. 
Yeah I don't know how hard it is to grow up as a teenager because I never did it but I can tell you that it's very painful to do it in the late 20s 30s 40s 50s and 60s. For those intimately involved with alcoholics going through that process AlAnon is the most efficacious method of support in my experience.
