-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2peqb7/loosing_my_self_esteem_i_need_to_let_this_out/

Hello people..First of all thanks for opening this post and this sub in general. It has helped me so much in the past but right now I am struggling so hard...I wrote down parts of my history in another post I just want to outline where I currently am. I'm a student on a semester exchange abroad I decided to stop drinking roughly one month after I moved. This fell together with the breakup from my ex because I didn't feel good about having a long distance relationship. I was in constant worry about what I was doing meaning that I could not think about anything else than her and me. It came with this horrible feeling of dread and panic like the one you have before going on stage or writing an exam. It stayed constantly and after I decided to break up only faded for a short time. ..Then I would go drink because that is what I have been doing since I am 16. I drank and drank and ended up sleeping with someone way above my age. I woke up the next morning in disgust and decided that alcohol has too much of a grip on me. I started to read here in this sub and heavily identified with the stories. At that time I was feeling so desperate and the thought that sobriety could bring me relief was the only thing that kept me going...I made it to 78 days. I come here everyday to remind myself of the pitfalls. The rationalizing and excuses. It gave me hope because I knew I was following a good path. It helped with the many awkward situations that occur when you go through the heavy college drinking culture where I avoided the question why I'm not drinking. I am so sure that I don't want to drink but every time somebody says to me "we should have a beer sometime" my heart starts to pump in a rush and I don't know what to say...My birthday came around one month ago and I stayed sober. I white knuckled through that shit. What made me feel better about myself is that I started to have more energy. I picked up reading literature for my studies because I am preparing for a master's degree. It was actually interestng and I managed to keep on reading. My concentration is still so fucked up but this gave me hope. I am also working on a documentary which is so tough. In a small team which I am leading I went through all of the hardships: people canceling things not working out. Now we are going through the editing part which is like the most heavy aspect. In many of those moments I thought about drinking but I didn't...To come to the point of my post which I hope will give me relieve just by typing it out to someone: a few weeks past my birthday my ex contacted me asking whether I had received her present which I didn't. She also asked me how I was doing abroad. .When the message came in panic grew in me just by reading it. I had been thinking of her almost every day. I missed her so much and I regretted my choices. I think that I messed up the relationship because I ruined my personality with alcohol becoming even more selfish and less empathetic towards other people. Even if I went dating working no matter what. Showering is actually the most horrible part because I am so much left alone with my thoughts. I constantly have this thoughts that tell me how horrible I am. In the past I managed to surpress them but I know what I am doing. I try to keep my face up towards others and it often works. Inside I am tearing up many times...So after some back and forth i decided to write my ex back. And yes I wrote her that I miss her. With what point? I hoped it would give me relieve. It gave me hope but I was so also desperate to get her attention...Now she just wrote me back that she wishes me the best and that she is proud of our time together but she doesn't miss me. I know all of this I know those sentences they are like plot devices or tropes for me. I see the patterns and I know that I have to face this but FUCK. I read this message and almost passed out. I feel like absolute shit right now and the first thought that came to my mind was drinking to numb these feelings. I went to bed and tried to sleep but I can't. Then I opened my computer and started typing. I am sorry about this messy text but it is just how it happened...I am so afraid that I will never get better. That I will never feel good again about myself that I will never find relieve...Please if you have any advice I need it.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. It's good to let this out. Feelings are not fun sometimes and it sounds like you are way too much inside your head. I totally relate. Will think myself crazy sometimes... can't sleep yet always tired lonely but don't want to hang with anyone etc. Negative thoughts can loop endlessly and never lead anywhere. Anyway I think you could use some healthy distraction. Do you have good friends there? Any hobbies that aren't stressful? (making a documentary is really cool by the way!)..It never helps to hear this when you are feeling so shitty but time will heal the feelings about your ex. If you can have some faith in that maybe it will make it bearable until it doesn't hurt so much. Until then I would stay busy stay sober and try to have fun. :) 
My dad told me once the best way to get over someone or to make them regret leaving you is to "Live Better". I take that as a better you than when y'all dated or just be better richer "more fabulous" lol.... ..I'm so sorry I know that pain :(.But you also know that drinking will not help but make you do something stupid like write her a pity email or something crazy you neva know! LOL..Cheer up! We are here for you! Message me anytime :) ..I won't drink today! Let's do it together ;)
That our self esteem is so bound up in other people's opinions and feelings towards us is a core dysfunction.  We have no control over their feelings but give them control over our lives.  ..The only part of the equation you can change  is the amount it controls you... This takes time practice and tools.  Aa and alanon have one set there are other tools.  Find some
