-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pf8ln/learning_after_alcoholism/

So I just finished a precalculus final. Studied my arse off and I'd be surprised if I got a 50% on it. A ton of material and I can't retain information very well (which doesn't bode well for the grad programs I'm now applying to). I'm wondering if anybody out there has tried to tackle difficult subjects after being sober for a decent stretch of time and struggled with memory or learning. I'm not sure if I'm really having  a hard time learning due to a physiological consequence of alcoholism or if I just need to improve my study methods to suit a 29-year old brain.
----------immediate responses--------

I completed a degree and post-graduate studies after quitting alcohol. I've also tended to work in jobs that require a lot of focus.  I do practice mindfulness meditation and this has done wonders for my concentration levels. I'm 45 and my brain is functioning much better than it ever did in my twenties. 
Have you ever been evaluated for ADHD?
I'm in my late thirties and do a lot of geeky computer stuff for a living and for me I can watch my performance deteriorate with my general physical condition. ..When I'm exercising some hydrated sleeping and not all stressed out about something (in other words rarely) I feel like I could easily keep up with my 20 year old self mentally...As more of those things are not true it slips pretty quick for me. Oddly enough I'm not sure that drinking actually affected that part of me as much as the other regular old maintenance unless I was actively drunk or badly hung over while trying to work. 
I literally just finished a quantum mechanics course.  It was the first college class I've ever taken sober.  Its also my last under grad class. It was very difficult  not just due to the subject matter but for some reason it felt like I had to learn to do it sober.  You'd think of would make it easier.  I did get the hang of being a sober student towards the end if the semester.  Also I wouldn't worry too much about your grade as every calc class I've taken had a low average and huge curve. 
I'm in science and I became pretty dumb for a couple of months after I stopped drinking. I'm back on my grind now for the most part but I still have a day about twice a week where I'm on the useless side. Those are good days to work on recovery things
I don't know if this will be any help but I generally consider myself a pretty intelligent person (BSc at University of Michigan working on an MSc now) and the lowest grade I have ever gotten in my life was on a pre-calc exam. I got a 50% but luckily it was the only class I was taking over a summer semester. I studied more for that class than I ever have for anything in my life (until I had to take calc after which I was free of math forever) and ended up with an 80%. There is no way I would have passed the class if I had been concentrating on other subjects at the same time...Maybe it's not you maybe it's just scumbag calc. You're memorizing a lot of info and it IS hard to retain for most people.
Welp got my test results back and ended up with a B in the course which is better than I thought I'd do. 55% on the final so must've been a hell of a curve but I'll take it!
