-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2phso1/what_am_i_even_doing_here/

My story isn't like the ones I've heard at meetings. I don't have many horror stories. Don't think I've hit rock bottom but that has less to do with my taste for booze than it does my cautious nature. My life thus far has been a series of carefully calculated decisions which have helped me avoid the usual consequences of heavy drinking. ..I'm married with no kids and we both work good jobs. Classic DINKs with the disposable income and common sense to call a cab when we need one. No DUIs. Our drinking has never affected our work save for a couple unpleasant mornings here and there. Neither of us have family nearby so our drinking doesn't affect loved ones. We're drinking buddies so it doesn't affect each other. Honestly as far as I can tell there's nothing stopping us from getting shitty every night until the day we die. And yet here I am 37 long hours dry because despite everything else I still want to stop drinking. ..The thing is it almost seems like it would be easier if I had some external motivator. Some Poe-esque pendulum swinging ever closer to my chest. But sans the outward pressure the impetus for change must come from within. And that's where I always falter. I'm a logical fellow and I can't reason myself into an irrefutable argument in favor of sobriety and thus the hamster wheel turns...I don't know why i'm even writing this. The stories here are uplifting stories of struggles overcome and perseverance against all odds. And here I am the world in the palm of my hand still unhappy because deep down I know that I am not the master of my own life. Maybe I'll make it till Friday this week. Maybe one day I'll make it through a weekend and beyond
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Some Poe-esque pendulum swinging ever closer to my chest. ..Ahhh but you do actually.  Here are some of what is swinging towards you:.. - Anemia: Heavy drinking can cause the number of oxygen-carrying red blood cells to be abnormally low. This condition known as anemia can trigger a host of symptoms including fatigue shortness of breath and lightheadedness... - Cancer:  Scientists believe the increased risk comes when the body converts alcohol into acetaldehyde a potent carcinogen. Cancer sites linked to alcohol use include the mouth pharynx (throat) larynx (voice box) esophagus liver breast and colorectal region. Cancer risk rises even higher in heavy drinkers who also use tobacco... - Heart Disease:    Heavy drinking especially bingeing makes platelets more likely to clump together into blood clots which can lead to heart attack or stroke. In a landmark study published in 2005 Harvard researchers found that binge drinking doubled the risk of death among people who initially survived a heart attack... - Cirrhosis:  Alcohol is toxic to liver cells and many heavy drinkers develop cirrhosis a sometimes-lethal condition in which the liver is so heavily scarred that it is unable to function... - Dementia:  As people age their brains shrink on average at a rate of about 1.9% per decade. That's considered normal. But heavy drinking speeds the shrinkage of certain key regions in the brain resulting in memory loss and other symptoms of dementia. .. - Depression:  It's long been known that heavy drinking often goes hand in hand with depression but there has been debate about which came first -- the drinking or the depression... - Seizures:  Heavy drinking can cause epilepsy and can trigger seizures even in people who don't have epilepsy. It can also interfere with the action of the medications used to treat convulsions... - Gout:  A painful condition gout is caused by the formation of uric acid crystals in the joints. Although some cases are largely hereditary alcohol and other dietary factors seem to play a role. Alcohol also seems to aggravate existing cases of gout... - High Blood Pressure:  Alcohol can disrupt the sympathetic nervous system which among other things controls the constriction and dilation of blood vessels in response to stress temperature exertion etc. Heavy drinking -- and bingeing in particular -- can cause blood pressure to rise. .. - Infectious Disease:  Heavy drinking suppresses the immune system providing a toehold for infections... - Nerve Damage:  Heavy drinking can cause a form of nerve damage known as alcoholic neuropathy which can produce a painful pins-and-needles feeling or numbness in the extremities as well as muscle weakness incontinence constipation erectile dysfunction and other problems. .. - Pancreatitis:  In addition to causing stomach irritation (gastritis) drinking can inflame the pancreas. Chronic pancreatitis interferes with the digestive process causing severe abdominal pain and persistent diarrhea --and "it's not fixable" Saitz says...[SOURCE](http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/features/12-health-risks-of-chronic-heavy-drinking)..So yea chronic and sustained alcohol abuse can negatively affect just about every system in the human body.  You are young but if you don't think that pendulum is swinging towards you you are fooling yourself...Good luck.
Interestingly (or not) enough at 37 I was where you were at 37 (plus kids).  No major anything had happened to me life was normal....I "just" drank too often and too much. Life changes happened and life happened.  Fast forward 5 years and I was a complete mess.  Still hadn't lost anything tangible but I had lost my self-respect respect of loved ones and hope for the future.  ..You foresee that nothing is stopping you from getting shitty every night until the day you die but the thing is...you don't know that.  You don't know what tomorrow holds let alone next week.  I agree that it probably is a bit easier to quit when the axe is hovering right over your head rather than imagining it up in the sky somewhere so that's where the internal motivation has to kick in if this is what you truly want.  Or...you could choose to wait until it gets worse like I did.  I hope you choose sobriety.  It's pretty awesome truth be told.  
Welcome caulkpunch! Glad you posted. I just got out of a meeting where the topic was 'willingness' and it sounds like that's the topic here too...It's been my observation that my willingness to do what I need to do is contingent upon how much pressure I'm under. I once heard someone in a meeting express it this way: I move at the speed of pain. So it's no surprise that I couldn't quit until things had gotten pretty bad for me - unemployed unemployable sick broke miserable bordering on some other psychological issues. It took every drink I drank to get me miserable enough to want to make a change...You're lucky. You're seeing the writing on the wall and while you're hoping for much worse you haven't gotten to where you see it yet...In the old days people might have suggested you go to some more drinking until you had some consequences you were willing to run from. Rather than that I want to suggest to you that every horror story you've heard hear *can* be you if you simply give it some time. In AA we call that the "yets." As in: 'I haven't had a DWI (yet).' As someone who rode the elevator down farther than I should have I can promise you that whatever bottom you set you can pretty easily blow though it if you give it enough time. I know because I did...It's not always possible to stop when you finally do see your bottom coming. Sometimes it comes up too fast. Sometimes you're too far gone to do anything. Sometimes you never see it coming and you just end up dead. But you're here and you're getting started which is great because if you don't do this sooner you'll have to do it later. Later is harder and uglier and in the meantime you're simply miserable. Be proud of yourself for taking the smart route out. You don't want to be the kind of smart that I was.
When I quit I had:.- a healthy marriage.- a great job and career.- 2 dogs.- nice condo.- respect of my friends family and coworkers...I looked at myself in the mirror and asked myself wtf I was doing drinking like it was a chore. I had had enough and I quit. I now have everything listed above x10 (except for the dogs) plus a 3-month-old son. ..Maybe look at it as - "what do i have to gain by quitting drinking? what do i have to gain by NOT quitting?"..Good luck!
[deleted]
&gt; My story isn't like the ones I've heard at meetings. I don't have many horror stories. Don't think I've hit rock bottom...Wow these words could've been taken verbatim out of my journal when I first went to meetings several years ago.  I went in an attempt to fix some marital problems at the time.  I went with a completely open mind to learn as much as I could and see if any of this could make me a better person.  I never did consider myself one of them but I've since learned that not everyone's story/reason for being there is the same but that doesn't mean we don't all need exactly the same thing.
You may be disregarding or just not thinking of some of the effects of drinking. You started to admit that it was affecting your work by missing days or just not being productive sometimes. I know for me at least it affected me by not spending as much quality time with family and friends. And there's the obvious health concerns. ..It might appeal to your logical side to think of it as opportunity cost. What are you missing out on by drinking every night? How could you be improving yourself in that time?
Thank you this is how I feel life is good it could be wonderful if I didn't keep waking up with that nagging feeling that my unconscious is telling me "it's time".
