-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pjtp7/im_not_dead_yet/

They told me that I likely would be dead by today..I had a 65% chance of dying within five years..Well today marks five years and I'm still here..I have a disease that took a full month of medical care to put into remission. I nearly died twice before I went to the hospital and frankly I was ok with that..I was out of full time work from December 2007 until November 2010. I did consulting work in 08 and did well then the economy tanked in September and I worked a total of four days in 2009 and zero days in '10 until I started my current job teaching jets. During all of that free time I read and surfed the net and enjoyed my cocktail hour then hours then days then weeks then months. I had nowhere to be so...why not have a little something to warm the body? .Picture all of the things that you've heard that out of control addicts do. I did them all. I got to the point that I *Had* to drink to keep from having severe withdrawal symptoms. I'd have to wake up at 7 to have a big glass of booze so that I would stop shaking enough to sleep for a couple of more hours..I went to a doc and told him I needed to quit and asked for some meds. He said given the amount I was drinking I would have to detox in a hospital. When I said that I would just stop cold turkey he said sternly that considering the amount that I was drinking if I did stop I would at best have severe seizures but since I lived alone I would very probably die from a seizure..... Great..I detoxed in a place that a friend who's brother was an addiction counselor recommended.They were great and it was painless...thank you Ativan!! I spent a week there and then transferred to another facility for another three weeks...It was grown up sleep away camp with drugs and AA meetings. They got me stabilized to the point that I could be on my own. They also told me that only 35% of people at my level of addiction live for five years after detox..So here I am..My AA friends remind me that my relapse is waiting for me around the next corner and I always keep that in mind..I wanted to reach this benchmark before I said anything here and I know that few things in life are more tortuous than listening to a convert prattle on about how great their new *thing* is but this is my little victory celebration. I have been focused on today and I wanted to be able to share my little "yay me party!" with you..Cheers!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! Thank you for sharing your story.
most righteous. :-)
Yay!
This is much more than a "little victory celebration"!  This is awesome considering what it sounds like you've come from.  Congrats and keep on living!  
Well done mate one day I hope to be walking in your shoes.
Powerful story.  Thanks for sharing this with us.  
Congrats well done
Bravo!
What a story. Thank you for this. Not "little"!
So happy to have you here! Though I do throw a lot of shade on the idiot who told you this: "They also told me that only 35% of people at my level of addiction live for five years after detox. "
Fuck...Ing..Out..Stan..Ding
