-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pokqv/realizing_the_harsh_realities_of_being_a_drunk/

Hello SD I'm approaching 6 months of sobriety and I can't express how awesome it is to be sober. I was in my early 20's when I fell into the drunk tank and I'm in my mid-30's now.  Since I've crawled myself out of the tank I'm struggling to find myself my identity my place in this world.  I am pretty successful I have a good paying job with benefits and all that good stuff. I have a loving husband that is on top of the world especially now that his wife is sober. I am not financially strained. I am happily childless and get everything and anything I want.  I have it all right?  Here's the thing .. now that I'm sober I've discovered that I'm tremendously unsatisfied with certain aspects of my life and the bed I've made myself these past 10+ years. I was able to pin point the most unsatisfying aspect of my life that is affecting my ability to move forward and that is .. that I hate my job. Despite the perks despite the fact that I am comfortable and very good at what I do despite the fact that I am paid a good salary I hate every single aspect of my job.  Hate it.  I get zero satisfaction out of doing it (like nalla none zip).  It makes me feel angry aggressive and resentful. I am trying to better myself and grow and I have discovered that my job is affecting my health negatively especially now that I'm sober as it's creating stress anxiety and all sorts of undesired feelings.  I have always been unsatisfied with my job however I feel that I've been comfortably numb (or should I say uncomfortably hung over) for the past decade and I'm only now starting to realize this is one of the many harsh realities that I created for myself as an alcoholic.  I failed out of college due to my alcoholism and ended up doing this job as a result which just so happens to pay quite well so in my drunk mind it was a perfect fit for the situation I created for myself. You know that thought "I might be a drunk but at least I have a good paying job with benefits" thought?  Well now that I'm sober my anxiety is through the roof I'm discovering weird OCD obsessions and my stress levels are unmanageable and I feel that I'm working myself into a deep deep depression.  Work is creating feelings inside me that make me very uncomfortable and these feelings are starting to show in my work. I'm finding it harder and harder to keep these feelings inside and to myself.  I'm finding it hard to focus and be motivated to do my job.  The nature of work I do is already difficult and mentally straining and I'm finding it more and more difficult to tolerate the things and people I did when I was an active alcoholic. I decided that I would try therapy just talk therapy to try and work through my challenges and find tools to deal with the stress and anxiety I'm struggling with in my sobriety. I must say I was in denial about my need for therapy in the beginning however I'm starting to see the benefits of talk therapy.  The good part about this entire mess is that my job/career is something that I can change. I am thinking about going back to school or taking night classes/correspondence classes and possibly starting up a small business if finances and my mind will allow it.  I have hope that I will eventually succeed in finding happiness and being comfortable in my own skin but I must admit that I'm terrified to start this new journey.  Have any of you folks decided to change careers when you became sober?  How did it go?  Do you have any regrets?  Thanks for reading SD!
----------immediate responses--------

I think lots of people change their circumstances once they stop drinking and get a clear picture of "the bed they made."..Your job was clearly one of your reasons for self-medicating and now you've removed the meds and the wound is festering... It sounds to me like you know what you should/want to do.
You are moving in a very positive direction! Keep chipping away at the BS and improving yourself and your life. Congratulations on your sobriety!
Hello and welcome. Bravo for six months of sobriety and your decision to seek therapy...I changed careers after I got sober. Yes it is scary but staying in a job that isn't a good fit is a threat to sanity and sobriety. These days people have more than one career in a lifetime. .Education is an excellent investment in your quality of life and usually has financial benefits. Going back to school was a positive experience and new worlds opened up for me. ..Getting paid to do a job that you love is an excellent goal. It may be rough and take some juggling for awhile but it's worth it. ..Seize the day!
Obviously finding different work is a positive move for you.  I think your proposals are good ones...However don't overlook the fact that you just *might* be able to reduce the amount of stress you feel even while you're still at your job.  Thinking through and noticing what the main "triggers" are for your stress may allow you to connect your job stress to something deeper.  Then once you understand the underlying source you may be able to change the way you respond...It's basically cognitive behavioral therapy in a nutshell.  But some work environments are just toxic and there's little you can do about toxic poisonous narcissistic people except get away from them.  Just throwing it out there.
Suggest no abrupt changes for a while maybe another six months or so. You're still kinda new to the sobriety thing. Taking a class or two though is not an abrupt change. That could ease you back into academia and that alone may improve your outlook. 
I identify very strongly with what you're talking about here. It seemed like I could put up with almost anything when I was drinking/drunk. Sobriety meant I wanted and needed a better life...I think it is a very good idea to work towards something better. That could be taking classes that could be looking for a new job. Sobriety can allow you to work for and plan for something better instead of going off half-cocked or putting up with a lousy situation.
I can relate. I somehow managed to stagger into a decent paying job that i hate and is killing me with stress but I haven't done anything about it yet. I'm going to try and stick it out for a few more years and save save save so I can start the next chapter out on the right foot. Good luck!
I have had the opposite happen for me. Once the booze was gone everything light it made dim began to glow again and matters I thought were too far gone to fix are in my radar now. Stay strong and remember the war is won battle by battle. 
