-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pzvbg/one_week/

One week completely sober. No alcohol at all!..I had the urge to drink on Friday after coming home from a friends house. Decided to get dinner and think about it after. Dinner ended. Decided to flip a coin.....Heads - I would think about it after drinking some water..Tails - I would drink some water and go to bed...Tails. Awesome no thinking involved. Drank some water and went to bed. ...If the coin had landed on heads...I don't think I would have drank. The amazing thing about flipping a coin is that once it's in the air you immediately know what you want it to land on. I wanted heads. Not so that I could drink but so I could say the decision not to drink was mine and not just dumb luck. No such luck but I am sober all the same....Finally broke down to my mom about my struggle yesterday. She was more than understanding and talking to her really helped me.. ..I have begun to realize that the reason for my drinking is my anxiety and even though I know that quitting will make my anxiety better...It's the instant release that I use (and abuse) it for. So managing my anxiety better is my next step. Exercise diet and no caffeine....Another plus I just realized that in this past month I have consumed the fewest amount of alcoholic drinks in any month long period since about Feb 2012 (Maybe longer). Go me. I stopped drinking for almost 3 weeks before relapsing last weekend....Yet another plus I've had a cough since about October 2013. It's pretty much gone. I figured it was alcohol related...I just didn't love myself enough to care....Happy Sunday everyone. See you all next week.
----------immediate responses--------

Grats on a week and the three prior. I thought anxiety made me drink also. Turns out alcoholism was the culprit! Can you believe that? Good days bad days anxiety no anxiety money no money job no job wife no wife. It didn't matter. I drank and drank. Never really needed a reason. Never really had a choice. Had to drink. Period. Had no choice over the next drink either. It was coming. Just a matter of time. I share this because it wasn't until I came to terms with it that I really started making progress in my recovery. The easy way....
Good work on the 1 week sober; but if I were you I would work on building some sobriety tools beyond a coin flip.  For me AA meetings made all the difference.
Congratulations on your week! Keep up the good work.
