-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2q8wmz/16_days_sober_after_my_second_relapse_and_thought/

Four months ago I decided I needed to stop drinking if I was going to live any sort of life that I wanted to be a part of. It's been a lonely process a lot of the time although the meetings certainly help lessen that blow but I've found myself enjoying life quite a bit more.  That isn't to say I've been perfect in my recovery. My first relapse came 89 days into sobriety and the second one 13 days later. I thought this time I would join your community in order to have another branch to hold onto and help keep my head above water. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the group. Grab a badge. Stick around and tell us your tale.
I'm right there with you. I seemed to gradually relapse in the past. This last time I dove head first and was drinking more than I ever had. ..I've started going to meetings. As someone that used to avoid them at all costs and find all of the literature I could to back up my fears of AA this has been a big turning point for me. ..I know my therapist and my family care about my well being however none of them are alcoholics so they can't directly relate or provide tools for me to maintain my sobriety. ..I deleted my last account here thinking I had been "cured". ..Welcome friend keep coming back I know I will!
Hey we have the same sober date...I also saw an escalating pattern in my own drinking...Meetings and this sub really help with the isolation...Even when I'm around people I dont think they really "get it."..In here and at meetings people do.
I'm so glad you made into the subreddit /u/thegoddamnregret.  I look forward to your posts and comments.  
You're definitely in the right place. Stick around grab a badge check out the baby steps talk to those in IRC. Comment and read and post. We're all going through this together. I've found in my lonliest moments that getting into that IRC and talking makes me not-so-lonely anymore. You can do this! People here have been doing it a while who knows you might even be able to find something that works for you. 
