-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2q9smz/i_didnt_drink_today_again/

Sorry in advanced; I'm typing excitedly from my phone in my at after driving drunk friends home...I went home for the holidays and met up with friends after helping out my former employee. I worked my ass off today and was hungry so I was super excited to eat. When I got there my friends from home had a martini and a shot of lord-knows-what waiting for me. I was too hungry and tired to drink and I didn't rave it for once. But my friends were having fun cheers-ing and all. That's when I said "I'm not drinking y'all." And my best friend that I thought would flip out on me asked "why?" ..I replied that I didn't like the person I was turning into because of alcohol. I didn't like the habits I had developed. She said "okay no worries. I got your back."..And she did. Every shot every drink every offer she was the one to tell them "thanks but no thanks." It was like she knew the pressure that would be bestowed upon me by our friends about not drinking. Then they realized that nothing has changed; we had a great time hanging out and have plans to hangout again almost like nothing has changed. A few friends asked questions about not drinking and I replied honestly because I am a shit liar. And they understood. They fucking understood! ...My heart is filled with the support I received from my friends. A few stopped drinking after hearing my reasons which was really nice of them. I told them I didn't want anything to change so if they wanted to drink I was okay with it. I even offered to buy a round but they declined. They shared the same sentiment about drinking but never had the "balls to resist social pressure." That was pretty cool...Reminder I'm visiting home for the holidays and these are some of my best friends from high school that I've known for well over a decade. I missed them. I'm not going to miss out on seeing them because they're drinking. I know I'm in a "dangerous" environment for relapse but I felt more excited to see them than nervous or insecure about my personal restraint. I went to see them with the intention of also breaking the news to them. Also I know I'm early on but I have to start somewhere. I'm just sharing and celebrating these little accomplishments because I honestly didn't think I would ever have the willpower to commit. Please don't repeat anything I have said in this section via PM or comments because I am already aware; I'm sober lol I know what I'm typing. Sorry for the honesty...Speaking of being sober I'm really glad I stayed sober. Two of my friends (including my best friend) got too drunk to drive so I had the pleasure of driving my friends home safely. I love them. ..My next step is to tell my 3 sisters... I'm nervous one of them in particular will be abrasive about my decision so I'll try to imagine worst-case scenarios tonight so I can be prepared for tomorrow morning. Wish me luck! 
----------immediate responses--------

|I'll try to imagine worst-case scenarios tonight so I can be prepared for tomorrow morning...I used to do that it wont help you but it will make you more anxious.
Damn good work.  Excellent first steps in the right direction.  How about an AA or other recovery meeting too?
Good work congratulations on staying sober
Congratulations!
