-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qbkhj/first_relapse/

I quit drinking for the first time 102 days ago. I was focused on being sober for the first time in my life. I began attending meditation seeing a therapist and have been active on this sub. It was a time of a lot of crying and healing. ..Things haven't been going very well. Two nights ago I felt increasingly abandoned by my partner. I knew it was a terrible idea but I went to the store and bought a beer. I thought to myself "it's been 100 days I have tried everything to stop the pain let's just see if drinking is any different now . . . " Well it was different - it was much much worse. Monday night I drank one strong beer just testing the waters. The next morning I woke up at 6AM and bought a bottle of bourbon. I drank most of the bottle by 3PM. I called my partner while drunk said many terrible things - things that no one should say to anyone no matter how angry. I feel awful that my anger was directed to him. He eventually came over because he was worried I was going to harm myself. I was extremely drunk but I can remember rolling around on the ground in pain muttering about the physical/sexual abuse I went through years ago. Everything culminated when he called the cops "by accident" but didn't speak to them so they never showed up. We went outside and cooled down a bit and he eventually left to have dinner with friends. ..The entire night I was alone writhing in pain. I ate zero food before my drink-a-thon and am paying dearly for it. My body rejected any water . . . all night I was extremely thirsty but couldn't drink even the tiniest sips of water. I threw up water and stomach acid at least 15 times over the course of 8 hours. I used the bathroom this morning and (sorry for the TMI) I am pretty sure I had minor internal bleeding last night. (I am feeling much better now that I'm able to drink water and eat.) In addition to these terrible physical consequences I have guilt about the awful things I said to my boyfriend. I have apologized to him a lot. He's sad and mad at me and told me this morning he is considering breaking up with me...The last two days have been among the worst I have lived. I am so disappointed at myself for allowing such drama to unfold through my relapse. I have amazing friends a meaningful career my own apartment a nice cat a loving partner - too much to lose over alcohol. I know deep down inside all I really want in life is peace. I need to tell myself this everyday. ..I am going to get healthy again. I need to continue working on my co-dependency anger and emotional trauma. I am so glad I already have a therapist and some experience with quitting drinking under my belt. I am doing a lot of meditation. I am holding onto hope that it's possible to move forward and actually recover . . . ..Please keep your fingers crossed for me. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you had to go through all this but your 102 days aren't wasted take all the good things you learned and apply them to tomorrow.  Sobriety and relationships can be very challenging to deal with getting sober and actually allowing yourself to have feelings can be overwhelming.  If your partner is open to it perhaps AlAnon would be a good resource for them to express their feelings about your recovery and gain some insight on how to communicate with you in sobriety.
Welcome back and congratulations on attending Graduate School and surviving. Some don't...I guess now you know for certain that alcohol isn't much of a friend to you. It's a shame that education came with such pain but at least you can now dispose forever of the illusion that you can moderate. ..That's priceless. You know that right? You now have an atomic bomb at your disposal the next time DrunkVoice starts whispering in your ear. No more internal dialogue for you...where you debate whether you can handle just a little booze. Nope. That issue has been decided forever...Good. Now you have certainty. You've beat yourself up a little about this. So now it's time to quit beating your own butt dust yourself off and get back to using that energy to better purposes. Play time is over. It's time to get back to work...You've graduated. Move on.
Welcome back. So your research was brief and the answers pretty conclusive. Rest up get some calories into you. You'll need them to start building bridges and moving forward again. I'll keep my fingers crossed and hand extended.
Welcome back. Hard lesson learned but I think you learned it. Let's hit 102 days and them some starting today. Here's a to a sober Christmas and New Years!..Thank you for posting seriously. It's easy for me to think at times that I have this all figured out and this post is a serious reminder of what doubting our decision to stop drinking or downplaying the nature of excessive drinking can do. I hope you can bounce back relatively easily.
Best wishes /u/forzak -- please see a medical provider at your earliest opportunity.  I definitely approve of you going to see a therapist.
I think a lot of us can relate to your experience. Especially when you describe the night after drinking I reacted physically as I've been through very similar pains and remember them clearly. ..102 days is a big achievement and your relapse was only momentary. It's a scary experience when you feel you've lost control of yourself but in the grand scheme of things it sounds like you realize your mistakes and what issues you need to work through moving forward...Best of luck in the new year by which time I hope you'll have a week sober! Post an update for us then! 
Hey really feel for you..I have been active on this sub in understanding my upbringing and the violence :..http://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/..It really helped me not feeling alone.
Oh no I wish we could have been there to help you out on Tuesday :( That's a terrible thing to have to go through. It sounds like you need to focus on recovery not sure what that means for the relationship. Big hugs!!!
I relapsed after almost exactly that amount of time. It sucked. I was back to drinking every night within 3 weeks of that initial drunken night back (I went 12 days sober after that then 6 then 3 then pretty much started back up every night again) and I hit a new bottom a week later. I didn't want to get sober and the first few days were a struggle. I am SO glad that I did now at nearly 300 days. ..Be careful be strong and be sober. You may experience some cravings but PLEASE learn from my hellish experience and don't give in. They'll go away. You can do this I promise...Relapse is an obviously shitty thing but you can turn this into a learning experience to look back on :) Good luck!
Thank you so much for sharing I know it's very helpful for me and everyone in this community. I have so much respect for you for coming back after a relapse it is very admirable. It seems like you have all of what you need to to stay sober- one day at a time!
Others have said similar but in my first attempt at sobriety I learnt more from my relapse than from the 2-3 months (wasn't counting days) that preceded it.  It was proof of concept; if I have one I'm chasing the blackout that day and everyday that follows.  Yeah it's discouraging/embarrassing and all those other undesirable things but there's also plenty you can take from it.  Chin up :)
One more step in recovery (perhaps not the aa kind but still valid if we learn from it). I hope today is better and the new year bright for you. One day at a time friend.
