-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qf99m/three_years_ago_tonight/

Thinking about this painful memory still brings me to shame. We went out to celebrate my SO's birthday at a cool little dive bar. I proceeded to get so shit can wasted that I was kicked out of the bar. I don't remember anything from that night. I woke up the next morning with giant scrape marks all over my chest and stomach. I apparently tried to fight one of the patrons that had been nothing but nice to me that night. I had passed out in the driveway after the cab had gotten us home and my SO couldn't carry me so he tried to drag me to bring me inside the house but I wouldn't budge. I am still so shame filled about this it makes me want to cry. Coming up on two years sober and I'm never going back to that place. The funny part though? Even that night didn't stop me from continuing the party. It took me almost losing everything to realize what the fuck I was doing to myself. .I am so fucking proud of all that I have achieved and that I'm not going back to that girl. Ever again. Teetotaller for the rest of my life. If you're struggling know that you can stop and there is support for you. Merry Christmas everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing!
Oh man your tale reminded me of an embarrassing moment from my own past.  It's not even all that related (no fight) but your account of waking up confused triggered a memory that I didn't know was lurking in there.  Talk about your landmines.  I ain't gonna let that thing go dormant again.  I think I have a phone call to make tomorrow. ..Congrats on how far you've come and Merry Christmas!
You know what I love about this sub? I don't even know you but I've been you and I'm so proud of you. 
Your story reminds me of last New Years Eve though certainly not as severe.  For the first time in years hubby and I weren't going to host a NYE party/Birthday party for me.  We had a romantic and quiet evening at home planned.  I made delicious steaks shrimp and a bunch of other dishes..all while drinking my favorite wine.  We ate dinner...I kept drinking...went through a bunch of bottles in just a few hours.  I was texting and begging other friends to come over...and I ended up passed out on the couch by 10pm.  I regained consciousness around 3am..alone. Hubby had rung in the new year alone went to visit a neighbor briefly and went to bed.  Happy New Year and happy birthday to me.  I hold a lot of guilt over that horribly embarrassing night.  Did it stop me from drinking?  Nope.  Did it stick with me? Yep.  This year I'm recreating the evening meal (minus the wine) and having a sober evening at home with hubby and two friends who've also agreed to not drink.  It will be a safe environment and I'll wake up without shame.  ..You are nearly at 700 days.  That is an enormous number and I can't imagine it.  Thanks for sharing your story.  
I really thank you for sharing that WeirdAssJamJar because I thought you'd say that one bad night stopped you.  I've had two broken arms and it still didn't stop me!  But yesterday and today I thought enough enough!  So I'm taking heart from your sharing and will try to be sober again tomorrow! :)
Happy anniversary /u/WeirdAssJamJar.  Yeah strong memory of lots of vaguely-recalled drunken stunts and little injuries.  I can live without that sh#t in my life.  
It's crazy the pain and misery we gave to ourselves and those around us in the grips of our addiction. So grateful we don't have to go through that again (and those we are with don't have to either!) I hope your Christmas was a merry one too!
SO proud of you!!!!
What an encouraging story 3 years!!!  That's awesome!  
