-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qfr7n/another_christmas_experience_post_from_a_recent/

What an awesome Christmas SD let me tell you about it and how I feel!..  .For many myself included the most wonderful time of the year can also be the most stressful time of year; it can also be a sad time of year think Garlands "Have yourself a Merry Lil Xmas."  I burden myself with stress trying to make everyone's holiday brighter and merrier  real hohoho ya know.  It is self induced let me tell you  one does not need to have Christmas.  That said dammit I made Christmas!  .(At least in my home lol.)..Christmas Eve started as usual I needed to run around last minute to shop but only for two gifts that were sprung up on me last minute so not at all poor planning on my part *this time*. Sober me no  I (or the royal we lol jk)was in and out of two stores in under an hour and back home shopping done.  I decided last minute to bake a dessert for the xmas party since I had so much extra time. ..It was while I was driving around that the stress that had been held at bay began to appear...I was aware that suddenly I began to think about drinking after all  people would expect me to drink I always drink and ignore the young and old and non drinkers and then I expected to drink tbh and thought I might have just one just because its a christmas party and whats one drink going to do?..**SD Memories Activate!** One drink is a relapse that one drink will undue all my days even if I could be what if I'm not one of those people who can moderate?...I kept myself busy and then confirmed I wouldn't drink but still felt like it was uncertain on the way to the party.( Self-doubt and the unknown are scary.)  Walking into the already underway party I was so happy to have all of SD in my pocket! Thanks people! Hope you had a good time lol..Happily I did not drink didn't care about not drinking and really did not think about it once I knew I could read SD posts in the other room if I needed any reminder of what I am doing...From that point on I had it covered and had a great time with young and old good food good people and tons of holiday cheer...I was not a shy introverted and uncomfortable being surrounded by a crowd person at all!  Instead I was engaged in conversations and merriment having a good time....When we showed up to the party we basically landed on the drink station full of beer and liquer. Several people drinking responsibly and one person was wasted. I felt bad for her she was  past the point of sloppy. I have been her in the past  even if not in a long time since  I kept my sloppy ass at home towards the end of my drinking days. I still saw my young self drunk at a family's holiday party with their children and grandparents soberly having a good time.  I think she may also have been on some otc meds mixed with beer. I may have to see her Sunday as she is my bfs brothers girlfriend and we are all going out for a second smaller family dinner...I was so happy to be sober.  The family all noticed something different and telling me I looked great! They were so nice I asked my bf if he told everyone I had stopped drinking but he said nope he told no one.  I was so touched at how nice they were this time not that they were ever mean or unwelcoming but you know how it is to invest energy on an addict well this time I was worthy of that investment and it was greatly appreciated...Over forty day ago I gave myself the best gift this year you know what it is.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on beginning to be a "new you".  Apparently the new you is already noticeable to others.  That is a wonderful sign.  You will find as time goes by with consistent sober time you will find more people recognizing changes in you if you are working on the issues that got you here in the first place.  It is a good feeling.  In my last 7 months I have repaired some relationships I would have thought were irreparable I've developed new friendships and new habits.  ..Just think...in one week you will begin a whole new year...and you will be able to say "I haven't had a drink this whole year."..One day at a time! 
Well-done /u/peasporridgeinthepot -- and Merry Christmas friend.
Thank you for this post 
