-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qne8h/finally_told_my_parents_i_have_a_problem/

23 year old married female. Have bee struggling for a awhile but no one knew (besides my very supportive husband). Went for an addictions evaluation and they recommended at least intensive outpatient (first choice was inpatient but that's not possible with my job) ..Anyway I think I'm in the place I can finally commit to quitting. But I ride to work with my mom so I needed her to know or lie to her (which I have done already). I let her know and she was really nice about it and said how proud of me she is etc. etc. she told my dad for me. ..This was a couple days ago and I haven't been able to talk to her since. I think it's more about my low self esteem but I'm so worried about everyone especially them thinking I'm an addict. ..I'm guessing I'm not alone in feeling ashamed and embarrassed. Anyone have a way they dealt with it? ..I don't want to isolate myself but I feel so uncomfortable. ..Thanks I'm advance for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

When I told my mom she used her skeptical voice and just said "So you think you're an alcoholic huh. Well I support you whatever you decide you need to do." Then proceeded to tell me in detail how everyone was shocked at my 21st birthday when I gulped down a Cosmopolitan. Which is literally the same story she told me for two years every time I would start drinking again. In the exact same wording. My mom is nothing if not pedantic. 
Good job telling your mom. That's hard. The best way to ultimately deal with the shame and embarrassment is to eliminate them by giving up the shameful and embarrassing behavior (which you are doing yay!). As for dealing with those feelings in the meantime I just tell myself to feel everything I feel and eventually it passes. Not allowing myself to use the feelings to justify drinking is the best action I can take. (Note from my badge that I speak from vast inexperience; I'm faking it with the advice but I'm trying to take it too.)..You have a valuable attitude recognizing that you need to avoid isolating yourself despite the discomfort. I wish I had told my parents years ago (I'm 28 finally admitted what everyone already knew to them about a year ago). I don't know your story so it's possible that this really is a surprise to your mom. But maybe it isn't? Perhaps she's relieved to hear you say it. Finally even if your family is "thinking of you as an addict" right now that's not so bad. At least they're thinking of you as a self-aware addict who is working on it. That is worlds better than allowing your increasingly bad behavior to create an even worse image and self. ..If your mom says she's proud of you take it and cherish it and try to believe it. Then live up to it! You still have support and that does mean something even though this is quite a personal challenge. Having it out in the open can make it easier to fully commit. I'm glad to have the opportunity to work on the non-isolation bit myself by replying to you. Best wishes. 
Hi I'm a 21 year old female...I told my parents just before Thanksgiving. I'm getting an assessment after the new year...I felt so much better after telling them. It felt so good not to have this huge secret anymore .and to not be so alone in all of this.... .It hasn't really gotten easier yet but I absolutely know that trying to fight this thing by myself is not going to work. Not drinking today..
Welcome /u/WildRed4 to r/stopdrinking--at this [link is the post to the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is a plan for *what's next* or in other words all the things I did to get sober.  Good luck to you.
