-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qqcmc/my_sistersinlaw_want_to_know_how_i_quit/

I have several sisters-in-law.  I am the 9th of 10 kids and the 8th of 8 boys.  You do the math...Over Christmas it came out that I quit all desserts and as much processed sugars as possible in early October.  I don't eat any candy cookies etc.  I don't eat any foods that are primarily an excuse to have a bunch of added sugars.  I don't drink anything with any sugars in it (even fruit juice).  Now when I quit drinking alcohol I went all in on the dessert candy chocolate thing.  I became just as addicted to sugars as anything else in my life.  Ugh it was killing me but I literally could not stop eating that crap every day all day...So on Christmas everyone is watching me eat my homemade fruit salad instead of dessert and it comes out about my last 2.5 months.  Everyone wants to know how I could just wake up one day and decide to quit something as pervasive (and good!!) as that and stick to it through Halloween Thanksgiving and now Christmas.  The truth is that most of them would never understand how I did it.  It would simply make no sense to them...I did it by waking up one day and saying "I am absolutely powerless over this stuff.  I can't have it.  I can't moderate it.  If I have a little I will have a lot.  I surrender.  I admit that sugar is stronger than me and it will ruin my life."  I continue to say that every single day...You see for me I have learned that the above approach actually gives me far more strength than I have ever had.  It worked for alcohol 4 years ago.  Then I applied the exact same approach to cigarettes 3 years ago and was finally able to quit with no patches gum or anything else.  Now I have applied it to processed sugars and I couldn't be happier...I have heard and read so many people who are struggling with addiction say they can't "admit" they are powerless because it would signify failure on their part.  For me admitting my powerlessness has time and again been the only way for me to actually be a success.  It relieves me of guilt and shame and just allows me to accept who I am.  Accepting who I am seems to be the first step in actually making a change in who I am....go figure...Anyway I felt like sharing that with the community.  I hope you all are doing well in your journeys today.  Good luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy cow that's a lot of people.  Your family gatherings must be a riot...I've achieved similar results with sugary foods various junk foods fast food all that stuff.  I think you and I took the same approach but I had a slightly different spin on it it.  ..I didn't wake up one day and decide I was powerless.  What I did was wake up one day and decide to be busy or decide to be be lazy.  ..Here's how it works.  ..IF I HAVE ONE PRINGLE RIGHT RIGHT NOW I will eat the entire the entire can of Pringles.  No question about it.  You can swing by and ask to have a few if I'm early in the can. But if I'm getting toward the end you'd best think twice about getting between me and my Cheezums.  I will end you.  ..IF I HAVE ONE CAN OF PRINGLES TODAY I will likely have another can of Pringles tomorrow.  I'm not even kidding joking or exaggerating.  They will be on my mind all day long.  My mouth will water just thinking about Pringles.  There's a strong chance that I'll swing by the store on my way home just to pick some up.  I may even go for a run or hit the gym first as a way of letting myself believe that it's all A-OK.  This is all likely.  More likely that not.  ..IF I HAVE THAT CAN OF PRINGLES ON THE SECOND DAY I will *definitely* have another can on the third day.  Barring a superhuman effort on my part that is.  No matter how busy I am I will make time to purchase Pringles. No matter how lazy I'm feeling I will get schlep my ass to the store _just_ to buy Pringles.   No doubt about it. ..If I've made it this far I'm caught in a cycle.   There's no telling how long it'll last.  Weeks at least. Maybe months. Sometimes I think I've gotta break this cycle man.  Sometimes I make an effort.  Sometimes I don't.  Sometimes I'm successful.  Sometimes I'm not...But you know life happens.  Sometimes I'm forced to miss a day in there.  Even though I'm thinking about Pringles 100 times per day I'll somehow find myself at home sans-Pringles and I'll just go to bed.  ..Ya know what happens?  Yeah I still want Pringles the next day.  But not as badly as I did the day before.  It's manageable...The next day I want them even less...After a week of this I've forgotten about them completely.  To the point where I walk past them in the store think huh do I need those?  And I think *nah not really.* And I keep walking...THAT right there is the most important moment in this entire process for me.  The *nah not really* part.  Not gonna lie after writing this this whole thing I kinda want some Pringles. They're sounding pretty darn good to me right now.  But on a scale of 1-to-10 I'd put that want at a 2 maybe a 3 at most.  It's manageable.  It's not a big deal.  ..I'll get up and walk away from the computer after I finish this comment.  Maybe I'll go grab an apple maybe I won't.   Either way I'll have forgotten all about Pringles within 20 minutes or so.  Thoughts come and thoughts go.  It's a thought not a call to action.  It's not a big deal...That would all change though almost instantly if I had just one chip today.  My 0-to-3 Pringles hankerings would escalate to 6's or 7's which are much much harder to resist and within 48 hours I'd be livin' in the 9's and 10's throwing back a can a day.  Every day.  Maybe forever...Not worth it yo.  I've got things I wanna do with my life.
I want to quit sugary stuff so bad.  It's become a bit of a problem now that I'm avoiding beer.  I've lost a lot of weight but I could stand to lose more especially if I could cut out treats and soda.  I too have thought about using the same 'skills' I've learned to quit drinking.
I really appreciate this post and the ideas as applied to sweets and sugars.  I'm just about there myself after this incredible Holiday pig out.  I went to bed on Saturday grateful to not have eaten anything because i am so sick of food particularly chocolates cake etc.  I need to either reestablish balance or let it go the way of booze. So I may be asking for your insights Nika.  
I've used the same kind of approach. I find it takes about 3-4 days without [fill in the blank] before the cravings really start subsiding dramatically. Those first few days are the hardest. After that it's mostly a matter of commitment and acceptance that I'm basically powerless if I start eating/drinking *x* again...And that's how I've accrued six months free from refined sugar. \o/ Sure sugar isn't going to kill me like alcohol would (at least not as fast) but it was still making me feel pretty miserable. ..Good job on 2.5 months!
Starting back on the sugar wagon tomorrow.  I do feel so much better without it. Congrats on your 2.5 months!
This is so impressive to me. ..I can say I was addicted to alcohol for 13 solid years give or take a few months. I've been addicted to food since my father first let me gnaw on french fries at 4 months old meaning a good 31 years give or take. I've battled it with varying degrees of success but it's so much different than alcohol. I can't quit eating food. I have to have a little bit every day and make good choices and be moderate. ..I can eat anyone you know under the table.  I can binge on lettuce. I'm not kidding. The act of putting food in my mouth is so soothing. ..I commend your dedication. I hope to post an update like this one day too. 
There's a song by Ben Folds Five called Do it Anyway. There's a line that always gets me. I suppose it's open to interpretation but it goes "call it surrender but you know that's a joke the punch line was that you were never really in control". I don't know what he intended but to me it speaks volumes about my struggle. It makes me imagine all the times I thought I was in control and even told people I didn't have a problem. When I finally gave up and surrendered I couldn't help but realize that I want giving anything up but really gaining strength in knowing that I was wrong and that's okay. 
