-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qtbrg/every_time_i_relapse_quitting_again_is_more/

Day 3..I am finding this quit much more difficult than any of the numerous quits I attempted before this. Each night has become a struggle as my AV is crying out for me to just drink up until the new year. ..I had finally gotten some sobriety under my belt (34 days) and was feeling great when I decided to drink for the holidays. That was almost three weeks ago and I've been drinking off and on ever since concluding with daily drinking from Dec. 24-Dec. 27. ..Thankfully I was able to put a stop to the downward spiral but let this be a warning for those of you with a good stretch of days who are considering drinking again. Quitting gets TOUGHER every time you SLIP!!!
----------immediate responses--------

This is what I tell myself though I've only been sober 11 days and it's the only time I've ever gone sober. I don't want to go through anything related to drinking again. No more hangovers no more wasted money no more stupid shit coming out my mouth no more ugly chicks....all of that keeps me sober. I'm kidding about the esthetic quality of the person I'm hooking up with I just mean no more drunk sex. 
That's strong and hard advice. Thanks...But you can do this man. You're a stand up guy. Do it once and for all. That's what I'm going to do.
Don't slip again and make it even harder for yourself! Follow your own advice! (sooo much easier said than done I acknowledge!) ..Have you spoken to your wife yet?
You will hear a lot of old timers say "I know have another drunk in me but am not sure about another recovery."..If that helps keep people with a lot of years sober - maybe you could borrow it...Drinking is not an option for me - off the table - that keeps it simple.
The real party will be here as we all wake up refreshed on New Years Day. You've got this SUG4!
I will be unfairly accused of being a man with a hammer to whom every problem looks like a nail but it sounds like you need to learn to appreciate alcohol for what it actually is and does:  a poison that gives you nothing.  NO advantages.  Zippo....If you actively don't want to drink because you see alcohol for what it really is (and are not conflicted at all as you are since you chose to have a drink) then the temptation is gone and willpower has nothing to do with it.  You do not need willpower to avoid drinking the chlorine under yourbathroom sink....These ideas are explored simply and effectively in the book "The Easy Way to Control Alcohol" by Allen Carr.  I hope you read it and take his ideas to heart so there won't be a next time for you....Best of luck on your recovery.
In Psycho-Cybernetics Maxwell Maltz compared thoughts urges and impulses to the ringing of a telephone. He points out that we habitually respond to a ringing telephone but we do not have to respond-.."Failing to respond to the ring does not consist in 'doing something' or making an effort or resisting or fighting but in 'doing nothing' - in relaxation from doing. You merely relax ignore the signal and let its summons go by unheeded."..Carr's book also diminished the frequency and intensity of the "ringing" for me.
The more pleasure chemicals you feed your brain the more it craves. You don't have to be your AV's bitch it's primal and only want's to feel good now. You can learn to separate from your AV it's not you!! Hear it's voice and ride the wave of cravings until it subsides. There are a lot of techniques for this. I created a list of pros vs cons of drinking and look them over every day. The more you exercise these techniques the easier it becomes to not slip.
I failed numerous times at quitting and it simply reinforced the notion that failure was inevitable and it really felt that way. Each attempt I was more resigned to fail than the last one. I finally realized that was a false thought. Successfully quitting only required that I never pick up another drink. There was nothing new or different about quitting except my own false belief about myself.
I agree with the other posters. You need to stop fucking around and tempting fate and DO WHATEVER IT TAKES to not drink. I've seen too many lives ruined by alcohol and drugs that I'm just heartsick that anyone would think that this is anything less than a progressive fatal illness of the mind and body. None of those who paid the ultimate price for their insistence on drinking thought that they would ever get so far down but believe me if you drink like we in this sub drink it is not just a far-fetched possibility it is inevitable. 
Read up on "kindling" I assume it is a real thing. Just the thought of it has kept me at a fair distance from any toying with lapse or relapse..Hang in there!
I'm feeling the same thing. I had 14 months under my belt but wasn't going to meetings or working the program for the last 5 or so. The drive determination and optimism I had when I first quit aren't quite there now. I'm just focusing on getting my ass to as many meetings as possible now.
2 days is pretty good!  Something must have been happening in your life when you decided to drink for the holidays ....
I read somewhere that our addiction is outside the door doing push ups and getting stronger. If we open that door we will be dealing with a stronger addiction that will be tougher to control. This analogy has helped me. 
