-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qtjcr/my_father_is_an_alcoholic/

My father has been drinking since he was 14 (he is now 62). Growing up I didn't really realize he had a drinking problem until it either got too out of hand or I just didn't realize until I was old enough to understand that. ..He also has a huge temper. That I remember from way back. He's never hit me but I can promise you I have a lot of emotional scarring and anxiety from the times he would scream non stop and never leave me alone when I couldn't take it anymore. ..It's always been a struggle trying to have a relationship with him because he is very narrow minded. The other night I came over to his house to spend the night. He knew I was coming. He knows how I feel about him drinking. I get there. He's blasted. I don't get to bed till 4 because I wanted to make sure he made it to bed and didn't fall (as he has before). I was exhausted the next day and made a decision that I've had enough regardless of him coming upstairs to apologize. Enough is enough. ..I'm at a point Reddit where I feel cutting him out until he is 100% sober is the only way I feel he'll have any motivation to get sober. What works best when trying to quit? Should he go to rehab? Ween himself off? Any advice? I'm tired of this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Please post this at r/alanon.  This is one of the most common and heartbreaking posts we get on this subreddit but unless he comes on here there is nothing we can do for him.  But as I often point out an ex-wife who worked an al anon program for herself was the only person to ever effectively communicate to me about my "alcoholism."  I was never able to shake that message from my psyche in the (24) months finally leading up to my first AA meeting 
Hi and thank you for posting.  I am very sorry to hear about your father.  While not your intention this post may help someone else here today who has children and is looking to quit...As far as your questions may I suggest Alanon or /r/alanon for you?  I think you would get a more useful set of responses from that community.  The last thing I would tell you is that you are NOT responsible for your father's alcoholism nor are you responsible for fixing it.  Good luck to you!
That's tough. ..Unfortunately there isn't really much hope for an alcoholic until they decide to quit for themselves. Its a really powerful addiction and there is likely nothing you can do or say that will get him to quit unless he decides that he needs to quit for himself. ..Al-anon deals specifically with this kind of stuff and they might be the best resource for your situation. .
Sorry to read your story your situation is not easy. But from my much milder experience with parental issues it is when you stop being a child and start taking care of YOURself for YOURself for YOUR sake for YOUR life that things start getting a little easier. He is your father all right but you are also an individual and have a right on your on. ..So you can't make him do anything be it quit alcohol or tidy his room or be nice. You can start taking care of YOU.....best wishes!
