-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r2dud/feeling_like_i_want_to_drink_tonight/

I made it through NYE without any problems; it was probably the first sober one I've had in who knows how long. I drank club and V8 Splash all night and loved how I felt this morning. I watched idiots make fools of themselves and wondered how normal that was to drunk me. ..I made sure a couple people didn't drive gave rides to a couple others and probably intervened in what could have resulted in some useless drunken drama a few times. (old me would have called myself "that guy" but whatever)..All said it was quite easy to stay sober for me on the drunk night o' the year yet tonight I'm struggling. I don't know if something in my head says I deserve it or what. I don't even feel an addiction "pull" to drink it's more of a "FU I can do it responsibly" mentality to make up for what I missed last night...I'm probably in the bottom 5% of responsible drinking ideas so it makes no sense. Throw me some love and/or hate. I need it.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; it's more of a "FU I can do it responsibly" mentality to make up for what I missed last night...That is your addiction pull....it comes in all varieties and has an endless supply of masks.
If you can do it responsibly how come you didn't in the past? There's the hate you asked for more like tough love from my POV. I wouldn't trade my worst sober day for my "best" drunk any day.
Sometimes I experience a bit of emotional fall-out after a big social event or if I'm in a situation where alcohol is in the mix. Even if the event went well I'm kind of vulnerable and I need high-intensity self care. If I don't "baby" myself (seriously even if I am happy) then the fuck-its rear their ugly heads. I get the feeling this is pretty normal for people like us in early days. It's worth the effort to learn how to get through the ups and downs without self-medicating with alcohol.
Seems like such an harmless thought too right?..I've had these thoughts often recently.  They've led me to many mornings of cringe worthy reading headaches puking depression numerous repeated nights of drinking - all that from one little harmless thought...I'm done listening to that thought.  I'm looking forward to my first non-hungover morning tomorrow.  I've got tons of my favorite coffee.....can't wait.
