-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rayir/feelin_alive_in_three_sixty_five/

I'm tempted to say "woo-hoo! I made it! \o/ " But it's not like that... Honestly I'm just getting started. The difference between life one year ago and life now is evident in my state of mind and my emotional and physical health. My thinking is so much more clear and my wit is sharp (this started about two months in - I had bad brain fog after I first quit). The negative feedback loop in my brain y'know the one *constantly* telling me how much of a loser I am finally quieted down about four months in. About nine months in staying sober stopped being such a on-and-off white-knuckling struggle. I was able to relax and enjoy myself a lot more socially. During times of stress and found other relaxation techniques so so so much better than can found in any bottle. This fall I lost twenty pounds and feel so much healthier. The winter holidays were relaxing and nowhere nearly as exhausting as they have been in the past. And now January 4 2015 exactly one year after my last "Ohgodwhy!!!" hangover I really feel good...Don't get me wrong no rainbows and glitter shooting out of every orifice on my body. Life is still life and there are still ups and downs. But compared to a year ago or the years before that when I was actively binge drinking several times a week it's really good. ..Happy new year everyone! Wishing you all a great year! 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds great and congratulations on 1 year!..&gt;During times of stress and found other relaxation techniques so so so much better than can found in any bottle...More details on this please. Stress really raises the desire to seek life's instant off switch for an evening...
Happy new year to you! .What a great post and really encouraging to read. I hope I can be where you are in a years time especially with regards to the quietening down of that voice in the brain. Mine is constantly rather horrible to me and often I will use alcohol and drugs to shut it up. I hope that sobriety will change this and I can start to be nicer to myself..Congrats on Three Six Five :D
Congratulations on 1 year!!..This post really makes me smile and gives me more hope that there are still even better things to come in sobriety.
Thank you and Congratulations!..Just cheering my brain on as it emerges from the fog a little. I hope it gets even better!
I am so pumped for you!  An invite to join us on /r/DINOs will follow!
Congratulations that's just outstanding! 
congrats!  
So good. Congrats on a year!!
I'm in tears I haven't been sober a year since I was a teenager I always wondered what it would be like to not live in chaos I'm on day one again and this time I will be more vigilant.
