-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rcwv8/mindfulness_urge_surfing/

Has any one tried using this to manage the urge?  Was it successful or not?  Going to give it a try.  "Urge surfing is a term coined by Alan Marlatt as part of a program of relapse prevention he developed for people recovering from addictions to alcohol and other drugs. It can actually be used to help with any addictive behaviour such as gambling overeating inappropriate sex or any other destructive impulses."
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not entirely sure what "urge surfing" means.
You allow the urge - to drink smoke etc. - come to a crest and then it subsides.  So you are effectively riding (surfing) this urge to indulge.  You do not fight it as that will only feed it.  See this site. http://www.mindfulness.org.au/urge-surfing-relapse-prevention/.   
Yes I have surfed the urges and one upped it by grabbing the urge and exaggerating it..Not really doing it physically because that might come across as a bit much in line at the post officelol..But in my mind I picture myself jumping up and down and having a tantrum like a kid screaming for candy. The urge limps away entirely impotent..These are small luxuries I have right now that I can play with. In a shithitthefan situation a whole other monster surfaces that is not so easy to handle.
pollyannapusher - thanks for the feedback.  Have tried a variety of things with no success - Topamax and Naltrexone - where the last two failed attempts.  Beginning to believe if comes down to will power and self control.  Used same approach to quit smoking 20 plus years ago. 
[deleted]
Mindfulness has been my primary tool in recovery and I used it to deal with cravings at the end of my addiction. ..I don't know who came up with the following metaphor but it explains things well. Cravings are a bit like wild cats. If you feed them they will not only keep returning but they will become more demanding. If you stop feeding the cats (by being mindful) they will eventually stop coming around. I haven't had any cravings for alcohol since I quit for good. 
I do this and it has helped a lot with quitting drinking and managing anxiety. I feel feelings and don't fight them. So they don't get stronger and eventually pass. And I remind myself of past successes to remind myself that all feelings pass...Edit: just saw I have over a month. Wow! Time flies when I'm having fun being sober!.
Yes success here my shrink taught me these techniques. I was a chronic reseter here for 2 plus years.
