-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rgl0x/anxiety_depression_and_not_having_a_drink/

So... I am pretty new to all of this (21 days) and while I am sure it will get better down the road I would like some advice on what to do now...The past few nights I haven't been able to sleep. Last night I had terrible anxiety. It felt like someone had reached into my chest and was squeezing my heart. I sat up until 2AM drawing because I didn't know what else to do. I don't think I drank enough to have detox symptoms and haven't noticed anything else physical but this anxiety is killing me. I'm nervous and jumpy my heart is pounding I can't sleep.  ..I'm also struggling with depression. It was actually quite bad before I quit drinking but I thought it would get better. Instead it has just gotten a bit less foggy. I am hesitant to go to a doctor and get any sort of antidepressant because I used to have quite the thing for prescription medication when I was younger and I am worried it will be too easy to slip back into bad habits. ..I exercise I am back on a healthy diet after the holidays I am doing by best to reconnect with my supportive friends. I just thought I would feel better. Instead I feel like I could cry at the drop of a hat...If anyone has any advice I would really appreciate it. .
----------immediate responses--------

My reason for turning to alcohol in the first place was I felt so uncomfortable in my own skin. Even after I accepted that alcohol was destroying my life I would struggle to stay sober because it meant having to live with anxiety negative thoughts and depression. ..The thing that made me feel better was learning to stop living so much in my head. Mindfulness has been my primary tool in recovery and this provided a way for me to escape the prison of my thoughts and emotions. 
It took a lot longer to get better for me than I wanted it to. It was closer to 90 days than 30 before it lifted. It DID lift though. 
I had to realize that after abusing alcohol for years it was going to take more than a few weeks for my brain and body to find equilibrium. This was a rough time and for that reason I got support from a therapist and getting involved in AA. It was too hard to go it alone. ..Feeling emotional is normal. You've probably stuffed your feelings for awhile and they start bubbling to the top when we get sober. A counselor can be very helpful in this regard. ..It is too early in your sobriety to get an accurate diagnosis for clinical depression. There are anti-depressants that are not addicting. You are wise however to be cautious due to your history. ..Hang on. I advise getting more support. Stay in touch.
When I had severe anxiety issues coupled with panic attacks I seeked professionnal help. If you look around you should find a therapist who considers medication as a last resource. It is a fairly popular trend amongst psychologists. I found one such professional who helped me out with a technique called EMDR (simply Google it). It really helped me resolve the issue without any medication. Good luck.
