-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rh5h4/a_good_night_and_a_good_meeting/

Tonight was one of the best meetings I've been to. The weather is terrible. We've had about 6" of snow and its 5 . I show up to the local AA clubhouse about 10 til 7. No one was there to unlock the building so the other guy that showed up sat in my car and we had a meeting anyway. I wanted to stay home tonight. I wanted to stay warm. But if someone showed up I wanted to be there for them. ..The guy that showed up is actually a friend I use to work and drink with in high school. Prior to a month ago the last time I had been around him we were getting blackout drunk in Glacier National Park. He's been coming around for a few weeks but has struggled to put together more than 4-5 days of continuous sobriety. ..We had a great meeting one on one. I shared my story and how I got to where I am. We discussed some things in his life and why he struggles to stay sober. I hope my perspective on similar issues can help him but I know that the process of talking through my last 400 days has helped me stay sober. ..In my opinion there is no better way to help myself than to help someone else. I feel like I may have done that tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

2 alcoholics a resentment and a way out: a recipe for a great meeting! I just think of the instances when the guy(gal) needs a meeting and no one is there to open the meeting. What are they supposed to do? A bunch of drunks were there for me when the road conditions were black (Army lingo for do not drive except in emergency) and the weather was atrocious. The least I could do is return the favor for the next drunk. I make it a habit of going to meetings in the foulest of weathers to carry the message: hope.
&gt; In my opinion there is no better way to help myself than to help someone else....I think this is the #1 reason my badge says 369 and not 1. 
Great post. Thanks for sharing dude!
This puts even showing up in a different perspective for me. I can't articulate how it makes me feel but it's gonna push me just to show up everyday. Thanks for posting this &amp; you're awesome for showing up.  
