-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rhv41/im_30_minutes_away_from_24_hours_sober_im/

Hi all..Long time lurker in this sub.  About a month ago I ditched the sub to crippling alcoholics because I didn't want to live like that...I told myself I'd never get there but the truth is I was and had been for years.  I apologize for dumping this all here. I know many of you have struggled with worse and triumphed but I just feel like I am in a moment of weakness. But I feel like i need to write this to have some accountability. An outlet of sorts. Maybe to get these thoughts out of my head and usually that's booze's job...I was a bit of a latecomer to alcohol in general.  I actually hated drinking for the first 23 years of my life as I was surrounded by alcoholic family members would get wasted at family gatherings and shout nonsense in the middle of the street at all hours of the night. I wasn't going to be like that.  I was smart.  Fast forward to adulthood (I feel embarrassed just calling what i live adulthood)...broke up with a long time girlfriend and suddenly I found myself in world without organically forming social groups (high school college) and pretty bad social anxiety. Struggled with being single for a 8 months reunited with an old high school girl and quickly found myself enamored with her.  When i was with her I would rack my brain for things to say.  Was i talking to much? too little? am i being boring? is she happy?  I was so inside my own head that I was driving myself crazy.  ..Her being a bit of a partier started bringing booze over to my place(my weapon of choice has always been straight vodka).  At first I didn't partake but as you might have guessed I eventually did. HOLY COW! The voices in my head (I'm not schizophrenic just a big self doubter) were silenced. I was charming having great conversations effortlessly and living in the moment. Quickly we were drinking from 6pm to 11pm together 8-12 shots of vodka each. Countless times I woke up to emails from her telling me the awful things I'd say to her. No recollection of any of it.  I started sleepwalking doing things as mundane as moving furniture as stupid as pissing on our cable box and xbox and as scary as standing over my roommates bed while he slept with his girlfriend. That relationship ended with a booze-fueled curse-laden fight that I couldn't even remember 3 years later...Then I entered the darkest period of my life...I was living alone with my best friend and worst enemy. I'd drink 10-15 shots of vodka (I was 150 lbs mind you) a night. I'd skip meals because If I got drunk I would get hungry.  On weekends I would wake up at 9am drink and play video games until I couldn't stand anymore take a nap until 7pm and start drinking again.  I did this every weekend for months- probably close to 24 in fact. I remember one particularly bad night where I was taking shot after shot and I vomited blood. I remember being happy because I could drink some more now that I purged. I got a DUI. I got drunk and fell downstairs leading to huge medical bills. I was eating terrible drinking worse and quite literally killing myself...I was functioning decently...worked an 8 to 5 desk job and only missed work once a month or so due to hangovers.  I see now that even that is unacceptable.  I got promoted.  I met a new girl through an online dating site...things were looking up...I never told new girl that I had a drinking problem.  We're 18 months in and she still doesn't know. I ask myself how that is possible though maybe she doesn't have the heart to tell me.  She moved in 6 months into our stint and at first I was better.  Beer only and just down 2-3 quickly while she's taking her before bedtime shower.  Shortly after she moved in she lost her extremely well paying job.  Had to tighten the belt beer was too expensive of course so I had to reunite with my old friend vodka. 2 shots a night turned into 4 turned into 1 flask a night turned into 1 or 2 eight ounce flasks a night 3 on the weekends. I'd hide it in the bathroom or next to my computer. New girl asks why I have to use the bathroom so much.  Maybe she did know...Nothing too crazy happens with new girl living with me but she isn't finding a job and i'm spending week nights and weekends drinking.  Want to go bike riding she asks? What lame ass excuse can I use to get out that so i can drink and play video games? Naturally this strains the relationship but new girl is nothing less than a saint. So tolerant and understanding...probably because she doesn't drink alcohol at all...I told myself I'd stop drinking on new years.  That came and past obviously. On Sunday night I was doing my routine like normal this night decided to crack open a bottle of wine.  Monday morning this morning comes and I wake up and actually feel okay. A little hazy but I've felt worse I'll just slack off for the first half of the day nap and lunch and hit the ground running! ..I get to the parking lot at work and a defining moment happens...I sit for a second thinking about all the work I am responsible for. This is the busiest time of year for us and I'm thinking about throwing half a day away.  How many times have I done this just IN THE PAST MONTH. I'm currently in a single income household...what if my employer catches wind of my shit and fires me? It's not just my ass on the street.  It's my pets. It's my saint girlfriend who deserves the best in the world and does nothing but love and care for me. ..I then get the most intense chest pain I've ever had start sweating profusely while dry heaving uncontrollably....thought I was having a heart attack.  Right there in my car. Panic washed over me. I struggled to get myself to a hospital to discover I had a severe panic attack. Oh and by the way an ulcer too...I can't do this to myself anymore. The social anxiety is largely gone due to the nature of my work. the boozing girlfriend accomplice was gone. the loneliness was gone. I'm drinking for no reason and it's going to cost me everything I have if I don't stop...So here's my promise to my girlfriend because I can't say it to her face.   I've wasted a year's worth of weekends we could have been spending together. I've probably damaged my career. I've probably damaged my body. I've probably damaged our financial standing. THIS ENDS HERE AND NOW YOUR LIFE AND MY LIFE ARE MORE IMPORTANT TO ME...Well I'm 30 minutes past the 24 hour mark now.  Feeling a lot stronger then when I started writing this. The fits of bawling are now just tears welling. I might not sleep tonight. I'm bored.  I'm scared.  But at least I'll have a home and a loved one tomorrow. Maybe an AA Meeting too.  ..If you read this I'm sorry for this self-absorbed long winded rant.  good luck on your journey.  Readers or not thanks for giving me a place to vent...feels like I have very few to talk to.  On to day two I can genuinely say I don't want a drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

first days were the hardest for me. No sleep bored and anxious. I fixed it by reading gaming exercise and eating lots of chocolate :)..it will get better 
Don't feel bad for being self-absorbed. It's a trait all of us alcoholics have. And it's a trait we MUST have if we plan on getting any better I think...You've had to go through a lot of shit it seems. Hang in there.
Good stuff man. Let it out. I had a relationship just like you are in now. I didn't choose to get sober though. I would drink while she was in the bathroom take swigs of wine while I was getting waters for us for bed slam a beer or two in the car before getting to her place the works. I lost her. I hope you never have to go through that. Stick with this and you won't. Also there is a good chance she knows. We aren't as sneaky as we think we are...
Welcome. I hear you. When we're using we justify it all kinds of ways. We go to ridiculous lengths to "hide" what we're doing from partners who want the best for us...For me if the booze didn't eventually get me the guilt over the lying and sneaking around would. I can say with 100% certainty that it's easier to deal with what life throws you (unemployment stressful work) sober than while hiding a drinking problem...Join me in not drinking just for today.
Don't be sorry; I'm glad you shared this.  I've done and thought a lot of what you posted and it helps to know I'm not the only one...You can do this.
People on this sub told me to just BABY MYSELF the first few days after quitting. So I am passing that advise on to you..I was beating myself up too for being "self absorbed" during withdrawal..Self absorbed is the best place ever because that is pretty much the space from which you don't drink..You are doing this for all the right reasons and sound like a great guy to have come to all these conclusions. You can do this!.Grab a badge (link on sidebar) they are really helpful. .There were moments Ididn't pick up simply because I didn't want to lose my badge..Also there are some great books linked in the sidebar. Allen Carrs book was my "secret weapon".
Yeah it's hard; but it gets so easy (if you tough it out) that after awhile most of us wouldn't have it any other way.  Look at the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)--my only job in early sobriety was just to get to bed sober.  Baby yourself over the next couple of weeks it's OK.  
Right on! I'm so happy that you've decided to take action and regain control over your life. Stay strong and lean on us when you need it!
Just think of how professional athletes are so self-absorbed - and here we are running the race to save our lives so talk as much as you want. ..Sucksforme you should get a badge. I look at mine all the time.  I'm so excited that the clock ticks over in the U.S. and tomorrow afternoon it will have been 14 days.  The only thing that has ever helped me get sobriety for this long is this site. ..I think your girlfriend knows a lot more about your drinking than you think.  When you've stopped drinking and feel less ashamed you should ask her...Good luck for the next 24 hours.
[deleted]
Howdy brother welcome. Thanks so much for the post. You've given me something real to start my day with and helped me to focus on the value my life will have today if I choose not to waste it in a bar or a bottle. Today's a day off work for me and for many years those were very sad and dangerous days so anything that helps me make them worthwhile is a real gift. Thanks for that...&gt;Feeling a lot stronger then when I started writing this...I've found that this is how it works. When I make an effort to be helpful to others it's pretty much impossible for me to be simultaneously self-destructive. Your experience has value to the person who is struggling to get through that first 24 hours. Just reading and listening to others is a service. Keep reaching out keep listening and you're gonna feel a lot better. Take it easy on yourself in the early days. Join us in the "no matter what" club. No matter how bad no matter how good hot cold rich poor... just don't grab that first drink. Everything else will follow...I'm glad you're here.
Welcome the first few days are by far the most difficult. Keep busy. Keep in touch. Give yourself a break. 
As a fellow vodka shooter for 10 years being 31 now my last drink was 7pm Sunday night. First 24 was SHIT but my head is so much more clearer not so groggy. I'm exhausted but I know its for the best. What you are doing is RIGHT. Don't stop reminding yourself of that.
Thanks for sharing! Its almost like remember that I feel like I was there with you.
It gets easier over time.
The more you practice frustration tolerance the more you say NO when the urge happens the easier it gets...I know this sounds hard but being honest with your partner might be one way to commit yourself to this new way of life...Additionally it would make going to a meeting easier! I do smart recovery. You might find 12 steps are better for you. I'd suggest going to a meeting any meeting and talking to someone there after the meeting. Make a sober buddy...Anyway that's just my two cents. Good luck and I wish you the best.
first day is the hardest for sure.  Keep it up man keep it up....The meetings were key to staying stopped for me.  
Does your girlfriend know you've quit? I needed a support system in place; AA was a great place to start
That first few days were the absolute hardest for me.  It gets better after days 4-5 or so...I hope you save this promise and can read it to her on your 90 days sober anniversary.
The first day was my hardest day by far. I wrote a very self-absorbed journal entry about how my heart was broken and I was in love with alcohol but it would kill me blahblah. I cried a lot. ..By the end of the week I was like "What on earth was I thinking...?" I wasn't feeling great yet but it was already way easier than the first day had been. Don't worry. It gets better pretty quickly after the beginning.
Same to what primeapeguy said.You need to be a little self absorbed you need to be relentlessly selfish when it comes to your sobriety. Blow off parties you should be at if it means being sober etc.
Wow. That was quite the read. I wish you the best of luck. I deal with panic myself and it can be hell. Particularly problematic is having to differentiate between panic and withdrawal symptoms. If you start having any please go to the hospital btw. Again good luck. 
I'm pretty new hear but I had a very similar experience with relapse.  I did it because if friends not girlfriends though.  I was afraid if I didn't drink and they wouldn't include me and I'd end up drinking alone.  That doublethink is a killer. Stay strong keep up drinking fluids and you're going to make it we all are.
