-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rkkaq/is_this_normal/

A man I met at my first meeting has been calling me every day more than once a day (I've only been to two meetings so far) and I'm not sure what his intentions are. I understand members wanting to support newcomers but I'm quite mistrustful of men in general. I've also seen a lot of posts on here about this topic of being wary of this in meetings. I assumed because he is a lot older and has been clean for a long time that it is innocent but he is calling me quite a lot. Am I being naive? I know it would be a good time for me to practice being assertive but that is something I have struggled with for a long time. Any thoughts would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nope he should NOT be calling you and he should know that. Tell him you're uncomfortable with him calling. 
This is not ok and was not part of my experience in AA.
Get a female sponsor and she'll make him go away
Not normal at all. He should know better.
NO....this is not normal and more likely than not it is predatory...Do not return his calls or take them anymore.  If you see him at another meeting and he approaches you kindly (but firmly) tell him you would prefer he not have contact with you.  ..If he does not respect this find the "leaders" of the meeting and mention it to them and ask for assistance.  If this doesn't work find a different meeting.  If this doesn't work save every form of contact he tries with you so you have a record.  Then tell him you have your own personal attorney in Chicago who will file a restraining order and sue him for civil damages if he doesn't stop being such an asshole!  :)..Good luck!
It's not normal...Would you be comfortable telling him "thanks for calling. I'm uncomfortable talking to you because you're a man and I'm focusing on my sobriety and working with women only. Please understand."..A crazy guy comes to my home group meetings. He's got issues beyond alcoholism and drug use. He asks the few women who attend for rides home and we are very firm in saying "NO." Some women go further and tell him he needs to go ask men for a ride and not women I just say no and move on with my life. In my world no is a complete sentence. ..I really hate to see you have to be the one to ditch that meeting if it was a good one for you but you need to be safe.  Did you meet anyone else preferably a woman at this meeting?  It would be great to reach out to that person and ask for backup so you can feel safer if you go back to that meeting.
I am a 45 (god am I really 45?) year old guy and can say it is pretty weird he is doing that. I have never been a sponsor  actually 3rd day in a row going to bed sober (yea me). If I Di sponsor someone I imagine I might ( just might) call once after a week to just touch base if I had not heard anything from you. From what I understand  same sex sponsor is the way to go. Hope it helps. 
&gt; I'm quite mistrustful of men in general. ..I'll just make a note on my little tag to not bother offering you advice then...Toodles.....--a man.
Not only not ok but think of it from a perspective outside AA.  If some guy you just met were calling repeatedly and it was unwanted what would you do?  Support groups are part of the world too.  You do not have to tolerate unwanted attention to get help.
Protocol here is women sponsor women men sponsor men.  I assume you are female.  Here what he is doing is called '13th stepping' and your sobriety is not what he's interested in!  Find another meeting and good luck.
See if you can find an all women's meeting. The behavior you described in your post is not normal.
