-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rtqoc/7_days_in_and_i_feel_pretty_great/

My last sip was at about 12:05am on New Years Day. Since then I have been to two bars to meet friends and didn't drink anything but Ginger Ale or Ginger Beer. My friends there didn't pressure me too much (though I could see this being a problem in the future) and didn't ask me why I wan't drinking. I had a talk with my girlfriend about my decision and she is fully on board. So all in all it has been a smooth transition. I even walked through the liquor aisle on accident today (wasn't paying attention) and didn't think twice about it...Some things I have taken away from this experience...* my drinking problem is very socially motivated..* my fast food cravings are way down (though I am still not eating as healthy as I'd like)..* my self confidence is way up (something I have struggled with mightily for the last few years)..Anyway sorry to sound braggy but just wanted to put my two cents in for anyone interested or looking for some inspiration.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your first week.
I like the "it wasn't a tough experience for me" message. It may not be as a horrible as one might to make the change. 
Hooray!
I am seeing a huge connection between fat kid food and alcohol.  I was a couple night a week binge wino.  I'd eat late on drinking nights piling on a ton of calories atop of the massive amount I'd already drank. Then something greasy in the morning. ..Days not drinking my body craved sugar. So I ate badly trying to replace the sugar my body craved.  I've had some crazy sugar eating sessions in the last week but have tried to eat lots of whole grains quinoa millet amaranth etc and lots of veggies.  Getting ready to make a green smoothie now...I can feel the changes in cravings already.  My body is so happy. The thing is I am a fantastic cook married to a chef. We've run a healthy smoothie stand owned a farmer's market. We have a farm...Yet I'm very overweight.  I've gotten thin several times always when I took it easy on drinking because I was so focused on health. ..It never occurred to me until I came here the amount of sugar I was consuming  creating this loop of harming myself...And I KNOW better.  It's crazy the way we purposely avoid making connections between our drinking and it's effects on our bodies and lives...Congrats on your success!  Now go get some steel cut oats and give your body some love!
All good news! Congrats!
