-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rux8f/its_amazing_how_common_alcoholism_is/

I posted to my family and friends that I decided to give up drinking and the responses I got amazed me.  The support was amazing but what surprised me the most was how many people struggle with it.  I got messages from people who I had no idea had the same issues.  It's nice to know that I have their support.
----------immediate responses--------

So so true. It's crazy how many people struggle with the same things we do. This was especially true since I'd convinced myself I was so special and different from everyone else...Realizing that I wasn't alone was a HUGE relief to me. I hope it is for you as well.
That's probably what helped me the most when I went to my first meeting- seeing a few people there from the community and knowing I wasn't alone in my struggle
You are absolutely right.. The number is somewhere between a lot and even more than that!..As an interesting excercise as time goes on pay attention to the conversations of the people who talk to you about drinking. You will start to notice that many will use yours or others drinking as a measurement of much how they dont have a problem."I never drink on work nights(like you did)" I never touch the hard stuff(like REAL alcoholics)"  "I'm a social drinker only(not like other people who have a problem)" etc...Alcoholics have a great denial technique which works by constantly comparing themselves to others that in their estimation have a REAL problem.(I know this oh so well I drank with a lot of very heavy drinkers for a long time....)
You're far braver than I.  I can admit to myself I have a problem; that's easy.  Telling my friends and family?  The prospect is utterly terrifying.
I've heard that it's about 1 in 10 people.
You've got my support too!   Have a great day!
I mentioned it to my therapist this week and he come out as an alcoholic and talked about his own recovery program.
Consider any group you can think up...plumbers nuns writers lawyers left-handed people...about 10% of them will be alcoholic. We aren't the first or last who'll have this thing and need a way out..And there are probably sober alcoholics around you that you never suspected had the same problem..It becomes invisible after we're sober a while. No signs at all.
Before I sobered up I worried about how I'd deal with family reunions. After I sobered up I realized that there was a whole "nondrinking section" that I'd never really noticed before... because I was drinking. 
[deleted]
I met my dad on the street and showed him my 24 hour chip...A construction van started honking at me and the guy yelled "Stay strong Brother!"
I felt so stupid after coming clean to the girl I had been seeing that I had a problem to find out she has been in recovery for more than a year. I guess when you're drinking you don't put two-and-two together (she always refused alcohol and didn't want to meet me at bars after work etc). Funny how these things work out. 
Allen Carr believes that anyone who drinks at all is "somewhere" on the spectrum of alcoholism.  As I get more sober time I am inclined to agree...I was bowled over the other day when my wine-bottle-a-day mom said "Good for you!" when I told her I was sober - I was expecting being shamed for being "weak" and also expected to be told I "don't have a problem".  ..I know when you're coming from!
Way to make yourself accountable!
When I stopped I sort of came to the opposite conclusion. Over the years I sort of wound up as part of a self-selected social circle of alcoholics. I liked to drink so I spent most of my time with drinkers. We'd do things together that revolved around drinking. Drinking -- even drinking heavily -- seemed normal to me. ..It wasn't until after I quit drinking and started finding other things to do that I realized just how much of the world either doesn't drink at all or rarely drinks. I should add that they manage to have a pretty damn good time in spite of (or perhaps because of) the fact that their lives don't revolve around alcohol...Recently [an article in the Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/09/25/think-you-drink-a-lot-this-chart-will-tell-you) confirmed my observations. Turns out something like 60 percent of American adults consume fewer than one drink a week on average. Seventy percent average less than one drink a day...It's only when you get to the top 20 percent that you encounter what I would have considered normal adult social drinking -- an average of about 15 drinks a week or two(ish) a day...The top 10 percent encompasses the true heavy drinkers -- 74 drinks or more a week -- or 10 a day. When I stopped I was a putting back maybe just a little bit shy of that.
It's a bad drug.  I never have tried cocaine or heroin (never wanted to wouldn't know where to get it never even close) but I hear it's so addictive that you're hooked the first time you do it.  Perhaps we should regard alcohol the same way.  It's a drug that hooks you.  And anyone can get sucked in too far.
Here is a [Washington Post article](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/09/25/think-you-drink-a-lot-this-chart-will-tell-you/) that shows the top 10% of Americans drink an *average* of 74 drinks per week. That is 10 and 1/2 drinks per day...Anyone drinking at that level has a problem whether they know it or not. So there are definitely more people out there with drinking problems than you might think.
Good for you.  Stick with it. 
