-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rvehn/100_days/

Thought I'd post one of these. After blacking out just about every night for more than four years I stopped drinking on 10/1/14. While drinking had obviously caused trouble in my life no specific event compelled me to stop. i just got very tired of feeling and looking like shit and realized that I didnt' have to buy another bottle of vodka one day. AA didn't sit well for me and the alternative programs in my area seem to be exclusively for women so I'm doing this on my own...Not much has changed save for my body and living habits. I quit soda and juice and started cooking myself real food and hitting the gym. I'm running five miles at a time despite smoking a pack per day. I'm getting shoulders and an ass and deadlifting 300lbs which feels good especially considering that when my drinking was most intense I had begun to struggle opening jars. I've lost thirty pounds and my blood pressure went from 135/115 to 105/80. ..I'm still wrestling with all of these emotions and beginning to realize that I have almost no sense of what is a good or bad idea. At noon I'll be convinced that I should really get back in touch with people at three I'll be so full of resentment and vitriol that I can't imagine speaking to anyone I knew ever again. Some days I wake up muttering insults to people I haven't seen in a decade. Some nights I'll be near tears because the stray cat I fed for a year and half suddenly stopped coming by. I'll feel invincible in the gym an like a helpless child on the drive home. I'm totally out at sea...Socially I've made two observations which seem to make sobering up a bit difficult: No one was drinking as much as I did but everyone was drinking. It's very lonely. I've gone out a few times with friend and while no one really cared that i wasn't drinking everyone was drinking. I can't help but feel a little self-conscious. ..I also want to have sex with almost every girl I see....Really nothing too revelatory here..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the 100 days and changing your body and living habits.
Good job on 100! Where you're at seems pretty damn close to where I am which I suppose is a good sign.
Hail new centurion!  Remember to respect the ladies.
