-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rvmyw/im_not_struggling_with_not_drinking_but_i_am/

That's pretty normal only 18 days in right? I'm having issues with ex's had to rely on one of them for something and it kind of started to bother me. I'm discovering that I resent her for reasons that have nothing to do with drinking just a bad relationship with a selfish person. I drank regularly after I left her for infidelity am I discovering all this emotion because at the time it happened I had drowned it? How does this sort of thing play out? Have I stunted my emotions or something?
----------immediate responses--------

This is so normal. Alcohol numbs really feeling and processing emotions. I repressed the hell out of important issues thoughts and emotions for years and they came out hard when I quit. They are still coming out 4 months in but it's much more manageable and healthy. The bad feelings hurt but then they pass much more quickly for me instead of ruminating for days/weeks. I think it will get easier with more time man. We have to relearn how to feel.
I'm only 7 days in but I was dealing with this yesterday all the feels. I know part of them coming out was the alcohol leaving my system and that I hadn't dealt with some things but I also realized one thing: they're feelings. They'll come and go be stronger one day not so strong the next. I can try and pinpoint where they're coming from and how to deal with them but some days the feelings will do whatever the hell they want and I can try to do everything I can to minimize its effects on me but it's a feeling; and sometimes feelings don't make any sense. One thing I read somewhere was that I'll always have feelings but those feelings generally aren't permanent and to try to stop thinking they are. I know trying to control my feelings is part of me trying to control everything but knowing that sometimes the feelings are just uncontrollable but not permanent helps me (but for me that doesn't mean not doing what I can to minimize the impact of them I still try to do things to minimize the impact). I also realize alcohol only let me feel certain things which was usually the extreme of any feeling: extreme sadness extreme happiness extreme hopelessness. Sorry for the long wall of text hopefully it was helpful and thanks for reading it. I hope the struggle isn't so hard today :-)
&gt;Have I stunted my emotions ..Yes. Now you get to deal with them in a real way instead of kicking them down the road. This is not bad. It's real life as a human person. ..I found that the emotional life got more intense--but so did my ability to deal with it. So upset or angry about the relationship? Drinking is not an option and won't help. Going for a long run is an option and will help. Or having a conversation with a good friend. Or writing in my journal. Or reading and posting here. Thinking more clearly--which comes over time -- I mean months and years-- it doesn't make the problems go away. But it does mean we can live through them. 
This struggle is why AA meetings were so helpful to me.
Yep time for ya to start having to deal with feelings sober now! Congrats!! You'll relearn how do it over time. Some people are scared shitless of having to deal with things sober hence the drinking. You'll do good.
