-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rvuks/a_real_update/

I posted on here a lot last summer and then after a good 60-odd day run of sobriety fell off the map. As you can see from my badge (I just did another reset...) since then I've had difficulty maintaining a sober streak of more than a couple of weeks. So what happened to knock me off track and what's going to be different this time?..Well what happened is this: During my sobriety period some fairly stressful life events happened. Because y'know that's part of life. I was also going through some health issues. I guess on an underlying level I was hoping that giving up drinking would improve my health. Instead it got much worse. So when I didn't get the payoff from sobriety that I expected I petulantly gave up. Because y'know I didn't *really* have a problem... (Insert other stupid self-justifications here)..It *was* however a really big deal to me when it became clear that the future path I'd been working for and envisioning for myself was not going to happen. As my health got worse it became clear to me that the education/career path I'd been working on for the last couple of years was not going to be physically appropriate for me. In general it seems like full time work schedules lead to me getting sick and I'm also having difficulty with typing or writing for any length of time. It's been really tough for me to deal with these physical limitations and to give up this whole future I'd been working for. In hindsight this situation (and my reaction to it) is just a variation on the "I quit drinking to get my SO back but it didn't work so I'm giving up" scenario. I guess the lesson is that sobriety has to be seen as an end to itself. Yeah I'm giving up drinking because I hope it has a positive effect on me and various aspects of my life but I have to start seeing those as an added bonus. ..When I quit drinking I stopped hanging out with my friends as much..The only real support network I got involved with consistently was on here. Then I started having massive problems with using my hands and had to a take a serious break from the computer/smartphone. (I'm looking into dictation software but that's going to involve a computer upgrade of some sort.) I didn't have any solid real-life sobriety network to fall back on which left me very vulnerable to all sorts of stupid thoughts...I took a break from my part-time job and quit taking classes. I'm lucky that I'm in a relationship with someone who's willing and able to support me but it's pretty scary. It's also isolating since I've stopped seeing as many people over the course of my day. Most people I know don't seem to get how serious this is. When I've told friends about this the response has been along the lines of "I wish *I* didn't have to work." (I'm probably not explaining the situation well enough to them and for the most part I don't look visibly sick but I mean wow. Thanks for invalidating my experience.)..When shit hit the fan I ended up hanging out with my old friends again because I needed some friendship and support. Most of my friends aren't heavy drinkers and we do sober stuff together too. I could have hung out and not drank and no one would have made a big deal about it. But I got myself into a weird headspace. I felt like I was being a total kill-joy and that I needed to drink to amp myself up and be social. I didn't want to have another thing that was wrong with me so I just pretended to myself that I didn't have a drinking problem. I wanted to be "normal." I wanted to have "fun." ..This backfired. Aside from that fact that I am actually an alcoholic and one drink inevitably eventually leads to self-destructive uncontrollable drinking it wasn't a good way to meet my social needs. Situations where people are drinking are not generally good situations for discussing serious issues. So I'd see my friends and I wouldn't have any sort of real conversations with anyone about what's actually going on in my life. Which would reinforce my sense of isolation and worthlessness which of course leads to more drinking. Why did I not just go out for coffee with people one on one? I have no idea...I realize that people on here with some solid sobriety time would have suggested hitting some meetings. I had been going around to a couple of different AA meetings but I hadn't built up any relationships with people at any of them. Partly because I was worn out and having a hard time just making it through the basics of my days so adding in a couple of hours doing something else was just not physically possible. ..I'd also had some funky experiences at the last couple of meetings I went to. I didn't post about it on here because I didn't want to discourage anyone from trying it out for themselves. I think that that was a mistake because I should've been using this support group for support and not acting like I had it all figured out. So the short version is that AA started reminding me of going to church and not because of anything that was being said in the meeting. The social interactions were just feeling fake and like there were underlying motivations other than basic human kindness. ..It was most likely just the demographics of those meetings and honestly the main issue was me being too sick and tired to add something else into my life. But not being around people in recovery and not putting time and attention into my own recovery meant that on days when I *did* feel better drinking suddenly seemed like a reasonable option. ..I did go to one meeting that I've decided that I'm going to start attending regularly. One of the real strengths of AA (and recovery in general) is that it effects people in all demographics. What's attractive to me about this particular meeting is that it's agnostic and it's small so people get a chance to talk and really get to know each other. People seem like actual grownups with functioning lives. Also at least at the one meeting I was at everyone there had experienced significant mental and/or physical health issues. I haven't had any luck finding in-person support groups for my illness and most of the people I know just don't have enough personal experience dealing with kind of stuff to really get it. It's not the only issue impacting my life and my drinking/sobriety but it's a pretty big issue affecting me in general so I need to talk about it. And while I get that the "90 in 90" thing is helpful for many people it's a little daunting to me. I know that I can make it to one meeting a week in the long term so I'm gonna start with that...One of the main reasons I've had a hard time recommitting to sobriety is that I've had a hard time picturing a future to work toward. I can see now that that's the wrong approach. Even if nothing in my circumstances change or improve by me getting sober I'll be able to have a happier more meaningful life. The big changes happen on the inside...There was nothing inevitable about my relapse and nothing in my circumstances that was helped by drinking. I made a pretty conscious choice to just give up and start drinking again. And once I did I got back into that old mindset of "I'm gonna quit drinking by just not drinking." I didn't want to put any time or thought into it. I'm sure there must have been someone somewhere in the history of the world who's used that method and had it work out. For me the results are startlingly consistent: not actively thinking about my drinking problem leads to me drinking. And drinking leads to more drinking. It's so much easier to stay stopped than it is to quit...So anyway I hope you all are well. I'm not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back /u/ginger_sprout! I remember you from last summer when I first quit. The honesty and humility in this post is inspiring to me - thank you for sharing it. And I'm not drinking today either!
Thank you for sharing...I won't drink today either!  Except for this Coke Zero *sips*
Welcome back /u/ginger_sprout -- you have been missed.  In fact I believer there have been a couple of shout outs to you.    On the old 90 in 90 routine--I'm a believer.  I figure drinking and thinking about drinking or getting over the consequences of drinking occupied more that 1 hour a day for 90 days.  An effort at recovery taking that much time is the least I can do this--for myself.  And there are very good and practical reasons for the advice in terms of breaking down the walls of inhibition.  Regardless I'm so glad you are back among your friends.
I'm glad you're back /u/ginger_sprout. It seems like we as addicts need some serious motivation to make the changes necessary for sobriety. Sounds like you may have found it "on the inside."
Welcome back Sprout!  Your absence has been noticed.  
