-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rwua2/i_got_angry_and_it_was_good/

Two months of low booze two weeks totally clean--..For the past couple of years I've struggled with apathy. I've often wondered to myself why I never feel anger or rage in situations where I should be pissed off. It's led to me getting walked over and not even caring that I have been trampled. I've just gone with the flow and done nothing about it because I really didn't care...Today I had to deal with a certain multimedia conglomerate over a service issue. Things were not working correctly I was misled on what exactly I had signed up for and nobody I spoke to on the phone was much help at all. I got super frustrated. After working on this project an hour and a half I wanted to throw the remote I was so mad! It felt awesome to be honest...I didn't act a jerk though. Instead of taking it out on the customer service reps in this moment I realized that I really didn't need these stupid services anyway and politely told them to cancel my subscription immediately...I know it sounds small and stupid but 6mo ago I probably would have tolerated the bullshit and continued to dole out hard earned cash for something that wasn't up to snuff just because I would be too apathetic and anxious to do anything about it.
----------immediate responses--------

I found that I get more frustrated with people especially drunks. Drinking was always a good way for me to ease up on being so critical of others. Now I just let it out.
I hear you... I was the same way apathetic and anxious. And it always ended up costing me money.
There is a saying about emotions in AA that is suggested by your post: as regards emotions there is good news and bad news.  The good news is that we get our emotions back the bad news is that we get our emotions back.  ..In recovery my central nervous system healed as much if not more than my body.  That means that my brain was making connections which previously had been depressed by the chemical alcohol (ETOH).  These new neural paths led directly to an onslaught of emotions including rage anger boredom and weeping.  The danger of course is that while wave after wave of new emotions washed over me I would drink.  The way I avoided going to the default drink was recovery.
Ahhh yes..I would get angry and feel used - and drink - great solution!  Then tell everyone about how trampled on I was - which led to being more trampled on by people around me.  So the "coping" meant do nothing and just drink.  Self-esteem was zero and I just kept thinking why don't people like me because I'm such a nice person?  Why did I look after my son's young friends for up to a week and not even get thanked by the parents?   ..Now I know why.  You need ego to be appreciated.  And VelvetDevil you showed great self-esteem by cancelling the service!!  No need to drink today. :)
