-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ry37v/the_longest_ive_gone_for_7_or_8_years_without/

I can't really even remember the dates that my drinking started. Not even the year really. I thought it was one year then I'm remembering it being another... Bleh.. Side effect of all the drinking I guess...I've hit day 14 again. I've done it one other time (a few years ago) and that time I decided to try and see if I could drink in moderation since I could go 14 days. Failed of course. I've since come to learn that drunks can't drink moderately. And I'm a drunk...I've been extremely positive since I got passed my 3-4 day hump feeling really great. But something is different today. I'm tired of being positive. I'm tired of being "proud" of not doing something for a few days that most people can just "take it or leave it." It feels so stupid to me to want props and to give props for this. I know alcohol is deadly poison. I know it ruins lives. But I'm kinda just like "whatever." Back to my old way of thinking. I don't believe in any gods or higher powers (and no matter how much I want to I can't) and I know I'm going to die after an uneventful life anyway so why not be a wastiod? It makes me sad to see people 500+ days in and still battling the temptation. It makes me sad to "crave" this Reddit. It makes me sad to replace sobriety obsession with drunkenness. I don't like reality. Never have...I'm very sorry for this post. I know it goes against the spirit of what we're trying to do here. I know we all struggle from time to time but when it's actually happening to you it's easy to say fuck it. I WON'T DRINK TODAY. I finally get the need to do this day by day... I want to be sober I think. But meh....No one needs to respond to this. I don't know why I'm writing it. I've seen statistics thrown around that something like a 5th of posts get deleted by the topic creator. I hope that I will snap back to that positive binge I was having and I will promptly delete this tomorrow or the next day. Until then... :\
----------immediate responses--------

Don't delete it's a valid thing to say. It was my third week I got 'meh' quite a lot here go through a meh stage just wanted to say I got through it and I'm glad I did. ..&gt;&gt;and I know I'm going to die after an uneventful life anyway..are you though? you have a choice now? This is the main thing sobriety has given me. I've not sorted my career yet or a host of other crap but I've decided what I want for 5 years time more than anything and that's to have a child or adopt. My motivation for being sober now is achieving the series of steps that will enable me to do this. I can DO shit when I'm sober...Everyone is different with the battling temptation thing. For me it's being easier than I thought once I was over what you called 'the hump'. Some people do do day to day it's clearly amazingly helpful. Go back to the baby steps if you want to or feel the need just please try to stick with it. ..And the fanfare is valid at least among drunks like us! 14 days is awesome. I celebrated my 14th day with some chocolate because it's the longest I'd gone since 2006!..Good luck!
I applaud your honesty. To be frank I sorta feel like this in a way sometimes. I'm similar ways in.. 13 days but after being sober it can be painful reality for me. I still crave to just numb the depression or anxiety I feel. ..I think I'm a bit more optimistic than you though. Change is not easy. The days go by slow when I'm sober.
[deleted]
"I don't like reality. Never have." ..I hear what you are saying there for sure. I am about a week behind you here and still feeling mostly positive but I know the days will come when I think; fuck that life is still shitty so I may as well drink. ..What I figure is don't I at least owe myself the opportunity to try and find out if I can shape it into something I can enjoy? I know that is gonna take a while and some hard work but if I don't do this now then I may never know if I can do it at all...To that end I am bit just removing alcohol from my life but trying to replace it gradually with new habits like the gym volunteering whatever stuff I never got round to coz I was busy drinking. ..Hope that helps good luck. 
For what it is worth my higher power has relieved me of the craving and obsession to drink.  It can happen!
Wow a great post.  Thank you so much and I hope you keep posting and commenting.  You are proving that a positive attitude goes a long way towards getting over the hump.  BTW I'm a drunk too.
I think the feelings of craving this subreddit or obsession with sobriety will fade (I hope at least). I was obsessed with drinking/intoxication for a LONG time. No big surprise that a new obsession appeared when I stopped the behavior. I used to look down on "recovery culture" as people who were "replacing their addiction" but shit how can we expect ourselves to eliminate it immediately with one decision? ..Anyway I relate to the meh moods and think this kind of post is good and honest. Take care.
