-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sgv5v/update_from_struggling_with_24_hours_sober_to/

Sorry about the titlegore. Here's my story It's embarrassing but helps keep me on the narrow.  ..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rhv41/im_30_minutes_away_from_24_hours_sober_im/ ..I told a fellow redditor I'd give an update on my progress so here I am.  The first 3 days I didn't sleep...I am still not sleeping as well as I did after a flask or two but I am getting by now.  The headache stopped after day 4 it got a little bit better every day. I've been to 2 meetings with a friend...while I find them helpful it doesn't feel like I'm struggling with sobriety as much as others. I just don't want to drink anymore and that is working for me. Probably about 5 times in the past 10 days I've thought about drinking. Whether something bad happened or something good it seems like my reflex is to think about having a drink.  But that's exactly what it feel like...a reflex. I just have to stop and remind myself that it's not an option any longer...and amazingly it hasn't been that difficult for me. I find having a piece of candy or a bag of chips is satisfying enough...I know  that is not sustainable health-wise but it's working for me right now. The hours I spent drinking are now spent reading or playing video games...still feel bored often at night.  Oddly enough I don't feel much happier...I hope that changes.  I hope everyone else is doing well but what I am learning is that just quitting drinking is not the key to happiness...you have to rewire your brain to live without alcohol and that is what takes time.  In any case this is longest I've been sober since I started drinking heavily 5 or 6 years ago.  I may not have the answers right now or wisdom to offer but I still don't want to drink.  I can definitely say the first 3-4 days was much worse than days 4-10.  Good luck to you all join me as I join others in the decision to not drink tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Seems like you are headed down a brighter path! Good job...I find talking about my cravings with my spouse helps. He will try to redirect my attention to something else. Perhaps your GF could do the same? 
Sounds like you are doing well! Yes my drinking definitely felt like a reflex. It was so natural to just arrive at the thought of a drink so often during the day. Keep it up.
I remember my first day and my tenth day like yesterday.  It feels so good now i had depressed/sad moments but without the poison i went throught it so much better...I went to a Smart Recovery meeting i realized that some people had it worst then me too.  i felt a bit uncomfortable about that.  But it was nice to know that if i have bad urges it is always a place...
One thing I learned is that I didn't get magically happier. I was sick and anxious and it was hard but even after that stage passed I was not happy. It led to a lot of relapses. People here say that when you stop drinking you begin to feel again. It doesn't mean you'll feel happy. ..For me I had to solve other issues before I got happier - and I definitely am now!
Great post. I'm a bit earlier and days 1 2 and 3 were brutal but things started to change shortly thereafter. You may not feel 'happier' now but ask yourself were you really happy drunk? I know I wasn't. I was just numb. I'm looking forward to continue collecting days and growing as it sounds like you are doing. Not drinking tonight either. See you around.
I'm with you mate. Not a drink today not a drink. And I'm going to haul my arse down to a meeting instead of slacking off eating :)
