-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sh7ie/things_really_are_getting_better/

Hey guys I haven't posted in awhile but I have just been thinking a lot about my recovery and where I am at right now and I just wanted to share some of these thoughts. ..About now marks my one year anniversary of finding this wonderful place. I think I know stumbling on to here was the best drunken decision/mistake/what have you I have ever made. Seeing this community and reading the posts I couldn't not keep lurking. I couldn't get it all out of my mind. I kept drinking but it was like a bug that latched on to my brain I couldn't get rid of it....The entire year after I found this place I was drinking pretty much nightly and blacking out on the weekends. (Although during the time I legitimately couldn't understand that that's what I had been doing. I would have told you I didn't drink every day. That I had some periods of  sobriety  sprinkled here and there.) I was ridiculously obsessed with taking alcohol assessments and quizzes. I took them almost every night. I lied on them bended the truth justified my drinking by saying  well this shouldn't apply to me I am a student.  I thought about it every single night. The thought haunted me. Was I an alcoholic? I lurked here every night as I drank alone in my windowless room. I struggled for almost the entire year like this. I won't go too much into detail it's not really the point of this post that's another post for another day but on Halloween I took my last drink and on November 1st I had my last encounter with drugs. My sobriety date is November 2 2014. ...The past two plus months haven't been easy. Not just in terms of simply not drinking but also dealing with the aftermath of my drinking. I fell so far behind in school and I am literally still catching up. I am still learning to cope with my problems focussing and with my anxiety. I'm trying (and realising I might be failing) to mend a nearly broken relationship. I'm still trying to balance a non-existent budget that has been sapped dry by my alcohol and drug use. I tried to mend my relationship with my parents who I had pushed away and largely ignored. They forgave me things are much better on that front. The two months after I stopped I was crying almost every night from stress. I had multiple meltdowns but this time I refused to turn to alcohol. I started talking it through with friends my parents my counsellor and my new (amazing) friends who I have made in recovery. I spent quality time with quality people doing quality things to relieve my stress. I also learned to give myself a break. ...I emailed my professors and was completely honest with them. I hadn't done a lick of work all semester and they all granted me extensions. One even told me he had  great respect  for me. I got a guinea pig which relieved a lot of my stress. I started doing yoga. I avoided all the parties I had previously tried to go to sober (and that left me bored miserable and wanting to drink). And my social life has improved. I started going for more walks and reading more. Now life feels more alive. I notice more appreciate more. I have more patience with strangers even my driving has improved. Time is more structured. I actually know the days of the week now (who woulda thunk?!). I am in school part time taking three classes that interest me and that excite me. I am ahead of my readings....At the end of today (because I won't be drinking today!) I'll have had 74 consecutive days sober. Which feels fucking amazing. Its the longest I've ever been sober since I started drinking at the age of 13. When I look back to when I first found this wonderful place it reminds me of how far I've come and how far I can continue to go. How I am distancing myself from the insanity each day I stay sober. I feel like I am finally building the life I was meant to live. Things are far from perfect. I am still stressed. I still get cravings. I know I'm still in early recovery. I don't want to get cocky. But for the first time in a long time I feel  normal.  Not great not shitty. Just normal. And that is fucking fantastic. ..I hope you all have a wonderful sober day wherever you are. Much love whatishappe. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Love hearing good news like this! Keep up the good work and stay vigilant...Guinea pigs are fucking awesome. Just sayin. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/Guinea_Pig_eating_apple.JPG
Thanks! I love awesome posts like this one!
&gt;for the first time in a long time I feel  normal.  Not great not shitty. Just normal. And that is fucking fantastic...A-fucking-men!
Thank you for this. Great post great progress great success so far! Don't be a stranger - I look forward to hearing more from you!
Well done and thanks for a great post!   Onwards and upwards :)
I took my last drink on Halloween too! And had a year very similar to yours before that. Nice job I'm right here with you :-)
Thanks for this encouraging post it is great to read. If you don't mind me asking how did you find the courage to email your professors? I am in a similar situation.. Didn't do a scrap of work last term handed in all of my assignments incomplete barely attended lectures and just avoided everyone. I know I should come clean with them but the anxiety is stopping me from this. .Thanks again for taking time to share I hope life continues to get better for you :) 
Awesome job! I want to feel normal too!~ :(
