-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sj2lo/struggling_a_bit/

Here I am a month sober for the first time in over a decade.  This last month has brought me a long list of positive consequences from not drinking.  I'm happier feel better sleep better and have been working like I was reborn focused and driven.  However I am beginning to feel the strain a bit.  .I have a very demanding job on call 24/7 usually work between 40-70 hours a week depending on what problems I need to resolve.  This last week has been a long one working from sun up to sun down and repeating the next day.  I'm tired and the urge to drink has become a constant throughout my days.  .So far I have continued to keep myself sober but my mind is invaded by thoughts of drinking all day long.  The idea sounds so good a beer would taste delicious right now being able to mentally tune out the world sounds pretty good right now.  My brain keeps telling me how I can just take this weekend off and tune the world out trying to goad me into drinking and I'm not going to lie everyday the idea sounds more and more appealing.  .So far I have been able to remind myself that I need to stay focused on work can't/don't want to be hung over and ultimately I know that what I really need is a quiet restful day.  .So yesterday I hit up a book store and bought a few new books to read.  Today I'll hit up the grocery store and pick up something fun to cook.  When my weekend away from work comes I'm hoping to fill my time with food and quiet reading.  I'm going to try and relax without alcohol to tune out the world on my own terms.  .I won't drink today but these invasive thoughts are new and difficult to overcome.  Wish me luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly you sound like you're too busy to drink. I don't know how you did it before nor how you could do it again...Good luck. I know you won't drink.
Sounds like you are doing well but for them thoughts for me that is where meetings come in.  When the thoughts come I go to a meeting and they quickly subside.  There is other stuff you can do as well as you have suggested  if you need a few more suggestions check out the [bored wiki page](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored)...Ps my sister told me to say hi back to you. o/.. best of luck
My sister said "Hi" too--but for me at least learning to isolating that "voice" understanding that is my addiction talking made learning and implementing sober strategies a priority.  I was able to do this via AA meetings and working a recovery program.  
Great check-in after a month and congrats. ..Having these obsessive thoughts about alcohol--what does that say about how pervasive alcohol is--I mean for me that wasn't healthy. No obsession with something that is damaging to us is healthy...It's not unusual to have thoughts like these. You've done a month sort of "proved" something and... what's next? Living like this indefinitely? Kind of feels like standing on the edge of a cliff... all the time. ..What happens next is that you might start to learn new ways to live by acting them out. So far you may feel that you've done *without*--that you're lacking alcohol from your routine. ..Over time we can establish new routines that don't include alcohol. We replace old harmful behaviors with new ones little by little. As we do alcohol is displaced in importance. We're no longer "not drinking" and become nondrinkers and eventually just sober people. To me "sober" means I lack nothing I want. (Many people use the word interchangeably with not drinking but I don't for myself.)..That's a possible "what's next." I'm curious about what you're doing so far and whether you can change some things up and step up the game to defeat these thoughts. What's worked for you so far? And what could you do to keep extending your program?
It sounds like you work in IT :)..I had to channel that energy into exercise to help de-stress and blow off steam. It really helped me. Good luck and congrats on 32 days!
My first 30 days were like yours but I found those drinking related thoughts start to go away after awhile.  It continues to get easier as I put more distance between me and drinking.  Congrats on 30 days!
