-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2smxbm/6_days_sober_and_i_relapsed/

I couldn't get a week in. Maybe tomorrow is a new day? Ten years drunk. I'm sorry :(
----------immediate responses--------

Day by day my friend. Focus on each day and see it for an accomplishment.  Don't feel sorry because you relapsed feel happy because tomorrow you will jump back up on the wagon and start sobriety again :) and when that happens I won't drink in honor of you :)
No need to be sorry..Hang in there.  It took me numerous tries before it actually clicked.  I would suggest trying something different this time since what you tried last time didn't last.
What happened exactly?
Don't be sorry.  Just get back on the horse (wagon) and try again.  You have to learn to crawl before you walk and that applies to all things in life including sobriety.  It also takes time to undo the years of damage and dependence that you've built up.
Let's do it!
Welcome back! There is no need to apologize. Alcohol is powerful so protecting yourself from it is critical. It sounds like you could use more support. Learning to live a sober life without teachers is almost impossible after ten years of alcohol abuse.  I found helpers in therapy and at support group meetings. ..One minute one morning one day at a time. 
As /u/zerocool_31 asks 'what happened?'..Try to figure that out 'cause it's gonna happen again. Be ready for it.
You can do this MasterFu! I would ask myself what I did that was good in the 6 days before relapse and what I can add/change to that to stay sober longer. As corny as it sounds everyday is a new day to change. I always think of the Nina Simone song "Feeling Good" "It's a new dawn it's a new day it's a new life for me." We get that everyday and so do you. You can do this MasterFu! Stay safe my fellow sobie. 
Righty hoh!..Back up on the horse.   Keep trying until you can stay in the saddle.
The reason many of us ask 'What happened?' isn't to shame you. I can hear you shaming yourself with the 'I'm sorry.' No need for that friend I understand. It wasn't until I found myself a support group that asked me that kind of hard question that I started learning and improving my attempt to get sober avoiding the pitfalls of before. So what happened? How did you end up making the decision that you regret? Maybe if you talk about it you might be able to find that bit of perspective that will make tomorrow the new day for sure.
Sorry about the setback ..Believe me I know how tough a battle it is. Try to get your head clear and give it a another try. .Take care of yourself.
It is so great you came back right away! And as everyone else has pointed out - look at what happened what was your thinking? Your location? Your mood? No need for apologies.
I honestly don't know what happened. The best I can think of it was just Friday. At the time it seemed like I was rewarding myself. I screwed up a lot this weekend by drunk texting. Sometimes I wish I could work 7 days a week it seems easier to stay sober. The weekend rolls around and it's time for a reward. Now I just feel like s***! The funny thing is I knew I would and did it anyways.
