-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2snuj0/why_the_fuck_am_i_doing_this_this_is_worse_then/

This is my second attempt at sobriety and it's feeling a lot like the first time I got past two weeks or so. All I can think about all the time is how much my life sucks and how much I want to numb the pain with alcohol...I've struggled with severe anxiety my entire life and gave up drinking in part because I thought it would help. It did a little but not enough. Problems come up in my life and I have too much anxiety to do anything about them. Not only do the problems get worse I get a reminder about how worthless I am and how my anxiety keeps me locked up in a cage. I've thought about going to AA meetings seeing a therapist or even telling someone IRL but I can't because there's too much fear...Before I stopped drinking I thought about killing myself all the time because I felt so hopeless and worthless. Now the haze is gone but I'm still hopeless and worthless and it's so vivid now. I'm thinking about killing myself again because my life has gotten significantly worse in the past few days and it doesn't show any signs of stopping. At least when I drank I didn't have these horrible vivid dreams every night either...I'm gonna curl into a ball and cry. Maybe I'll make it through the day maybe I won't it doesn't seem to matter much anymore...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Its your secrets which are killing you. The fear will lift when you come "out of the bottle" so to speak.  AA worked for me despite my issues reservations objections and most of all  my pigheadedness. ..Being among people who understand down to several decimal points is incredibly freeing...And yes it matters you would not let anyone else do to you what you are doing to yourself...  And it gets better so much better faster than you can believe...[hang in there](http://i.imgur.com/utfP5El.jpg)
&gt; I've thought about going to AA meetings seeing a therapist or even telling someone IRL but I can't because there's too much fear...Let's examine the fear.  What are you afraid of?
Sorry you are having such a tough time.  Transcendental meditation really helped with deal with my alcohol-withdrawal induced anxiety and my stress levels are greatly reduced after months of practicing it even when stressful situations arise...Please also consider a suicide hotline if you are seriously considering killing yourself.  
The 2-3 week point for me was BRUTAL. Just keep a plug in the jug and things will get better. Push through this feeling.
&gt;Before I stopped drinking I thought about killing myself all the time because I felt so hopeless and worthless. Now the haze is gone but I'm still hopeless and worthless and it's so vivid now. I'm thinking about killing myself again because my life has gotten significantly worse in the past few days and it doesn't show any signs of stopping. At least when I drank I didn't have these horrible vivid dreams every night either...My big thing was that I was the piece of shit at the center of the universe. I was really full of self loathing. I got through that in AA.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your found through the hardest part now  but you can make or.  It gets better.  Also you've come across what I found to be the most important realization in my recovery.  Abstinence doesn't solve any of my problems  emotional psychological or  in general.  It makes me more aware of them and thus seemingly worse.  But abstinence allows me to work on them.  That is where I found relief. Working on myself through the anxiety and depression. I highly suggest aa. You may find many people who have felt like you do and are now happy.  I don't like all of aa but that aspect was very important for me. 
bro search on youtube for "emotional freedom technique for anxiety" and pick videos and follow along with them you will feel better within minutes when anxiety comes up again do it again it is a temporary feeling you can get through it you can be free of it forever eventually ... good luck
