-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2solbc/no_point_in_lying_my_dry_january_ended_today/

No drama  but I underestimated the  effort required.  After 2 weeks  I was tired of fighting it off every night.   I'm addicted.  My wife said 'look you done well you've learned a lot of lessons have a couple of drinks. But understand not to get soaked every night.  You know that now."   I knew immediately and told her "I'm absolutely not interested in one or two.  If I drink tonight I know  where it's going. ". . So without any disrespect for the struggles some people face is there any space for re introducing discipline and it and not abusing alcohol ?..As I've stated before I am a good drunk.  Alcohol very rarely impinges on my job as a dad or in work.  I have none of the ruination that and tragedy that I read about here.  I manage it.  But I am a drinker there's no escaping that..
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholism is a progressive disorder and in my experience it never gets better.  But let me ask: you were fighting it everyday using what recovery tools?
I drank moderately for days on end in between out of control periods of months to years for over 30 years..Thats how moderation worked for me.
&gt;I'm addicted...Yet so many people on this sub prove that being addicted doesn't mean that you have to drink. I'm addicted to alcohol that's why I *don't* drink...&gt;"But understand not to get soaked every night. You know that now...Do I understand you correctly.....You used to get soaked every night but now that you have found out that you cannot stop drinking you have learned to not get soaked every night?..&gt;"I'm absolutely not interested in one or two. If I drink tonight I know where it's going. "..Are you drinking right now?..&gt;is there any space for re introducing discipline and it and not abusing alcohol ?..I'm sorry it's 1 am over here and I've had a long day. My brain is tired fried and my English-to-Norwegian translator is a bit wonky. Do you mean re-introducing discipline to your drinking so you can drink and not abuse alcohol?..If so then I think only you can answer that since moderation in my understanding is based on willpower...I tried moderation so many times but when I have a drink *I'm absolutely not interested in one or two. If I drink I know where it's going.*..That's why I can't do disciplined moderation.
I like the mental exercise that some people post on here of "playing the tape forward." I am also a "good drunk." I do not have any arrests I have never driven drunk I do not fight physically or even verbally with people. But when I play the tape forward I know that I cannot sustain this forever. Eventually I will slip back into obesity depression and all the problems that I have struggled with in the past. ..I've already proven to myself that I cannot moderate. One drink ends up with me passing out drunk. If I keep drinking I'll end up where the more extreme cases are. I might have a bit more rope than those folks but I'd rather stop now before I end up there.
[deleted]
Everyone has to make their own decisions since it is their own life.  I decided that drinking was no longer fun in anyway and I only did it because I was addicted.  I was addicted and felt like crap all the time except a drink made me feel normal (not good or happy just normal) and so I would drink most nights until I blacked out...I also started out as a very social drinker.  In fact early on I couldn't even drink because I could not stand the taste of any of it.  I learned to just slam vodka because then I didn't have to taste it.  What I am trying to say in a long winded way was that drinking for me did not impinge on my life my role as a father husband son brother friend co-worker etc. until it did.  And once it did I was so far in it took me a long time and a lot of effort to stop...To try and answer your question I was unable to drink without abusing alcohol and even more so have alcohol abuse me.  That being said I am only one person and there are people who claim to have gone back to disciplined drinking.  I know one was Johnny Depp who quit because he was having major issues.  Then he said he only drank wine with dinner but I saw him pretty recently and he seemed pretty heavily intoxicated on stage giving out an award at the Hollywood Film Awards.  Supposedly his fiance was none too pleased either.  So doesn't seem despite his claims that he is able to discipline himself...TL DR - I would suggest you look at the reasons why you decided to go dry in January in the first place.  If it was not affecting you negatively why did you want to stop?  Maybe that will give you an answer.
There are some serious mental gymnastics in this post. You are rationalizing unhealthy and risky behaviour. The fact that you are even having this conversation hints that there is a problem. Normal people don't ask themselves if they have a problem. Bottom line is do you want to wait for alcohol to start affecting your job and kids and life in general in a very negative fashion? It will eventually. Most of us that have experienced tragedy asked these same questions before ultimately realizing its progressive and permanent. Good luck to you in your efforts.
[deleted]
I am a good drunk too. The 18 DUIs i've had in a lifetime are just bad luck!
