-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sp25w/rehab_may_have_been_the_worst_thing_ive_ever_done/

Did I need it?  No question really.  I was drinking about a pint of bourbon a day + who knows how many beers per night.  I took shots as soon as I woke up to kill the shakes the works.  Yes.  I needed to sober up for my health if for no other reason.  ..In that regard I had a great rehab experience.  My two week stay was wonderful.  I learned a lot the staff was perfect and I truly believe that I made some lasting friendships among my recovering ilk...I've been out now for nearly 5 months.  I still can't shake the stigma.  ..I was very open with friends family and co-workers that I needed some help to break the chains of booze.  I told them where I was going.  Most were surprised.  A common convo went like this:..Friend/CoWorker:  "I would never have known that you had a drinking problem.  I don't think I've ever seen you drunk."..Me:  "In truth you've probably never seen me sober."..My family knew of course that I was a heavy drinker.  But here's the thing.....In *both* cases  (with family and co-workers) I was very high-functioning.  Never had a DUI never went to jail always paid my bills.  Never late for work in fact I *excelled* at my job even at my most booze-addled worst; won frequent accolades from the boss in fact.  At home I was a good father and husband.  My family never wanted for anything and my kids have always been surrounded by a loving encouraging father.  My kids by the way never saw me drink outside of some beers while watching football and such  (regular "Dad-beer-intake").  ..So I fess up to them all to hold myself accountable *(I think)* and enter rehab.  It was *my* decision to do so.  I wasn't court ordered I didn't hit "rock bottom" in the traditional sense.  *I wanted to go.*..I do my stay and detox.  Once out I start going to IOP and meetings.  I'm taking my meds  (Lexapro for depression Campral for cravings and Seroquel to sleep) and I'm off the booze.  I'm nearly 5 months straight...All is good.  And yes I feel better.  What you've heard about getting clean is true  (though not quite as mind blowing as I've read some posts but that's another story)!..*Here's the thing though.*  Since admitting that I have a drinking problem I feel I'm under so much scrutiny from everyone.  I should never have told them - although I don't know how I could have avoided it.  I needed to explain my two weeks off from work and clearly I had to tell my wife and immediate family...If I make a simple mistake at work there are whispers.  "Do you think he's drinking again?"..I take out some money from ATM.  Wife notices and asks "Have you been drinking again?"..Bear in mind in both cases...*I feel the need to stress this again*...neither my co-workers or my wife knew the amount I was drinking until I told them.  I don't have a "rap sheet" with either of them nor do I deserve the scrutiny...People are suddenly quiet around me.  Any time the subject of drink comes up; maybe they're relaying to friends that they were at the bar last night and someone told them an interesting fact or a funny story - they choke up as soon as I enter the conversation.  As if the very mention of them being at a watering hole is going to send me into relapse...I hate this.  I feel like I should have just cleaned up on my own and kept my mouth shut.  ..I won't lie.  The thought has crossed my mind:  "Well fuck it.  If they all think I'm just a raging drunk...why not pick up a bottle on the way home?!  Who the hell cares?  I'm going to be labeled this way forever...might as well embrace this shit!"..Has anyone else experienced this?..For those of you considering rehab - take the above to heart.  That should *not* stop you from going to rehab  (again I had a great experience and would be happy to expand on that if you want to send me a PM).  But maybe reconsider who you choose to confide in...Also - something they won't tell you in rehab:  Chocolate.  You'll want a metric shit ton of chocolate and sugar in general when you get clean.  Stock up and don't count on saving much money since you quit the sauce.  For a while anyway your booze fund will just become your chocolate fund.
----------immediate responses--------

I remember having similar thoughts to you. The reality is I can never know what is going on in another person's mind. In the past I've had a tendency to interpret the actions of other people as being unfair against me until I realized that I was taking myself way too seriously. These days I try to use the 'principle of charity' by assuming the best motivation for other people - I can never really know if I'm wrong. ..I can go around assuming people are out to get me or they are on my side. Isn't which of these is true less important than how believing either one impacts my life? ..
Many people experience all of these things before they get sober...Maybe you experiencing all of this after you get sober is your big consequence...
Sorry to hear that.  I've had the opposite experience friends family and coworkers have all been very supportive. ..It hasn't happened in a long time (at least a year) but I did on occasion have people ask me if I'd started drinking again - because I seemed withdrawn not myself etc.  And part of me wanted to be upset and say something ike 'no don't you trust me?' but then I realized that wait no they *don't* trust me because I lied to their faces for so long in the past.  All I could do was keep living my sober life and show them that no I hadn't started drinking again. ..edit: some friends were also a bit hesitant to mention drinking around me till I told them I really didn't give a shit. 
Yup it happened to me. It passes. 
This too shall pass once they get used to the sober you and it's what they expect they will find new petty things to obsess on.
The only real difference between my story and yours is I was drinking 1 to 2 liters of vodka a day I did 30 days rehab and mine was 15 months ago. All the same stuff happened to me after. It does get better. But the aftermath is just another part of owning your problem. It will pass if you let it pass. My friends didn't want to drink around me. Until I good naturedly assured them several times it was ok and I wasn't going to be tempted because of their drinking. Nobody would talk about their weekends if it involved drinking or bars. Until I would join the conversation with my favorite beer or my favorite brand of cheap vodka. Mostly people are just uncomfortable because they really don't know how they are supposed to act. Sometimes all you have to do is remind them a few times how they are supposed to act. It's still me. I'm doing this thing but you don't have to do it with me. You don't have to coddle me or protect me from the evil booze. But it all must be done in a friendly humorous way. Not with exasperation. And some people may never re warm up to you. It's all part of it. And I take it as it comes. The people that truly cared about me before still do and the rest can just be any way they want to. Maybe a new job if it's that bad. Don't let this get you down. Just keep living with it stay strong and it will be a lot better in a few more months.
On the topic of your friend/coworker commenting on never having seen you drunk and you responding you've probably never seen me sober. Having had some degree of recovery and rehab experience you may know this but some people may not: resistance to the intoxicating effects of alcohol is a *marker* for alcoholism or a strong indicator of a potential problem. I used to use the fact that I could drink a lot and "never seem drunk" as a reason I didn't actually have a problem. In fact the opposite was true.
I agree with OP that it's a good idea to be discrete about who you talk to about your drinking problem or alcoholism whatever the case may be.  I went to a month long rehab a year ago and never told anyone at work.  In the U.S. we are legally protected from having to disclose anything related to medical treatment to our employers.  They aren't even allowed to ask about it.  I am very glad I just told them I needed a medical leave of absence and left it at that.  It had no repercussions on my job whatsoever in fact I've received a company award since then.  It would have been a mistake to disclose this to people at work.  The reality is there are boundaries in life and the founders of aa chose the word anonymous very intentionally and for good reason.  I don't need my boss to know anything about my alcoholism or how I deal with it.  All that would do is cause me more problems and I need those like I need a hole in the head.  I do need my family and you guys and the people in aa to know because that's the only way for me to get better.  Just my opinion though.
I have three years now after drinking for fifty.  When I look back at the changes I have been through over that time I am simply amazed at the amount of brain damage or brain paralysis I had (have).  I work a fairly rigorous recovery program and I have come a long way from where I was when I thought I was "recovered".  So far in fact that I get a weird satisfaction out of reading some of my journal entries from as recently as last year and seeing that if I keep working it might not end.  I think it is a human tendency to say "enough of this shit things are just dandy now!" when the work is not done.  It has been my experience that some pretty strange psycho-emotional effects can be expected for a considerable time after the booze stops.  These PAWS (post acute withdrawal symptoms) can take many different forms of freakiness manifesting as extreme boredom sadness anxiety paranoia or other strange feelings.  They pass if you have a good program and keep in honest contact with others.  I have met a few people who claim they were able to manage a quick recovery without secondary effects after years of alcoholic drinking but I think they are lying...But that is just me.
Hi. You have a very interesting story.  Something you should try doing is going back over those thought processes regarding stigma.  Maybe that's coming from you?  This is going to sound funny but you should be proud of yourself and your journey.  Don't be ashamed that you're an alcoholic; lots of people are.  Just own it own your recovery and be proud that you cleaned up.  Nothing is sexier than a man who owns up to his problems and fixes them.  Plus you become a model to others this way as well. Don't look at this from a place of shame anymore look at it from a place of strength and pride.  You're human and you tackled a flaw that you had.  So hold your head up and be proud of it.  Talk to anyone about it who wants to talk to you.  Chances are they may be trying to source info on how to sober up themselves or help someone they know.....Oh yes the chocolate.  I ate chocolate cake for dinner every night during the first 3 months of my sobriety and I was DAMNED proud of it.  :)
[deleted]
Very interesting. Thanks for posting. 
