-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2spx1w/trying_hard_but_cant_get_past_day_3_it_stopped/

The kinds of posts have been helpful on here so far but they seem to be about week 2-3  hell' and I'm like .damn. week 2-3??? I'm struggling with DAY 2-3...I medicate with alcohol. I've tried years of antidepressant stuff but it tends to slow down my thought and make me feel  numb'..I know when being off them I can feel radiant smiles and positive energy flowing over me when I'm really happy about a good joke or whatever is going on in the moment. ..However when I'm down all I want to do is imagine myself in my own art movie where I imagine filming myself parachuting and landing on the ocean and turning into waves of rainbows and being absorbed by the ocean...AND I HATE ART MOVIES!!..I've wanted to quit. Same ol story girl I loved a bunch got hammered trying to escape a manic low then proceeded to emotionally tear her apart. Same thing with close friends. I just rip into them emotionally. I don't know why I do this. There's been no abuse in my past but I definitely get emotionally abusive when drunk...The phrase  Drunken words are sober thoughts!  is the dumbest things ever because I have never thought the kind of vehement thoughts I've said to people when I am sober minded. I don't know who that is. That person is a crazy person...I can escape the depression by a drink just a sip but it seems now when I do the pendulum no longer swings from sad to happy but JUST sad to pure rage. To the point where I look at myself in the mirror and I yell like a demon is possessed inside of me. I've thought about punching the mirror but I've stuck with being at least somewhat rational and punching the wall...Well got arrested because I bought some beer at a convenience store and gave the guy an extra 5 bucks and he refused and said he doesn't want my money. I just went off and yelled all kinds of crazy non-sense. Cops got called they came and I got arrested for screaming that I lived a block down the street and didn't even drive and calling them not so friendly words and was secretly hoping someone was filming while I was being dramatic so I could be on youtube standing up to the man even though I probably sounded like a lunatic...I have no idea. ..I know going to AA is the thing to do and such but damn. I don't feel special. I don't have a sad story. I just want to make it past day three without drugs 'numbing medication' or a beer. ..I have no anxiety problems I just encounter crippling depression and then drink. next day memory of what that depression is like realize that logically I probably should not drink and tell myself I am not going to then day three hits and the process of .....'NOT today!!! Believe in YOURSELF. You can do it!!!' voice fights with the actual emotions I feel inside which is complete and utter despair. Just bleak soul sucking suicidal darkness and I see that orange glow of the  open' sign and I know steel reserver is about 2 bucks each. If I go to this other liquor store they got free tasters. Some dumbass girl telling me the details of how her shitty vodka is made or whatever while I pretend to be classy and sniff it chug it and leave ...I'm not interested in anti-depresents or xanax because I tried all that stuff for years while also being huge and I got off them lost a lot of weight and don't like the  numbness' those kinds of drugs bring...My question is HOW do you get past week 1?? I want 3 week hell!! I'd like to experience that! I can't even get to week 1! How do you seriously escape this crazy ass roller coaster while maintaining a someone sane mask and not letting  normal' folks (the kind that say drunken words are sober thoughts) know that you are just going nuts inside...AA I guess. Some kinda sponsor but is there an alternative which allows me to try and conquer this myself without involving other people? Maybe I can find jesus or something...I want to do this and considering I've lost a bunch of weight and managed to accomplish things which require willpower I think I can but my god does that day  three' well of demons come pouring out and kick my ass hard...I haven't made it past day 3 in 10+ years. Well that's not entirely true. I've made it to day 7 a few times then rewarded myself with a drink.
----------immediate responses--------

