-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sq4ih/something_id_only_imagined_scatologists_saying/

Two weeks sober not for the first time in my life but the first time with feelings of certainty intent and dare say it excitement. I had a slight wobble last night when my wife suggested that we could afford for the first time to go abroad on a two week holiday in the summer whch would include her birthday and our ten year anniversary. "Without booze? Shurely not!" My shrinking alckie voice whimpered. I had to sit with that one for a while. Did what I usually do with tricky proposals that don't involve booze and slept on it. And today I conclude that I'm looking forward to it being a sober affair. In fact I'll enjoy it more. And think of the spending money not boozing will free up...This morning as I used the bathroom on waking up I did a mental check of my faculties and one of the tools I personally use is the absence of blood crawling round my veins like milkshake of the lack of shuddering nausea in my gut. My mouth doesn't have that metallic meaty taste in it my hands aren't shaking. And I'm happy. I wish strength to everyone on this sub if you're cruising or struggling. Stay safe...Two weeks down I'm not going to wish my life away though. Two weeks is just fine for today. I want to live life slowly and appreciatively from here on in. And to help with that today in won't drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Haha this title made me laugh thanks for that!..At only 2 weeks I would have been scared to make any future plans for sober holidays (now it's not even an issue at all) but that's just me. I'm a creature of habit and need my routines in order to stay sane any sort of holiday would have thrown me off kilter...Congratulations on 2 weeks!!! Those first few weeks are the hardest :)
Great stuff. I know this sounds silly but until you said this:..&gt; And think of the spending money not boozing will free up..I hadn't ACTUALLY thought about it. My last holiday was amazing but I spent a good $300 on boozing! What could I have done with that  200? Hmmm!
Keep doing what you're doing every wobble you get through will allow you to skate this sober path like a champ.
Congrats on the two weeks!  ..&gt;"Without booze? Shurely not!" My shrinking alckie voice whimpered. I had to sit with that one for a while.  ..I faced this situation a couple of years ago and after a couple of months sober I made the decision to drink during a vacation.  I figured I could quit again when we returned home.  Of course the decision to quit again simply didn't happen for a *long* time.  Congrats on your wise decision!
Sober holiday is a great idea..My GF just got back from Florida and she admits she doesn't remember the half of it:/.She said she uploaded her photos and doesn't even remember taking most of them..That is no kind of holiday at all!.That's more of an expensive temporary suicide on the beach!
