-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ss7vr/struggling_with_step_3/

   Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him. ..   I cant seem to figure out who or what my higher power is . I'm not asking who or what is your higher power because I understand we have to find our own  but how did you go about finding and building a relationship with yours ? 
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor told me something interesting about Step 3 recently.  She said it's the first "action" step which surprised me. Basically throughout the day when things are bothering you....anything like if you're stuck in traffic or if someone is irritating you....you take a moment to let that irritation go.  Know that you aren't in control of whatever the irritation may be...I like this a lot because I find lots of times throughout the day where I need to do this.  And it surprisingly works...I will never be cool with the God word and even the words Higher Power are hard for me to imagine myself using.  I find myself just thinking about the higher power as me not being the most important person in the world.
I have a belief in the power of human action and Step 3 is a decision that I make that is accompanied by an actual invocation a prayer contained on page 63 of the Big Book which we are invited to reword and then to say with an "understanding person."  In my case I did reword the 3rd Step prayer and I did say it with a whole room full of understanding people.  The action of doing the 3rd Step was my public acknowledgment that there may or may not be a Creator or God--but with absolute certainty I am not God.  Whatever powers are out there in the universe in the rooms of AA at work at home--all these power greater than myself:  Help Me.  
The long and short of it was I let go. I stopped trying to control every aspect of my existence and let things happen as they were going to happen not just how I thought they should happen. That's not to say I just idly sit back and let life happen around me without any decision on my part but rather let things move forward in a more natural way rather than trying to force it. ..Try not to fret about not knowing about who or what re: your higher power. Mine is fluid and has been from the beginning. What feels right for me right now is HOPE. I made a decision to turn my will and my life over to a hope for a better life. I abandoned hope for a very long time but hope never abandoned me. Anything is possible when I have hope when I wake each morning. 
I think you find your higher power by doing exactly what you're doing right here. I'm a Zen Buddhist and in my tradition we love that spirit on inquiry. Keep following it! That hunger to know will push you in the right direction. ..My story was a little different I stopped looking for my HP and started accepting it was just a mystery and started taking the "action". The whole "fake it till you make it" really worked for me. I think the whole experience of the 12 steps the first time through is just to launch you on the the path. ..Good luck! Sounds like you're doing awesome. 
 You may be struggling with #2 not 3. Review each of the ideas and conceptions you've been exposed to in life so far asking yourself what they honestly mean to you (truth/not truth). Toss away the non-truths. What you're left with is what you can believe in (true for you). The sanity referred to in the step is only regarding the first drink. The question then becomes if what you believe is true has enough power to get between you and the first drink. If so then in the 3rd you evidence your decision to utilize your conception ongoing and to pursue a life in alignment with your beliefs..One man's view...hope it helps.
I do not have a higher power.  I certainly do have a higher purpose other than staying drunk.  Through my many years of alcoholism I lost touch with my purpose and my humanity.  I stopped being a father a son a brother a friend.  I stopped being anything except a drunk.  Any connection to reality was for show only.  I want that back and the AA program (and others) are helping me do that...When I was in treatment and I came to step 3 I thought I was in big trouble.  I have been atheist for as long as I can remember in spite of being raised Roman Catholic.  I went to my counselor with this "terrible problem".  He was a pro.  He said "Are you going to stay drunk for the rest of your life just because you won't believe in god?  Get out of here and come back in half an hour an tell me how you are going to do your step Three."..And that as they say was that.  Sobriety is a long spiritual journey but it has to be your very own whether you have god or not.  I think you need something bigger than yourself or your own base needs but after that it is a big multiverse.
All I did in Step 3 was make a decision to go through the process - I turned my will and my life over to 'whatever takes it.'..At first the 'whatever' turned out to be my brother and sister AA's who guided me and comforted me as I navigated my way through meetings service work and working the steps.  ..Soon I began to practice suggested  time-tested techniques for relating to a higher power.  I prayed (felt like an idiot but got through the process)  meditated (lasted about five minutes before giving up the first time - couldn't sit still) and went to church (outright hated it what a resentment-fest.)  ..All in all I felt like none of what I tried was successful in reaching my HP - BUT I WAS SOBER.  So I concluded that it was working...My relationship with a 'god as I understand him' continues to be rocky and full of half-measures *and I'm totally OK with that these days.*  I no longer expect perfection from myself when it comes to answering spiritual questions.  Stumbling forward has been the best approach so far...If I ever come up with a sure-fire guaranteed-not-to-miss method for conscious contact with HP I'll be sure to let you all know.  Meanwhile I will continue to struggle as well and remember to remain grateful for whatever works.
&gt; but how did you go about finding and building a relationship with yours ?..By working steps 4 through 11.  ..So make that decision to turn your will (wants) and lives (actions) over to the action steps of AA and who knows?  Maybe you'll have a "spiritual awakening" as a result?  The appendix in the back of the Big Book about spiritual experience references an "educational variety of spiritual understanding".  No bright lights no sudden "Aha!" moment.  Just small realizations while doing the AA recovery program...I struggled with step 3 for far too long thinking I needed to have a conscious contact before progressing onto 4.  Silly me step 12 starts with "Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps...".  So I decided to do the work keep an open mind and see what the result was.  ..The result has been beyond my wildest dreams and has brought me happiness and real peace.  I hope it does for you too!
