-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2stauk/im_sorry_guys_i_had_a_little_relapse/

Yesterday my girlfriend wanted to go to the bar and i accepted it. I knew i wasn't going to drink but next she said she didn't want it anymore because it's not cool to drink alone. I was seeing this coming sooner or later. It wasn't the first time she backed off something because i stopped drinking. We started a fight and she said that her life now was just lying on her bed....So i said i would drink if this means so much to her. And i drank alone while she didn't want anymore and went shopping with her friends (and drank some beer with them too)....I drank around 70oz. Beer only i don't like anything else. It tasted awful and the entire time i was sure i didn't want to come back to my life of binge drinking. Hell i didn't want to come back to drinking any amount. I stopped and am back on the wagon...Don't worry i will not go on a bender. I learned my lesson...Now we are talking. I don't know if i want this relationship anymore but she loves me and it's hard to let go..She is not drinking a lot because the bar hopping we used to do stopped. But i know she will get shitfaced at the wedding in the end of february and i will be feeling alone and left out i know what will come...She said she won't be asking to go to bars anymore but i feel like i'm forcing her to stop something she likes to do. She doesn't really want to let go of it...I just feel like stopping drinking exercising and eating healthy is something that is a huge part of my life. I want to be a better version of myself. She doesn't feel the same about these things she is sedentary and now i see this as a lack of maturity of thinking only short term. We don't share the same values the same vision...It's hard...It's sad to reset my badge i was really proud.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I sympathize with your situation. Advice I like was people telling me that I need to be SELFISH with my sobriety and not worry about pleasing anyone else.....I've been coming to terms with the fact that I can't even associate with my "best friends" anymore because they continue to drink... I can't imagine if it was my girlfriend.....Best of luck whatever you decide to do.
I had lots of relapses in the beginning had to make some changes among them putting my sobriety way up on priority list...Keep doing - try not to make major decisions right now - your frame of reference is spinning.   Take care of yourself and your recovery...What are you doing besides posting here?
I was at an agnostic AA meeting yesterday morning and I was talking about my relapse after 15 years and all the resulting consequences that  I talk about here.  A friendly guy across the table from me looked at me and said something that is undeniably true:  we relapse when we have not fully taken the 1st Step.  ..I am an ALCOHOLIC that means alcohol is a toxic poison to me.  I can not and I will not drink alcohol TODAY because it causes my biological-neurological-psychological degenerative disorder to become active.  Under the influence of alcohol I not only hurt myself my track record is that I hurt others and I am at a high risk of killing or injuring others in the blink of an eye.  ..I'm glad you're back /u/h0ttentot unscathed but careful that this "bullet-dodged" doesn't rationalize itself into thinking you can get away with it a la carte.  My personal experience is that we can not.
"If you loved me you'd do heroin with me"..Along with the person who said it above I think you need to be selfish with your sobriety but I'd word it differently. ..It isn't selfish to want to stop hurting yourself and your chance of having any kind of life before you die. This is *urgent*. It's basic survival instinct no-one else (sane) would put up with *you* demanding *they* harm themselves to satisfy a need you have. ..I really sympathise though I can't imagine how difficult it must be when it's your girlfriend / boyfriend doing this. I can even imagine she isn't a terrible person (maybe quite young or immature). But this situation is not acceptable. ..I've had to distance myself from one of my oldest friends (known each other 20yrs) because she was interfering with my ability to look after myself - I'm single she's in a years long relationship. I've had to turn away from the idea of one night stands and relationships because for the moment and foreseeable future the most urgent thing is sorting myself out...Not saying you need to do what I do and I come from a culture where binge drinking is normal where everyone I know dismissed the idea I might have a problem so I understand your girlfriend not fully getting it. She needs to though or you will need to decide between giving up on the relationship or giving up on yourself. Can you tell her that ? ..Either way well done on trying on coming here and on a personal note the exercise. Wow I do bodyweight every day but I can only manage 10min in morning 10min at night ! Wish you the best. Clock's ticking...
My gf left me when I quit drinking.  Best thing that could have happened.    I can see the issues that she had so clearly now am dating again and so happy I'm not trying to make her happy and stay sober.  Sober is great!
[deleted]
Chin up! If you end up deciding to go to that wedding I'd have a game plan or an early exit plan. Here was your response to my comment on your post about the wedding:..&gt;I cannot leave since my girlfriend is the bridesmaid and part of the younger crowd but i will not drink. It's just one day i can handle it...I'm part of the "younger" crowd and the bride &amp; groom are 2 or 3 years older than I am but I had to put my sobriety first and just leave when I got the point the that I was uncomfortable with everyone else drinking. ..You can do this! Good luck!
Crazy situation man.  I'm married and my wife was my drinking buddy.  I know she's been a bit sad that she's lost her drinking buddy but she will either *get over it or leave.*  I will do what I can to persuade her to get over it but if she leaves c'est la vie.  I will never be a slave to alcohol again.  ..About the alcohol consumption - a quote from David K. Reynolds-  .."No one enjoys making mistakes.  Mistakes are embarrassing troublesome and frustrating--but they are great teachers.  They teach us what worked and what didn't.  .. . .  .There is an old Buddhist saying that the arrow that hits the bull's-eye is the result of the one hundred previous misses.  We must keep on failing and correcting our aim until we are on target.  Note that the person who quits after the ninety-ninth miss doesn't reap the benefits of all those previous mistakes."  ..Best wishes.
It's a huge lesson and well worth it in my opinion. Sobriety has to win over everything. Congratulations on getting back so soon. ..The points may have gone back to zero but you still know how to play. 
I heard in AA that a lot of people go through relationship changes when they get sober.  If you're on track to a new lifestyle and your SO keeps trying to drag you back to the old one you might have to make a choice.
She may love you but she's not *being loving* if she would be anything other than protective of your sobriety... without finding that upsetting. That's just not acceptable behavior from her. She guilted you about it. Not okay. ..Love isn't just a feeling. It's an action. People who can't do the action of love by encouraging your sobriety are people who will end up being toxic in your life. ..Frankly even if this weren't about sobriety she sounds immature self-centered and bad at communication. That's not an insult -- I've been that way before and I think most of us go through that in our lives -- but it's reality. 
I will probably get flamed for suggesting this I don't know you or your significant other or what you two separating will mean so this advice is assuming you want to stay try to see if you can't find a bar that sells non alcoholic beer.  At least that way she won't feel as left out.  Alternative #2:  Start going out to movies out to eat shit like that.  Find an activity that is recreational to replace going out drinking This would be the best route imho.  Alternative 3:  end the relationship if your Significant other is so selfish that she can't let you be sober she may not be worth investing your time in.  Life is short and your time limited think of people like accounts you should invest in the ones that help you grow not ones that are trying to hold you down.
When Maverick and Goose flew through the wake turbulence of the F-14...causing a flame-out and inducing asymmetrical thrust resulting in a flat-spin...did they hang out and try to change the situation? Did they try to "reason" with the aircraft? Did they say "Hey I know we're in trouble right now...but NEXT time you can't do this to us..."?..No they punched out...Of course the ejection ended up killing Goose...(and that's where this analogy breaks down)...but consider yourself Maverick. 
