-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2stxkh/60_beautiful_days/

Thank you /r/stopdrinking.  This has been an invaluable resource to me...If you are lurking jump in...the water's fine!..Whats different at 60 days:.. 1.I think SO much clearer.2. My anxiety has been reduced by probably 80%..3. Ive lost ten pounds...which is a little like throwing a newspaper off an aircraft carrier but hell I'll take it..4. I'm getting better at living in the moment something Ive always struggled with..5. All those projects around the house I never got done? They are disappearing rapidly because I am not rendered useless by hangovers...Thanks again everyone.  I wont drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

You are doing a great job /u/vinylsquares and I really appreciate all your participation on the sub!  
Nice! Thanks for reminding me off all the positive outcomes from staying sober and helping me stay sober today! Thank you for your enthusiasm. And nice work.
[deleted]
this is inspiring...everything and I mean everything you wrote is exactly why I quit drinking. ..I can't wait for my anxiety to die down. . . I can't wait to lose 5 pounds . I think I consumed at least 1000 calories a night drinking booze when I was doin' my thing last week. That should be a damn good improvement to my overall health once I'm a month in!..aaaand I can't wait to be productive instead of drinking being useless...The thing I've noticed is I keep waking up with "false hangovers" - for a few minutes in the morning I have a mini headache . I ask myself "how much did I drink last night?" (which used to be the norm) and I realize "hey actually I'm sober now."..Best wishes to you..
Congrats on the sixty days!  Looks like we both made a great decision at the same time!
Hey there soberversary buddy! I could write the same post for myself (except for the weight loss). Congratulations and best wishes on your future.
Great job!
I relate to all of these in a major way except that on my 2 month anniversary I decided to quit smoking so I was having a hard time with #1 for a few days...Life is so much more satisfying with number 4 and number 5 all the time.  Whenever I find my mind wandering towards a drink I Just think back to what my apartment looked like and all the fantasies I had built up in my head for 'tomorrow'.....Keep it up see you at 3 months :D
Wonderful! Such an accomplishment! I can relate to all of the good things on your list and I attest to them getting better and better. Oh except for the 10 pounds. I have gone the opposite way lol. 
NICE!!!
You are welcome but really you do the work we are just here along the journey. Keep it up my friend! 
Congrats on 60 days! It's inspiring to see how much can change in that amount of time. Thanks for posting!
Sounds great! Congratulations!
[deleted]
I can't believe I am at 44 days. Just got engaged and don't want to drink. Well it's been a bit of a struggle but immediately feel better that I didn't and will not drink for the rest of today. Hooray to no hangovers!
