-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sud07/slowing_down/

I'm a work at home mom to two beautiful girls. I don't work much but I love my job (my own business!) and I'm good at what I do. I'm a good mom when I'm sober. Nope a great mom. I homeschool them and am teaching my oldest child to read. I'm a good wife again when sober...I have struggled with alcohol for a lot of years. It used to be that I would have wicked hangovers no matter how much I drank so instead of stopping I just got shit faced because I may as well if I'm gonna be sick the next day anyway. Dumb...I stayed sober while pregnant and was surprised when a friend gave me a bottle of wine as a congratulatory present after having my baby. I hadn't thought about alcohol much in those 9 months due to severe morning sickness that left me feeling hungover for the entirety of my pregnancy. ..When my eldest was a baby I remember throwing up in front of her and thinking that I had to get my drinking in control before she was old enough to remember this. Then I got pregnant again with the severe morning sickness again so at least when she saw me puke it was justified...Baby 2 came and I started drinking again but not as bad. I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder (something I've had since pre-alcohol so I don't think I caused it) and the stress of it was a lot to handle. My doctor told me to cut gluten so I only drank wine and "miraculously" my hangovers disappeared no matter how much I drank. I stopped buying boxes of wine because I had no self control with them around. I stuck to buying $3 bottles of wine and if we had 4 in the house they'd be gone in 4 days. If I had 1 I could make it last 3 days. ..I was only drinking from 5-8 but I would usually drink 3-4 glasses of wine in that time. Enough to make me black out. Enough to make me argue with my husband. Enough to forget the little details with the kids...pajamas brushing their teeth their bedtime. ..I tried to set a 2 drink rule but failed after 2 weeks. I was honest with my husband about it but I really upset him and am still shaken by everything. I'd go into more detail but typing on the phone is hard and my autoimmune disease causes brain fog and it's rampant today (but I know it's from that and not alcohol! Woo!)..Anyway I know if I continue my path I will lose the trust of my husband. My children do not deserve to see their mother drunk every night. ..The oe huge thing I've noticed is that life always felt out of control. I never had time to do anything. I was always overwhelmed. Since cutting back my drinking (and now stopping) I feel so much more at peace. I feel in control not overwhelmed. I drank partially out of boredom but felt like I didn't have time for anything when I drank. Now I have my time back and I can be even better than the last version of me. I can focus on My business kids husband and even myself for a change because I am not passing out at 9pm and frantically worrying about the stupid shit I did or said when I was blacked out...I'm feeling quite at peace with things today and confident that today I won't have a drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/nomistakestoday to r/stopdrinking--I found the simple actions contained in the post [at this link called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is based on my own personal experiences worked best for me--because by making a deliberate daily decision not to drink TODAY no matter what happens alcohol is out of my movie for the day.  I don't have to do the mental calculus of 1 drink 2 drinks 8 drinks will power loses again.  My sole job is to get to bed sober.  ..Oh and life sober is so worth it.  
Welcome! To get started I followed coolcrosby 's baby steps. To keep going I put a plan in place to manage those times when temptation reared its head and to help me develop the sense of self-worth I needed to to commit to doing better on a day to day basis.
Hi and welcome!  Thank you for sharing your story.  It's great to hear stories from alcoholics of all walks of life but yours is particularly cautionary for me because I plan to have kids in the next few years...Will join you in not drinking just for today.
