-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2teqwc/freaking_out/

So I woke up this morning and I felt actually kinda good. Today marks my three weeks sober and I'm still struggling but taking it one day at a time got me to this point and I'm doing okay. Aside from talking to a therapist this sub has been a huge help in getting this far and I'm very thankful for discovering it a few months ago.  ..My sleep improved I'm back to eating normal again my skin looks a lot better. ..But suddenly I'm freaking out. I don't know what's happening. Just this overwhelming feeling came over me. It's different than a panic attack (been there). Suddenly my life just feels so pointless and scary. How am I ever going to continue this path for the rest of my life? How am I ever going to live with all the mistakes I made while being this drunk person? I look back and I see so much damage. I see destroyed relationships broken promises and so much regret. ..I know there's no point in freaking out about the future or the past that I just have to think about this day but my thoughts are suddenly racing and I'm just feeling really weird. ..I know it has also something to do with accepting the fact that my emotions are slowly coming back (felt really numb most of the time this past three weeks). I just don't know what's happening right now and I just need to calm my mind. ..I used to calm my thoughts with alcohol. But I won't today because I know that will just make things worse eventually and I am proud of getting back to three weeks of sobriety but I don't really know how to calm my mind otherwise. ..Thanks for listening and any advice would be very much appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Recovery is more than putting down the bottle. You're right on about your emotions coming back. I relapsed more than I'd like to admit because all the stuff I kept locked down all of a sudden came rushing in once I had some sober time. For me I've found that the first thing was to not drink the second was to find a way to deal/cope with all the new and old emotions. ..Therapy church etc.. can work wonders. One of the reasons I support and participate in AA is because the program deals with all the past damage emotions and helps you set your house in order. I don't know enough about S.M.A.R.T. but I believe it's similar. If you're up for it I suggest you check out a few meetings. Stay strong and stick it out! It does get easier in time :)
You are right on schedule. Read the posts a lot of people have a lot of trouble and doubt early on after the initial feeling better stage. Alcohol buries the emotions and pain but never gets rid of them. An old but wise saying is.."Good news... emotions! But also..Bad news...emotions!"..Begin working on improving yourself and try to find positive things to do to keep you in the present.One moment at a time then another day. I love cycling and hiking because it forces you to be in the present and clears my mind.
You can't improve your past only your future.
I've been going through this as well.  Keep thining of everything I will be doing now I won't be able to do it while drinking. Also keep thinking of all the times I was drunk and made an ass of myself and fucked up my life.  I feel like I lost a friend(alcohol) who was always there for me.
I had the exact same feelings yesterday.  I felt physically off.  TODAY I feel x10's better.  Im finding out that recovery is such a day to day thing.  ESPECIALLY this early in recovery.  ..Just don't drink today and only today.  And see how you feel tomorrow...Stay strong! ...-Monetary
you know  your mind is up to no good.. . you can control it with your body :)  Stop for a second and think - why don't you take a fast paced walk? Exert energy. Your mind will calm down trust me I've been there. I have awful anxiety and exercise -always- helps.
