-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tgpyb/been_relapsing_the_last_few_days/

Been 2+ years sober before that. My life is at a weird point and I went back to the bottle. I'm ashamed. I don't really have a question today and the last few days have been a blur in general. All I want to do is get fucked up and not realize how sucky I've made my life. ..I guess I do have a question: how do you do it? 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish you a lot of luck. Although I never made it past one week of sobriety in the past 16 years I completely understand your desire to get fucked up. I used to call it the obliteration of any sense of self...I'm sorry I do not have any advice or recommendations. The only thing I can say is getting fucked up does only makes things worse...Good luck. My thoughts are with you...-styx.
I'm at 4 days now and I take it one day at a time. I've been ignoring cravings by trying to remember that they'll pass. ..Anyway don't let a mistake like this discount the years of sobriety you racked up. Strength is the ability to pick yourself up when you fall and keep going. 
If I'm at "code red" in terms of life suckiness how I do it is this: .- Accept that getting fucked up has never and will never actually make my life less sucky. ..- Then try to figure out something (anything) I can do that might possibly actually really make my life less sucky and force myself to do that... ..- Repeat 
You do it by not drinking and getting help. If withdrawal is a problem seek medical advice. If you are not sober please come back when you are. We'll be here for you.
Any kind of chore works for me favorites: Make the bed. Scrub the toilet. Organize drawers.
AA meetings. Lots and lots of meetings.
I think back on all the stupid things I've done in my life...and I have to say that about 99% of those stupid decisions were BECAUSE of alcohol...not a cure.
Hey friend so sorry to hear about this relapse. How did you stay sober for the previous two years? What can we do to help you?
I just remind myself that alcohol always makes things worse. 
Don't be ashamed.  2+ years is fantastic!  I don't think we need to worry about the badge numbers it's just great that you managed two years and have a hiccup in your life.  Just put one foot in front of the other and keep going.  We'll be here. :)
