-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tizrk/its_not_normal_anymore/

Day 21: did my ritual looked in the mirror I am an alcoholic I have a problem I will not drink today but I like myself. I actually woke up on my own before the sun peeked in but I let myself lay & just chill. I can't begin to explain how nice it was NOT to wake up hungover. F-day is my "hump" day when it comes to drinking so I feel like now that I got past that day the rest of the weekend is pretty secure. Still gotta stay vigilant still gotta do my ritual but it feels a little easier. I can't wait until I learn to have fun sans alcohol. Right now school is just really stressful to do anything "fun" related just relaxing stuff. ..I also wonder as I go out in the world how many people are like me out there that struggled/struggle with drinking and are alcoholics. I'm sure to others once I don't look so mangy from alcohol and being hungover I don't look like an alcoholic even though I am an alcoholic. I always thought I was alone that no one else did the messed up stuff I did. It's sad but it was so normalized for me the blackouts the regrets the hangovers the stupid things I did. I'm glad I started going to AA meetings that I started posting here because I realize that there are more people who are similar to me than I imagined. And while it sucks it doesn't also because we're all here to help each other be nice to each other call bullshit when need be. I  think for once in a long time I don't feel so alone. I got some hope today. I'm sure something will piss me off later but right now I gots the hope and that's a good...Thanks for reading SD and fellow sobies. I hope everyone has a good Saturday. Kitten out.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I can't begin to explain how nice it was NOT to wake up hungover.  ..Yes I *love* waking up after a solid night of sleep with no splitting headache nausea or dizziness and *no regret.*  ..Have a great weekend!
&gt;I also wonder as I go out in the world how many people are like me out there that struggled/struggle with drinking and are alcoholics.    .   .   I don't wish the struggles on others but it feels good knowing there are others like me. Its shows I can get help.
I love waking up with no hangover and a full memory of the night (and day) before. Yesterday isn't always going to be a great memory but at least I know what happened and am not searching for pieces of the night before  wondering what I said or who I hurt...Here's to another sober day! 
Kitten I think you should add something to your morning mantra like "I have a problem but I also have the solution!"  As the days of sobriety go by I feel more and more like we're living the solution and the problem doesn't seem so big anymore.
There are sooooo many of us!  I was blown away when I started going to meetings and realized that we are just everywhere!..Years ago a guy from my home group had leukemia and we were descending on the hospital en masse to visit and to donate platelets.  The staff in the blood donation area was quite bemused by all of these people obviously not family who were wildly different in race gender socioeconomic background all showing up to donate platelets for this one person.  They couldn't figure it out.  One of the staff approached my sponsor to ask "How do you all *know* each other?
