-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tmqpn/first_weekend_without_a_drink_in_over_4_years/

This is the first weekend in over 4 years where I haven't got blackout drunk either alone or with friends. Feeling pretty positive about reaching this milestone and looking forward to reaching my one week sober on Wednesday which would mark the longest time I've gone without a drink in the aforementioned 4 years...First time posting after lurking for a few months my past attempts at quitting were genuine but felt so doomed from the start that I was ashamed to post only to relapse a few days later. This time feels different I'm not sure why or how but I feel a calm resolution about quitting as opposed to the dramatic ultimatums I imposed on myself before. I don't want to tempt fate however as it is still early early days but I'm feeling good for the first time in a long time and I felt like sharing. .
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! I'm glad you went beyond lurking and shared some of your own struggle with us. Keep coming back here. I will be looking for more posts from you.
Once you round that first corner I feel it gets a little easier each day.  Others may disagree with me but so far setting goals (like one week one month six months etc.) and hitting them has given me tremendous satisfaction.  ..One little tip; I used to drink beer.  A lot of it.  I now drink a 12 pack a day.  Of La Croix sparkling water.  It's delicious hydrating and satisfies the oral fixation of swigging along with my friends or even by myself.  Wish I had figured this out in my first few days as it makes it so much easier now.  I hope that's good advice and congrats on four days!  ..I had to make a whole project out of not drinking for basically the first month.  This last month not drinking has become a bit of a habit and I do it a lot more naturally.  It also helped to set some health goals and knowing that I am basically being textbook about it now that I don't have to worry about alcohol being a factor.  Hope this was of some help.  Good luck!
You are building something here. Set the foundation carefully by making a plan. Consider what you will *do * differently this time around now that it *feels* different.   
Congrats those first few days are so hard. Once they're over you never need to do it again. I remind myself of that often!..Also just be aware that your brain will start to con you at some point and you need to be ready. Put a plan in mind; prepare to get through some cravings and ninja kick that inner asshole...After the first week I had massive sugar cravings and that got me through the first month. I just allowed myself to eat what I wanted for the first 30 days and it was a lot of fun and something to look forward to...Month two I quit the sugar and started exercising. Not as much fun...Another thing that helped me beat urges was playing it forward. Actually thinking through what would happen if I took that first drink...all the way to waking up two days later in the middle of the night with the shakes and the sweats and a few empty bottles on the floor. The shame cycle is horrible...You are through the worst part of detox. I think you've got this. Good luck.
Fuck yeah! J00 cayn dew eet
I was really happy to read that because I was just about to post that I survived my first alcohol free weekend :D. Feel so powerful and way more confident about this. Thanks for sharing..till next weekend ;)
One day at a time
Stay busy this week focus on life and remember to breathe.  Before you know it it will have been a week.  Live in the now and keep a smile on your face. :)
Thanks for posting. Check out /u/somuch2learn's rewording of the 12 steps below if you're into that kind of thing:..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
Great job today!  It's awesome when things feel like they "clicked."  The next step is figuring out what to do about those times it doesn't feel so easy -- find what will work for you.  Thanks for sharing your milestone I'm sure they'll keep coming one day at a time.
Weekends are the worst! I didn't know what to do with myself either at first. This weekend I went for a bike ride for the first time in maybe 20 years to pass some time..The pain this morning wow...Keep going it can be fun.
*dance dance dance*..This is a great place for support especially early on. Way to go!
Me too!  Only it's been more than four years for me.  And this time feels different for me as well!  Reading this forum has helped.  I never bought the "I'm helpless to alcohol" routine.  I'm NOT helpless and I think that's why I failed before.  I thought "well if I'm helpless why should I try to stop it?  Obviously I can't since the alcohol owns me."  That's just not true to me.  Once I put that thought process aside I came to understand that drinking alcohol is a choice.  .
Good on ya. ..I'm doing pretty much the same thing myself. Last time I had some alcohol was Monday last week and I had a bit of a breakdown...Next morning I swore I was done with alcohol and haven't touched a drop since. On Saturday night I went out by myself and hit a few pubs and not once did I drink any alcohol whatsoever...I can't remember the last time I went to a pub as an adult and didn't have any alcohol so managing to go to one and have a glass of coke instead and enjoy myself was a completely new experience for me and I loved it...Keep it up :)
