-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2todkl/relapsed_already/

Last night decided I could have a few drinks for my friends birthday...flash forward to my head in a toilet ALL DAY today. I didn't think I drank a ton but I guess my tolerance is shot since it's been 23 or 24 days. Restarting again and now I know I can't trust myself to moderate. I can drink or not drink but there's no middle for me. 
----------immediate responses--------

:( Well don't give yourself too much of a hard time. Relapses happen. 23-24 days was good! If you can do that try to reach 30... then 35.. etc. 
Welcome back! I've certainly been in your shoes before - 'oh this is easy I can moderate' then fast forward and 'NOPE I can't.'  I'm guessing most people here have been in your shoes before.  ..Do you have a plan to stay sober this time?  Fear/shame/emotion in general is a good short term motivator but those emotions will fade so you'll want a long term plan (be it AA coming here rehab counseling etc.) 
&gt; now I know I can't trust myself to moderate...Oh come on now you already knew that.  [For example here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r0glx/this_year_is_different/)..&gt; As I'm sure most of you are aware of my "moderation" eventually caught up to me and I'm back to where I was a year ago..I love how you said you decided to drink.  That's exactly right--you did decide.  A lot of people try to pretend it was out of the their control or that they didn't make a conscious decision.  Those folks are fooling themselves.  Kudos to you for having a grasp on this...But we're still left with a problem here.  You decided to drink last night despite already knowing that you can't moderate your drinking.  What's going to happen next time when that same thought pops into your head?  "I'll know not to drink" isn't going to do it.  You already knew you couldn't drink moderately.  The "I really mean it this time" approach doesn't work.  If you do nothing the very thingy sitting atop your neck that you use to make decisions will make the same decision again.  That's what's so tricky about this. ..For me I know that I do not think clearly when alcohol is involved. So I don't let myself make decisions.  All decisions have been pre-made.  No I don't want a drink.  Sorry to cut this short guys I've gotta go I think I left my dog on the stove.  Deciding what I'll do in various situations ahead of time helped me a ton. ..
&gt; but I guess my tolerance is shot since it's been 23 or 24 days...Don't fool yourself into believing that.  You drank plenty...My question is why you went out for your friend's birthday at 23 days sober?  What was your thinking?
Already? 23 days is HUGE. Yeah you have to start over but now you know you can do it and on top of that you've learned something.  Stay strong!
I'm new to this subreddit and I am trying to read as many of the stories as I can.  I'm sorry to hear that you gave in I'm sure the guilt outweighed the headache the next day.  23 days is still pretty impressive at least for me it is.  I'm glad I read this one though because as stupid as it sounds after 15 years of not being able to moderate my self I still think I can moderate my self.  I know deep down inside that once I take my first drink it will lead to the same old routine and the same old dreadful morning there after.  I think the feeling of being able to have a few in moderation after a number of days of being sober is a common feeling and offtherocks comment was spot on...Good luck to you :D
