-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tpovf/im_so_pissed_off_im_an_alcoholic_i_could_scream/

I'm just doing some venting. ..I'm so mad I am the way I am!  I don't want to think about drinking anymore and I sure as hell don't want to drink anymore. I hate the insomnia and anxiety that comes along with drinking. Everything about drinking is shit. Nothing good comes from it unless you own a liquor store. I'm not going to drink today and I'm going to take an Anabuste because I'm feeling really weak right now. Any words of encouragement are greatly appreciated. I know I'm not alone in this struggle but sometimes I feel like I am. I'm going back to sleep now. Have a good one SD. Thanks for listening to me bitch.   ..Edit: I drank yesterday and the day before that. My wife has no idea and I don't want to tell her because she thinks I've been doing so well. I hate this lying and sneaking around. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone! Being an Alcoholic sucks. Being a sober Alcoholic is the shit however. /internethug
You can do this.  .A quote from Einstein that helped me was "Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."..I realized when I was in the loop of stopping and starting over and over that what I was doing wasn't working and was not ever going to work. I had to try something different.  ..Over six months later and I no longer have thoughts about drinking.  Don't stop trying and I suggest trying something different than you've been trying since that hasn't been working. 
&gt;Any words of encouragement are greatly appreciated. ..OK here you go!..What you are experiencing is temporary.  Early sobriety can suck hard because of physical withdrawal symptoms combined with a lot of mental anxiety.   It's chaos.   And it's worse if you have nothing to do but sit alone in a room and fully experience it.   So -- don't do that.   Sleep and distractions are good.   Talking to other alcoholics is better...Because as I said this is all temporary.  The poison will drain out of your body other people will calm you down and you will heal.   Everything about drinking is indeed shit and you can make it a distant memory.
Good. No-one here just got bored of drinking decided to stop and had no problems doing so. Each one of us got to a point in their lives when they found themselves humiliated and profoundly frightened by the prospect of continuing drinking. Use the anger.
&gt; I hate this lying and sneaking around...Then stop doing it and go to AA. 
Have you ever been to treatment? It sounds like you could benefit from being separated from the bottle and everything else for a while. That was the only way I could get sober. It gave me 4 weeks away from booze and all of the stress /triggers in my life. If you continue this by yourself your wife will probably find out soon enough anyway. 
What is Anabuste?
It will pass. 
For many of us here alcohol is only part of the problem (I don't like calling it just a symptom because I think it does make the problem worse as well).  But in any case here are my thoughts on the inner-emptiness that push me to drink.....Thank God I'm an alcoholic. Yes it sounds crazy. But because liquor and wine and beer allowed me to ramp up my bad behavior so rapidly I really do believe that I was forced to address this emptiness (and my catastrophically destructive methods of dealing with it which only sometimes involved booze) much sooner than I otherwise would have. Drinking let me compress a lifetime of fucking up into just a few years. I've felt this way since I was in middle school but I believed it was a perfectly normal way to experience life and I just suffered through it. It's entirely possible that I would have lingered on in quiet misery for decades more if alcohol hadn't pushed me to the extreme this early...So try to keep in mind that it's possible drinking is only part of the story.  However drinking is almost certainly preventing you from dealing with anything else constructively or in a healthy way.  Weirdly enough the alcoholics I have met are the only people I personally know who consistently dedicate themselves towards living more meaningful less selfish and hedonistic lives. You're in the right place.  I recommend getting to an AA or SMART meeting if you can.  The solution is out there!
Life would sure be easier without it. But there are many worse things we could be suffering from. When I am really depressed or anxious or unhappy I resort to trite stuff like imagining what a person in prison or shut up in a care home or I guess dead would give to live a day of my life.
I used to be soooo mad that I am an alcoholic. Like god damnit I'm a 24 year old girl I have MY LIFE to live here! I don't want to *have* to drink to blackout every time I drink. I don't want to *have* to drink every day. UGH I just want to be NORMAL!..Well tough shit Jen. It is what it is. That is how my body and mind react to alcohol...The good thing /u/Tiredofit7 is that it gets better. **so. much. better.** My own mental obsession to consume alcohol is gone. I can live my life free. It took time a lot of work and a *ton* of support from fellow sober alcoholics (thanks /r/sd and aa) but it does get better...It's easy to feel alone in this struggle. You are not. There are other people like you living happy and free in their lives. Ask them how they did it. Take some advice. Enjoy the ride  
[deleted]
