-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ttw49/was_drinking_for_over_20_years_stopped_3_days_ago/

I'm 38y old male drunk every day for over 20 years now. I've been drinking only from the evening on until bedtime not during the day. For the last two years or so I drank usually an amount of 400 to 500 ml of strong liquor. I stopped three days ago and I do not experience too severe symptoms so far. I just created an account since this site was recommended to me. Maybe you can give me some advice. Thank you..1. I do have problems to fall asleep for several hours (which is no big surprise to me) and I have very vivid dreams (which I kind of like). But in the morning I feel like I could sleep forever. Since I'm self-employed I have to freedom to set my alarm to 11am but still it's a huge struggle to force myself to get out of bed. Also I feel not recovered at all more like just overrun by a bulldozer. How long is  this going to be the case?..2. During the day I have this constant pressure in my head difficult to describe it's not a headache more like the feeling of having a cold and your eyes feel like really tired...So far I'm really happy about my achievement and I hope to go on with this. Sorry for my English it's not my first language...EDIT: Thanks for all the useful and compassionate answers!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Nice job on the three days. The first week I didn't feel very good either. It's going to take some time for your body and brain to heal itself. I found that light exercise drinking lots of water and eating healthy went a long ways towards making me feel better faster. Beyond the initial withdrawal period many of us face a longer period of readjustment before we feel back to our old pre-drinking selves. For me that was about six months. Give yourself some time to recover and remember that the absolute most important thing is to do what it takes to not start drinking again. Keep it going!
I had the head pressure thing too.  For me it has come and gone but mostly gone after a couple weeks.  Haven't had it at all in probably like 2-3 days now.  I also had some issues with insomnia.  Tylenol PM is a life saver for me and knocks me out in about 30 minutes.
Your English is great! I would recommend lots of water and lots of urination that worked for me.
Same situation (incl language) 2 days in (badge says 1) not the first try at getting sober. After 3 Days the sleepiness should start to fade. After a week or so you should feel better. Never had that head-thing though...Things start to get really difficult after a month or so. I managed to stay sober for 2 months with a little mind-hack: Whenever I saw alc and thought "hey you are sober now you can have 1 or 2" I reminded me that: "Nope you can't". Didn't work out really well...I just read about another Mind-Hack here called "Forwarding the tape" that is: Not only reminding you that you can't drink like "normal people" but forwarding the "have a drink"-scenario to the end when you are wasted from 3 days of binge-drinking...Also what helped me was this monologue from Craig Ferguson: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZVWIELHQQY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZVWIELHQQY)
First off congratulations!    You definitely can go on with this.   Everything does get better.   I was drunk about 12 years and I'm not going back...1:  Your body is changing.  A lot.   It ran sober for 18 years then it ran on booze for 20 years and now it is going back to running sober.   Your liver and digestive processes have to deal with these changes.   These changes are all to the good but they can be tiring.   Everyone is different but I would expect maybe 2 weeks of heavy fatigue and then it tapers off.   Just a guess based on my experience...2:  Same answer.   Your brain is changing too...Bottom line -- take it easy on yourself!   Use a sleep aid (melatonin was good for me) eat whatever you crave but try to get some good stuff in there too and rest.    The first month of rehab is traditionally done in a hospital and there's a reason for that.   It's a transformation.   A very very good one!    Please stick around.   Have a great day.
Ride it out.  Keep hydrated like stuffed with water. 1 day at a time.  Face to face meetings with others in the struggle had a profound impact on my strength and determination to stay sober...Good luck m8.
I was in more or less the same situation as you. drank every night for at least 10 years. . . ..the first 10 days were hard and by hard I mean I didn't have many physical withdrawal symptoms. Mostly anxiety a feeling of dread and worthlessness. ..Those dissipated and left me feeling great. I will admit I have been taking one allergy pill 80 % of the nights to help me sleep. Some nights I have gone with the flow of insomnia and just stayed up till the wee hours of the morning so that I had no choice but to get some sleep. That helps. ..I would highly advise you to exercise through the first week or two. (the rest of your life will help too). ..that will definitely help you. exert yourself lift whatever just get some exercise.
Congratulations! Rest assured that your body will return to normal soon. If you're not exercising I recommend you start - even if it's a simple 30-minute walk. You may find that physical fitness has a sort of snowball effect in that the more you do the better you feel so you do more. Just like drinking but productive and healthy. Also get ready for feeling so good you want to celebrate your sobriety by drinking. Your alcoholism still has plenty of tricks up its' sleeve so be vigilant and remain committed to not drinking **today**.
I used melatonin to sleep and got my first real sleep in god knows how long.  I called those headaches sober headaches I got then everytime I went 2 days without drinking.  For me dark chocolate cleared them right up. After 2 weeks both of those issues cleared up. Good luck! 
Hi. Welcome. You will start sleeping like a rock in a few days. Please go see a physician to make sure you are not deficient in any nutrients...Practical information Stay on this sub. Lots of good advice...Drink a flat ton of water all you can drink and then some. Help your body flush the years of crap out. Orange Juice banana's etc help a lot...Keep busy don't get yourself lost in the BS in your head...Know that you are doing the right thing here and that your life will be immensely better from today forward...If you are so inclined AA meeting have helped me tremendously. It is far easier for me to stay sober with them that without them. .. 
1. get a semi-boring book to read until you're ready to  doze off. Keep your bedtime reasonable. You may need to break down tasks into small portions and write out to-do lists for a while as your thinking may be subnormal for a while...2 I was hit with what felt like a flu virus at about 8 days sober...withdrawals are physical and effect people differently. You don't say why you stopped. Watch for impulses to begin drinking again after a few weeks...the silly idea there is no real problem may show up about then.
