-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tzwbq/dont_you_miss_drinking/

I am struggling with the sense of loss as I am considering quitting drinking can't imagine NEVER being able to drink again what have you all experienced/learned in terms of this thinking/feeling? thanks
----------immediate responses--------

For me this is where "one day at a time" really comes in handy. ..I really can't imagine right now going without alcohol for the rest of my life. Hell I can barely imagine going the rest of the week without it. ..BUT I can get through today without drinking. That much is manageable. I'll worry about tomorrow when I wake up tomorrow. ..
&gt;Don't you miss drinking?..Nope not at all. 
When I was a kid I couldn't imagine living apart from my parents. I was so attached to them and they were a part of my daily life. But things change I changed I grew up. Then came I time when I couldn't wait to leave...When I quit drinking the thought of never *having* to drink again was absolutely liberating. I still gives me chills to this day.
I don't.  Then again I never "quit drinking forever" as many newcomers to SD put it.  Instead I make a conscious daily decision that I am not going to drink TODAY only no matter what happens good or bad.  I plan to make the same decision tomorrow but who knows--tomorrow's not here yet...Finally sustained time sober day after day week after week and month after month something changes.  I see the whole world differently.  I think differently.  My values and dreams have totally changed.  Now I can't imagine EVER wanting to drink again.  
The three stages of my drinking career went like this:..drinking  = fun..drinking = fun + problems..drinking = ~~fun~~ + problems..As you can see by the time I quit there really wan't anything good to "miss." I don't recommend that people hang onto this habit for as long as I did but I can tell you that once you've gone as far as I did there really wasn't much about the experience that I wish to recreate.
[deleted]
No I don't miss it at all.  The only way for me to quit for good was to change my perception of alcohol as something fun and pleasurable to what it is a poison derived from rotted vegetation.  If I still viewed it as positive in any way then I would have internal battles over it knowing the only thing preventing me from a good thing is myself and eventually I would give in...I read Allen Carr's book Jack Trimpey's book and spent a lot of time reading posts and comments on SD early on.  Those things all helped me change my perception to the point where having a drink doesn't interest me in the least and turns me off.
For the first couple months of sobriety yes. I was not used to the idea that I would never willfully have another drink again. .Fast forward to where I am now and I have made the decision to never drink again- it simply isn't an option and I am happy with the decision. I never want to experience the anxiety nervousness fear pain weight gain and depression that alcohol gave me. Fear is a good motivator in small quantities.  
No. ..But I can't imagine NEVER again doing lots of things. NEVER takes care of itself if we live how we need to each day. I was thinking about this the other day--my older daughter is a teen. At some point years ago I last saw her bare ass run down the hall. I didn't know it but that was the last time I saw it probably forever. Do I miss it? Sure--as it was then. But not now. ..Even when I have (now infrequent) urges around alcohol I don't think of that as "missing" drinking. Instead I think *I need some chocolate right now* or a cup of tea or a run or a talk or a sex. Those are things that I miss and want. ..With drinking I can acknowledge that at the time there was some fun and ultimately a lot of hurt. That time is over. Like an old girlfriend it's not for now and won't ever be. ..But man this kind of long-term shit is *not* relevant when you're thinking about quitting. If you want to stop drinking the need to not pick up a drink today is all that's relevant at this stage. 
No. Drinking stopped being fun for me a long time ago. ..When I first quit I would fantasize about a romanticised version of drinking like having just one glass of wine with dinner or on special occasions. But the reality is there was never just one glass... ever.
for the first time in my life I can honestly answer with "No I don't miss it and I'm truly happy to be sober."
Many have already said it in this thread. I agree. I don't miss it at all. The fun wears off when you have been cruise control for years and the brakes are burned out. I look back on my drinking in awe that I had the strength to keep doing it for so long. The fun was used up many years before I got sober.
At the end all I was doing was drinking alone in my condo...it was causing health problems and issues at work...I don't even see it as anything good anymore...sure I have that old "wouldn't a drink be nice right now?" feeling at least once a day but then I remember what it leads to with me.
Your drinking may not have included the types of experiences that mine did. If yours was a wonderful and fun time without unpleasantness or regrets then I can understand why you'd feel a great sense of loss.
I do not miss drinking at all.  I like being sober I have always preferred nnon-alcoholic drinks to alcoholic.  My drinking was tied to not liking myself and wanting to punish myself and I am trying to image never feeling like that again.  No more lies.  
I know you'll find this hard to believe (drinking me would have) but no I don't miss drinking at all.
I won't go into details why because I don't want to remind my self any more than I have to but yes I do miss it.  However I would miss the way I feel now the way I feel sober far more than I miss alcohol if I were to go back.  I feel like super man simply because my brain works again.  Sobriety has been amazing to me these last 7 almost 8 days and I don't intend to let anything get in the way of that.
There is a grieving process for most of us.  I surely loved that booze.  I must have or I would have been able to control my drinking by myself.  But I loved being drunk more than anything.  It was my natural state of being.  That had to change if I was to survive.  ..So sobering up is effecting that change and if it were easy there wouldn't be so much ink spilled over it.  (Or in modern day electrons sprayed over it.)  If I can put in action some things to make my sober life better than being drunk then I have a chance of success.  That is called having a program...Booze is the ultimate good lover turned bad story.  I have to get rid of her/him but we are soulmates!!  So you grit your teeth and throw the love of your life out the window and into the parking lot.  Then close the window and turn up the music real loud because he/she will scream for weeks before going away.  Whining threatening pleading reasoning bargaining raging...the whole gamut of coercion but she/he won't kill your dog.  After a while you will see that life is better without that albatross around your neck and you will get to enjoy freedom. 
I don't miss drinking. I stopped enjoying drinking a couple years before I quit.  I wasn't having fun when I got drunk I was having headaches and anxiety attacks and was puking and shitting blood.  I had constant heartburn I was always worried about smelling like booze at work ( I probably did because I drank in the morning and at lunch) always broke always stressed about whether I should buy another box of wine or buy dinner and deal with not having booze for a couple of days. Booze always won I just wouldn't eat.  Still I continued to drink and feel like shit for a couple of years before blood tests confirmed that my liver wasn't doing well.  Now when I think about alcohol all I can think about was how horrible I felt on a daily basis and how incredibly scared I was all of the time.  I feel like I've gotten my life back and it's wonderful!
Sometimes I crave it; I can taste it and feel it and feels very much like longing or nostalgia. At the time of a craving my thought is that I miss it that it's not fair I have to live without it. But what I am learning is that cravings are fleeting (at least they become so after enough time off drinking) and they aren't the same as an honest desire for something actually satisfying. I can't say I miss my old lifestyle the physical pain and shame and anxiety and obsession. I am still clearing the wreckage of that shit. ..I guess what I "miss" is the ability to fool myself into trusting alcohol to take care of me. That came with a lot of cozy first sips and dreamless nights. But put that way it's hard to justify the missing. I am slowly learning to think of it differently. I struggle with wanting to be a normal drinker but I've been wanting that for as long as I've known how to drink so what else is new. 
