-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2u5fzp/six_week_relapse_ends_today_heres_what_im_doing/

I'm not quitting drinking. That's the kind of language I'll look at when I'm not an embarrassed hungover wreck. Today *period of abstinence* I can totally do...Quitting on my own hasn't worked. I have referred myself for one-on-one counselling and will ~~maybe~~ get myself to a meeting in the next couple of days...Quitting everything all at once hasn't worked. Today I promise not to berate myself upon getting in bed sober for smoking this afternoon. The greatest priority in my life is that I refrain from pouring liquid regret into my bloodstream. I give myself permission to sort that out first...Joining friends at the bar to drink soda hasn't worked. Today I need to come home. Fear of missing out be damned; I'm not going to regret it when I'm well rested tomorrow morning...Just today. ..Thanks for being here SD.
----------immediate responses--------

It takes what it takes.  Everyone has their own plan...Glad you're back. Most don't make it back. I am glad you did.  :)
[deleted]
&gt; Joining friends at the bar to drink soda hasn't worked. Today I need to come home. Fear of missing out be damned; I'm not going to regret it when I'm well rested tomorrow morning...This is exactly what I'm doing differently this time and so far it's working.  I'm done with trying to be the cool alcoholic who can still do everything I used to do.  I don't even want to do everything I used to do anymore.  I'm ready to be the alcoholic who is honest with myself about what I can and cannot do and is capable of finding other ways to have fun.
This is the exact mindset I'm in right now. The last few days have seemed like an eternity and that part of my head is trying to convince me I've earned a drink. But if I can just get to sleep I know I'll feel better in the morning having a clear head and no guilt.
I find it helpful for have a sponsor. If you prefer a 'mentor.'..If you flip open any biography successful people are generally not making shit up as they go along. 
One day at a time!.&gt;The greatest priority in my life is that I refrain from pouring liquid regret into my bloodstream...LIQUID REGRET.  Holy shit.  I never thought about it that way before but that's EXACTLY what it is for me.  Thank you!..If you're having a hard time with cravings and can see a doctor mine prescribed Campral.  That prescription along with talking to people here on SD helped me get through my first sober holidays in 8 years.  I didn't have any problem stopping it when I didn't think I needed it anymore and I'm doing good now...I hope the counselling and the meetings go great for ya!
