-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ubrnb/i_am_struggling/

Hey guys ..So a little over a week ago I submitted my one year post. One of the most important points on there was that I have learned that strength is asking for help. I'm asking for help. ..My relationships within AA have been compromised. My sponsor won't answer her phone. My ex-boyfriend is flaunting the fact that he's been going on dates one week after our breakup right in my face. I'm fucking lonely. I've been getting numbers for wome in the program and I've been calling. But I can't shake this lonliness. I live with my parents and I can't shake this lonliness. ..I'm having thoughts of "what the hell I'm so young why can't I just go have fun?". Those are dangerous thoughts for me. I'm having thoughts of just saying "fuck it". Yesterday the ex came up to me after the meeting and said "I'm going to hell for giving you resentments sorry" and all I wanted to do was punch him in his fucking smug face. ..I am up and down fifty times a day. I'm barely making it. I'm hanging on so tight and finding my rope (seemingly) disappearing in my hands. And I'm just letting it. I think I'm just looking for a little more solution here. I'm in a fog and I don't know how to get out. I get up in the morning work out go to school/work go to a meeting go home sleep repeat. And it's only week three. ..Bah. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am currently dreaming of having a little star like yours. Look how far you have come. It's tough at times and you already know you can have fun without damaging yourself. I don't know much about AA I can only say. Hang on in there reach out where you can and "this too shall pass"
I think you are handling a tough break up quite normally by feeling pretty shitty about it. There are a lot of emotions to process. Something I don't quite understand... is your ex attending the same meetings as you? When you say he came up to you after a meeting do you mean somewhere else or at the actual meeting? 
I'm really sorry you are going through a tough time.  Based on your description of your boyfriend's conduct he did you a favor when you broke up with him.  What a peach!..The AA sponsor thing is troubling. I would get a new sponsor as quickly as possible; and I'd be at all the fun young people meetings tonight and tomorrow.  Finally nothing bad in my life was ever improved by alcohol in fact the reverse was true.  This is the time to double down on recovery and find the fun and companionship.  ..Good luck oh and remember what you left behind when you stopped drinking.  You don't ever have to go through those things again.  
I think you dodged a bullet by losing the boyfriend. He sounds like a sadistic sociopath. 
Someone once told me "If you're at the end of your rope tie a knot and start climbing."  ..You can do it BAF. Do you have Women's meetings available? It may be a good idea to make them available. "Any lengths" is not an ambiguous phrase. I found that for me if I don't put sobriety first--above jobs friends family school ANYTHING--I'll put it last. ..I believe in you. 
I'm sorry you're having a rough time. You sound like a woman with a lot of spunk. In a similar situation I put my anger to good use. A slogan which helped me is "Living well is the best revenge". There was NO WAY I was going to drink and give my ex the chance to say "Look at her. She's a drunk!" I used every bit of stubbornness I could muster to stay away from the first drink. ..Do you have a therapist? I'm curious what else you've done besides AA. A sober life is meant to be satisfying. However there are going to be challenges such as you are experiencing now. This is an opportunity to practice some of the skills you've learned this year. And you're doing it by reaching out here. ..Go out for coffee or a movie even if you have to go by yourself. The fog will lift as long as you keep doing the next right thing. I had very similar problems and fought to hold my head up high. ..I'm sorry about your sponsor. Abandonment feels scary and overwhelming. What you are feeling is normal under the circumstances. Hang on /u/blindasfuck! There's plenty of rope. Stay in touch. 
2 weeks ago I thought "fuck it" - I'll can always stop again later and almost went back to drinking.  Posted here and someone suggested Ice Cream - among other things...I thought it was silly and wouldn't work but I hadn't bought ice cream in years and I thought "Why the fuck not?  It's better than drinking."..I ended up buying a lot of ice cream and didn't drink.  It worked well so I did the same last weekend and didn't drink.  I didn't feel the cravings like yesterday like I did the 2 previous Fridays so I didn't buy more...It's cool to me how little suggestions like this help so much...Anyways I hope you find some help.  Feel free to PM if you want to chat more directly.  
I don't know about your relationship or situation but I just wanted to comment and show some love to you. It sounds like you're dealing with some shit right now and your ex is being a complete douchebag. What the fuck kind of thing is that to say to you?! Makes me angry just reading it but sounds like you handled it best by walking away...I hope you continue to take care of yourself through this tough period. 
Hang in there. I went through something very similar at a year just felt a general anxiety about life in general everytjing felt overwhelming. Combining that with this guy makes it even worse. Don't know how far you are in the steps but I suggest you read Acceptance is the Answer tonight or if able go to a Big Book meeting and ask if they can read it. That's my favorite chapter in the entire Big Book. It reminds me that everything that makes me angry starts from within. ..Good luck you'll make it though.
Are you able to go to a different meeting where is isn't present?..I'm new to this but went to an 11th step meeting today where everyone shared about the peace that meditation and prayer gave them in times of struggle. You could try to let go of your ex and his crap and refocus your mind on you and your recovery through meditation...Maybe you can take a bath tonight have a nice cuppa tea and listen to some guided meditations tonight. Try Meditation Oasis podcasts (you can google or find them on the podcast app for iPhone). They are my favorite and have many meditations on opening the heart self acceptance releasing stress and pressure mindfulness peace and whatnot..I'm so sorry you are having a tough time but we are all here for you to support you and talk to you. ..It sucks that there isn't a magic button to make it all go away. Try to find some peace within your sobriety and your year anniversary. You've made it so far and you've made so many improvements!..Bath! Tea! Meditation! Relax don't be so hard on yourself breathe and practice gratitude for the things that are good
i feel for you my friend hang in there when i'm in a place like you're in i find it helpful sometimes and this might not work at all for you but i just go anywhere literally the grocery store or target where there are other people helps somehow to not feel so alone I know it sounds pathetic but I've done it many times when I felt like this and somehow it helps just my 2 cents hang in there this will pass
Break-ups are bloody hard.  Can you take time out to go to a counsellor to talk it through?  And with a break-up you can be surrounded by lots of people but still feel horribly lonely.  It wouldn't have been much of a relationship if you didn't feel this way.  ..But lets face it a binge will make you feel worse not better.  One day at a time.  ..I will not drink today.
For how long were you and this boyfriend dating? Was it an existing relationship or did you start dating within the past year?  ..Breakups are no fun.  Your outlook will improve but it's going to take time. Drinking will not speed things along it won't make anything go away and it will in all likelihood make things worse.  ..I know it's easier said than done but stay true to yourself.  In a few months you'll barely be able to comprehend how a guy like that could have that sort of power in your life. .
