-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uc7tq/i_want_to_drink_so_badly_today/

Hi..Quick background. December 16 2014 I quit drinking. Big messy fight with my ex and we kept trying to go on but we ended up just deciding to be friends a week ago. ..The cravings haven't been strong until lately. I moved to a new city started a 6 month training program for Audio Engineering and while I had my boyfriend to lean on I needed/need friends. I am a 29 year old quite attractive female in a male dominated program. I feel lonely isolated and stressed out. I have instead of taking time to focus in my labs and get better at what we do I spent a lot of time drinking and going out. This was how I created a wonderful network in the old city I was living in. I bonded with musicians through partying and now I don't drink... I feel like an outsider and a loner. Isolated even more...I want to cry right now I had a huge meeting networking opportunity I had this weekend that I am currently not attending due to the anxiety of feeling like an outsider and at a loss for specialized skill set in this industry. I took the audio engineering course so I would have a better technical understanding of instruments how to record and live sound. This has helped immensely but it's not exactly what I want to do. I want to manage and start a label. ..But in this new city I am struggling to meet musicians and artists. We had a rough week of recording 2 bands that I felt drained me physically because I was so bad at the technical side and timid. ..I just feel like getting a bottle of wine getting a bit tipsy and going to this show tonight to ease myself. I can't. It'll turn into 'oh - ok. That night was AWESOME I held back I had fun.'. Then the following weekend I will be like 'that was so much fun and I had a good time I wanna do it again!' and instead of just a couple of glasses it'll be back to shots and a 5th beer and then the next day I'll be like 'I have cash I might as well have another bottle!'. ..Then it'll be back to 3-5 times a week 7-10 drinks per time. I don't want to. 
----------immediate responses--------

take a breath..take a walk..take a swim..get out of where you are and change your context. ..Keep up the good fight you're doing amazing work. as for school "illegitimi non carborundum" [don't let the bastards grind you down](-;
Treat yourself. Grab a pint of Ben &amp; Jerry's. Read a book. Take a bath. Bake some cookies. Meditation (meditationoasis.com)
So musician/producer here and I know how tough it can be to stay sober in that scene. Sounds like a stressful time- new city school breakup still pretty early into sobriety- its definitely understandable to feel emotional.  ..But an important thing to remember is that when it comes down to it the people who put in the work time and have the talent are the ones who typically make longterm careers out of any kind of art... especially people who are "behind the scenes" like engineers and record label managers. Drinking is not going to make you any better at audio engineering much less starting/managing a label. What will is time energy and persistence.  ..It also takes time and energy to get used to doing social stuff sober. I was worried that I would lose touch with the art and music scene when I quit drinking. For a few months I did. I skipped out on the social stuff for awhile and put that time and energy into my creative work. I realized how much I had been half-assing everything while I was drinking. Eventually when I started doing social stuff again I started connecting with people who were way more focused on music and art than partying. At that point I got hooked into the "scene" in a way that I never had before and have had loads of opportunities to DJ work on tracks do videos etc. Now when I'm "hanging out" with music friends we are working on a project together instead of sitting around drinking and talking about projects. So its awesome. It took awhile to get to that point and I still sometimes struggle with it but totally worth it. ..In terms of support it sounds like you could use some. Have you thought about AA? Might be a good place to start meeting some other sober folks in your area- and there's a good chance you might meet some fellow artists/musicians there too. 
You're not alone. Many of us have had similar feelings in similar situations. This will pass. It will get easier...There will be other networking opportunities. It feels awful right now to miss this one but you will still network...Have you ever met any musicians/artists who are sober? I'm in a Midwest US city and have met many. Have you tried an AA meeting? If nothing else it's the opportunity to be around people who understand what you're going through. I bet a number of them are into music too...I wish you the best and I encourage you to breathe try to get busy doing something productive and/or fun and make a note when this passes so that you can remind yourself that experiences like this really are temporary...You can do this. Stick around here and read the stories check out the live chat in the sidebar. People are here to support you and I'm one of them :-)
nothing intelligent to add other than YOU ARE NOT ALONE I want to get my Saturday night ritual on so badly - ..Beer 1 strong 9%'er sip on it while sipping on 2 shots vodka.wait 5 minutes.repeat
Drinkers tend to be really hard on themselves - I know I am. There is one piece of advice I always remember when feeling anxiety about not knowing what I'm doing not doing a good enough job my ability to succeed at some goal: ..Fake it till you make it...When I'm not feeling confident I just act like I am confident instead. Doing that gets me through the situation so that I eventually gain the experience needed to be confident.
Keep fighting the good fight. We are here for you.
[deleted]
