-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ue6dy/its_pretty_wild_how_quickly_you_can_go_from_high/

My social anxiety came back with a fury tonight. Last night I was assertive and felt great. I had a few Red Bulls and I felt... powerful. I felt focused and as if I could go the rest of my life without a drink. I was certain I was on easy street...Tonight I felt my confidence dwindle. It wasn't so much at first btu then it spiraled away. It was like I was a snowman trying to keep itself together as the wind blew at it relentlessly. Chunks blew off and I knew with alcohol in reach that I could patch myself up with some booze. I knew it was the quick solution...I never actually said not today. I told a few people maybe tomorrow. But I subconsciously knew I would not be drinking today. Not today! So I mowed through. I had a few smokes and enjoyed the time to myself. I talked to a few strangers and pushed through my comfort zone all the while struggling to keep it together. Continuously doing my best to reassure myself that there will be good times. I just had to mow through the bad...I'm about to go to sleep and just thinking about how different this weekend has treated me so far. Yesterday felt so damn good to be me. To truly be me. Then today a sledgehammer smashed me over and over again. The cold didn't help. My friend insisting that it was time I relaxed. That I had done my time and was now good to go to commence drinking again. Jesus... That did not help...I don't know much about all this. Going out and facing triggers is definitely a fucking trial. It tests me to the core and I know it's dangerous. It's just that I've got a pretty good grasp on what my true trigger is. Social anxiety. I want to beat it. I know this will cause me to go through bad times like tonight but it just makes the good nights stand out that much more...I'm confident that I can make those good nights happen more often. I've already been resolute in not falling off the wagon. I want my health. I want those good nights. I want the challenge because I know the reward is immeasurable. So screw the bad nights. I'll take them. I'll do whatever it takes to make it. Even if it takes 100 bad nights...Edit: There's something about friends "drinking buddies" who tell you that what you're doing is awesome. That they can't do what you're doing and all the congratulations. The reassurance feels good but sometimes the way they say it makes me see the cracks in my determination. It's like they make me face how easy it is to give in and relapse. Instead of my simply deciding on no suddenly them bringing it up is like putting the option back on the table. People pushing me to just have one drink just annoy me and my stubborness makes me more willing to resist. It's ironic in a way that the people who congratulate me or seem to support me might be the most dangerous trigger.
----------immediate responses--------

Today is the only day we can stay sober - so victory!  you stayed sober today...And tomorrow when you wake up it will be 'today' again - another day to be your best whatever it takes.
Good post - it isn't always easy and sometimes it's realizing this and pushing through it that can make all the difference between another sober day and a relapse...I want those good nights too - and I'm starting to see them more and more. At 6+ months the ratio of good to bad is getting better and better and I'm loving it. I'm hoping the same thing happens for you soon too. Good luck and keep posting!
Great post - thanks for sharing and good on you for staying strong.  
I think in a lot of ways seemingly antithetical things end up being the worst triggers. For me I noticed going to AA made me want to drink like a sunstroked beggar in Burma. Recognizing the trigger is key to disabling it (as much as that may even be possible). I like to examine it harshly once removed from the situation so that I may understand it to the best of my ability...What has helped me most has been to assert that I am the master of my actions: that there is no room for addiction to push me around that it is an insidious force seeking to undermine the truth and beauty of me. I did horrible things while drunk too many to even count in any meaningful way. Now I am in control and it will stay that way. Because I say so. Because even though alcohol promises freedom and fun the reality is quite the opposite...Sounds like you should take a night off from your friends. They mean well bless their hearts (so do/did mine) but underlying that is validation-seeking for their own actions.
