-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uea4z/i_havent_been_drinking_in_january_2015/

2015 has been a really good year so far. I have experienced some improvements in my life but there is still some things that I struggle with...The positive changes:.- I've already become in a much better physical shape...- I play football (soccer) three times a week...- I've started doing weightlifting again and managed to get 95Kg in the Clean and Jerk the other day which is pretty close to my all-time PR. My goal is to Clean and Jerk a 100 Kilograms here in February...- I've moved to a new place with two awesome roommates (who also happens to not drink).- I started playing Squash one time a week with a good friend. So now I'm actually doing some kind of sport everyday. It's a pretty good way to fill in some of the time that I used to spent getting drunk and having hangovers...- Im generally much happier than I was just one month ago...- I do not spent more money than I earn. My financial situation is still pretty fucked and it will probably take a long time to get back on track in that matter. But at least it's not getting worse which would 100% be the case if I had continued drinking and smoking...- It's a lot easier for me to not smoke weed or do drugs when I don't drink...- My anxiety has almost completely disappeared and I expect it to get better as long as I don't drink or do drugs...- I read more now and I can really concentrate my mind about it......One of the hardest things about sobriety is that I have to start dealing with all my underlying problems. I've fucked up my education at the University pretty much in terms of grades. I've totally neglected my resume and thus my chances of getting a good start carreer-wise when i graduate. The bright sight of this is that I managed to stay at the University and not quitting completely...I also find it hard to figure out how I want to live my life in the future. When I was drinking and doing drugs I used to be pretty laid back about everything. It's a little hard for me to describe in English but my philosophy used to be somewhat along the line of Bob Marley's "don't worry about a thing cause every little thing is gonna be all right". But now that I'm not living in a haze I've experienced that I all of a sudden become almost too ambitious about everything. I wan't to be the best in the football team. I wan't to have a great career in my field. I expect a lot more of my family and friends. I want everything to be perfect. I guess I just have real high expectations of what life should be now that Im sober. The problem is that most of these expectations are unrealistic and that leads to a lot of disappointments and stress...So I have to work on finding a balance between the way I used to live for so many years and the new over-ambitious me. ..If you're out there reading this and you're thinking about quitting drinking I can highly recommend it! I had a sober spell of 5 months in 2013 and the same in 2014 but I relapsed both times. I just want to say to you that it is never to late! And good times are never wasted so go give sobriety a chance even if you've relapsed a 100 times!..A big THANK YOU to all the people who post here on stop drinking you are all doing a great job to help other people like myself.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I read more and now and I can really concentrate my mind about it...That explains the lack of a TL:DR...Seriously thanks for posting.  Congrats on a great month!
Awesome post. Congratulations on a sober 2015! You sound like you're in a great place. Here's to day one of a sober February!
I love how you end with "good times are never wasted".  So totally agree!
[deleted]
Congrats!."Good times are never wasted."..My anxiety is pretty much gone as well it really is amazing.
Congrats!  We have the same sobriety date.  Are we supposed  become blood siblings or something??  I don't know how this works
Great post glad you're here and telling is about it. I agree it's totally worth it I have also done sober stints in the previous years but this is my longest stretch in a looooong time. Let's keep it up!
