-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uehr1/after_my_last_relapse_i_wrote_this_for_myself_but/

    ..You feel broken. There is a dull pain in your stomach coming from your swollen liver. Your mouth is dry. Breath is rank from cigarettes. Nothing will change this today. No matter how often you brush. You will be tired but awake. The sleep you got the night before wasn't real. Just your body trying to get the alcohol out of your system. You are too tired to get up and begin anything that would resemble a normal day. Your first thought is a little bit of alcohol will help - just to get moving. ..Anxiety has set in. You drank and now you are face first with the consequences. You lost your sobriety but you aren't sure if was ever yours. You lied to your girlfriend but this is nothing new for you and your relapses. You know it will take a few days to feel better to become a fully functioning person- assuming you stop drinking. But in the here and now you just start to feel that slow ball of anxiety grow inside. What did I do last night? Do I remember everything. How much did I spend? Did I let anything important go from work?..With that you pull up your iphone and cycle through text messages emails and anything else that could jog your mind or reveal a moment in the past you had forgotten. You are lucky this time. You are lucky most times. You have yet to screw things up at work. But you know that is just a matter of time. Your absences of been nominal. Your work is stellar so long as you haven't been drinking. In fact you recently were made VP. However you are thinking a lot about a few conference calls you dialed into while taking a break from the bar.  You were not at your best. Experience may have taught you a few ways to hide it in your voice. Anxiety builds. A true alcoholic is never quite sure how they looked or came off. Its a magician's trick from an amateur - no matter how good they pulled it off once - far too often they made the reveal. ..Your relationship with your girlfriend gets stunned. But she has threatened to leave before and hasn't. You know you can fix it. It will take time but its fixable. Anxiety continues to grow. You let her explain her feelings. She is hurt. This places her life on hold. She can't keep doing this. She feels stupid since as soon she feels the slightest bit secure you mess up again. Usually after 30 or 60 days. Occasionally you make it more but you always build a quiet calm before you drop napalm on your life. She yells but it doesn't make anyone feel better. The guilt and shame are so familiar at this point. You are just numb waiting for it to be over. ..Your mind protects you in the instance. Shuts down the really painful parts about your drinking. But it will abandon you when you next need it - before the next drink. You just don't know when that will be. You can no longer trust the voice in your head. But you are going to keep fighting. You had nearly 11 months of sober time in the last year - just not consecutive. Your relapses keep following a pattern. So perhaps there is a way to unlock it. You need to do more work. But you know how much better life will be as a sober person. The sleep. The comfort. ..Ironically for about a week after your relapses you are more emotionally aware than ever before. You let in the world around you on its terms and not yours. But keeping this spiritual door open proves elusive. You flatten out. You exist. But you don't work on getting better. Doing work. Not unlike any process of self betterment. It will mean a commitment. Anything worth doing does. Its progress not perfection as they sat in meetings. Oddly you keep thinking of Travis Bickle from Taxi Driver when he decides he has been complacent. You become singular in your vision. But that is today. You will need to wake up and do it again tomorrow. This time you will. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks so much for sharing this.  Really powerful.
Wow nice! Lots of things ring bells for me. I sober me had written something like that to drunk me years ago but sober me was scared and drunk me was in control. 
Wow. So powerful. It's amazing to come to the subreddit and continually feel a connection and relation to others' posts. Thank you so much for sharing this /u/reed_201 
If that doesn't describe me I'm not sure what does.
The progression you capture here is something that I really needed to feel right now.  Thank you /u/reed_201.  Working on getting better EVERY DAY is where my focus has to be to stay sober. My mind is powerful and devious and I can "no longer trust that voice in my head" but like you and the others here I am going to keep fighting! Beautifully written powerfully expressed deeply heard.  Thank you.
