-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ufkt7/facebook/

I don't know why but I have always kept my struggles with booze off social media. Today this guy (I'm not really a fan of) posted a selfie and a "I dont really have a problem and I'm not quitting forever but I'm so proud of myself for going 30 days w/o booze!" and honestly it bothered me...Maybe becaues I feel like this is such a huge struggle for so many of us it seems like this dude was trivializing it and making it into a quick way to get some likes. ..Maybe I'm (definitely) being over sensitive.  If he's gone 30 days sober and felt like it was a big enough deal to post about it I know I should be sympathetic and supportive. Just cause I feel like it's better to suffer in (relative) silence doesn't mean that's the best way to go...What do you guys feel about sharing on FB and the like? 
----------immediate responses--------

The only time I ever really posted on Facebook was when I was drunk. I deactivated my account the same day I stopped drinking (I have deactivated it for longer in the past) and I don't miss it at all. ..I am focusing on my recovery. I don't need to be worrying about anything else right now.
I shared on FB on new years eve to say I'd stopped drinking that was it for sharing. I just wanted to make a statement but it was within another statement about wanting to move my life forward in general. ..Other FB stuff I've 'unfollowed' a few friends who always seem to be drinking or talking about drinking (used to work in bars so there are a lot of them!) for my own sanity more than anything else. 
I used to post on FB drunk all the time but they were not generally "ZOMG IM SOOO DRUNKKKKK" posts...I haven't posted anything about my sobriety... That's way too personal for social media (future employers might see it who knows).  ..Maybe for the guy who posted that it is an important part of his recovery to post on FB...
A bigger question might be why you are resentful of this guy and what he is doing?  It clearly has nothing to do with you correct?..In my experience I call these kinds of things resentments.  For me resentments were (are?) really destructive to my overall health and sobriety.  When I found a way to recognize and deal with my resentments my life and specifically sobriety became so much easier.
That would bother me too.  The part where he says "I don't really have a problem"... he's saying he's not an alcoholic cause that would be bad. If he's not an alcoholic then going 30 days booze free shouldn't be anything that he should be particularly proud of....I had a friend post once that he was one year sober.  He was a high school friend that I don't interact with in real life anymore but I remember him having big problems back in the day.  And this post made me really happy!  I have even though of him often as I move through my own recovery.  That's the type of sober-related drinking Facebook post that I appreciate.
To each their own...I talked about my sobriety if asked about it in person but I kept it off FB until I had over a year.  ..I would caution against posting it on FB to try and make yourself feel better about your sobriety.  If you are still seeking approval from other people then you aren't going to stay sober.  Quitting drinking is one of those things in life where it shouldn't be about others it should be about yourself.  It shouldn't be brought on by other people it should be your decision.  ..That being said once you've gone some time and really are firm (I don't think anyone at thirty days can say that) I don't see a problem with being more open about your positive change.  Just don't ever get tricked in to thinking of a certain mile marker (1 year for instance) as a finish line.  For an alcoholic being sober isn't a race it's a lifestyle change.  You're never done with it.  And if you're just "running the race" for the karma you'll crumble the moment you find yourself in a weak place or telling yourself that "nobody else cares why shouldn't I get drunk?"..TLDR:  If you are farming karma from sobriety at one month maybe you aren't getting sober for the right reasons.  What will keep you sober when the glamor and adoration fades after 6 months a year etc?
