-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uhupt/single_serving_bar_buddies/

Day 29: down and kitten did not imbibe. Did my morning mantra I am an alcoholic I will not drink today but I sill love myself and I am working a solution. Today was just today it was life doing what life does. In the last 29 days that's what I've learned that these things and feels and whatnot are just a part of life. But I've been lonely. Life can be lonely sometimes even with great friends. And I know I filled that loneliness with alcohol and meeting people going out. It was easy to make "friends" when I went to the bar. In the words of Tyler Durden they were great single serving friends for those few hours. Alcohol made it all the more easy to "connect". I put those words on quotation marks because I knew none of it was real. The loneliness will always be there it's a part of life but the urge to go to the bar and drink is the strongest when I am lonely. But I know I'll find other ways to connect with people in a good way right now it's just hard. Gotta push myself to make more AA friends. ..In today's meeting a little light bulb flickered. Like others I've been struggling with step 3 made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of god as we understood him. I believe in a higher power but the whole turning it over thing that's been hard for me. After today's meeting I know it's something I need to do because my will what I want and what I would let myself do isn't good. If it was my will I'd go to the bar to hang out and meet people and drink to interact. People who I know I probably wouldn't hang out with if I wasn't drinking people who don't want to get to know me as a person beyond alcohol. My will would have me drinking hanging out with unsavory characters and doing incredibly stupid things. I know that's what my will would have me do because that's where my drinking and will has led me before. The higher power whatever it is can't possible make worse decisions than the ones I've made as a result of my will already. Time to give the higher power a try. I think some people call it faith but right now letting it in just feels like what I need to do. ..That's just some kitten in your noodle nighttime ramblin's. Thanks for reading fellow SD'ers and sobies. Stay safe this super foozeball night. Kitten out.
----------immediate responses--------

Good Morning! I don't have any advice for the loneliness I got it too.  I hope you have a good week! :)
I'm a few days behind you but like you I'm cranking on my steps.  I mostly am no longer white knuckling but I have not yet had my obsession removed.  I've made it to step 8 (my sponsor is not one of those 'take it slow' types!).  ..I'm mega-agnostic and have yelled at the heavens to send me proof of HP(Higher Power) existing.  Know what HP sent me?  Raging alcoholism such that no human force I know of could remove it (I tried and tried and tried).  Seeing so many people who *have* had that obsession removed who are now **recovered** alcoholics was my burning bush I guess.  :)..Great work on 30!
Like you I struggle with loneliness and "turning it over" /u/kitteninyournoodle.    I've been listening to a very gentle human being (Rupert Spira) who has dedicated his life to the study of experience. Something about his approach kindness and the endless effortless way he listens to people and answers their questions has me listening over and over again.  Like this in this clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3W9VZ8A4M_o  
