-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2unccf/update_serious_frustrations_about_aa_steps_im_the/

I'm still going to meetings every day sometimes twice a day! I've been welcomed so lovingly and without judgment and it's wonderful.   ..I'm assuming a few of you are in AA. I have a couple of related questions and they're making me frustrated.  .For example "powerless"? I sort of understood it as "we have been powerless to stop our drinking once we start" or something but this member literally told me her sponsor said to "be powerless today". Huh? This feels like a *very* active process for me nothing powerless or otherwise passive about it.   ..So that's my first...struggle.   ..Related is that this one girl keeps telling me that because I have a drinking problem that I can literally get an ANYTHING problem (the same girl said she wouldn't hang out with me if I had even an empty can in my room).    ..I know myself well enough to know that if I smoke weed with a friend once a month I won't develop "a problem". If I do acid with my friends every year at a music festival I won't develop "a problem". I have Xanax for an anxiety disorder but have never developed "a problem". My close friend gave me her painkiller medication to keep away from her because she had a problem but I never touched it...because alcohol is *the problem*.     ..But she keeps insisting that I am "*an addict*" and can literally never touch anything again without instantly becoming hooked on it.     ...What gives?    .Do any of you feel that way or have experience with people who have felt that way?    ..I find it completely fucking absurd and is really turning me off of the program.    ...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I find it completely fucking absurd and is really turning me off of the program. ..With all due respect it seems to me as if you are thinking way too much at 4 days sober.  The best advice I ever received was to stop trying to figure it all out and just relax.  Go to my meetings and stay sober.  When the time is right I will be able to think through things properly.  That advice came to me when I was about 90 days clean and sober and I was ready to kill someone in AA or just quit altogether because it was such "a bullshit group."..Over 4 years later me my wife and my children are so happy that I didn't quit and I took that advice to heart...Good luck.
Concerning the whole powerless thing - Some people become like fucking AA philosophers. They parse every word of the Big Book and try to get a PhD in AA. Just keep it simple. For me once I start drinking I can't stop. Also unless I have frequent reminders that I'm an alcoholic I have the tendency to start drinking again. In this sense I am powerless. I don't think about it any more or less than that...As for the other things I see where she's coming from but perhaps not to the extent that she is saying. I know when I quit drinking I suddenly became very fixated with sex. My brain was trying to find a replacement for the pop of dopamine it was no longer getting. If you want to smoke pot and drop acid just be honest about it. However if your "smoke pot once a month" turns into "smoke pot once a week" and you have a mental obsession about the next time you smoke pot then you may need to reevaluate...I may not have addressed everything but if you have questions let me know...
I imagine you will get all sorts of comments about powerlessness in response to your great post but at 4 days sober being "powerless" meant quite simply: don't bother trying to "think your way out of your alcohol problem act your way into better thinking."  What I mean by that is this: I was able to quit smoking lose weight change all sorts of habits and achieve athletic goals though WILL POWER.  My alcohol problem called for a different approach.  An approach predicated not on my will POWER but on my simple willingness to do some simple rote actions mostly follow directions don't drink go to recovery meetings repeat.  As a result with sustained sober time I got clarity and the idea of powerless took hold as not just a recognition of my problem with alcohol but as a strategy for living a successful and desirable life.
These things are related to the people in aa not the program. Still that's why I decided to check out smart recovery. Are there any smartrecovery.org meetings near you?
You get what you put into it.  If resistance and butt hurt over technicallities and others opinions is what you are receiving from the program thats what you are putting into it.  I started out hating AA because of my preconceived thoughts about it being a cult and god pushing religion base.  AA was shit to me because I expected it to be.  After putting aside my terrible mindset and opening my thought process to finding something to guide me to a better lifestyle I was able to start understanding the underlying priciples.  I reword statements and opinions now to suit my own need.  I want to remain sober so I am creating the correct ears and mind to find excuses to remain sober...The will to clean up and recover is all on you my friend.  No amount of outside help or guidance will save you from the fate of your own choices...Having faith is a loaded concept and is much deeper than simply believing in a higher power.  I can be labeled as an athiest but I have faith in human interaction and the power of choice to help shape a better future than I can plan for...The girl that is pissing you off might be a decent reflection on yourself for the qualities inside that are shameful and afraid of being confronted.  A sobering fact I have learned is I did this to myself no one forced me to become an alcoholic and treat people like shit I did this.  Same goes for recovery.  I did this to myself I could always leave or dismiss attempts to help me recover but I am here now sober because I choose to be.
Hello - glad to hear you are still hanging in there...I think the best thing I can tell you is that you are going to find distasteful people wherever you go whatever you do etc.  Just because someone got successfully sober does not make them an likable person...My home group has some "AA philosophers" as noted by /u/TeddyPeep.  I found it best to listen nod and act polite.  As I grow more into my sobriety it makes me wonder if these folks are the most terrified or susceptible of slipping back hence the way they carry themselves.  Overcompensation?  I don't know but it is their way to maintain their sobriety so even though I find them a bit not to my liking I respect them for finding a way...I think there is an aspect to a substance abuser's personality that likes to reject things act in control and move against the norm.  That certainly was the case for me.  AA was a bit stupid and filled with platitudes to me at first the people were way over the top and the whole deal felt like a load of BS.  Heck maybe it is.  ..What I was able to do was loosen my grip on the steering wheel listen to others and start accepting the fact that maybe I am not nearly as in control as I originally thought.  ..I didn't need to lose my identity to accept my fallibility but I think there could be others that may need to do so...As /u/Nika65 noted relaxing taking a step back and just going with the flow may be a good idea.  I was super gung ho at first but it just ended poorly.  I needed to remember that this was going to be a process.  I am far from out of the woods too..
Glad you posted...When I first attended AA meetings I got all sorts of conflicting and seemingly absurd advice including people who labeled me an 'addict' or 'powerless' or even 'not a pure alky.'  ..Part of the issue seemed to be that nobody was in charge of the message that AA members were supposed to spout.  I'd hear one thing at one meeting another thing at a meeting down the street...What worked for me was getting a sponsor.  What my sponsor did was act as a *filter* for all the viewpoints and contrary advice I was getting.  He gave me a cohesive sensible series of actions to take that made my path to recovery much smoother...What I now recognize is that AA's are allowed to take whatever tack they want when it comes to approaching the steps the fellowship and recovery as long as they hold onto a few basic tenets...So don't try to make sense of everybody's advice.  Just accept that some people are going to give suggestions that work for them but will not necessarily fit into your conception of a solution for *your* problem...Find a sponsor who can give you suggestions that ring true.  That way you can 'take what you need and leave the rest.'
[deleted]
