-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uyn5k/day_seven_going_strong_but_running_into_issues/

Hello SD! Long time lurker first (real) time quitter! I'm 22 years old and I've struggled with alcohol since I moved out of my parents at 18. I've tried quitting before but it never really lasted because I didn't really want it. This time I do I've seen most of my friends fall victim to drugs and alcohol and for some reason I thought I was different. This week has been surprisingly easy for me though! ..There are a few problems I am concerned about and I'm wondering if these are common occurrences. First off I've been having really bad insomnia laying in bed up to 3 or 4 hours before I fall asleep. I feel as though this may be due to my body being used to staying up until the early morning drinking though. On top of that even when I do get a normal amount of sleep I still can't even bring myself to get out of bed in the morning which results in missed classes at school. Will this get better with time or should I be worried about it?..The next issue I find to be a bit more serious. The best way I can explain it is that my mood has been very similar to what I've read about manic depression. One day I will be on top of the world like everything is going absolutely perfect then the next day -or even later that day- I will be very depressed. Towards the end of my drinking (past 3ish months?) I noticed that I was experiencing this from time to time. Everyone always knew me as one of the calmest people they knew but then I started getting insane bursts of anger over small things that I shouldn't worry that much about. This was happening at the deepest part of my alcohol addiction as well so I'm pretty sure that was the reason for it then. Should i seek medical advice or is this just from my brain readjusting to sober life? I'm sure I could go on but it's late and I'm tired so just ask and I will be glad to elaborate. Thanks friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Hello crookd..Yes the insomnia is related to stopping drinking.  A big reason (excuse) that most of us used was that we needed to drink to be able to sleep.  Soon your sleep patterns and sleep quality will really improve...Re the anger I have sent stupid angry texts late at night and the next day was not even aware that I'd said anything - until I looked at my mobile - and then it was oh oh!  And that of course led to rubbish friendships because I was unpredictable etc.  ..My father was an alcoholic and he used to be seriously angry over nothing.  Hard to live with!..So hang in there.  You might want to see a doctor for a check-up and to discuss what you're doing...I thought I was very healthy but apparently not.  Fortunately not too bad so I can rectify things. 
Hey!.*Insomnia* - check (took me about 6 weeks to settle down)..*Mood swings* - check (my coping skills for everyday setbacks and frustrations were waaaay out of practice and the littlest thing would send me on a low. It never hurts to get checked out by a doctor if you are worried but just know that many people describe this as an effect of quitting drinking)...So great that you came out of lurkerdom. I am really looking forward to hearing more from you! 
Exercise was my saving grace on both issues..Losing weight was also a nice bonus:)
All of that sounds pretty normal for the first month or so of quitting drinking. I had all of that same stuff at least. It can take awhile to get your head straight again but you will level out. If you are still struggling with depressive stuff after a month or two you might want to look into some medical advice but you may find it clears up as your body adjusts. Good luck! 
Hi crookd!  Congrats on 7 days!!  My sleeping got really weird in the beginning too.  Emotions started coming in waves and more intense than usual.  It was a rollercoaster.  I found it really helpful to talk to someone about it at meetings and a counselor.  It helped me get out of my head where every mole hill was a mountain.
Hi Crookd I am a lurker too but find SD is very supportive and experienced. I have been drinking hot chamomile tea. It seems to reduce anxiety and helps with sleep. Hang in there!
