-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v2oxt/90_days_and_a_new_badge/

This shit feels SUBSTANTIAL now. I had a big test last night and I passed on the eve of this. I'll always be vigilant I won't RELAX but I will feel more proud of myself and more easily identify as a non-drinker now. I've been waiting for my 1/4 of a year and here it is...Thanks a lot sd you've helped make this process a lot less painful than I believe it would have been without if that makes sense...Any newbies reading please please stick with it. Even shit days have bits of awesome in them now everything isn't a great big forever of anxiety self-doubt and shame. I get the first two on occasion because I'm still human but it's so much better now. Being quit is SO much easier for me than trying to moderate. In hindsight I can't believe how scared I was of quitting but yet I struggled DAILY to moderate myself. Now my thinking has flipped the old way seems so pointlessly hard!..Anyway hope that read ok it's Saturday and early and I'm eating last nights pizza :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!!! Big milestone :)
Yee-Haw! .congrats!
Woop! How amazing! Ha I have a thing for leftover pizza... Then again I'm a student ;)
You kinda scared me when you said new badge!  It's a pretty different badge! I hear ya on how it all seems so pointlessly hard now. ..Congrats and keep it up!
Yeah! You're rocking this!
Pizza for breakfast is always a good shout. Congratulations :)  
I just had my left over Chinese for my lunch.  Damn I think takeaways taste better the day after.  Congrats on your 3 mths
90! 90! 90! You should be very proud...Enjoy your pizza. It's well-earned. Take care of yourself this weekend.
Great job on the 90 days! What a wonderful feeling it is for that number to get higher and higher! Can't wait to make it 90 days as well. But you'll be so much farther along! ;) keep up the great work!
Huge milestone.  I found 90 days was when things first got a bit easier and the constant mental struggle became a lot less of a problem.
Congrats! I'm right behind you :)
