-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v3xfj/ive_been_very_happy_to_see_so_many_of_these/

Tl;dr: Thank you all so so much...I submitted the following text on my blog today and wanted to share it with you fine people:..Day 365..On Friday February 7 2014 I was not a good husband. I was not the devoted active father I had always envisioned myself being. I hated my job. I was 35 pounds overweight. That morning I woke up in my apartment with the usual hangover from the night before. I had plans to meet a friend for drinks that night so I bought a fifth of Bombay Sapphire right after work to have  a couple  cocktails while I waited for him to arrive. Half the bottle was gone by the time we left for the bar; and the rest of the night is a blur...I had flirted with the idea of  moderating  my drinking for years and had been thinking of quitting altogether since my wife and I learned we were expecting. At this point though my daughter was 11 months old and I hadn't made any steps in that direction whatsoever. For the first time I now felt a real need to move on from this stage of my life. There was a sense of clarity that I had not previously felt and peace. My wife stared at me with the familiar mixture of disappointment frustration and tired love in her eyes as I told her I planned to stop drinking   for a while    again. Of course she was skeptical   I can't even count how many times I'd said those exact words as damage control for one drunken incident or another...That night we took our daughter to a friend's house and I drank iced tea...I remember the looks of confusion from friends and family as I continued to show up to events with ginger ale or Diet Coke in place of my trademark 24-pack of Bud Light. I didn't tell anyone besides my wife of my plans to dry out for a bit. I thought I would lose friendships; but I was much more afraid of  putting myself out there' and being held accountable. What if I couldn't do it? I couldn't bear the thought of admitting failure to so many people. I struggled through those first few weeks fighting against my instinct to stop for the customary bottle of wine on the way home from work and nervously sipping soda at get-togethers...AA wasn't for me. At least that's how I felt. The  higher power  bit is a touchy subject for me; but it was really my own arrogance that kept me out of meetings. Being able to conquer this  on my own  was paramount. I believed that finding the strength within myself to enact this change in my life would be critical to actually recovering from the addiction. So so stupid. I was immediately messing with my own head   overthinking everything focusing on the long-term.  Can I really never drink again?   What about all the barbecues this summer?   What about football season?   What about my daughter's wedding?  These are all actual thoughts that occupied actual space in my actual mind. My daughter hadn't even had her first birthday and I was absolutely agonizing over the notion of not being able to participate in the champagne toast at her wedding. There would be no way to do this without support...So instead of AA I became obsessed with an online community   /r/stopdrinking on reddit. I only posted occasionally but even lurking in the shadows provided a strong sense of fellowship. I read a book: Allen Carr's Easy Way to Control Alcohol. I even tried meeting with an addiction counselor   we had 3 or 4 sessions but I ultimately felt that I wasn't getting much out of it and cancelled our future appointments...Opening my eyes to the morning of Day 31 I was amazed. My head wasn't throbbing. I wasn't wearing yesterday's clothes. I hadn't embarrassed myself or anyone else the previous evening. Thirty-one days: the longest I had gone without a drink since I choked down my first beer over 10 years before. I accepted that this time truly was different than all previous attempts to turn things around and finally opened up to my friends and family. Much to my surprise and delight the  news  was met with universal support and understanding. I felt liberated   free to move on and at last carve out a new life for me and my family...With a month under my belt 90 days was the next goal. It was beginning to feel easier even natural to get through a day without drinking. I was starting to enjoy this newfound clarity with which I could experience life. I remembered things. My Sunday mornings were no longer weighed down by shame and guilt. My wife and I were having a lot of fun together and I was having a blast spending so much time with my kid. She was 1 at this point and I was overjoyed to watch her learn and develop without blurred vision and a drink in my hand. Spending time with friends was if anything more enjoyable now that I could engage in conversation instead of making a scene or drinking myself into a coma while people interacted around me. We bought a house. I was losing weight. I had a new job and felt an overwhelming motivation to achieve professional success. Positive reinforcement was literally all around me...As time passed I began to feel like I was finally an active participant in my own life. At 6 months sober I resolved to do everything in my power to make this change permanent   life was so beautiful now there would be no reason to go back. I would love to be able to drink  socially.  I miss the flavor of good whiskey. But I know beyond all doubt the first drink I take will be the beginning of a bender that could last another decade or longer. For me this is all or nothing...Today is February 7 2015. It has been 1 year since my last drink. I consider myself reinvented but very much a work in progress. The biggest challenge through all of this has been and will continue to be the amount of self-discovery needed to really define my identity without alcohol. I started drinking at 16 and my life since then has been a foggy season of arbitrary development. Somewhere in there I became an adult professional husband and father. I have been nothing more than a passenger along the way; so the task at hand is to discover how exactly I want to fulfill all the roles in my life and what sort of man I really am. It is intimidating but exciting. I am ready...Lastly the day-to-day of getting sober can be a tedious effort toward some abstract eventual payoff. It can be difficult to appreciate the individual successes as they occur. For the benefit of anyone who may be feeling that way now or thinking of enacting some other big change over the last 365 days I:..  bought a house     .  lost 40 pounds     .  paid off over $20000 in debt     .  got a new job with better hours better benefits and less stress     .  started contributing to my 401k for the first time in 4 years     .  got a sweet new haircut which my wife says makes me look like a hipster but whatever.     ..We're all in this together. On to Day 366.
----------immediate responses--------

Great story bro I'm glad to read this . I just told my wife on my plans to quit drinking today. It took 7 days sober(today) for me to tell her I was ready. I've quit plenty of times and failed in front of my wife . I needed these 7 solid days of proof first ...A thought on you looking like a hipster :D   You quit drinking before it was cool ! 
Please submit this to the Saturday Share link!   Congratulations your invite to /r/dinos will follow in your inbox!
Congratulations! That is awesome.
i'm so inspired by this post. thank you for sharing. this makes me motivated to keep pushing one day at a time until i hit the next milestone. ..also i am really glad to hear how family and friends reacted when you "came out". i've shared with a small group of people and eventually want to be honest with everyone. its nice to know that people were supportive of you and it give me hope that i will get the same response.
Congrats on your year.  Fair play to you lad.
Fantastic! Your accomplishments this year are inspiring all around!
Awesome awesome awesome.  So frickin' inspiring.  Kudos and thanks for sharing!
What a great story congrats and continued success to you.
"As time passed I began to feel like I was finally an active participant in my own life."..Just beautiful. That chimed like a bell. Thank you for sharing your fantastic story stay strong and nerding out a bit live long and prosper :)
Kick ass post year post! I very much identified with your whole paragraph about reinvented/ing. The self-discovery can be exciting can't it? I love those slack jawed "Oh. Wow. That's why I do that." light bulb moments. ..Congrats on your growth and accomplishments over the last year and keep em up! :-)
Holy hell that's awesome man. What a great share you've accomplished a lot. ..Just a day behind ya sober pal!
Excellent! I am struggling with identity and this was very helpful.
I am at 19 months and your story sounds similar to mine. I am thankful for the life I have back. Stories like yours keep me motivated. Thanks and continued success to you.
First one is for you the rest are for the kids and ol' lady!..GJ.
You're about my age and I just want to tell you this is so incredibly inspiring! Great job and congrats! 
Inspiring post!
