-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v509n/relapse_after_almost_3_years_of_sobriety/

Well I need to reset my badge from 1055 days to 1 day...What frustrates me even more is that this wasn't something that was spontaneous. I planned this out. I went to the liquor store got beer came home and got drunk...Now I feel like shit am still hungover regretting everything. ..And it was all because I had reached my limit I guess. The stress became overwhelming from my job and the depression got the best of me...Time for me to subscribe to this sub again and find some meetings to get to...Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  This is a great reminder to me to stay on my recovery education and vigilant of negative behaviours.
I'm so sorry to hear this. You are here and you know how to do this you have made the right decision in coming back. What can you do to deal with the root cause of the problem of the stress and depression? are you seeing anyone for it?  
I am sorry to read this. Its good you recognised early that it was a bad choice and got a grip quickly. Was it anything specific that led you to make this decision or were you heading there for a while ?
I tried on my own too many times and failed 7mths 5 mths etc  could never get any decent time till I went to AA and got involved.  I don't know if you use them but I see you mention meetings. Time to get back me thinks.  Thanks for posting keeps the whole thing real. Goodluck.
I'm sorry but I am glad you're back.  So many don't return...Onward and upward.  You didn't lose 3 years.  Now you just get to do it again.  :)
I gave up 15 years and it took me 7 years to return.  Welcome back.  I got drunk WE get sober.
Well it coulda been much worse so I'm glad you made it back so quickly. Just for my own self-protecting curiosity....can you pinpoint when your relapse started? As in a relapse starts long before that first drink. Was there a pivotal point where you could have decided reach out and chose not to do so?
Most people who go through this quickly discover that staying sober ain't so easy after they break that seal. It's usually 4 days pass reset. 3 days pass reset. Reset reset reset disappear. I hope you will check in here every day and will formulate a plan to make sure that doesn't happen to you. Welcome back. 
Thanks for sharing I know that every last one of us can appreciate this and encourage you.
I relapsed on Thanksgiving after 15 months. I planned it too knowing exactly what I was doing. The combination of stress depression and boredom proved really dangerous...I can empathize with how shitty you feel. Thanks for posting - we aren't the only ones to have slipped up. It's been tougher than I thought bouncing back but all we can do is keep on keeping on. Glad you're back.
You accomplished something that I so respect 1055 days sober - that is legendary.  One day doesn't make you an idiot especially when you came straight back on here.  Welcome.  I am just sticking to a 1 day badge for a while as I've relapsed a few times.  So here we go 1 day at a time.
Come join the stopdrinking community in the /r/stopdrinking[1] chat: https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/[2] ...If you want to talk about anything. 
I've been pretty close to relapsing two man just hit my two year mark a few weeks ago. I don't know what I'd do if I started drinking again all I can say is good luck and keep coming back just because you relapsed doesn't mean you lost all that time you learned a lot a number is always just a number badges don't mean shit.
Very few of us decide one day to get sober for the first time and then spend the rest of our lives in sobriety...The vast majority have a least a bit of sobriety a "slip" or two before finally getting it...All we can do is pick ourselves up dust off and continue on with the program having learned a valuable lesson that we pass on to others...Thanks for doing the research for me so I dont have to...My very best to you
[deleted]
