-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v6nz8/rejection/

I was rejected by my mother yesterday again.  This was the last time. My mother is a crippled alcoholic that chooses booze over her family. It's an interesting position I'm in even as a drunk myself I had difficulties handling my mother's alcoholism. It's much worst now that I'm sober. I have expressed my concerns to her on many occasions in the past. Like many drunks she refuses to acknowledge that she has a problem (even when she's lying in a fetal position in the corner of her fucking bedroom wondering who and where she is - oh wait that's because she was so fucking drunk she doesn't remember this - a grown fucking woman and mother). She has always been a drunk and she has always treated me like shit. We can say it's the disease all we want but that doesn't negate the abuse that drunks bestow on their family. It's disgusting. Fuck her. It doesn't negate the pain and rejection they create in loved ones that are forced to stick around and take it. I wasn't given the choice I was born into this fucking misery. Despite being treated like shit I always longed for a motherly connection until yesterday.  My father also an alcoholic died of liver cancer when I was in my early 20's (I'm 36 now). I felt loved by him despite his addiction. He made me feel valued. My mother was jealous of our relationship. I have been rejected by this woman more times than I can count and I'm all fucking done.  DONE.  I've been struggling with the decision to cut ties with her for many years. I always scrapped these thoughts because she's my mother and I felt bad abandoning her because my father died.  My own sister asked me why I try so hard .. what is it I'm trying to achieve? We never had a good relationship my mother was always a jealous mean unhappy and vindictive woman. She was always miserable and scary. There is absolutely no value in our relationship in our visits there is no love there is nothing but an empty drunk with nothing to say except is it time to drink yet? She ruined whatever was left of the family after my dad died. She sued them all. I don't even know where my dad's ashes are scattered. She burned bridges she was unable to repair.  She created a rift between my dad's family and us hoping to remove them completely from our lives but love and true family prevailed they didn't give up on us kids she could not ruin all of us. Less than 2 years after my father died she remarried another alcoholic. Awesome. I have decided that it's time to cut ties with this woman. Yesterday she made that decision very easy. I have been grieving her death for many years now and it's time for me to be around people that love me people that value me people that treat me well people that make me feel good about myself.  She may never realize what she's done and in a way I hope she never does because I think the truth will kill her. I'm so glad to be sober today. I'm so glad that I chose my family.  I am so glad I am free from the disease. I'm so glad to be mending relationships rather than destroying them.  I deserve to be loved.  I am worthwhile.  I deserve to be treated with kindness.  I deserve more than what I've been born into.  Alas it's time for me to let go and heal.  Sorry for being a downer SD I just need a little support right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a terrible situation /u/notadrunkanymorebut. I'm so sorry you're going through it...It sounds like you're dong the right thing - mourning the loss of this relationship. I'm so glad you're still sober and that you're getting better and taking care of yourself. ..You've been sober for 223 days. That's amazing. What an achievement! You deserve to be happy and I hope that happens for you. :)
I feel ya. I decided to cut contact with my mother back in 2006 when she and her husband high on amphetamines and alcohol decided to act in a horrible way I'm not too keen on bringing back to describe...I made two decisions solely for my own sake after that;..1. I can't let her be part of my life the way she acts and treats me...2. She's my mother and I loved who she used to be. If she acts in a way that convinces me that she's changed for the better or is *trying* to change I will allow her to contact me again...I've spoken to her twice since that when my stepfather was charged for trying to cut off a mans face and in my grandmothers funeral. I wish I didn't because I was very disappointed that she had not changed in fact she'd gotten worse...I am a grown man who sets the premises for my own life. Drinking was my choice not drinking is my choice. Saying that she has to behave like a normal human being and treat me like a normal human being if she wants contact is my choice...*That is not an evil thing to demand.*..Life is a never ending line of decisions most people aren't aware of them. She chose alcohol and drugs over her family I chose myself over her addiction. It feels like she died many years ago replaced by a husk... a zombie...I'm not saying "do this" or "do that" just that I've done the same and concluded that it was for the better.
I don't know if you have tried it but why don't you go to Alanon or post in /r/alanon they may have some ansewers.  Just throwing it out there.  Good luck I hope your mother gets better.
This is a really tough thing to go through. I don't think you are a downer at all. Instead I see this post as being incredibly hopeful. You have a great sense of who you are and have set boundaries for what type of behavior you will let into your life. These boundaries are how you start to build respect from others to exert control over the direction of your life. Even though it is sad you have to cut ties with your mother I still see lots of hope in your post!
I'm proud of you. Cutting ties with a parent is not easy. Stay strong and remember that it's okay to put yourself first!
&gt;I have been grieving her death for many years now..You've been doing the only thing she's left for you to do. ..Hang in there u/notadrunkanymorebut.
&gt; I'm so glad to be sober today. I'm so glad that I chose my family. I am so glad I am free from the disease. I'm so glad to be mending relationships rather than destroying them. I deserve to be loved. I am worthwhile. I deserve to be treated with kindness. I deserve more than what I've been born into. Alas it's time for me to let go and heal...This would make a good mantra. Something to write down  something to put up on the wall to have a look at every day. These words are so powerful! ..You show such resilience in all things. Such insight. Keep building the life you deserve.
Sorry to hear about your situation. My father was an alcoholic and died a little over a year ago from liver cancer. As much as that sucked and as much as my mother irritates me at times reading your post made me grateful for her...&gt;Sorry for being a downer SD I just need a little support right now...Nothing to apologize for - good for you for having the courage to share what you're going through.
