-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v82t1/from_603_days_to_0/

I took a sip of beer last night. It was not just to taste it. Luckily I didn't fully relapse. I'm disappointed and disgusted in myself and I hope none of you think lesser of me. I love that I was able to serve as a mentor to some and as an example of the sober life but it's time to restart and you all truly don't know how much that hurts. I'm scared I'm sorry and I'm sad. I'm back at the beginning and I'm sure I'll be more active.  .  .If I can be an example of getting sober then I can be an example of starting over.  .  .Edit: I want to thank you all you have all been amazing. Thank you for the support in the past and all of the current support. Today I learned I've influenced and helped more people than I could have imagined even though I thought I failed.
----------immediate responses--------

You still have 603 days in my mind.  I am surprised you reset your badge but that is your call.  Please don't feel bad!
This is incredibly brave of you and inspirational.  ..Please don't view this as a setback; view it as an intense dedication to your sobriety that sets an example for others because that's how I'm seeing it.
You're not really back at the "beginning" because you have the experience of 603 days. A "sip" of beer is hardly anything that would make me think less of you. It just shows the power of alcohol and the relentlessness of the disease. I respect your honesty and willingness to share. I'm curious what you are going to do differently this time. 
You are my HERO. Why? .Because:.  1. You reached a point in your sobriety that I can only dream about..  2. You reset.. You didn't have to hell you didn't even have to report it. .But you did that takes guts my friend..I really felt your pain today. .Please keep posting as I could really do with a mentor like you. You are honest and what you post is from the heart. Take care and cyber hugs to you : )..
Just just made me set my standards higher  . 
Oh hell twists...you're making me get all weepy here. I'm proud of you for being true and honest with yourself. I don't think you're starting over; simply veering in a different direction towards some answers that you need to find. May you find them. 
bud  keep counting. you taking a sip just shows your new strength 
[deleted]
Hey I went from 1055 days to 1 after Friday. It's a good thing you didn't drink more. Takes some self-control. At least you're here now...Keep your head up you clearly know what to do to get back to 603 days. Keep working. 
I have a tremendous respect for your honesty and your integrity.
I think more of you not less. Stopping after one sip resetting your badge and making a point to tell everyone here indicate huge inner strength. Beside that sharing what it feels like to take that sip could prevent someone else from doing the same thing. I hope you feel better soon.
good bad or otherwise you've still got 603..  keep moving forward. 
Just because you fail a test in High School should never be cause to go back to Kindergarten and start over. "I read this here months ago".... be aware you are a gentile soul whose done tremendous work on your sober quest. We all make mistakes they happen so we can "learn" something whatever the case...cut yourself some slack...I'd say 602.975 is most realistic!!
Talk to the mods and have them set your badge back. I'd argue that majority of us would not consider a sip of beer a break in sobriety (although obviously it's not encouraged).
One sip doesn't ruin over two years of sobriety. I came in here thinking you got blackout drunk or something.
You're a day back. I honestly think that's different from quitting that first time. Good luck and be well.
not a relapse. change yer badge back and never sip. its gonna be harder now.
So glad you came right back in! I had 5 years then went back out for 9 years. Let's not drink today!
This doesn't make sense to me. Is your sip story 100% accurate?  Is that one sip the only alcohol or mind altering drug that you've consumed in the past 603 days?
I found this inspirational and a source of strength to get through tonight without a drink. Thank you for sharing and your honesty. 
The 603 days was quite an achievement but in the end all the day count does is mark time. You are battling a day-by-day disease. Being sober today is what truly counts. You've got this. 
From this experience I think you've shown a lot of positive attributes. First you were honest with all of us and therefore honest with yourself. As others have said that takes a lot of guts. The important thing to take from this experience is this:.If you are trying to live a clean sober life in order to collect time like some kind of status badge you're missing the point and wasting your time. If you have come to the realization that your drinking/ drug use is a problem and is causing you to be unhappy then the motivation for staying sober comes from the fact that life is better that way. ..It's your call what category you're in but it seems obvious to me you're in the second. So who cares that you're back at a few days now instead of a few hundred? Are you happier than you would be otherwise? Then you're doing it right great job! 
&gt;If I can be an example of getting sober then I can be an example of starting over...What a beautiful sentence.  I really admire your honesty.  Good luck!
Don't beat yourself up. You took a sip but as you say you didn't fully relapse. Whether to reset the badge or not is your call...But look on the bright side -- did that sip ruin friendships or turn your life as it is now into a nightmare? Probably not. It could've if you drank more ended up in a bender drove a car or whatever but it didn't. It's a wakeup call without a lot of grim consequences...You can do this. And as others in this thread have said you have the experience of 603 days of sobriety to help get you back on track. This isn't a bottom -- it's a warning.
If you can start over again right now you will be a wonderful example to other people. It can also mean your new sober life is even better than the old one. Back in the nineties I relapsed after 2 years of being sober and it took me almost ten years to stop again - please don't allow this to happen to you. ..The reason I relapsed was because although things had improved for me my new life just wasn't giving me what I needed. To be honest I never actually felt free of alcohol during those two years. I was finally able to give up alcohol forever when I fully accepted it had nothing to offer me - I hope you can achieve this realization too.  
I wouldn't reset unless I got drunk.  I wouldn't totally rule out a glass of wine with dinner for example (though not at home).
Thank you for posting honestly. Even if you had had a full relapse I wouldn't have thought any less of you. We're all only human.
Man I've gotten a lot of surrender chips in the last two years. Id have to be feeling pretty good in my sobriety to be honest over a sip.  I'm pretty honest but I always seem to round up when it comes to months and half years. The good news for you is you got some extended quality sobriety.  Perhaps this is a sign that you have the possibility of even higher quality sobriety and happiness in the future and use this as a very hairy warning. 
On one hand part of me is worried about a badge reset because when I wasn't able to stay sober I used the fact that I was 'resetting' my sobriety date as an excuse to say 'Well I might as well get in a few good ones before I *really* try again.'..So don't do that...But on the other hand your reasoning is sound. You're taking it seriously and you're worried that if you don't take it seriously that you will use it as an excuse to continue to slip and not analyse your behavior that led to this point. So good ups to you...The days aren't important. Only perspective is important. I know guys in AA that are twenty years sober and are crazy as fucking loons. Time doesn't really mean anything. Only perspective and the ability to examine one's self...Much love and take care!
I screwed up on day 30. If I go the next 573 days without slipping up we'll have the same stats! I agree with everyone who's given you good perspective to not let the 'timing' of it get you down. ..It's like in sports when the kicker in football misses the last kick or the the basketball player misses the buzzer shot. It's incorrect to say that *that play* lost the game. That play was part of a much larger game - and you're time is not up yet!
Ok dokie.. So 2 years 2 months sober here....Couple of things I have learnt from the "rooms" a lapse is a one off... A relapse is ongoing also it's not all about how long you have been sober for its what you do with your sober time that counts sitting in meetings with them old timers who have 30+ year talk shit for half an hour and they are sick as fuck then you have a young 22 year old with 3 years who completely has her life together! So you see my point? It takes balls to come back after a lapse WELL DONE xoxo
This raises a question:  is a sub-clinical dose of alcohol a relapse?  You may know that if you leave orange juice in the refrigerator for a week or two it will begin to ferment naturally and if you drink a glass of it you are getting ethyl alcohol into your system but at dosages that are not sufficient to impair or poison you in any way....Just a thought....
&gt; I hope none of you think lesser of me...Of course not. **Thank you** for sharing. I believe it is a powerful and valuable help to all of us when those with extended sobriety come here to share regarding a relapse...603 is amazing. It's *real proof* you can do this. I'm not just saying that it's proof you can be free from the negative effects of alcohol for the rest of your life. *You* get to choose...that's all any of us can ask for...It takes courage and humility to post after any relapse. I respect that...Get up friend. Let's keep going.
[This](http://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/2v8gc3/image_my_mom_had_this_made_for_me_the_day_i_got/) seems appropriate today. 
What was it like to have a sip of beer after so long?  Did the brain kick in wanting more?  Did it taste good?  I have always wondered the same thing about if I had a puff of a cigarette after 3 years.  "Just one".....I wouldn't consider a sip a failure and I wouldn't reset my badge over it.
