-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v8q4w/its_always_the_bright_shiny_wonderful_days_that/

I don't think about drinking when I have a shitty day at work or when I have a huge fight with my SO or when my kid throws the football in the house for the 47th time and finally hits and breaks something I care for.  Those times are easy for me to not drink for some reason.  But a perfect wonderful sunshiney day filled with laughter and exercise and activity and fun can really get me.  Those days can bring out this other voice that says "hey wait.....really?  You sure wine wouldn't make this more fun?"  ..I'm not struggling with it today and I definitely didn't even consider acting on this thought but I had the thought and I think it's really interesting that my brightest days are still marred a little bit by thinking about alcohol.  Just one of those "oh.  Huh." moments I guess...Hope you all had a great day.  If anyone can relate I'm all ears.  :)
----------immediate responses--------

I had similiar feelings for a long time when I would pass patio bars on a sunny day. I was almost never from the beginning of sobriety triggered by where I drank the most sitting at home. That thought was just depressing. However there were almost no bad memories I could associate with beer on a sunny afternoon at a patio...It was only when I could finally get the "just don't want to drink....ever" cemented in my alky brain that I could play it forward and make one beer on a patio or anywhere as bad an idea as many at home and let go of those thoughts that it may be at all a good idea to have just one in the sun.
Yep. Making surprise dinner for a marriage milestone today (18mo) which involves shrimp and I'm mildly ashamed to say that I can't get [this horrible image](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mocLWLVgQk) out of my head. (Shrimp... and white wine!) Seriously that has got to be my least favorite Tim and Eric skit ever and it's still haunting me with its promise of a great dinner pairing. ..I'm remembering times in the past when my husband and I would use some similarly silly themed justification for drinking on a happy day and feeling... wistful? Honestly I recall that surprising him with an exuberant amount of alcohol for a celebration started feeling pretty bad quite some time ago and I knew my methods were broken even then so I don't miss that sense of being on the edge and struggling to enjoy the daily poison via whatever guise was handy. But! Shrimp and white wine! My brain is still used to thinking of alcohol in response to everything...I'm looking at 50 days tomorrow (woop!) and have no intentions of drinking nor any really strong desire to overcome. But the thoughts have definitely been there today. So yes can relate. Still I'm relieved to be able to examine these thoughts with some clarity rather than feel enslaved by them. 
I've thought that the past few Saturdays and Sundays that were perfect outside. That if I had some good craft beers the outside would be even better just sit on the patio &amp; whatnot. But today as I saw the people wandering about I didn't think it would be better with a beer because I smelled one of them and it brought back that effect one beer would have. I would get a little sweaty that little buzz would maybe kick in and because I'd like that little buzz I'd keep drinking because I wouldn't want to lose it. Except I'd eventually just drink way too much and then I'd be super sweaty and drunk and what was a good temperature is now too hot. I guess I don't think it'll make it better anymore. Thanks for posting man because it made me reflect. I'm sitting outside now and it's super nice. Thanks!
I can totally relate. I grew up at the beach so if the weather was anything but rain people were out and about drinking. I'd always get resentful looking at those young professionals around town who looked like they had it so put together. They'd be out on the patio of a restaurant splitting a bottle or three of wine. Eventually I found peace with it. The lie that adding alcohol to any given situation makes anything better has slowly dimmed over the last couple years. I just have to remind myself of how ugly life gets when I drink. The empty cans unwashed dishes the depleted checking account the bruises that I'm not sure how they got there the uncontrollable crying while sitting by myself in the house etc. etc. etc.....So glad you've gotten to the point where a tough day at work doesn't phase you. That's a huge victory :) Run with it!
Not long before I made a year sober last June I was riding down a local avenue known for its many restaurants and pubs on a beautiful spring afternoon and on every block it was Happy Hour out on the sidewalk and hundreds of people were laughing and drinking and carefree...The words "Goddamn it!" actually came out of my mouth more than a couple of times.  I actually laughed at myself after the second or third time.  I never even *went* to Happy Hour past my 20's and here I was a forty-something grousing because of all the lost opportunities.  ..After getting annoyed I got philosophical.  Every time drinking sounds doable and fun I remember that there are people who would really love to eat chocolate but for the small fact that they will go into anaphylactic  shock if they did.   Alcohol takes just a little bit longer to kill us than a severe allergy and it's so easy to forget that that's exactly what it will do if we let it.  Tricksy that demon rum...
I have a similar issue.  Lately I haven't had the urge to drink unless it is a nice day outside.  Though a nice day to me is overcast and either snowing or raining I hide inside when it's sunny and hot out :D  Most people think I am crazy but my entire family is this way.  I run at night or when it rains and I get excited to be outside when the sky is gray and I can see my breath.  Thankfully summer is coming and my trigger days will soon be gone.  Keep it up.
11th day in and it was a blast. Played on the playground with the kids ran jumped had more energy and joi de vivre than I recall having in years. Later we're shopping at a big box store and WHAMMO! I realize I am thinking about buying a bulk bottle of booze. ..It's my first thought of a drink in the 11 days since I quit. Scared the bejeebers out of me and I am still upset. Can't focus am cramming sugary things into me and sweating sitting here. ..At the end of the day I have the good times to guide me and the bad times to remind me how I got here in the first place. And good news I am mindful of a frugality trigger now and can assume more hidden triggers will show themselves down the road. Right now you couldn't pay me to drink.
I'm dreading Summer because of this. So far bright days have made me just want to go out and enjoy the sun but I'm not sure how I'll feel in Summer. So er... no advice but I do relate!
Cravings are an insidious little thing aren't they? Normally I'm fine but sometimes I'll look at my work schedule and when I see that I have 2 or 3 days off in a row my brain immediately suggests a bender. I even get a little rush. I also get the desire to "celebrate" happy moments afternoons at the beach etc. Perhaps it's because when things go badly I instinctively dig my heels in and commit to my sobriety. It's a weird thing we have. Why? Why can't I just have one drink? Dunno. I just can't.
