-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vcj2j/how_many_people_here_have_been_left_lonely_by/

After a bit of introspection I've come to realise that alcohol has negatively affected every single meaningful relationship in my life. And I mean that literally from family members to former employers and colleagues to landlords and house mates to best friends and even acquaintances. As difficult as it is for me to admit I no longer have any friends nobody I feel I can comfortably call on to hang out or talk to. Drinking has robbed me of this. I'm 26 years old and alcohol has stunted me socially mentally emotionally financially physically the list goes on and on...I'm close to one and a half months sober and I feel like I'm starting to get a sense of clarity back but it's also causing me to face some hard truths. At this point in time I'm honestly scared and I think it's the loneliness that's frightens me the most. I'm painfully shy around people to the point I will avoid situations where I know I have to interact with people I feel at this point I have zero confidence in myself and to be honest I'm quite disgusted by the person I've turned out to be...I find that I struggle the most at weekends when I know I am going to be facing a long 2 days on my own without alcohol. It's really depressing thought but it almost feels like I'm mourning the loss of alcohol like someone has died...Just wondering if anyone has any experience with loneliness and how you deal with?
----------immediate responses--------

All my friends are drinkers. I'm going to have to start from scratch and I'm not good at making friends but I know that it's important to remove relationships like that if I want to stay sober. Still the concept of losing all my friends sucks. :(
Note: I did not use AA as a primary recovery method.  I attended a handful of meetings.  I didn't use it or SMART Recovery meetings for their social aspects...That said I would think that AA would be a great way for one to connect with people.  They're sober (or trying to be).  They can relate to what you're going through.  They're probably looking for sober friends too.  If I were dealing with loneliness due to my drinking and possibly my sobriety I'd consider investing in the relationship possibilities at AA meetings...Good luck to you.
Experts say that you stop developing emotionally mentally and socially when you begin abusing alcohol (or something like that).  Also social interactions for the most part are learned behaviors.  They require practice and development...So for example if I am the type of person who has natural anxieties towards social interactions and developing friends alcohol use/abuse in my teen years can seem like the perfect antidote for that problem.  But just like with everything else with alcohol abuse what at first seems like a solution in fact exacerbates a problem.  So since I started abusing alcohol to help with my anxieties 2 things have happened:  First I have stopped or slowed my overall development emotionally and mentally which are very important to the skill of social interactions.  Second alcohol has prevented me from working on and developing important social skills that I need for relationships...The good news is that with recovery both of those things can be remedied.  One benefit of AA meetings that rarely gets discussed is it gives us alcoholics a safe place to re-learn our social skills and interactions.  People greet each other; we share intimate details with each other; we provide emotional support to each other; and the list can go on and on.  These are all great ways for us to learn (or re-learn) those social skills which most adults find attractive in people...When I first started at AA I thought it was to learn not to drink.  What I found was that it actually taught me how to thrive in the real world without ever needing (or wanting) a drink...I don't know your situation but you may find that you can benefit like I did.  Good luck!
Yes. I deal with a lot of loneliness I think everyone does in their own ways. But when I really think about it I was lonely when I was drinking heavily as well. Whether I was drinking alone or isolating myself in shame after a long binge. Sure I had friends and people I would drink with but you said it yourself that drinking has/was/is destroying every relationship in your life and it did/does the same thing to me thus ultimately leaving me feeling lonely...Being lonely in and of itself doesn't destroy relationships alone though...I guess what I am getting at is you shouldn't be so hard on yourself. Being isolated can be difficult but you are going through a difficult time. You are going to have to relearn things *including* socializing. You're also going to have to step out of your comfort zone. Do all these things at your own pace but realize without alcohol you may feel lonely but how lonely are you with it?
I never noticed how much of a loner I was until I stopped drinking...My advice would be to put yourself out there. I reached out to acquaintances old friends coworkers and family and suggested non drinking activities. It's amazing how often people will say yes when you ask if they want to go for a hike frisbee golf or w/e rather than out for a drink.
What about activities that have less direction interaction such a going to the gym an art class where the focus is not one talking initially but the task at hand?  I personally know that I will have physical anxiety in groups of over 5 or so but I still do it and I still enjoy myself after getting over myself and getting out of my head. Maybe see if they have meetups in your area like this one:  [Shyness/Social Anxiety/Adventure Group](http://www.meetup.com/Burlington-Williston-Shyness-and-Social-Anxiety/?gj=wc1d.2_c&amp;a=wc1d.2_wr2&amp;rv=wc1d.2_c). ..As other have said AA is another place to find others that are just like you. Your first 2 paragraphs could have been written by many many people there (or here for that matter). You may likely find much in common and a sense of connection there. ..What Nika says about developing is spot on. In the relative short amount of time that I have been sober I have grown more than I did during 20 years of on and off binge drinking or daily drinking. 
The realisation that I have alienated virtually everyone in my life because Im a drunk is something I really struggle to come to terms with. Ive always managed to put the blame on everyone else when things go wrong or I get in arguments with people. for me its time to face the cold hard truth that ITS ME who is causing all the problems. Unfortunately it will only get worse if you continue to drink. Im 44 and I am realising that virtually **ALL** of my problems catastrophies work issues relationship issues have either resulted from my drinking or I have tried to remove the pain of all my problems by continuing to drink. Alcoholism sucks.
I have family so my basic social interactions are met but outside family there is nothing at all...I am a member of a "hobby club" but i did never want any closer contact with the people there because i am ashamed of my drinking. You cant have people over at your house if the backyard is full of booze bottles. I think this will change once i'm confident i will not start to drink again...I did find the AA a good place for social interactions. I dont believe in any god but it turned out this aint a big problem. People there did  the same shit i did. If you feel lonely go there.  
Yeah. I'm definitely lonely. I ruined a lot of relationships with people. Pretty much every romantic endeavor for the past 5 + years I destroyed within the first few dates. I've lost friends because of either being shitty to them or embarrassing the shit out of them. Alcoholism runs in my family so even when I was drunk too my main goal was to avoid them...still is. I do participate in AA and have a good group of friends and a sponsor but I'm kind of...quiet? I never thought of myself as introverted or shy but without firewater I'm downright meek. The friends I've had since middle school that stuck around either grew up and have adult lives and families (while I was still having my steamy affair with bottom shelf liquor) or still love to get absolutely shit faced at every opportunity. ..So yeah. I have a "grown up" job a house a kid...but I feel like an adult baby. And like a complete loner. Like I totally missed the bus that my friends that aren't alcoholics hopped on and rode. ..I'm still happy with my choice though. At least I'm alive. At least I can snuggle with my 5 year old and remember it. I can afford some luxuries. I'm sure I'll become more outgoing again one day. 
The loneliness is temporary and due to a positive change being made. The longer you stay sober the more people you will find with similar interests they are out there. It's easy to feel lonely when you lose a companion like alcohol too at about 2 months I felt like I was mourning the death of a close friend. But that will all pass and life gets beautiful as we become less toxic. 
I discovered that being sober broadens the spectrum of social interactions. At one end it makes ~~~loneliness bearable~~~ being on your own valuable and on the other end makes it easier to relate to other people the vast majority of which are not alcoholics...As of now quitting is your job your mission your endeavour whatever. Keep going. In a couple of weeks you'll notice that you don't even think about it that much that you've started to move on. You'll like yourself better smile more.
I'm right there with you. 25. No friends anymore. My only friends were fellow addicts. Not a ONE of them is close to making a change in their lives... I don't know how to make new friends and no clue where I would go to do that...To hell with the booze though.. :\
I was amazed the first time I met someone who liked being alone. It wasn't all the time but at least once a week they just wanted to spend the day alone. I couldn't imagine being that comfortable with myself. I always needed to be around people or going out. Otherwise I had to sit with who I was and that wasn't a very comfortable place to be. I had to learn to get comfortable with myself and then being alone was actually OK...But not all the time... then I think of the saying "it's lonely at the top." Sobriety is unleashing my potential and creating opportunities that I couldn't have imagined. As long as I pursue those opportunities and continue to build my life the social aspects will follow but there may be some lonely times during the transition...That said being lonely when you are young is a difficult thing to accept. The trouble is that when you are a drunk there is a very thin line between being a young social drinker and being the old creepy alcoholic sitting by themselves at the end of the bar. If you've got a drinking problem and are young you might get a few more years of socializing out of drinking but the trade-off will be a whole lot of lost opportunities for your life...Finally I would suggest joining a Toastmasters Club. It is a great way to practice public speaking and socialize a bit.
Yes. It's amazing what can happen over time in sobriety. I've had a lot of friends reach out to me over time and express their happiness that I got sober. I don't hang out with any of them in a regular basis mostly due to the fact that I have a full schedule now(I decided that I was finally going to do everything I always said I was gonna do while I was drinking.)..I have friends again and I broke down into tears when I heard my dad tell me he's proud of me for more then just the sobriety. ..Early sobriety sucks dude. You feel alone and helpless. Stick with it. I know everyone in AA says a million clich s but a lot of them are true. I'm experiencing the gifts of sobriety that they talk about. You will too if you are painstaking in your sobriety. 
[AA](http://www.aa.org/)..I was terrified to go in public. I was isolated to the point that if I came downstairs my wife and kids would look at me and ask "What are you doing down here?"..I had no friends...My family was falling apart...I wanted to die. I planned it out. I mean all the pleasure of living was gone the party was over this was just not working out....I gave AA a try it seems to be working.
Your not alone im 27 and have found the exact same shit. Its a rebuild for sure but just think o the opportunities you are now afforded. Also have you tried to reconnect with any old friends. I was never good at relationships because i had one big time consuming love/ hate one it was with alcohol. Message me if you'd like and we could keep in Touch on our situations! It'd be nice to talk through with someone in a similar position
I'll be your friend!  I have come to realize this as well I do socialize with co-workers but none of them have the same interest as me or they have families.  I go get my socializing done at work then go home and work-out cook dinner and play a game or watch tv and go to bed at a sensible hour.
