-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vfckh/what_are_some_good_resources_for_spouses_of/

I am really struggling to quit.  Last night I drove to a place and drank two beers on the way and 4 more before going in.  Then I drank a beer on the way home and proceeded to blackout before waking up at 2 am slouched over at my desk with 8 beers in front of me.    I poured my heart out to my wife in a text this morning.  .."Honey.  I love you.  And I need you now more than ever.  I have a problem and I can't beat it on my own.  I know it's destroying our marriage and affecting my ability to be the best father I can be.   But it has its grip an me and I can't fight it alone.  I know I'm asking a lot of you and you already bear so much of the burden in our marriage.  But I want that to change I really do.  I need you to be there for me even when I slip and give in.  I need you to help me up.  Comfort me encourage me love me and help me fight.   I love you more than you know and I am going to show it going forward.  I just need help getting there.   Please don't let me fall off the ledge."..She replied to that by saying she wants to help but it's extremely hard on her too.  And that she doesn't know how to help me.  And at that moment it occurred to me that I really don't know outside of the love and encouragement I asked for what she can do for me.  There have to be techniques or helpful guides out there for spouses.   Please help me.  
----------immediate responses--------

Please see /r/Alanon. It is a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. Meetings are almost everywhere. 
I second the suggestion of alanon - at its core keeping the focus on yourself is critical for their recovery...I myself have benefited greatly from Alanon as an adjunct to my AA program.
Welcome...I had a very similar conversation with my fianc  at the end of 2014.  For me it was very important to recognize that my partner was hurting from all of the selfish secret drinking that I had done - taking advantage of his trust.  He told me this but I already knew that I would have to work hard to win back that trust...I don't know of any guides or techniques but you and your wife may want to look into AlAnon which provides resources for spouses and families of those affected by alcoholism.  My partner has attended and found it helpful in the past.  Since fall 2014 we have also attended a few joint counseling sessions.  I would recommend that if you and your wife find it difficult to talk about your drinking and sobriety face to face as the therapist can guide you both in communicating positively and effectively with each other.
