-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vj4ya/just_noticed_my_flair/

My first thought was "No way. Really?"..A lot has changed in a year. It's strange to think that it's been so long since my last drink. Seeing as I have other addiction issues I can't say my life has been 100% clean and sober but I haven't touched a drop since my last short relapse. A lot of that time was spent in the rooms and in groups but most of it wasn't. I lost touch with my friends from the programs...A big part of my sober time is thanks to becoming pregnant. I am 7 months along. I've spent the last 6 years thinking I couldn't have children and then this little miracle happened and changed my whole life. I've been off of my DOC for those entire 7 months and I'm looking forward to celebrating a year of complete sobriety (If I remember heh.)..I still check this sub regularly and still get bursts of encouragement and stabs of harsh reminders of what once was and could easily be again. So thank you for being there guys. ..Have another good 24.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Anniversary!  You are a DINO check your inbox in about 2 minutes.
This is great news. Congratulations on well everything!
High five!
You get to wear your "Sober 1 Year" flair on your outfit at work today ;)
**High^FIVE!** for 365!
FAAAABULOS
hooray! life is sounding pretty good you. 
Congratulations!!! 
Congrats on all fronts a truly inspiring read.
Congratulations! (On a lot of different things.)
Very good of you to check in. Good news is always so inspiring. You're gonna be a great mom if that's what you want to do.
1 year is nothing to scoff at. great work!
Congrats!!!! :)
congrats
Congrats!
Gratz!
Congratulations Missy! :) Being sober and present I'm pretty sure you're going to become a wonderful mom for that little one!
Congratulations!  
Congrats on a year!.I didn't think I could have kids either.  Now I'm at 11 weeks :)
Congrats and thank you for putting a nice normal title on this post. 
Awesome
