-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vjie2/if_you_think_sharing_your_struggles_here_is_going/

then you are probably right. This group has pulled me back from caving in more than once. ..But you should also know that sharing your pain helps the helpers as well. Forgetting why we got sober can lead to overconfidence. Reading fresh accounts of alcohol's destruction helps us all to remember where we came from and how beautiful life is without the poison...So thank you to everyone who posts in our little community here. No matter how long our sobriety we are all part of the mass experience that makes this place work. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're welcome! ;) ..And thanks to YOU as well!
&gt;we are all part of the mass experience that makes this place work...It's nothing short of amazing.
So true. Today I thought maybe I'm spending too much time here and  using it as a way of procrastinating. Then I remembered it's early days life is good right now but in the last few weeks I have heard of deaths of people I know what about when it's someone I am really close to? will my first thought be to have a drink? So yes keep posting keep reading. I appreciate you all.
It helps me from taking freedom from alcohol for granted that's for sure. It's easy to forget how awful it was and how tough things were at first.
You are absolutely right!.I joined this sub somewhat recently after years sober. It is easy to get complacent after being sober a long period of time and let old thought patterns start creeping in. Posting here and reading other peoples stories is helpful to people at all stages of sobriety.
It's certainly better than blowing the lid off with a shotgun
i agree. thank you i have been reading this subreddit for days now it is nothing short of an inspiration!!
I'm having a really tough week.  I had stopped coming to this sub when things were easy but I've been here every day this week...I'm so glad you guys exist.
Thank you to everyone who posts here. I had a major close call last night but the support I've found here helped me get through it.
As my sponsor always says... "You get to keep it when you give it back" thanks for the share :)
&gt;Forgetting why we got sober can lead to overconfidence. ..This jumped out at me. A good friend of mine has been clean off drugs for 21 years now. He always says "I never forgot the pain and destruction that led me here." Or usually some variation of that. I find it very powerful and a great reminder as my final days were pretty horrible.
Excellent post.
This group has totally saved me from caving in and grabbing that bottle of wine. Thank you for this message. It's so true!
Thanks Doc! 
