-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vkex2/how_would_you_feel/

My SO went out with coworkers last night to celebrate a great accomplishment of hers. After my work day I joined. Margaritas were flowing words started to become slurred and I decided it was time to call it a night. SO was gracious about leaving (I feel fortunate she doesn't put up a fight no matter how much alcohol) and as soon as we got to the car it began:.."Did I make a fool out of myself?"."Did I do anything embarrassing?"."I'm too drunk I don't want to be this drunk."."Are you sure I don't have anything to worry about?"..On and on. I'm happy to reassure her but as many have experienced it is tough to reason with a drunk person...Cut to climbing into bed and it's still going. She asks:.."Just...are you sure I shouldn't worry about anything I said? How would you feel if you were me going into work tomorrow?"..HA. How would I feel? I explained that it's not the same it's different for me and that I can't answer that. After more pressing I explained that I'd feel like shit because I've spent the past year actively NOT drinking. I'd feel awful because I am an alcoholic and I would have drank. I wouldn't go to work the next day because I wouldn't make it out of my dark bedroom. I'd wallow in shame guilt embarrassment failure self-loathing. I'd be in chaos. I'd want to die...Shortly thereafter the lights were off and we slept...This isn't intended as a "woe is me" post but rather a "hey that was weird" musing. Her question really made me think in a way I hadn't since being sober. I've thought and talked about relapse (with a therapist) put in place a series of actions that will take place if I drink again informed people that I will be getting in touch with them if I lapse etc. But I hadn't really thought about how I'd feel how devastated I might be.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post and you are a great partner to her.  Feel free to tell her I said so... :)
This is a great post. Thanks for sharing.
I'm only just over a month past my relapse. You are spot on I felt all those guilty feelings the shame etc. I could have sunk further into my own misery but thankfully I logged into SD and the community as always was there to catch me and get me over the wall I keep building for myself. This is exactly what I should always always be mindful of. How exactly would I feel if I relapsed again. .I never want to feel like that again. Thanks for this : )
&gt;I wouldn't go to work the next day because I wouldn't make it out of my dark bedroom. I'd wallow in shame guilt embarrassment failure self-loathing. I'd be in chaos. I'd want to die...Spot on. That is exactly how I would feel too. Relapse is not a requirement!
