-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vknzq/does_the_anxiety_go_away_when_and_how/

I'm on day number three. I previously quit for a week but relapsed due to a vicious bout of anxiety. Now I'm feeling anxious again. I realize that the alcohol may actually be making things worse. Who here has experience with anxiety? Does it go away? When? (Look at my post history for a little back story.)
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol makes it ten times worse. Support and any type of exercise/eating is what works for me. Eating is a big one. Watch your anxiety drop. Same goes for exercise. Supporters are big too. I'm Still fighting it too but those 3 things help a lot. 
I never had anxiety before my drinking got out of hand but during my heavy drinking days I had tremendous anxiety.  After I quit the worst of it was gone after about a week the vast majority was gone by about two weeks and since then I've only rarely had any bouts of anxiety which I can usually get under control very quickly. 
I used some clonazepam to help get off alcohol and keep my anxiety at a not-too-terrible level. It was a HUGE help. Benzos do have some risk of addiction but they are way better than alcohol -- they don't pour poison on your organs! Many people will see a doc and get a script for a benzo (often clonazepam or librium) to help with the anxiety. However you may later experience anxiety when you go off those especially if you do it too fast (essentially the benzos postpone that withdrawal symptom until you are in a better place to deal with it). Following doctor's orders not using more than prescribed and tapering off should keep you in the safe zone and may really increase you chances of successfully quitting the booze. Good luck!
Anxiety has played a huge role in my life. During my final year of drinking I began having panic attacks. Psychiatrist prescribed an SSRI (Lexapro) and it worked like a charm after a few weeks. No more panic attacks = no more fear of panic attacks...Then I quit drinking and even though I stayed on my meds new anxieties arose. This I was told is very common. I learned and practiced (often) various mindfulness exercises. They were very helpful in bringing me "back down" when anxieties began to rise...Staying on the Lexapro as normal the new non-drinking anxiety followed a pattern that /u/seriousboozebag outlined. Better after a week moreso after two and pretty steady cool since then.
