-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vqtay/640_days_i_want_you_to_know_it_gets_better/

There's a saying in boot camp. "It gets better". That comes from the trainees that are a few weeks in front of you. When people say that to you while you're in the midst of boot camp it means nothing. You kinda don't really care... because it sucks NOW. NOW is terrible and it's hard almost impossible to look ahead... until you're there. And you want to let the other guys know that in fact it does get better. Yes it's easier to preach from the top but it's important to remember that you WILL get there. And you WILL have the urge to let others know. It's in our nature (contrary to popular belief) that we want to help others. We feel good about it. You have the choice to drink we all do. There is nothing stopping us from indulging throwing away our convictions and sinking back into the comforting grave of a bottle. We could crawl up in there and make it all go away for a short time. But we won't. We won't do that. We are the empowered. We love our sons our daughters our families. People may think "that sub is full of shitty people who can't control themselves". Nothing is further than the truth. When I see people post here I see the best in people. The love we share with our families and each other is strong. Those bonds may be shaken torn perforated right now but we are ready to rebuild them. People come here because they want to better themselves. I will never forget the moment my mother looked me in the eyes at my one year and told me "I'm so proud of you". She was saying to me "I'm so proud you overcame the plague that runs in our family's blood". At that moment all the nights I didn't go out with friends the club nights missed the "sweet stories" I didn't get to be a part of none of them mattered. That feeling the high I felt like I was standing on a mountain. I want you to know that if you are struggling it is worth it entirely. I've still gone out with my friends to bars and clubs for bachelor parties and the like I just didn't drink. I had a great time and my friends understood. Try it for yourself if you're worried. Nobody turns down a DD and you can still be just as social. Try it. We will be better parents some day better husbands/wives etc. etc. Sobriety delivers everything alcohol promised. One day at a time aim small miss small whatever saying or quote you need to mold into a mantra do it. I wish I could share the feeling of freedom that sobriety brings. All the nights of sweating and anxiety and gut wrenching shittiness that exists in the first few days/weeks will fade. The negativity will subside and it will be replaced with something better. I promise you it gets better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes!! I needed this!! Ty ty ty!
Thank you for this. It means a lot to me to hear this. 
True this! Thanks for passing it alone. It's so worth it and it's great to be reminded. :)
Thank you!   It is great to hear that.  ..&gt;Sobriety delivers everything alcohol promised...So true.  Alcohol promised me a great social life and then delivered me ten years of drinking at home alone.   Now that I'm sober I'm regaining a social life...This is just one of a dozen examples.  Fuck that stuff.
Wow! Thank you for this 
[deleted]
Navy veteran checking in. It never *actually* got better. You just got used to it. :)
No one on the planet thinks this sub is full of "shitty people who can't control themselves." ..Speak from the I not from the "we."
