-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vuczl/feeling_kind_of_crazy_the_last_few_days/

My ex-girlfriend and I had tried to stay friends since we broke up a couple months ago and it had gone relatively well. She and I were best friends before we dated and though she has her own issues with alcohol (nowhere near what mine were) she was incredibly supportive of my sobriety. She helped me so much especially in those first few weeks. Breaking up was surprisingly smooth and I was impressed with my level of maturity. ..Now she has started dating again and not just a random dude but a friend of ours who I used to do a lot of drinking with. A really popular guy in the craft beer community in town and also my former weed dealer. It has just resonated so hard with me that she is now with a guy whose life basically revolves around intoxicants and having a robust social life. I'm just so jealous. I've been working so hard on trying to just focus on myself and being above resentment and jealousy but I've been struggling mightily these past few days. ..I can't be around my ex now because I'm so jealous and negative. I'll be mature for a little bit then send an annoying text which I'll instantly regret. I guess I am just posting because I feel so damn crazy. I can't stop thinking about the situation and I'm having trouble not focusing on it. Knowing that our friendship has to end (for both of our sakes) is more devastating than our romantic relationship ending. Ironically she is exactly the person who would have been there to comfort me in this situation in the past. Instead she's sucking the saison out of Johnny Craftbeer's predictable beard. Goddammit!!!..I've done so well so far in sobriety. I've gotten in excellent shape I've banked thousands of dollars I'm active on AA I'm meditating and praying every day reading training for a marathon etc. I have a lot to be grateful for. This only makes me more frustrated that I can't just be happy with what I have. I have been crying a lot the last three days and have had to beat back so many thoughts of 'fuck it. Get drunk. One night.' I haven't and won't but it's a voice that I haven't heard in a while. ..The good news is I have reached out to my sponsor my family and my close friends. This is the first break up that I am dealing with sober so I am learning a lot of life lessons that I have drank away in the past. With all the AA and reading about mindfulness I'm having trouble being easy on myself. It's like I'm holding myself to the standard of an enlightened monk sitting under a tree with an olive leaf in one hand and a big book in the other. And my thoughts really are just 'fuck my ex. Fuck that dude she's seeing.' Anger hurt and jealousy. I'm doing my best but man is it hard. I guess I just needed to share that I'm a little crazy but I think think that's okay. Sorry for the convoluted nature of this. I'm a real mess right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really glad you posted all of this. It's so good to read such honesty. It also helps me feel less alone about all of my own emotions. ..It sounds like you're working a recovery plan and making use of all of your tools which is awesome. It also sounds like you know that drinking won't make any of this shit better - and you're right of course. :) I don't have a lot of advice bc it honestly sounds like you're doing all the right things including feeling your feelings.  I wish I had something more insightful to say but I dont. You mentioned AA so I feel like I can use a slogan with you and that's "it sounds like you're exactly where you're supposed to be."..Again thanks so much for sharing. I hope you get through this rough spot quickly. 
You're angry you're hurt you're jealous. It really sucks to feel that way but knowing how and why you're feeling is helpful. You're focused on specific things--your ex her current. Can you change those specific things? Doesn't sound like it so you have to learn to accept it. You will with time. Knowing that doesn't help the immediate feelings does it?..There's a section from Kabat-Zinn's "Wherever You Go" that really resonated with me. The mind is a lake sometimes smooth and calm sometimes whipped to a frenzy by storms. Mindfulness is learning to watch the lake and the weather not covering it in a sheet of glass. So hang out under the tree but know that the anger will pass some day and it doesn't have to [be boring](http://www.hermetica.info/hanshan.htm).
Sorry you're going through this. As I just posted to someone else...Feels can be really feely. It sounds like you are having to deal with the loss of your relationship for the first time (since you remained close after splitting). In a way this is a blessing as you have more sober time knowledge and experience under your belt now and hopefully more tools to get you through. ..When I've gone through major emotional hurdles in the past and start to obsess about things I have no control over I use the serenity prayer as sort of a type of guiding meditation.  Whenever those thoughts start jumbling up in my head and overwhelming me I take a breath and say *Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference.*  If they start playing up there again I repeat. However many times it's needed. It really helps me to focus on the fact that I have no control over other people. I only have control over my own thoughts and actions and I start showing myself that by not letting myself obsess over things/people I cannot control/change...Keep using those tools and you'll make it through. Learning to let go is hard but it's part of our growth. ..
