-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vv1z2/met_someone_i_thought_who_would_be_my_sponsor_but/

So first of i love AA. I love the fellowship and the powers of the meetings are incredible to me. So last night i met up with a girl who i thought would be my sponsor but she said alot of things that went against everything i believe. So first of she asked me what i thought and alcoholic was and i told her someone that drinks every night (regardless if it was ome or ten)! She said no she said someone came to her who drank two bottles of wine every night and she asked her if she could stop and she said yes so she wasnt an alcoholoc. If you ask me and i could be wrong here but every alcoholic lies and drinking wine every night?! Im pretty sure thats a definate symptom. And second she told me people would go nuts or end up drinking again if they didnt do the steps. That meetings are just for relief which i think is bullshit! Meetings give me relief yes but they also give me mental tools to deal with things. She also said that she went to meetings to find the new comer and take them under her wing and not for herself at all. As in she didnt need the meetings! which i thought was very cult like. I know people might disagree with me but alot of theese points are against what i believe and do. When i go to meetings i dont make it all about me either but i go for me however i talk to people that are struggling to let them.know theyre not alone which is how i try give give back. Id love expierance peoples view on this.....also if i was in her situation i wouldnt say i dont give a shit if you do the steps or not. 
----------immediate responses--------

Actually it sounds like your potential sponsor gets what aa is all about.  The suggested program of recovery of aa is the 12 steps.  While it is true that everyone should do what works for them to stay sober which may or may not involve the twelve steps that doesn't change the fact that aa's suggested course of action to recover is the 12 steps.  It is therefore natural that a sponsor will try to walk a newcomer through the steps.  If you just want to go to meetings and aren't interested in the steps that's fine but I wish I could find someone like your potential sponsor because I think it sounds like she gets it...The whole point of the twelve steps is to learn to be less self-centered and more helpful to others.  Release from the bondage of self.  The 12th step is an action: going out and helping other alcoholics get sober and in so doing keeping oneself sober.  That's precisely what your potential sponsor was talking about when she said she went to meetings to help newcomers and not for herself.  Of course she is there to stay sober but she stays sober by helping other alcoholics.
Sounds to me you don't want to work the program of recovery that is AA.  Sounds like you want to do things your way.  That is fine but may I ask you 2 questions?.. - why do you even want a sponsor?.. - how has your way been working for you the last few years?
&gt; She also said that she went to meetings to find the new comer and take them under her wing and not for herself at all. ..That kind of rubbed me the wrong way. The whole "taking them under her wing" part sounds like she believes that she is somehow "cured". Not very humble.  My sponsor told me once that helping me helps her stay sober...Of course I could be taking this all wrong. It's hard to know whether or not the lady you were talking to really meant it this way from reading a post on the internet. If you feel like she is not a good match just go and ask someone else to sponsor you.
The beauty of the AA program is that it evolves for the individual as time goes on. She sounds like she is very focused on Step 12 right now. Nothing wrong with that we can only keep what we have by giving it away. I think the phrase that comes to mind after reading your post is..When the student is ready the teacher will appear.
I wouldn't worry about it too much. Some people don't click.  If you like the meetings and they are helping you keep attending.  You'll find the right person eventually.
"Alcoholic" is an adjective not a noun..The DSM classifies the disorder in two ways..1.Alcohol abuse..2. Alcohol dependence...Arguments about what is an alcoholic are usually circular and unproductive...I wouldn't let this wanna be sponsor upset you too much. But even more importantly never forget that she is caught up in a belief system(AA) so never let your guard down on that. It is a slippery slope. AA preaches that if you don't "work it" you will surely die drunk in a gutter. This is absolutely toxic and also not true at all...Good luck!
I like your post and your questions because it's making me think of my experience with AA so far.  I also really enjoy the meetings and have wondered if I actually "need" to do the steps.  I'm pretty damn confident in my sobriety as is so I don't feel I need them.  HOWEVER  I am curious enough to give them a go.  I didn't think I needed AA for many years and for that reason I continued to drink myself into oblivion when a solution was available the whole time.  I'm of the opinion right now that I'll just keep doing what they tell me to do and see where it takes me.  Now that I'm starting step work I'm really enjoying it and finding myself wishing that everyone even non-alcoholics could do it because it really does offer a great amount of insight into who we are and why we do what we do etc...I've never really gotten into the types of conversations with my sponsor that you did because I have a feeling she would have similar answers to your potential sponsor and I just want to avoid confrontation or discomfort between us.  I don't know if this is really a good thing or not....I am taking AA with a grain of salt.  There are so many good things about AA but its undeniable that it's a program run by sick people trying to help other sick people get better.  If you want to find the cult-like aspects they're there.  But I stopped caring about those little things because the program is WORKING for me better than I ever dreamed of so I'm not going to worry about the little things for now...I think everyone goes through phases with AA where they get annoyed with some aspects of the program or some people in the program.  The last thing I want is to get so annoyed that I stop going.  So this is why I just let people say things I don't necessarily agree with.  I just take what works for me and leave the rest alone...I don't know if this actually answered any of your questions.  I suppose my advice would be to do whatever works for you whether or not that involves the steps but keep an open mind so that you are able to continue going to AA and enjoying it.
AA is a 12 step program... the steps *are* the program. The purpose of the meetings is to carry the message (the 12th step). The mental tools you get from meetings come from people who are sharing what they learned from working the steps. We do need the meetings but if we're just going to meetings and not working the steps we aren't actually working the program. The whole point of having a sponsor is having someone to guide you through the steps. If you aren't going to work the steps then you probably don't need a sponsor. I mean you wouldn't go to a psychiatrist and be surprised when they prescribed medication right?..Anyway I don't want to get preachy about it it's your recovery you can work it however you want I'm just offering another perspective. 
