-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vvhnl/almost_4_weeks_and_checking_in/

I feel really great these days for the most part but I am really struggling with what a complete asshole I was when I drank.  My SO (and mother of my twin 4 yr olds) told me that the last time I drank was the final straw that broke the camel's back.  She has always taken me back in the past and I'm starting to realize that she might be serious this time.  We all live together and I'm planning to move out on my own in a couple months.  I don't want to do this but I understand that I've been a complete asshat for our entire relationship.  We've been together for the better part of a decade (half with kids) and I have been a drinker for my entire adult life.  I finally read Allen Carr's book and it really has been a life changer.  I don't crave alcohol or feel like I'm left out of anything because I choose not to poison myself.  I've ALWAYS put alcohol on a pedestal.  I was watching BoyHood last night by myself (she sleeps in different room and went to bed with sleeping aid because it's too hard to hang out with me now that we are broken up) and there is this alcoholic husband and he's a complete asshat.  I slowly realized that I was probably this guy for the most part (never got physical thank God).  Sarcastic condescending mean dismissive domineering etc.  In my head at the time I never thought I was any of that!  I thought I was a firm logical reasonable father/SO.  The veil is finally being pulled back and I definitely don't like the realization that I wasn't such a great/even mediocre father/SO.  Usually I'd hide in a box of wine (or 2 who am I kidding) for the weekend and have all these problems/emotions 10-fold at the beginning of next week. I am dealing with these things now which is great but tough.  I also want things to work out with my SO and to show her that I think and act differently now that I'm no longer pulled down by this aweful drug but it is proving almost impossible to show this to her.  I am afraid that all of the damage that I've done while drinking may have broken up this family for good.  My emotions are definitely all over the place sometimes but exercising has been a great help.  I walk during breaks at work and at lunch and also after work with the kids.  Sorry for the long rant but just wanted to write to you guys.  This sub really has been a life-changer for me.  I had tried willpower and the occasional AA meeting in the past but it has been the instant access to this and reading Allen Carr's book that has opened my eyes to a life without drink.  Thanks and join me today in not drinking!..TL;DR - I'm happy to be sober.  It's a sobering reality that I've been an ass to family...    
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 27 days!  Keep moving forward!
Maybe the marriage won't work out but at least you can now be a clear headed present father.
Congrats for 28 days. Have you seen the movie by the same name? The movie shows how alcoholism affects a marriage. ..What helped me with guilt and shame was going to AA meetings and working the steps with a sponsor. Accepting what your wife says without being defensive is one of the ways trust can be regained. Some marriages don't survive but the best and only thing to do is stay sober one day at a time. A therapist was another tool that gave me insight and perspective. Thanks for posting.
