-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vvq2y/5_months150_days/

Wow! It went by so fast and yet it seems like forever ago when I quit. I've had some moments when I felt weak but stayed focused on "I will not drink today" and that helped me keep things in manageable bite-sized pieces. I even had a dream where I was going to drink but didn't want to reset my SD badge so I didn't. Having this thread to give and receive support has been a huge help in my sobriety so thank you for your support...I am humbled by hearing the stories others have shared about the difficulties they have faced and the depth of their alcohol problems. There are some folks out there fighting some truly heroic battles with no support at home...I am thankful to the people who spend so much time welcoming the newcomers and posting the baby steps. It is an act of kindness that ripples through countless lives - doing good that they will never see. Thank you all for the noble and charitable work that you do...Here are the things that I have learned at SD:..1. People who don't have drinking problems don't wonder if they have a drinking problem...2. No one ever regretted not drinking...3. Quit things in the order they're going to kill you. (Currently struggling with refined sugar as a nasty candy habit has replaced alcohol for me. Damn you Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate and Caramel with Sea Salt!)..4. You can't quit for any reason other than wanting it for you. This goes hand in hand with setting new patterns for yourself. If you came home every night plopped down in front of the TV and got drunk watching "Happy Days" reruns you're going to have to change all of that. You can't get sober with drunk habits so goodbye "Happy Days" reruns and plopping down in front of the TV at the same time every night...5. Take it one day at a time. There is no point in worrying about making through Wednesday when you haven't even made it through Tuesday. Those cravings pass quickly and as tough as they can be it feels amazing every time you stay strong and defeat them. It's a series of small smart choices that add up to big successes...Happy Valentine's Day SD. Will you be my sober Valentine?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Damn you Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate and Caramel with Sea Salt!  ..Hey I read on the internet (and the internet is never wrong!) that dark chocolate is [healthy](http://www.webmd.com/diet/health-by-chocolate).  :)  Congrats on the 150 days!
I'm yours &lt;3! Congratulations on an amazing 5 months!
Congratulations! Well done!
Ahhh what a nice even number. CONGRATULATIONS!!..The sugar thing goes away with time. Mmmm chocolate and caramel.. okay well maybe it more diminishes.
