-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vy4mt/it_ends_now/

    I posted here for the first time awhile ago. I'm in the Navy and got in quite a bit of shit for showing up to an alcohol screening (that I wasn't aware of until the morning of) with a positive BAC. I'm only 20 years old and this is a big no go in the Military. That happened mid October of 2014. ..   I spent this past New Years alone like I do most holidays because I don't have any family or friends out here in San Diego. So I spent the night being depressed drinking by myself and watching some stupid shows all night. I fell asleep before setting my alarm. Well I had duty January 1st and I was suppose robe on the ship an at turnover by 0645. I got to the ship at 0800. First thing they did was check my BAC. I blew a 0.04 and had to sit in an office until I hit 0.00 to make statement and sign papers for underage drinking and being UA. ..   I knew I was done. I had the worst anxiety and it was the worst feeling I've ever experienced. I had SOC the next day which is basically getting yelled at harassed and called a liar by dozens of chiefs in one room. That was rough and I knew I'd being going to Captains Mast very soon to hear my punishment. ..   The terrible alcoholic I am dealt with the anxiety and depression from the incident by yes... Drinking again and again and again till only a week and 2 days after the previous incident I had another incident almost identical to the last. I had XO mast soon after and CO mast the day after that. ..   At Captains Mast I had 4 people in my division representing me. After the Captain asked me his final questions he asked my division reps how they felt about me. My GM1 (I'm a Gunners Mate as well) had nothing but positive things to say about me and it have me hope about what the CO's decision would be. But next came my Chief. He said nothing but negatives that no one else sees in me and told the CO to separate me. Next was my Divisional Officer how is super cool and me and him had a heart to heart the night prior about my problem and how he was going to do everything he could to keep me in and get me help. He did the same fucking thing as my chief. I felt betrayed. I got that sting in my throat when you hold back tears. I felt hopeless. Then WEPS tagged along on the kick him out train. ..   The Captain looked at me with his stone cold blue/grey eyes and said.."GMSN I'm going to give you to following punishment. 35 days restriction and 35 days extra duty. If you get in trouble in any form between now and the next 6 months I'm busting your rank down."..When he said that last part I felt so relieved. Yes I thought I'm not getting separated thank the Lord. Then the Captain proceeded...."I'm also going to administratively separate you. Do you understand what that means?"."Yes sir."."Okay that's all I have. You're dismissed"..The Duty MA by my side ordered me to cover salute and fall out. ..The moment I walked around the corner and out of sight on the bridge I threw my cover at the wall. Stepped outside griping the rails as hard as I could. I had so much going on in my head I had no thoughts no emotions I felt like nothing. ..That is how I still feel. As I sit here at 2100 resting up against my MK45 MOD4 which I'm so proud of. I love this gun (her name is Kandi). I love my job. I love making family and friends back home proud of me. I haven't told anyone besides my parents that I'm getting separated. It's the worst feeling ever. I have 20 days left without leaving the ship and I have a feeling they're going to send me to some alcohol inpatient course before they separate me. ..All of this because of drinking. It's not worth the pain the struggle and the loss. Alcohol is nothing but a drink that can ruin anything and everything in a matter of seconds...I won't have a single drop of alcohol for the rest of my days here on Earth and my advice to you my friends is to stop drinking...TLDR: 20 years old. Dealt with problems using alcohol. Got in big trouble for it with the Military and I'm now getting separated for it. Huge loses no gains....
----------immediate responses--------

Hey RyHe11 and welcome. Your situation right now sounds rough sorry to hear about it. At least you have a vision of a sober life going though and that sounds pretty good to me. One little thing you might see as a common theme around this sub is: take this one day at a time. I hope you will hang around here. Lot of good people around here. Good luck :)
Can you explain what "separated" means in this context?  I am unfamiliar with military jargon.
&gt; I have 20 days left without leaving the ship and I have a feeling they're going to send me to some alcohol inpatient course before they separate me...This sounds like a good thing to me. If they don't send you on it would you ask to go on it?
I'm sorry to see the situation you're in stemming from alcohol.  Showing up for military duty while under the influence (and getting caught twice) is definitely not good.  Unfortunately what's done is done and you can only move forward.  What I wanted to comment on is this:..&gt;I have 20 days left without leaving the ship and I have a feeling they're going to send me to some alcohol inpatient course before they separate me...I know it's easy to see this negatively but I hope they do send you to some type of "alcohol education" or care.  The military does care about you.  And I think it's awesome if they make you see a professional prior to separating you for advice/education about your drinking...Take it one day at a time man.
Hey there welcome to SD. This sounds like a really rough experience. I know chain of command systems can be damagingly impersonal especially when hierarchy wins over heart to heart talks with people you respect. I want to remind you that you do have someone you can count on - its you. The love and respect you need most right now comes from you. You deserve to be good to your body and your mind. Get that help whether it is forced on you or not - it is a great act of kindness to help yourself...Best wishes..
