-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w4c49/6_weeks_in_and_struggling_to_control_anger/

Now that i have gone over a month without a drink my heads started to clear up. However a lot more things have started to irritate me and get on my nerves which when i was drinking i would have either dismissed or just had a drink and forgot about...Seeing as that is not an option anymore i have had all this extra anger building up inside me which has resulted in a me losing my temper with quite a few people this past week...Now i understand these things happen but they've been becoming more frequent so I'm wondering how do you guys handle it? .Has anyone else had problems controlling their  temper now that their sober? Any advice on how to not let things irritate me or to stop the anger from building up?
----------immediate responses--------

Everybody has issues that irritate and anger them.  Most people however learn coping skills without relying upon self medication...It sounds like in your own words you have used alcohol as a way to deal with anger and more often than not suppress the issues.  Now that you are not drinking you have no healthy mature skills to use...Instead of focusing on the lack of alcohol it might be a better use of your time to educate yourself on responsible adult coping skills and try to teach them to yourself.  I had to do the same thing but I was lucky in that I had a group from which to learn these things...Good luck.
Try to eat enough sugar alcohol is loaded with it it may be that your body wants it and you could be experiencing those feelings because you've cut yourself from a regular supply of it.
When stopping drinking helped my inner asshole shine I worked on my real life. For me that meant some counseling journaling making greater efforts to listen. Mostly I had to learn how not to be right. Still working on that but it was instructive to be able to think: OK does this matter? Or can I choose to focus on what matters to me?..I still get pissed off (I have sassy teens) but I *think* less often and more often I think beyond the immediate. Took time though. 
For anger and irritation I have been talking. Talking about my feelings. I found that was good but I needed something more so when something upsetting happens now I try to get a moment to myself right away and I write down what just happened. I found you really have to do the work of finding new ways to cope.
&gt; has resulted in a me losing my temper with quite a few people this past week. Now i understand these things happen..lol wat?  That is in no way a standard or expected course of events. That does not just happen.  Normal people do not blow up.   ..Exercise. Anger management classes.  Therapy.  ..Exercise can work wonders. Give it a shot. 
Thank you for this post. You're the reason I didn't drink today because I'll tell you I had made up my mind to do so. It was a grade A day of frustration and after a 2 beer decision on Saturday it was all that much easier to choose it again. ..Catching your post reminded me that all this crap that was derailing me today was no ones fault. I didn't need to be a bitch even if I felt like being one.  Normally most stuff will roll off my back once I start drinking but just making myself chill out after reading your post got me to thinking about the rest of the night and not drinking and how to handle the rest of the pissy little crap I knew I still had to face down and how the night would actually progress if I *did* drink. Needless to say it was a cascade of thoughts that brought me around to "I can make it through tonight" at least.  ..That may not help with your original question but you brought me through so thank you. ..Edit: oh! And this! This is one of my primary anger management tools https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0la5DBtOVNI
I work a pretty stressful job that requires me to work with a team at all times.  My fuse is short to begin with.  But having endless opportunities to get frustrated and still have to function as a member of a team has helped me learn how to deal...I am a backwards counter.  When someone says or does something that starts to bend me out of shape I immediately stop everything and slowly countdown from 5 in my head taking a huge deep breath with every number.  My face goes numb and feels hot when I get really pissed off and doing this really helps.  ..When you are mad your body goes into fight or flight mode. Just getting a lot of oxygen in your body will help you relax.  And you can pause for that moment instead of alienating people with an outburst. 
Like offtherocks says exercise does wonders. :) 
