-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w6u83/week_one_complete_gradually_trying_out_situations/

thanks for the sub and thanks for referencing the Allen Carr book on the sidebar.  As I've mentioned in prior posts been a maintenance drinker for 30+ years.  Tried quitting many times but always struggled because deep down I didn't want to quit I felt like I needed to quit.  ..This is the first time I've ever felt like I wanted to quit.  That I see the benefits of quitting as vastly outweighing the "benefits" of drinking which I now realize are zero.  Why it took me 30 years to realize this who knows.  But so far so good.  ..Hung out with the wife while she had a couple of glasses of wine no problem.  Hung out with some friends who were all drinking wine and beer.  No problem.  Never even occurred to me to want one.  No gnashing of the teeth no white knuckled "I'd be so much happier if I just gave in and had one".  Instead right now I have absolutely no desire to drink.  It's bizzarre to me.  Hopefully it'll last.  ..wish me luck as I start off on week 2!...Edit: one funny thing.  Last night I had my first drinking dream.  Had heard about them but never had one until last night.  Dreamt I went to a bar and forgot I had quit.  Dreamt I had a couple of beers and then remembered I'd quit and was pissed because I'd have to reset my badge.  Wasn't like I dreamt I got hammerred just dreamt I forgot and had a beer.  Woke up and realized it was just a dream.  Whew!. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this man.  
&gt;Gradually trying out situations that could tempt me and no problems so far.....Congratulations on your week.  As a 30+ year maintenance drinker intentionally trying out tempting situations in your first week is pretty reckless approach.  Or at least that is what I have learned through my own experiences the experiences of other alcoholics and experts in the field...I am not sure what the process proves.  In any event I hope you continue your journey successfully.
Part of my sobriety is exercising self control and not putting myself in "tests" and tempting situations. I'm not sure what you're trying to prove. I've found that sobriety is more than just willpower. It's setting boundaries and taking control of my life. Looking back I probably wouldn't have 633 days if I had put myself in tempting situations early on.
Hey thanks for the encouragement and advice...I'm currently following the Allen Carr method which I know is not supported by everyone on this sub.  But it is on the sidebar so I have to assume it's worked for some people... yes?..Anyway I'm not trying to "prove anything" to anyone I'm just following his instructions - one of which is "10. Do not alter your life in any other way purely because you've quit drinking".  ..Since I have absolutely no interest in drinking because I have realized that there is absolutely no benefit to drinking and only negatives I don't feel tempted at all (at least so far)...I'm hedging because I recognize I'm very very new to this process.  But I have quit before using will power alone and found it very difficult.  This time using Allen Carr's method I feel very different about the whole thing.  I no longer mentally consider what I'm doing "giving up" something that I want.  I just see it as avoiding something that brings me no benefits but comes with plenty of negatives.  ..For me to avoid all situations where I might be "tempted" would be completely unworkable for me.  I play in a band that gigs in bars.  I have a wife who still has a glass of wine with dinner.  I have friends who still drink.  If my strategy is to give up my wife my music and my friends in order to stay sober I'd feel like it's not worth it.  ..And right now I feel no temptation when I'm in these situation so (so far at least) I can see a path to getting the best of both worlds. ..And of course there's also "12. Alter the parts of your lifestyle which you do not like".  So if I find that there are people and situations that I don't enjoy sober then I  change those aspects of my life.  ..But playing in a band is fun (even when I'm not drinking).  And hanging with my friends is fun (even when I'm not drinking).  And have dinner with my wife is fun (even when I'm not drinking).  ..And according to Allen Carr anyway I shouldn't give those things up just because I'm not drinking.  Make sense?.
