-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w788h/to_drink_or_not_to_drink_nonalcoholic_beer_and/

So the consensus on the mighty interwebs is: non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics. If you in recovery should choose to drink this you might be just one day away from a relapse. In fact some even consider it a relapse/cheating. It's bad for you and bad for your recovery...So am I just kidding myself when I say I like it because I like the taste? Yes I like the taste of beer even when it's 00%. And that alcohol-free wine ain't half bad either...I stopped drinking because I drank too much and I depended on being drunk everyday. That's hopefully in the past now. But... I drink a lot of liquids ever since I was born. After a while you had it with coffee tea seven kinds of soda and ye good ol' water. I'm not talking about 5 of those non alcoholic beers in a row or a bottle of NA wine. Just one now and then...Tell me am I a fool?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there.  This comes up a lot. Please check out this section of the FAQ for a great compilation of recent/past posts on the topic...http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_is_na_.28non-alcoholic.29_beer_ok.3F
Did you drink non-alcoholic beer when you were a drinker?
&gt; Tell me am I a fool?..That's up to you to determine. Personally I won't touch the stuff for two reasons:..1.  I already know what my alcoholic voice will have to say about it "Yeah this isn't working grab a real beer. Just one won't hurt."..2. Beer is an acquired taste (remember how your first beer tasted?) and can be un-acquired after not drinking it for awhile.
&gt;  After a while you had it with coffee tea seven kinds of soda and ye good ol' water...NA beer is but one drink in a sea of millions.  Funny that you're making such a big deal out of drinking a drink that tastes exactly like a drink that you're addicted to don't you think?..Fewer than 5% of people who drink NA beer achieve 2 years of sobriety.  http://sd.bot.nu/survey/2014/nabeer..&gt; Tell me am I a fool?..I think asking this question moves you out of "fool" territory and places you squarely in "willing one day wise but presently confused" status.  Which isn't surprising you are a recovering addict after all.  Why not put this decision on ice for the time being?   Get a year sober under your belt before giving it a shot.  If they're no longer making NA beer in one year's time hit me up I'll try to track some down for you..
In the end this is going to be a personal choice.  If drinking non-alcoholic beer doesn't tempt you to drink alcohol...well then you're probably ok. I have a friend who has been sober over 20 years and he drinks NA beer all the time.  But the question you should probably ask yourself is...if it tempts you to drink even a little bit...if it increases your chance of drinking again by even 1%...is it worth it?
A few weeks ago I might have been supportive of your choice but as I have never attempted full sobriety before I didn't understand that we are still teetering on the edge of potential failure. I have decided I don't want to risk anything. I just discovered Vanilla Bean Soda at 60 calories it would beat the taste of any non alcoholic beer hands down. 
Why would I want to drink anything that tastes even remotely like the poison which almost stole my life?
If you are lying to yourself and coming here to justify it then yes you are a fool...I have enjoyed the occasional NA beer and was not spiraled into relapse or cravings.  Many of the guys in my AA are strictly against it as they see it like playing with fire.  Its up to each individual and how they react to the close taste of their addiction.  I drank hard stuff mostly so I dont trigger over a beer taste.  My friend was a huge beer drinker he can barely be around the smell with out a physical compulsion to consume...Pay attention to how you feel and react to the NA beer.  I dont get excited over a diet coke or need one after a hard days work.  
You asked I answer. Yes you are a fool. You are fooling yourself. ..To save your own life it's your priority to stay away from any thing that even resembles alcohol. Alcoholism is a progressive disease.. Sneaking in 'non alcoholic' beer is just taking another step back into the drinking cycle.
I did it once or twice in previous sobriety attempts mostly as a way to try to fit in while at a drinking event.  I switched to club soda and a lime.  Honestly it tastes fucking terrible.  ..I don't know what you drank before but I'd say the closest approximation I can think of is really gross malt liquor of the type we used to have homeless people buy us when we were teens that came in 40s. Why would you want that?
In a nutshell for me one non-alcoholic beer led to a 9 year relapse. I was 5 years sober at the time. You're not a fool for asking the question. Don't drink today.
Wouldn't non-alcoholic wine just be grape juice?..All joking aside I don't partake. The act of drinking was much of a problem for me as the actual intoxication. If I start taking the actions I'm going to start craving the effect...Sure I'll have a sip of the sparkling apple juice served to the kids at a wedding... But I absolutely do not partake in anything that even makes it look like I might be consuming alcohol. My addictive mind wants to find every excuse to cross the line and it's my sober mind's job to keep on the right side of things...Of course your mileage may vary.
 "After a while you had it with coffee tea seven kinds of soda and ye good ol' water." ..i asked something similar a week ago and a wise commenter posted back asking how come i never got bored of the taste of wine. ..point taken. ..i'd stay away if i were you. 
I have drank NA beer only a couple times in my life both times I was quitting drinking and both times deep down I still wanted to drink. That's why I drank those NA beers not for their shitty taste not for refreshment but because I wasn't ready to give up drinking. Not to worry I drank real alcohol shortly thereafter on both occasions. Are you being truly honest with yourself about this? If so great enjoy 'em - if not then you know deep down exactly where you are headed and you're headed that way on purpose.
