-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wb17x/i_vow_to_never_forget_the_hangovers/

I don't remember much that happened from the ages of about 19-25. I remember some of the big things but the day-to-day life and what my mindset was like is something I can't recall very well. ..I wasn't there for most of it. I existed in that my body took up physical space and I had interactions with people but I wasn't really there. ..In a similar vein I can't really remember what it's like to be drunk. Hazy goofy warm. Slightly worsening balance and more lopsided grinning the deeper I got into the night (or afternoon) before the inevitable blackout. It's weird to think that something I did thousands of times is something I find difficult to recall...But what I vividly remember are the hangovers. I remember those like they were this morning. That black consuming self-loathing. Sweaty and sore accompanied by the occasional mysterious injury. The dread of having to check various social media websites including any outgoing phone calls and text messages to see what brilliant shit your drunk self came up with that the world needed to hear. Rushing to a window to see if the car is outside and the manner in which it is parked. Cracking open a wallet if you can find it to see what's left. The bloodshot deathly eyes. The swollen and pale face. The wondering what went wrong in life that has led you to this juncture over and over again. The looking for an easy escape and not finding one except for the Great and Unmentionable escape. ..I don't remember the drinking. But I remember the hangovers. And I promise myself that I will never ever forget them. ..If you're someone that is struggling with this please keep coming back to this subreddit to read and comment everyday. And it has to be everyday. Get a little obsessed with recovery. If you are walking the tightrope of active addiction there are exactly two ways to fall. Lean towards us and we will catch you. But it's on you to make the jump. ..Happy hump day everyone. Onward and upward and what-have-you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this it really hits home. Should probably print it carry it in my pocket and read it whenever I get the cravings.
for me i remember the anger that grew inside me  anger for everything as simple as a picture of someone on the computer. Idunno why. ..I'd check my browser history the next morning to see just how much time i had wasted sitting at the desktop before passing out. ...sad
thanks for sharing. you're right. the worst part was the hangovers especially the panic in the AM as i struggled to remember what i did the night before who i talked to and how much money i spent. ..it hasn't been long and i hope to remember this vividly in the future. but this was a great reminder. 
Thank you for this.
Really powerful to read this.  Thank you!!
Ack. I remember all those things that you said...clear as day. Wondering if I even had my wallet/phone/etc. Wondering who I pissed off. Wondering who the hell that is in my bed. Wondering how I got home...all that. Looking in the mirror and thinking WHO IS THAT that face is awful. Then I'd just drink some more to get over it. Rinse repeat. Disgusting 20 year cycle. It's a daily struggle...it's hard really freaking hard. ..
Thanks for the read awesome and inspirational...Oh my God the hangovers. That hungover scramble to salvage friendships reputation and everything else it destroys so everything I guess. I'm only a few days in this time around but I already feel so relieved I don't have to deal with that shit anymore...Last time I drank was Thursday and it almost cost me my best friend and girl I love. She still isn't talking to me but I think with time and space it isn't beyond repair. It happened because I'd start drinking not give a fuck anymore and lie about what I was doing when she called. She always knows because she hears it in my voice. I become an entirely different person when I drink in a very bad way. Last time I drank and lied and ended up in the hospital. She texted me that night "I'm done with this shit." I dunno I'm rambling sorry. I hope I can win her back eventually.
I use this all the time I never forget the hangovers. Every time I think I want to drink I think of the hangovers. In particular the ones where you are stuck in bed vomiting all day...It immediately makes the fantasy of alcohol go from a fantasy to a nightmare...
This is exactly how I keep myself from drinking. The hangovers ate not worth it to me anymore. I used to be able to tell myself they aren't that bad but the older I get the harder they hit. It got to the point where drinking required the recovery time of some of the harder drugs I've done. Even when I didn't even get that drunk the night before I still felt horrible the next day. So now every time I get a craving I realize its just going to ruin my day tomorrow and I make myself a cup of tea and go on with my day. 
This really is a great post thanks for writing it!
Well said.
Thank you for reminding me. For the past two days I have not been on reddSD. What a mistake. It really reigns me in to a reality check. I remember now...the bed spins and all the other vial results. This is why today I choose NOT to drink!
Thank you so much for this very important reminder. Not only do we lose time in the drinking itself but the recovering from drinking is a time-consuming activity itself and I know I've wasted countless hours in bed just waiting for the sickness to finally pass. I've been struggling with new ways to help me stay sober this time around and I think remembering the hangovers is one of the best. Sure felt good to wake up fresh this morning and this is why I chose to not drink today.
This really resonated with me..I DON'T remember vividly this so called "enjoyment" I got out of drinking especially over the past two years but I sure do remember the hangovers/AM "where the hell is my money/wallet/purse/watch/earrings/car/dignity?" and I never ever want to feel that anxiety again. 
One of the most useful things I learned in the rooms of AA is never to forget the pain that brought me in.
&gt;The dread of having to check various social media websites including any outgoing phone calls and text messages to see what brilliant shit your drunk self came up with that the world needed to hear...This is the worst part. I hated waking up and checking  my phone to see what text messages I had sent to my friends and ex-partners. Awful awful stuff. 
Oh yes this 1000 times over.  I don't miss waking up on the bathroom floor underneath the rug with my head in the garbage can and having to call my work and tell them I was sick... because I was still too drunk to drive to work.
Great post. It's still so surprising to me how similar we all are. 
Yeah--this is what motivates me every day--the fact that I NEVER want to experience another hangover ever again.  A hangover is self induced torture.  It is absolutely unnecessary!!!  And I have had way too many in my life and I plan to never go back to doing that to myself.  ..Once you get to a certain point you just know you'll never go back.  And it makes it difficult for me to watch people I love do it to themselves.  When people ask me why I am not drinking I sometimes say...I'm on the no hangover plan.  
I don't remember the hangovers. ..I smelled a gin &amp; tonic with a lime twist about a month ago. ..I like the smell of Gin...I can remember the withdrawals. I can remember the drunken sex...I can remember the drinking....I can remember standing at the edge of the abyss knowing I had to die and running scared...but not hangovers.
I really like that "get obsessed with recovery." I just realized a lot of my 20's was spent in that weird haze I remember doing stuff and being apart of things but I know I wasn't really there a lot and I don't even remember my mindset because it was so whacked out because I drank. Thanks for this reminder and how much more I've enjoyed the last few years (with the decreased drinking) and especially how much more I've enjoyed these past days. Great post!
I will never ever forget the last hangover I had.  It's the worst i've ever felt in my life.
When I hear people say they want to drink again I often want to tell them... press fast forward. Preview how it will go. Think *past* the (perceivable) "good times" and remember what it actually causes. And not just the hangovers - the damaged relationships the lost or nearly lost jobs the legal trouble the empty bank accounts the shame the regret the brokenness. ..Does sobriety make everything better? No but it doesn't make anything worse. Alcohol made *everything* worse...Thanks for your post it really resonates with me. I vividly remember the "next day panic" of checking my phone my car my social media etc. I'll never forget the time I had $200 (I later discovered) charged to my credit card - my friend told me that I wouldn't shut up about how awesome the bartender's service was and that I being the big baller I drunkenly thought I was apparently tipped him well over 100%. I don't miss any of that (though I'm guessing the bartenders might miss *me* though. Heh.)
Thank you for posting this. It was incidents being relayed to me  from a black out that prompted me to realize I have a problem that was not only hurting me but my husband and children.  I too dreaded awakening each morning to the consequences from the night before and had hoped that because nobody told me differently all I did was pass out. Boy was I ever wrong! I am on day 4 now and have woken up feeling better and refreshed than I have in years.  
I absolutely love the way that you write. This rang so true for me thank you for sharing it.
The hangovers were the worst! It's awesome waking up and feeling refreshed. Going into work and never hearing "rough night?" lol It was especially difficult because I'm a makeup artist. Now I actually have time in the morning to practice my art. :)
[deleted]
You have eloquently and perfectly described my life. ..It's great to know I'm not alone. I Love this community...
Great post. ..Those hangovers were pure evil. Im so glad I don't have to endure them any more. (or trying to remember what I said or did the night before.... *cringe*..
This is such an awesome post. Right on the money...Thinking about my last hangover is one of my go-to strategies when I'm tempted to drink. I remember waking up in a panic at 11am on a work day. I remember the sweat the headache the spinning feeling. I remember the dread shame and the trifecta of depression anxiety and self-loathing that slowly covered me like a blanket. I remember vague recollections of being an annoying asshole with my cell phone. ..And with all those memories making the decision not to drink is pretty easy.
I haven't really tried to remember before now what it was like to be drunk and oddly though I can remember the "ahh" moment of satisfying the craving (well beginning to satisfy it; it was never truly satisfied) I can't really recall the feeling of being drunk nor why it seemed such a great thing...But oh boy I certainly can relate to recalling and regretting the hangovers.  No thank you.  Not anymore.
I like this x100. Spot on.
I actually don't think I can fully remember how awful they were
Thank you for this post. I needed to see it.
I needed this post. Thank you so much.
Great post great reminder. Spot on... all of it! I cannot explain how bad my hangovers got in the last couple of years the mental symptoms are the worst; the fear the self-hating the black anxiety the racing thoughts the impending doom.... the only 2 things that made it better was either drinking again and starting up the merry-go-round or abstinence. I chose the latter. Urghh I never want to put myself through that self-inflicted shit again. 
The occasional mysterious injury- ugh! I can relate - No more hangovers!!!
That was some poignant shit my friend.  I have forgotten what the pain of childbiirth felt like and truth be told I forgot pretty damn quickly. It is impossible for me to recall that feeling. I think it's because something good came out of the pain. ..The day after drinking pain? Nothing good came out of it. It was the same horrible feeling time after time after time. The rawness of it may have faded a bit but I do not and hopefully will not forget that feeling. ..Thank you for sharing this and bringing the pain back to remember. I needed to hear that. 
