-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wecuz/why_cant_i_be_a_social_drinker/

I've been an alcoholic my entire life. I went to my first AA meeting at 17 years old at the encouragement of my girlfriend at the time. While I did it then to appease her I never cared for AA/meetings. They just never sit right with me not mocking or doubting their ability to help people just different strokes for different folks I guess...Anyway now 45 years old I've lived my entire life as a functioning alcoholic or a high brow drunk as my wife refers to me. I've gone on the wagon over the years for as much as 9 months at a time I have to problem with stopping drinking but I have every issue with sober living. I hate sobriety and although it's not a struggle to stop I hate myself my life everything about being sober...This is the point of my question......I can - not drink no problem. I can go extended periods not drinking but my mind just can't give it up and when I drink I just want to get drunk. I guess I should expand on that I don't really like drinking I don't need the social aspect I have plenty of friends make friends easily I just like being drunk. Sorry scratch that I LOVE BEING DRUNK. ..I just like it! I don't like being "buzzed" I don't like having a few to take the edge off I like being drunk. I've lived drunk and I've lived sober; and I'll take drunk every time!..So my question is.......why? I'm 3 days into my recent sobriety and I'm fucking miserable. Not physically just mentally pissed off and annoyed with myself to once again bein in this position. ..Thanks for listening I think this is my first reddit thread!.Am I alone?
----------immediate responses--------

Well you said you can NOT drink easily but it sounds like that's not true. Alcoholics want to get drunk that's why we drink... the reason most people relapse is because they want to get drunk I think... just like you're saying. ..I was a functioning drunk too but I just honestly got sick of depending on a poison just to feel normal so I called it quits. I don't like everything in my life and sometimes I just wanna say "screw it" and get wasted but I know that it doesn't contribute anything positive to my life. ..I don't know if you can relate to that or not.  :/
I think you will find that 'being drunk' is what actually makes for a good alcoholic. The few people who I know who only have one or two drinks don't actually 'get drunk' on one or two drinks. They have one and then they can stop. Im not like that and I never have been. Im a drunk and I have always liked 'being drunk'...If your life is so wonderful when you are drunk and you hate everything about being sober Im not sure I understand why you are here or what advice you are seeking? Sorry if Ive misread your post I just don't understand your question.
&gt;We admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable. 
So why are you even trying to be sober then? I am 48 and love pub culture and drinking. I also went into AA at a young age and I often wonder if maybe [their messages convinced me of something I am not](http://www.thefix.com/content/definition-alcoholism-AA-drunkalogues8222). Why does it have to be so black and white? Wouldn't a middle path of moderation allow me to avoid the pain of the extremes of alcoholic drinking and complete abstinence? It makes so much logical sense. Heck does alcoholism even exist or is it just physical addiction and bad habits?..The problem is I loved to drink and I loved to drink more. I loved it because it made me forget it made me feel OK it provided an easy excuse to be around people it gave me courage to participate it allowed me to never show my true self it prevented people from judging my true self. There were so many things drinking and not stopping did for me. So why did I want to stop? Why didn't I drink moderately if I didn't want to quit and I wanted to avoid the painful consequences of drinking excessively...Ultimately I saw that my drinking was incompatible with maintaining my life. I am 48 and things started to fall apart pretty quickly as my 40 progressed. I was holding myself back in all areas of my life. I was constantly miserable. That's why I quit. But it was extremely uncomfortable because I didn't know how to live sober my brain was wired for living like a drunk. At first sober living didn't trigger the right reward responses but thinking of a drink sure did. It was a process to stay sober long enough to allow my brain to heal to build new reward responses. It was deliberate and committed action to learning and trying new ways to live sober. But sitting around sober wishing I was living my drunken life was miserable and never last long. I really had to make a permanent decision and move on with a commitment to live sober...
Why can't I not be lactose intolerant?  ..Why aren't my eyes blue?..Why do I need to wear glasses? 
&gt;I just like it! I don't like being "buzzed" I don't like having a few to take the edge off I like being drunk. I've lived drunk and I've lived sober; and I'll take drunk every time!..Social drinkers rarely get drunk.
Man this just sums everything up for me to a T. However I just know my life will become unmanageable if I continue on this path. I need to quit because it's for my health for my friends and family and my future. I am powerless over alcohol no matter how much I think I like it right now  I don't want to become a slave to a substance. That's not going to be my life anymore. I love being drunk too but I know I am better off without it; it's almost like an abusive partner to me. It's just going to wreck my life and it's time to break up. 
Just the way you pour a drink into a glass and fill it try to figure out what part of yourself alcohol is filling up (or filling in).
