-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wfbpi/crunch_time/

The past maybe five or six or even more times that I've tried to quit I've always relapsed around 7-12 days in. Now I'm on day nine so I'm trying to be particularly vigilant. Figured I'd post on here just to write it out. Any tips on getting over this hump?
----------immediate responses--------

I always find my badge a really useful tool. Waking up to see I have another day is really encouraging. What happens at the 7-12 day point that makes you relapse? Is there something you can do differently? 
Eat well.  Stay busy. Exercise.  .
I'm early on this time around but the main thing for me has been talking about it whether it be on here to an understanding friend at a meeting etc. Congrats on 9 days and good luck.
I attend AA meetings regularly. That has kept me from relapse and improved my life a thousandfold. 
i use my badge as motivation. also i made plans for hard days. lists of things to work on etc. so that when i felt like drinking i had something else to occupy my mind. 
Visualize how healthy and rested you will feel on day 14 15 16 and so on. ..Plan your time efficiently so you don't have a lot down time. ..Look for a hobby to keep your mind and hands and busy. ..Have some telephone numbers handy to call in case you feel like it. ..Check this website often and stay positive. ..You can do it. 
Exercise your rear off or at least take a long walk. I am on day nine as well. So I challenge you to make it to day 10 with me. I am off to the treadmill!
You're going through the same cycle that 99% of us struggle with.  ..I rode that hamster wheel for over 9 years trying to quit.  ...AA finally  got me out of the cycle. .. 
Many a relapse for me in the past and it always happens exactly as you describe. What has helped me previously is remembering how shitty I felt the last time I thought I could have 'just a couple' which inevitably escalated and then I am right back again to waking up at 4am sweating experiencing liver ache my hands are shaking etc. Also my doctor friend told me that if I could see the damage I was doing to my insides - see the state of my stomach liver &amp; kidneys I would never drink again so I try to picture it. That and the faces of my tearful and terrified loved ones when they have begged me to stop following whatever binge I had been on that time round. Well done on over a week &amp; keep going - you can totally do this! Also I don't know if you have heard of 5HTP but that really helps even out my mood and sleeping patterns (feeling low can be a trigger for me) and trying to stay busy. Well done on getting this far - and good luck!
