-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wihyy/sober_but_nothing_is_fun/

Hi all..I'm in AA I enjoy the meetings. I have a book on SMART Recovery because I finally reached a point where I'm willing to try just about anything. I'd have three months but lost my shit at work in January and relapsed then quit two days later. In my time away from that job and looking for another I found that I did not think about drinking the way I used to. My stress levels plummeted. I've always worked in restaurants so it's kind of been conducive to the "let's get fucked up at work" thing I've had going on for the past seven or eight years...I'm in a new job now and I'm hoping it's going to be temporary. The issue I'm running into is that nothing seems to be fun or enjoyable. I can't find any motivation to do anything even things that were once fun. I feel like my brain has gotten used to getting maximum reward for minimum effort; all it's taken for me to feel on fire is twisting a top and drinking. But I don't want that life anymore...I enjoy reading writing and Linux/computing. Reading is still pleasurable but nowhere near the amount of fun it used to be. Writing well I started a recovery blog and I write regular posts for that but not much else. I've been meaning to study and get my Linux+ certification so I can finally move out of the restaurant industry and work as a Linux admin/devops guy. I love free software I love Linux and I used to love tinkering and learning about it...I have a couple books I've been meaning to read for the exam but I never want to sit down and study. I don't want to do anything besides sleep all day and veg out watching TV. Linux administration programming writing a novel is all *hard work*. ..I've been a lazy no-good drunk for a while now and maybe not as long as some of you but long enough that I don't know what it's like to apply myself to a task like studying. I failed out of college. I've been a hard worker at my jobs in the restaurant but it was only because I have a decent work ethic while I'm there and I needed that paycheck to get drunk. And in regards to Linux/writing I always look at others and see how they've been at it for years working while I've been getting wasted and fucked up day in and day out. I'm so far behind everyone else with so much to learn it makes me more depressed...How do you overcome the feeling that nothing will ever be as fun/rewarding as drinking? I love being sober but I hate this feeling that something is missing. I hate how what used to be fun before I discovered my alcoholism seems dull. Part of me says it'll just take time the other part of me says I'm just not good at any of these things and should resign myself to a restaurant job that I hate but get paid for and seem to be alright at...I finally have insurance again and I'm planning on seeing a doctor for medication. I briefly took Citalopram and remember feeling "better"(hard to describe) before I decided I didn't want to take medication and went back to drinking a fifth a day...oh the stupidity! I've been diagnosed with ADD and mild anxiety/depression in the past. Adderall helped me at work but made anxiety worse and I still had no motivation to do anything except drink. ..TL;DR I don't want to drink. I want to be sober. And I want to write novels and articles and work with Linux/FOSS. But my crippling lack of motivation and anxiety that everyone is better than me makes me want to curl into a hole and cover up with a blanket and sleep my life away.
----------immediate responses--------

I'd recommend medication (and therapy if you can). In my sobriety the highs are lower but the lows are so much higher. I'm not a doctor but I suffer from depression and I suspect you might as well..Medication and therapy aren't a magic button that will fix your disengagement but you have hobbies you enjoy which is a great start. Getting some help can start helping you get out of bed. .Good luck!
you need a good small group. i did an outpatient rehab program and that was pretty much all i talked about. lots of good discussions on fun and the initial boredom. I still watched a lot of tv when i sobered up. I had help as far as $$$ goes for the rehab but it was well worth it to spend half of my day discussing my own lack of motivation and what to do.
I've replaced a lot of my downtime with reading.  I too feel lazy but don't think I have it as bad as you do...My therapist once told me depression isn't always a low feeling it can be a numb feeling where you don't really experience joy or happiness...Let me know if you need any linux help.
You mentioned you were in AA and you enjoy it. That's really great! Are you working the steps? Do you have a sponsor? How serious are you taking it? Do you go every day? Once a week? What kind of friends have you made there? You have a SMART book that is awesome too. What about the big book?..Just trying to get a feel for what you're going through...If you are going to meetings I am sure you have heard people mention True Sobriety or some variation of that wording. People get be what is commonly referred to as "Dry Drunk" or they stopped drinking but are still dealing with the underlying issues that led them to drink to excess. Drinking is definitely a compulsion in alcoholics but it tends to become that because we don't deal with emotions properly. So you could be in a situation where you quit drinking alcohol which is fucking awesome! but you still have underlying issues that might need addressing...This is just from what I have seen been told and it is exactly how I feel. I KNOW that I don't deal with emotions regularly and have been masking them with drugs and alcohol for a long time.
