-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wjwq7/my_alcoholism_is_ruining_my_emotional_health/

I've tried to quit a handful of times this past year and a half and the longest I went was 45 days. After that relapse my motivation to quit all but disappeared and I started drinking harder than before. I'm not necessarily a black out drunk but I will drink about 12 units throughout the day starting as early as 9 am. I treat my anxiety with alcohol. ..I've also lost all motivation to be social. I don't go out anymore if I do I'll go by myself to drink at a bar or in the park. My friends all drink and are kinda boring to me now. I'm often depressed. I'm going to try to quit again. I already know about the baby-steps and the wonders of AA (I've definitely attended my fair share of meetings). If anyone has any tips or stories on how to stay motivated please reply. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! Sounds like you could use more support. If you think you will have trouble withdrawing please see a doctor and be honest about how much you drink. Alcohol withdrawal is nothing to mess with. Medication prevents seizures lessens symptoms and makes you more comfortable and safe. ..My desperation to be sober led me to grab hold of all the help I could find. Treatment a therapist and AA gave me the tools and support to live a satisfying sober life. I couldn't do this on my own. ..See the Saturday Share stories in the sidebar.
Hey there! Thanks for sharing. I am a frequent relapser so your story resonates and as my current sober goal is 40 days I thought I would reply with what has worked for me in the past. I made a list of all the embarrassing things I had done whilst drunk all the worst incidents where I had truly terrified my family that had led me to decide to stop drinking and stuck them on my fridge. I started taking supplements to help with mood swings and clear thinking - 5HTP for sleep and to even out my moods and Thiamine or B1 to help with clear thinking and concentration. I committed to exercising once a day mainly to take up the time I would otherwise have spent in the bar but also to help me sleep.  Every time I get a craving I think to myself - this too shall pass and try to make it just one more hour/day/etc. telling myself that by that time if I still want to I can go get a drink. Usually by that time the impulse passes. Finally when I have given into that impulse I truly feel like shit. I hate myself and feel super guilty but I also feel physically bad. So I try to remember that when I really want to give into temptation. Like I said back on the wagon since Wednesday so this post is also serving as a reminder to me. Hope it helps and the very best of luck to you!
I recommend the Allen Carr book linked in the sidebar here..I got it on audible and listened to it day and night for the better part of a week..I am just discovering that it takes a lot of tools for me during different phases of my sobriety..My cravings now are completely different to my cravings on day four..So haunting this sub was and is essential..Welcome!
I treated my "anxiety" with alcohol for years. My doctor told me that I can't self medicate with alcohol because it's a depressant and not a long term solution to anything. Once I stopped drinking (this last time) and got past that REALLY bad anxiety of the first few days I simply tried a different path. My sponsor showed me that path. For me relapse had been a crucial part of me seeing the hopelessness of my condition. I don't recommend it but it takes what it takes to see the light. Only this time when I saw it I chased it. Now I've been on the right path long enough that my old path seems ridiculous and lonely. I never need to go back there if I choose not to.
Well this time around in my sobriety I have made a point to first off make myself accountable for my actions but also create a network of people that I can be accountable to. Family AA friends sponsor. All of these things contribute to reminding me that if I do falter I will have to answer consequences that I would rather not...These people also allow me to vent and work through the negative thoughts that may have driven me to drink before. ..I also never forget that shame and guilt that I felt that drove me to show up to a meeting in the first place. I admit to myself I am powerless over alcohol and my life is unmanageable. Taking a drink will only make my life worse no matter how "great" taking a drink may seem...Hitting meetings tends to make me feel better as well. I really enjoy meeting sober people that I can relate to and hang out with...I wish you the best.
Hey mate I'm living with anxiety and depression and have been as long as I can remember. I just hold on to the fact that booze exacerbates my bad feelings and worsens my depression. I've felt it doing so more and more right up til I quit...Something someone told me many years ago and it took me a while to get it and apply it to myself - imagine how your grandchildren will talk about you. That's a huge motivation to me. I only have a daughter at the mo but thinking about her telling her kids or friends about her drunk dad repels me. Good luck man.
Are you me one year plus 101 days ago?  This disease once robbed me of my spiritual mental emotional and physical health...I had to ask myself "am I willing to go to any length to get sober?"  Much like you I was fed up with the anxiety depression and bull shit that comes along with this disease.  For months I went to meetings and I wondered why I wasn't seeing any results.  I couldn't string together more than a month of continuous sobriety.  The reason was not apparent to my foggy brain...I had to jump into a recovery with both feet.  For too long I danced around the sobriety pool only dipping my toes in when it was convenient to me picking and choosing which aspects of recovery I would get involved with.  I did not listen to what was I was told to do.  Half measures availed me nothing...I checked myself into in-patient rehab for 30 days when I finally had enough.   I got out of the rehab and moved into a Recovery House (sober living environment).  I got a home group in AA a sponsor and began working the steps.  And guess what?  I began to see change and improvement.  I was never able to think myself into better actions... instead I had to act my way into better thinking.  What helps me today is talking with other alcoholics at meetings on the phone and on this sub.  I try to remember where I was knowing that I am one arm length from going back to that lifestyle.  This is what worked for me.  Good luck!!!  We are here for you.
For what it's worth alcohol made my anxiety way worse. The first 30 days were also a pretty anxious affair but after I stuck it out a while I found my anxiety was much reduced.
My simple advice - look up Pancreatitis. My heavy drinking lead me to an 8 day hospital stay is the worst pain I could imagine. Morphine couldn't even take the edge off they had some stronger stuff...hydro-morphone I think? In any case not only is your pancreas vital to well being alive - inflaming it by flooding it with booze can be excruciatingly painful. Oh and did I mention the first 5 days you get nothing to eat or drink except a bit of crushed ice maybe twice a day? Good times!..Not trying to use my story as a scare tactic but alcohol can ruin a lot more than emotional health...That experience along with a 30 day inpatient rehab program is what finally got me sober...~DG
