-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wmd44/hi_all_new_here/

Hey /r/stopdrinking I just subscribed to this sub today and thought maybe I could spend a quick minute to introduce myself and tell my story. ..I am originally from the Midwest and am currently in Texas for graduate school. I am a writer. Yes it is true what they say about us writers... we drink. Well I am surrounded by writers (in my program) and I am struggling today with my new-found sobriety...I decided to quit a few days before my 26th birthday. The reasons are numerous. I spent way too much time (and money) at the bar last semester. Yes I got all A's and I got a few poems published but I thought that I could have been much more productive had I spent my nights sober and focused as opposed to intoxicated and bewildered. ..The desire to quit drinking runs deeper than just my writing. Last semester I was having a difficult time managing stress so I began to see a school psychiatrist. While the initial stress went away with breathing techniques the therapy released deeper "repressed" memories from my childhood. I became a wreck. I spent a lot of time drinking alone depressed and unable to connect with the few friends I made here and my long-term girlfriend (now ex) who moved to Texas to pursue her education (different school - we were maintaining a long-distance relationship). ..It got to the point where my drinking was damaging our relationship. I was unresponsive neglectful intoxicated and calloused to her needs. I was thinking that she would not accept tolerate or "love me" anymore if shared with her the traumatic events from my childhood. I literally crawled inside a bottle and refused to come out. ..Well here I am at the start of my second semester. I was excited to see the few friends I had here thinking maybe I could find a new support group among the people in my program. NOPE! The people who I thought were my friends last semester were simply fellow bar-goers. Once I mentioned that I was going to attempt sobriety it seemed like the world flipped a switch on me. My phone stopped ringing. My classmates stopped including me in activities. I've grown pretty lonely. ..Recently I admitted the deeper reasons to my ex of why I decided to break up with her. She was actually supportive and she even had an inkling of "what had happened" before I even told her. I mentioned to her that I'm attempting sobriety and she seems really happy for me. I guess it kills me a little inside. I devastated the one person who supported me from the very beginning...I know I have to be sober for myself and I know that I want to be. But I cannot help but using her as a slight motivation as well. Maybe if I prove that through therapy physical exercise eating healthy and remaining sober that I can turn over a new leaf and change myself. Maybe that will patch up old wounds between us? Maybe we could be in love again?..Truthfully that is the short of my story hahah. I could go on for hours but I thought maybe I should keep it as brief as possible for the sake of introduction. Oh also I am an ACOA as my mom and her side of the family are pretty heavy drinkers. ..Thanks for taking the time read all of this. I look forward to meeting people on this sub. Both new people (like myself) and "veterans". I hope everyone is doing well. All best. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome Smash!..Well you write beautifully but I am going to ask that you reserve judgment of my certain typos and grammar errors (cell phone typing destroys me.)..It sounds like you have some great insight already and yes you can only get sober successfully for yourself because we only drink for ourselves. BUT that doesn't mean to give up hope on your lady give life a chance to unravel and your sobriety a chance to stick. Regardless of if you two renew your relationship she sounds like a good support system in any context lucky you!..Hope to hear from you throughout this journey it's a great place for writing and reading..
Welcome aboard! Writers drink; I'm a retired technical writer. I too live in a big Texas town with a big Texas university right in the middle of it. Lot of empathy and sobriety on this sub. Please visit us often. 
Welcome mang...I'm a pretty young guy myself about to be 28 in a couple days (on my 365th day)...What does ACOA mean?
I spent 8 years as a graduate student in a program that takes most 5-6. This is in large part due to being an alcoholic. Over the first 4 years I went from drinking maybe once a month to binge drinking every weekend. I spent the next 4 years developing myself into a weekday binge drinker some days drinking during lunch instead of eating. Wasted years man...Couple things: chances are your school has a counseling program. I'd take advantage of that. It's usually cheap. /u/dynastiesdiedaily already confirmed that AA is a great resource...I highly recommend checking it out. This will be the place you find people who can relate to you problems who go out for coffee and/or pancakes afterwards who are looking for support and camaraderie...It's okay to lose the bar-fly friends. It hurts and it sucks and it feels lonely for a time. But it changes. It will change and get better faster with your help. There are plenty of sober activities on campus I'd guess and again: AA will lead you directly to people who get what you're going through...Welcome! It's wonderful to have you and I have a special place in my heart for those people who choose to jump through the hoops of graduate school. Stick around and good luck!
