-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wmfer/i_really_want_to_drink_when_im_bored/

I have been so incredibly busy and exhausted that I haven't had a lot of time to myself. It's been a positive busy and I'm really happy with where life is going although I think I need to focus on more alone time to get over this trigger. I want to be ok being alone with myself and my thoughts and not have so many thoughts about getting drunk by myself and playing on the internet watching shows and commenting on people's stupid shit on the internet. That's my getting drunk fantasy: I want to be able to be alone relax and escape from my thoughts. ..My boyfriend's band went on tour on Wednesday (super stoked for him. I'm one of the publicists (business) and I'm happy to see him experience this (gf) but miss him all the same (bittersweet)) so I've been off work and alone for two days and it's been a weird adjustment period. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep and when I do I have these crazy drinking dreams I've been posting about and then I obsess over them a bit and hate how drinking has taken ahold of me even though I DON'T want to drink. ..I feel like I'm being hypervigilant about not drinking and it's a 'part' of me now. At the tour kick off show several of my friends asked how the 'not drinking' was going and I said I had nine months and change. Nothing but a positive response and people kinda cheer me on as a non-drinker. ..But for some reason with all this support and all the crazy stress I've been feeling I want to be alone in my apartment drinking away everything. I guess what I really want is an escape. I find myself drinking a ton of energy drinks if I want to escape fatigue or smoking weed to escape pain and anxiety or smoking cigarettes to attempt to escape boredom. ..It's also affecting my school work because I'm writing about narratives of addition and recovery and online mutual aid groups. I'm working on my literature review and all this writing about drinking and working in a bar and dealing with people drinking around me is kinda making me crazy. I don't want to drink and am not really worried about relapsing (though I stay vigilant cause I know it's hella possible if I'm not). Still I want like a sober retreat. ..Maybe I just need a vacation or something but more than that I want to be able to be ok with myself. Time to pick up some meditation and mindfulness literature again. I always wanted to practice that stuff but never found the time. Well I'd rather research and practice that than think about drinking all the time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey djam ..I know the feeling about boredom. And so do my lungs. I've killed a pack and a half since 5 am this morning. Probably going to go have another one after this post. ..And I think I also know the desire to hole up in an apartment with nothing but what entertains you and a drink of your choice. For me I loved coming home with a sixer and grabbing a book off my shelf. I loved just sitting down having the sweat of a cold beer in my hand and reading. Or listening to music. Or just about anything to unwind from the stress of school work relationships and loneliness. ..Although I am just starting this journey of sobriety I am learning the importance of two things: physical activity and a community. Last night I *really* wanted a drink. Bad. The walls started closing in and I got so antsy that I became angry. Instead of giving in I decided to dust off my old running shoes and I went for a run. A balls-to-the-wall dead sprint down to the end of my street. I was gasping hacking up a lung sweating and I probably stunk a little. But I figured all of that was better than sitting down somewhere and drinking a beer. Oddly enough after burning off some energy the urge to drink sort of subsided. Sort of. ..As far as community goes... well... I'm still lacking that. I just moved to a new town in a new state. The town is very much a "college town" which has a rich culture of drinking. I've tried finding a few AA meetings but so far no dice. The hardest part is the loneliness right now. I know that if I walked downtown I'd see bars filled with people laughing joking around and doing what I want to do... drink. So instead I sit in my apartment chain smoke listen to tunes try to write a poem and will probably go for another run just to exhaust myself. ..Hang in there. Friday nights seem to be hard. 
Boredom is my trigger. Especially on Friday nights. Do you go to meetings? You didn't mention anything about meetings. It helps me. 
Growing up I was huge into comics and videogames. As I've gotten older responsibilities have grown and those hobbies fell by the wayside because of time and commitments . ..Since I quit drinking I've noticed a lot more free time where I've been able to re-integrate those hobbies into my life. ..So here's my question to you to think about. What past hobbies or passions did you have that you've let fall by the wayside that you could pick back up to keep you on the clean road? That might be something to keep you straight. Or maybe there's something you've thought about doing as a hobby. Now is a great place to try it. ..Just an idea but please just do something for yourself. You're working hard and you deserve it.
