-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wrnyg/doing_this_again_new_approach/

At the end of last summer I committed to giving up drinking. My plan was to use willpower and this sub to hold myself accountable. I managed to stop for about two months. Then I fell into the terrible trap of "Oh it's been two months and it's one of my best friend's birthday. Surely I can just have a few". Well unsurprisingly a few turned into a blackout. Just as it almost always does. Guess what? I CAN'T DRINK LIKE A NORMAL PERSON. I'm one of those people who can't stop once they start. I become a train headed straight for memory loss. An express train...Despite this fact smacking me in the face again I continued to drink through the holidays through the new year and until a couple of days ago. Then I went out with a few people to a local bar. After we all wrapped up my alcoholic brain said "Hey let's have a few more". So I wandered over to another bar. I met someone I happened to know there and then it all went dark. The next morning I was told what I did and let's just say I made an ass out of myself and behaved like a child. I felt the familiar feeling of embarrassment and confusion that day and I knew I never wanted to feel this way again...So what am I going to do differently this time? I plan on coming to this sub every day again. I stopped doing that after my relapse last year. But more importantly I found an AA group and will be attending weekly from now on. I dismissed AA before since I am not religious. I think that was a mistake. I need support and a group of like-minded people to keep me honest. No matter if I am religious or not I need more than just my willpower. It is not enough...I appreciated everyone on this sub when I was still on the wagon last year and I look forward to becoming a more active (and permanent) member of this community. Thanks for reading my rambling wall of text. I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

I think you have the right attitude. Welcome back.
Have you read Allen Carr's "Easy Way to Control Alcohol?" Getting past the writing style and repetition he has some excellent points. It's a very short read.
[deleted]
Welcome back!
