-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wxcyi/three_weeks_today_i_beat_my_own_odds/

This is the longest I've been clean & sober in 25 years and though part of me wants to blow off the 'Congratulations' deep down I KNOW it's a huge accomplishment. I have nothing but a huge thank you for everyone who posts here.   I love reading everyone's posts and take something away from both the trials and the tribulations..It's not perfect I still have struggles/issues every day but I am not focusing on those right now this is for the good stuff! .Things I like about sobriety 21 days in: .1. No hangovers . Like NONE. Zero. Zip.  I forgot how it feels to wake up clear. .2. More alert/focused especially at work. .3. People 'seem' to act friendlier to me in public (i.e store checkers). I think maybe I seem happier/nicer/less hungover. .4. More money! .5. No shame in my game. The feeling of not having to apologize or 'hide' or otherwise feel sneaky is really good. ..Thanks again I don't know if I would have stuck with it this long without this sub. Also I love seeing my badge every day& whoever came up with that is awesome.  :).....
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  You've got this!  
Right behind ya :) You are doing awesome.
This is a great post - thanks for sharing and huuuge congratulations on your achievement. It is a big thing and you deserve all the praise you get! Woop woop and here's to day 22 and beyond!
you rock!! *super high five* 
Yep HUGE accomplishment it is! You rock!!!
Congrats! It is a great feeling
People are or seem to be nicer to me too..Maybe it is because I naturally just act more "normal"...I always had this weird feeling before like I wasnt quite in my body always trying to deal with people and act naturally..I am not sure what psychosis it was actually. But I am glad to be rid of it...Now when I go out I don't keep telling myself I am just an average woman running errands or whatever. I really AM just someone running errands I don't have to put any conscious energy into it...Congrats on three weeks!.You rock!!.
Congrats.   I feel the same.  No hang overs is huge.
Yay Susan! Loving your gratitude! Congratulations on your 21 days of LIFE. :-)
Congratulation my friend keep going my friend! .
Congrats. Inspiration for us newbies!.
I love this post! I really relate to what you wrote about "no shame in my game" . What a wonderful feeling and thanks for the reminder to celebrate it. ..Congrats!
Nice! I'm very proud of you! :)
Way to go!!! It keeps getting better! 
