-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x38ty/i_thought_i_outgrew_my_issues_but_i_think_i_just/

I guess I'm gonna rant a little here to my sober buddies.....I've been struggling with my emotions a lot lately. I'm 31 now but when I was younger like 18-23 I had this feeling of being 'bad'. Like there's a crime I'm going to be punished for. One day I would take a wrong step and lose it all...I eventually graduated from college and got a decent job. With all that disposable income I explored the burgeoning craft beer scene...Wow what a fun hobby! I know things about beers and can collect experience through consumption! /s..Anyhoo I also got into smoking pot. Time passed I worked drank a bunch smoked a bunch and for a long time I lost that feeling like I was going down. But it's back. Now the only ways I can sidestep that panic'd feeling when it's really on me is to smoke pot. But being without alcohol for this time has made me more annoyed with that crutch personally. I'm not interested in 'leaving' so-to-speak but I'm also less interested in crutches these days. So I'm taking a break from that now too. So I guess the only relief is sleep in those moments and so often my dreams are horrid...I know I've made mistakes and wronged people but I've forgiven worse in the people I know. I know everybody would say this but I'm really not a bad person! So generally I think this feeling of guilt is unfounded. I think it's just in me. But what if it is real? I can't really do anything about it why can't I let it go?..I guess I was just self medicating and still do just not with alcohol. I guess it feels like I'm always either flying or crawling. My mind just races it's like there's never a break. I'll work 14 hour days or become obsessed with a book. I withdraw from my work wife or friends. I can't help but wonder what other people feel like. Does this sound familiar to anyone? Any cheat codes or something? The game of life is hard.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds a bit like me.  I have other extenuating circumstances but feel guilty when good things happen feel like it'll be taken away one day like I don't deserve it...I have one suggestion: find someone well outside of your social circle someone you don't know and spill everything.  Tell them the truth.  Make sure its someone without a vested interest that doesn't know you or your family.  ..I lie I lie to protect my family friends people that have a vested interest in my life and when I found a therapist she ended up knowing my mother and the lying started again.  When I could spill the lot and stop lying then I started to accept what I'd done the good and bad in me.  I'm still not great but it was definitely better.
After I stopped drinking I could start working on the problems that I'd been treating with alcohol. I got counseling--and still do see a counselor--someone who can help me sort out the life game bit by bit. I also have a few trusted friends who I can talk to and who talk to me. Cheat codes--I wish maybe but then I wouldn't be learning how to do it myself. I'd suggest considering a counselor--I suggest finding one who you are comfortable with yet who challenges you. 
Meditating helps quiet my mind. I was pretty skeptical about it at first and it takes practice but it works and science backs it up.
It sounds to me (not a doctor just some dude over the internet with a similar problem) like you have an anxiety disorder that you were self-medicating with alcohol and weed.  In the short term alcohol certainly makes your anxiety go away.  In my experience over time it makes it much much worse.  When you're drinking you're not dealing with the underlying issues--you're hiding from it.  Now that you're sober the symptoms are coming back because you've never dealt with them.  So now that you're sober it's time to deal with them.  ..There are two strategies I've used which are helping me greatly.  The first is therapy. Get yourself a therapist and talk to them about your feelings.  With a good therapist you will learn that your anxiety is not real and you will learn better strategies to cope. Second if you can find a Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction course in your area you might give that a try.  Learning to meditate (well before I was sober) has given me another tool to deal with my anxiety.  Mindfulness helps you learn that your thoughts are not you--you're not a "bad person"--you have a voice in your head that's telling you you are.  But that voice isn't you and it isn't right.  Mindfulness will help you learn to let those thoughts go...I hope this helps.  Good luck to you.
I had to change the things I do on a daily basis to include service to my fellow man...That's a far cry from the 'just as long as it doesn't affect me' mentality I had when drinking or even not drinking when I ended up drinking again.
