-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x4yjw/2_months_in/

So i've been sober for 60 consecutive days now so what has changed since December 27th if anything? Well.....-I've been running 2-3 times a week and I'm racing in my first 5K next Saturday. ..-I've been a better husband and father to my young son by being more patient and a better listener; i.e. not as selfish...-I never have a hangover ever...-I have more money in the bank right now than I have ever had at any point in my life...-Stress is more manageable...-My memory is better...-I sleep better...-My conscience is clearer. (I still make mistakes but not biggies)..-I've became active in the church again more importantly I've regained my relationship with God...-I worry less...-Did I mention no hangovers?..So is everything perfect? Of course not. I still battle anxiety issues. I still struggle with other behaviors that are destructive but I'm finding that I can manage them better with prayer and meditation than I can with booze. Sometimes I get bored on the weekends or even weekdays when I'm off and I think about going to a buddy's house and getting ripped. But I've found over the last few years that it's never worth it. Never. It's not even much fun any longer. And from what I read in this sub from people relapsing it isn't fun for anyone else here either. Alcohol is still out there kicking ass. ..So what program am I using? Well I wake up every day and thank God for another day and I thank Him every night for another sober day. That has been the only way for me to quell the mental obsession with alcohol. At the end of the day He gives us free will to make whatever choice we want. No one can pick up that first drink except for me or you. And whether you believe in Jesus or not that fact remains true. ..Sorry for being preachy I just wanted to share what has worked for me...Keep on Truckin'
----------immediate responses--------

Great job. I look forward to the 60 day mark. I too believe in God and agree with your free will comment. I don't buy the idea that we are powerless we can seek and ask for help from wherever we choose whether that is God higher power the universe or a therapist but the decision is all down to us. 
Congratulations on 60 days - that's huge. It used to be beyond my imagination but now I really believe that I will do it. I second your faith 100%; I have never understood why some people think that "there are bad things in the world ergo there is no God'. He put us on this earth and it is up to us to live our lives battle our demons and try to make sense of it all. Thanks for the post and here's to a sober tomorrow. 
Nice work man...You are on the right path.
