-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xak60/first_post_starting_at_home_detox_tonight/

Hey all..This is my first post I've been lurking for a while though.  I have a long story just like everyone else but I'm starting to realize that thinking about tomorrow is more important than drowning the regret of yesterday.  ..This past March I wound up in the ER and was then transferred to a private addiction hospital.  I made it to July 4th and got drunk with friends who know exactly what my issue is but seem to ignore it...Went off on another wild bender and was hospitalized again this time on a psychiatric hold as well for detox.  I tried to kill myself in September and it didn't work thankfully.  Two days in I asked to leave and I'll never forget the feeling when they said "NO you attempted suicide you cannot leave".  I guess I just subscribed to the idea that nothing would ever improve whats the point?  Type of stuff....After that I made it 18 days relapsed and I've been drinking heavily and daily since mid October.  ..A few weeks ago my boss pulled me aside and told me people have smelled it on me.  Mind you this is the same boss who let me take last minute vacation time to go to detox two times prior.  That's kind of when I realized shit was getting real.  I was bringing a pint of vodka to work and sipping on it all day to push away the withdrawl and anxiety...I've been dealing with chronic bronchitis so I wound up at the doctors office today and he smelled alcohol on my breath.  He is well aware of my history and he decided to ask me about it just at the end of the appointment...I had a slight breakdown and admitted everything.  The worst part of being active is being so lonely.  Putting that smile on for everyone so they leave you alone and think your okay keeping everyone at arms reach...He gave me Ativan and I took some time off from work.  I'll go back on Tuesday...I've been in and out of AA since 2007.  I never said a word or made any attempt to get a sponsor guess I still had some drinking left in me and knew it.  ..So in closing I'm sober and I haven't had a drink since noon.  I'm going to take the Ativan shortly and I have my cousin here who will monitor me for the next few days...Just a really lonely guy looking for some support..I'll get a sponsor this time.  And just maybe I"ll never have to deal with this again...Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your brave post. I can relate to the majority of what you say above though I have never been hospitalised nor placed on psychiatric hold (that's in no way a tribute to my self control more a combination of tremendous luck and well NHS in the UK is not big on prevention). I feel for you. This place has really helped me a lot because it's full of supportive non judgemental people who will be willing you on and providing encouragement whenever you need it. Consider n-acetyl cystine to help your liver regenerate (funnily enough it is also used to treat chronic bronchitis - it's a supplement not pharmacological but do check with the doctor for compatibility issues with ativan) - here's a good article on why it's  supposedly so good for you: .http://www.lef.org/magazine/2010/5/N-Acetyl-Cysteine/Page-01.It's good to hear you have someone looking out for you to make sure you're going to be ok. And we are all here too - just holler if you want to talk vent rant etc. Hugs and lots of luck!
Hello and welcome. Alcoholism has had a tight grip on you for some time. I remember what it felt like to have alcohol back me into a corner. I am happy you saw a doctor today and hope you will take care of yourself. Take the ativan as prescribed. It's also excellent to have someone there to keep you company. ..There's a link to the chatroom in the sidebar if you are interested in talking with folks. ..Stay in touch. You're not alone. There is hope. AA and a sponsor helped me find a sober satisfying life. This is the last time you have to go through detox. Hang in there and stay in touch. Thanks for your post. 
Damn sorry it's been so rough.  There is a way out though even if it doesn't seem like it...Don't forget about the IRC chatroom for the loneliness.  We're all in this together and we're all here to help...Take care of yourself.  You have success in you even if it doesn't feel like it.  This is the first day of the rest of your life.
Your story sounds really similar to mine except I didn't attempt to commit suicide. But they did lock me in the looney bin twice because I had suicidal ideations. I also did a quick taper at home without the assistance of medicine but could have benefited from it. ..Keep your friend close (did you say cousin?). My first day sober my mom hung out with me for a couple days. ..I would highly recommend going back to AA and getting in the middle of it quickly. Even while you're detoxing. Tell your story exactly as you told us. Say you need a sponsor and phone numbers. ..And drop those friends. I want to fucking beat their ass for you right now ;)..You can do it man. Check back in with us.
