-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xbg1l/someone_suggested_i_come_here/

Hi I'm 32 years old. I started drinking heavily and somewhat regularly at age 26 after being in an emotionally and verbally abusive relationship for a year it was also my first relationship ever. The next year at 27 he cheated on me and left me and I felt like my world was gone. Shortly after that I met my husband. He is an amazing man. Because I hid my alcoholic tendencies from everyone he didn't realize the extent of my drinking until after we were married. Everything came to a huge stop a year after that when I crashed our car into 2 parked cars and got arrested for dwi. I admitted to my lawyer and the court that I had an issue and was sent to court ordered rehab. During my rehab about 2 months in I found out I was 1 month pregnant. I stayed sober and had a beautiful baby girl. Also during this time my husband joined the military and left for boot camp. .I joined him at our new house when I was 6 months along and we started a new life. About 3 months after our daughter was born the stress started to get to me. I had been a working woman since the age of 16 always with something to do and somewhere to go and this was not the case anymore. In any case I relapsed. I told him and he cane home as soon as he could. I found a psychologist and sought help... Anyway over the past year we have been on a really long journey of me relapsing and him trying to help. I eventually put myself in a partial hospitalization program and now I am currently in a family based recovery program. But I still find my desire to drink outweighing the benefits of me not drinking. Yes I have people I can talk to I don't use them I'm very socially awkward especially about that. DCF has been involved and closed the case because I put myself into recovery programs and I have not had a drink since then unless someone else is there to care for my daughter. .But my husband and I were talking last night on the phone and when he is deployed he wants me to have some sort of good accountability that will help me because I am more tempted to drink when he's not around. So I have a few ideas but was wondering if y'all have any. And no I don't have a sponsor. I've been to a few AA meetings around here and everyone seems like their over the age of 50. On top of that I have pretty much been a black out drunk and how am I supposed to account for my wrongs when I can't remember them? Also being so incredibly socially awkward (I will avoid conversations in social situations whenever possible) how do I find a sponsor
----------immediate responses--------

Seems like the current state of your recovery program isn't intense enough would I be right in saying that?..Maybe trying inpatient again would help you. What sort of things did you learn in rehab that you would be willing to put into practice again?
I'm similar in age with a similar pattern including getting married without my spouse knowing the full extent of my issues with alcohol.  I have a 3 year old daughter.  I got out of a 3-day hospital detox last week and am also searching for the right "next step."..So far I have to say my favorite accountability mechanism has been this subreddit and my badge which I was excited to wake up today and see in double digits.  AA isn't really for me but I'm thinking of checking out SMART recovery so you may want to look into that.  google it and you can check if there are any meetings locally...The delay/distrct/decide board sounds like a great strategy and I'd encourage making this sub part of your distract options.  Everytime I start reading posts I become more sure that I don't want to drink today.  It's not the same as having a sponsor but I promise if you post a message equivalent to placing a call to a sponsor you will get some response and support...Best wishes hope to see you on here with a badge soon :)..
This place can help you. It is a very valuable resource. The people here are here because they care. Welcome. :)
