-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xbx4e/moving_out_of_the_sober_house/

207 days what at trip! I know we all peer down the long road of sobriety at day one and think that we will never make it this far hell even 10 days seems impossible but at some point you hit a good pace and things get different not easier but much more manageable. My training wheels have been on for the last 207 days. First with ~21 days in treatment and then living life in a sober house but now I will be back "on my own" to do whatever I please. I put that in quotes because I really have been free to do what I want plenty of people have relapsed around me but I like having a place to live so I haven't drank. ..So now what? The question on every one's mind is "Do you think you'll start drinking again?" I don't have an answer to that question. I think for a second about the answer they want to hear and decided to *not* give that one and instead be honest. "I'm not sure. All I know is I'm going to just try to keep being happy." Old me would have said "Nope! No way am I drinking!" ..Then I start to ask myself the question... Boy it would be nice to drink. New place new memories new people in my life. I get as much privacy as I want! I really am free to drink if I feel compelled to. The only thing that stops this sort of romantic thinking about the drinking is the realization that I might not be able to stop if I start. Right now it seems really possible to go out and have a few drinks go home and have a few more go to bed and get up for school and be fine. Something in me says that's totally possible and I'm really truly sure that people have done that successfully. I like to consider myself realistic with my expectations and a part of that is realizing that I might be able to do that but I might also drink and drink and drink until I get myself into a bad place. ..I just need to get this all out really. Most days I feel like it's inevitable and not even a really bad thing for me to start drinking. My life right now seems much simpler and emotionally I feel great. I know one thing for sure though the next few weeks will be the ultimate test.  ...And one more thing for all the new folks who don't think it's possible to scrape together more than 3 days sober. Ask for help if you need it! Don't wait until you're pinned down to the ground in your apartment by paramedics because you're ODing on heroin. That's like the worst time to ask for help (although it might be the most obvious). What really helped me was the sober house. Great people. Shout out to the St. Paul sober community. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Action_hero_name. I'm just sitting here with my mouth gaping open figuratively anyway. I'm not sure I understand how you can come out of an experience needing treatment and a protected environment to thinking that drinking isn't so bad. Can you lead me through what got you to the point of entering treatment and why risking repeating that or worse sounds reasonable at this point? Or why you feel like you're not at risk for going down that path again. ..I'm asking in seriousness--not trying to be snarky. It just seems that your thinking is at odds with your experience so maybe I'm missing something. Or not. Anyway help a fella out if you would. 
I just moved out a sober house too... Very similar stats on area and sober time.....I guess if you think you can wind up drinking responsibly that's all you. I would caution entertaining that line of thinking. For me I know yeah I could drink. Maybe I might even get away with it and not have a shitty time. What I do know for a fact is that if I do wind up drinking I won't be able to stop. That doesn't mean I will get drunk in one night what that means is that if I drink I will wind up right where I was before. It doesn't have to take a day to be a shitty outcome. Keep that in mind when you're thinking about drinking. It doesn't have to be just once to get you in a terrible place but its often that once that leads there.
Good for you! I needed those training wheels too at first. ..You've got some great resources in your community (and in /sd!) Here's to learning to live sober and enjoying all the benefits therein. :)
&gt;  Right now it seems really possible to go out and have a few drinks go home and have a few more go to bed and get up for school and be fine. Something in me says that's totally possible and I'm really truly sure that people have done that successfully..I'm not %100 sure I understand what you are saying. If you ask me someone who goes out and has a few drinks in general has already had more than enough (assuming they aren't an alcoholic) you shouldn't go home after and have a few drinks especially alone.  You can't do that.  On top of that a good time shouldn't be associated with drinking alcohol. A good time is good time with friends. Someone posted a funny topic in SD a while ago that said if you want to know who your real friends are then stop drinking. Some truth to that...A "normal" person drinks occasionally for the flavor not for the tingly high that alcohol gives a non-alcoholic. ..Moderation is a touchy debate that isn't popular in /r/stopdrinking but it's not possible especially if you have the idea that more than one drink is going to happen on occasion. ..Again I'm not %100 sure I know where you are going with this but it sounds risky and not worth it. ..You say you have had your training wheel on for 207 days taking them off doesn't mean drinking again.  To me it means you are capable of sobriety no matter what the test is you are no longer an apprentice but a journeyman. ..Maybe tell the people in your life why you don't drink and alcohol simply won't be involved in what ever you do. ...I don't know it's your decision. It makes me worry  a lot.
&gt; Most days I feel like it's inevitable and not even a really bad thing for me to start drinking. My life right now seems much simpler and emotionally I feel great. ...Isn't that clarity and emotional health dependent on abstinence? I wish I knew more about your story because it seems like coming out of a sober living house the obvious goal would be to stay sober because whatever brought you there would not be desirable to go back to. Did you just go there because you needed a place to live? My SO made himself homeless from drinking at one point in our relationship I'm genuinely interested in your mindset.
&gt;Most days I feel like it's inevitable and not even a really bad thing for me to start drinking. My life right now seems much simpler and emotionally I feel great. I know one thing for sure though the next few weeks will be the ultimate test...Dude... I think there may be a correlation between sobriety your life being simpler and feeling great emotionally. That's a common result of sobriety. If you decide to drink all of that will be gone in a matter of seconds. .. I spent the first 3 months in a SL house too. I'll tell you a story about my experience since leaving there. There were 12 guys in the house. Of those 12 3 have maintained sobriety since leaving(including myself). As for the rest 1 is doing life in prison(3rd strike law) and 2 are confirmed dead. The 3 of us that are still sober have maintained by continuing to be active in recovery. I really hope that you change your mind because it sounds like your disease is trying to sell you snake oil right now. PM me if you'd like to talk.
You can have the drink and drugs or you can have everything else your choice.
&gt; The only thing that stops this sort of romantic thinking about the drinking is the realization that I might not be able to stop if I start...Congratulations one the 207 days.  But I think romantacizing alcohol is a very dangerous thing. ..&gt; Right now it seems really possible to go out and have a few drinks go home and have a few more go to bed and get up for school and be fine.  Something in me says that's totally possible and I'm really truly sure that people have done that successfully...Sure some people can do that successfully.   They do that once in a while maybe to blow off some steam then they don't think about alcohol again for days or weeks.  Those people aren't alcoholics.  The amount of thought you've put into this--the fact that all you're thinking about while preparing your new life is that you are now free to start drinking again--tells me you are not one of those people.  ..&gt; My life right now seems much simpler and emotionally I feel great...Because you're sober.  I'm guessing it won't be very quickly if you start drinking again.
ITT: much wisdom from commenters 
