-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xci2d/four_days_sober/

When does this tiredness end? I'm not used to having to drag myself out of bed despite my constant drinking except for after I completely overdo it like last weekend. Of course jumping out of bed on my "regular" drinking days is probably just because the alcohol hasn't let me sleep properly...Yesterday I started thinking about how tired I always get after a work week of not drinking (when I actually manage to get through one less and less frequently as time has passed) and how I would reward myself by drinking because it had obviously been a hard busy week and I needed a break. I am now realizing that tiredness at this point is still part of the detox/recovery system not because I'm healthy and tired from a productive week. I feel like I've spent the better part of my adult life in recovery when not drinking. Actually I know that's true...I didn't have any major cravings yesterday. I was feeling nervous about today (Friday) so I made some sober plans for tonight and tomorrow night. Afterwards I immediately felt anxious and regretted having made them as having these plans makes it a lot harder to relapse which part of my brain wants the option to do. I am not going to give myself that option though...I don't think that I've abstained from alcohol for four consecutive days in at least two months. My idea of a work week has become shorter and shorter (Sunday evening is still the weekend Thursday is practically there). It's a little milestone for me. Actually so is five days (three or four months) and seven days (I truly can't remember... a year? two?). ..This is exhausting but it's going to be worth it. Thank you all for your support kind words and suggestions this week. On to day five not going to drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I totally underestimated how much damage I did to my body and brain in the days weeks months and (in my case) years before I stopped drinking.  It took some time for my body and brain to heal and this is why I was so tired and slept so much in the early days of sobriety.  When I talk about [the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) I allude to the fact that in early sobriety you should focus ONLY on going to bed sober since my experience was that I was a pretty exhausted in early sobriety.  This changes usually in a matter of weeks but really take it easy--that's one of the reasons AAs say Easy Does It.
I recognize that cycle of alcohol induced fatigue followed by a drinking reward followed by a period of alcohol induced fatigue (ad infinitum). It was a good 6 weeks before I had a decent sleep. After that I discovered a number of health issues I had been ignoring so I can't safely say when a typical person starts to feel rested but it did come. Be good to yourself. I made sober plans to and took lots of naps to make sure I kept my eye on the prize. Take care :)
Everybody's different of course. I slept a lot in the first few weeks. I'm not sure if I was extra tired or if I was using sleep as some sort of escape. "I can't crave a drink if I'm asleep."..Sober plans are great especially for the first while...You're clearly doing very well.
I get you on the sleep thing.  I'm getting **great** sleep and also an insane amount of it.  I was frustrated with it at first because I was accustomed to go go go and push push push. I conciously didn't like passing out on the couch at 8:30 from complete and natural system shut down but my body *loves* it. If you can accept it and give in. Let your body sleep to its heart content. It knows what it needs you just have to let it do it. ..My own phase is just starting to let up and I feel like I'm heading toward balancing out now. I've stayed up to 12:30am twice this week lol!  And the best part has been waking up refreshed and alert.  I'm beginning to think that woman that stayed up till 3:30am drinking on work nights and getting up at 7 was insane. 
My first week was a headache and a big ball of nervous energy that left me deep down exhausted..Thank god I did not "cure" it by drinking..But looking back the first week pretty much just sucked..By the same token I can't believe we get off that easy after so many years of abuse..I have had other addictions that took at least a full year to even begin to feel normal again after quitting...Here's to a sober weekend!
Your body is healing and you need sleep. Take time to rest and take care of yourself. I find it takes about three weeks to start feeling normal after quitting. It doesn't mean your life will be all poodles and Christmas after that but the serious physiological stuff is out of the way by that time. 
It took me a couple of weeks to get out of the fog of detox. I couldn't sleep for shit and I always felt lightheaded. By day 14 at the latest it was all cleared up and I felt better than ever. I still remember that first night of amazing sleep it was soooo worth it. Keep it up you're doing great. 
