-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xdabl/on_lying_venting_about_a_drinking_dream/

First I can hardly believe I haven't had a drink in 68 days. This community is beyond helpful. Your stories and comments have helped open my eyes to the severity of my problem provided strategies for coping with my insane thinking helped push me through the door to my first meeting and helped me slog through difficult times with your reminders that it gets better. Thank you...Against my better judgment I've been entertaining some thoughts lately about how "nice" or "simple" it would be to have "a few" drinks. When these kinds of thoughts pass through my mind often I manage to reject them. But I admit I'm beginning to indulge them. Experienced people say relapses start before the first drink and they also say not to isolate. I'm working on listening to suggestions so here goes. Mind dump forthcoming...I have drinking dreams here and there. I realize they are common and I enjoy viewing them as warnings or "practice" runs. It's like playing the tape forward in 3D with talking cats. But the dream I had last night really stood out to me. It was less about the drinking and more about the alcoholic mentality (I guess that applies to a lot of things)...In my dream chugging from a bottle of brandy just "happened" to me. That is I looked at the bottle felt a sense of dread and the next thing I knew it was upside down with my mouth around it. In waking life I haven't been near an open container of alcohol since I quit so this is the kind of impulse control disaster that still terrifies me. It's as though I haven't internalized that I get to be in charge of my own mouth. I know logically that all the choices to drink were mine but it's easy to feel like I was possessed by a monster that could resurface at any time. Anyway I got pretty drunk in my dream and quickly too. But it's what happened next that really made it a nightmare...Ever since day 30 or so if I'm having a hard day I write my day count on the inside of my wrist. Sometimes I take a picture. So I have a cute little gallery now and the "tattoos" provide a reminder of how far I've come and what I would be giving up if I were to say use that hand to lift a drink to my mouth. Anyway in my dream as soon as the alcohol took effect I found a pen and scrawled "68" (today's number) on my wrist. My handwriting was sloppy. Immediately I began planning for how I would play it off on /r/stopdrinking and not reset my badge because I was only going to drink this one time and it was practically an accident anyway so I didn't really do anything. I envisioned myself collecting my 90 day token from AA as though nothing had happened. I was preparing conversations with my parents in my head about how well I was doing sober. In the back of my mind I wasn't even buying my own shit! I knew I would keep drinking once I'd broken the charm of honest accountability and I knew I was lying to myself and I knew it wouldn't feel good at all to live a lie and I just kept strategizing...It felt panicky. At no point during the dream did I get the bright idea to just fess up and keep moving forward. It was all lies and minimization. It was exhausting and sad. Incidentally while I was stumbling and unable to write clearly there was no euphoric component to the dream intoxication. Just an alienating mindfuck. I had almost forgotten that part. But that's what happens when I drink. I lie. "I'm okay. I have the flu. I'm just running late. I've got this. I'm just tired. I can afford it. I like drinking." It's as sickening as a hangover...Usually I wake up from drinking dreams with a sense of accomplishment and relief once I realize where I am. Not so much this time. My heart just feels heavy and weird. I'm so sick of lying to myself and consequently everyone; I can't run away from those days fast enough. It sucks that there's a drug out there which inspires me to such twisted thinking. I also have a dumb little voice telling me that this dream means I'm too obsessed with sobriety. "Why do you care so much whether other people think you're not drinking? Just have a drink already and relax; all this worry isn't good for you." GAH!! SHUT! UP! ALREADY! ..So plenty to think about. Thanks for reading. A line from [this comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w7e7i/when_does_the_guilt_subside/coot740) by /u/RandomExcess has been on my mind this week: "I am the architect of the rubble I left behind." Not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking dreams are probably your brain's way of keeping you sober. Check out the FAQ there's a really interesting post linked in there...&gt; First I can hardly believe I haven't had a drink in 68 days...Believe it!  ..This is *your* life.  Do what you want to do.  Be the person *you* want to be.  Make the most of it.  It's the only one you're gonna get. 
First of all I LOVE that idea you had of writing your number on your wrist when you are having a rough day. That is brilliant! Please spread that advice :)..Do you have any outlets for your anxiety and worry besides drinking? While I don't believe you are obsessed with sobriety (it takes a lot of conscious thought to avoid alcohol!) it does seem to me that you need an outlet for your stress. ..Do you have anyone to talk to about the dreams you are having? Verbalizing them to someone (in addition to this community) can help keep you in check. ..Congrats on 68 days! That's big! Keep it up /u/ybahent!
Sometimes when I wake up in the morning I have a really hard time shaking off the vibe of whatever dream I was just having. I've discovered I have to be pretty firm with myself about checking out of that dream world and back into reality so that I don't set the tone for my day by indulging in that haunted feeling. ..Congrats on 9 weeks that's such solid work!
Are we the same person?  Seriously I just posted a similar dream that I had last night.  For me I had disconnected with the lying manipulator that is my alcoholic brain and *I think* the dream was a reminder that it's still in there waiting patiently to catch me off guard.  Take heart that the other part of your brain the strong healthy sober part is there to give you warnings (like the dream) and fight for your sobriety.  Be kind to yourself tonight.  I am not drinking with you!  
I love the idea of a day count on my wrist. I have a tattoo on the inside of my left wrist with a space just perfect for a number to be written in. In fact between reading your post and writing this a little "8" got inscribed in there. ..Eight. Shit. It feels like a lifetime. At least once a day my mind tells me "Yes yes. You've made your point. Now can we go and have a beer?"
