-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xeugp/struggling_today/

The last 10 days have been pretty easy. Today I am struggling. Words of wisdom would be greatly appreciated...Edit: I made it. Thanks guys. Feels good to be headed to the gym at 6:45am on a sat instead of throwing up hungover.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm struggling too. I've been sober for months but the circumstances of life are catching up with me...I can tell you this one thing: Every morning I get up not hung over feels really good to me. When I first stopped drinking I had to remind myself of that again and again just to get through an evening. Most of the time after the first little while I didn't have to so much...Maybe if you can push through this you'll experience the same.
I'm glad you chose to come here and reach out for some help. For me asking for help and thinking through why I want to drink helps alot- I don't ever seem to actually want to drink I'm just trying to solve some problem I don't have another handy solution to- bored lonely anxious too many emotions firing at once whatever. That recognition alone usually derails the drinking idea and gets me back to a more concrete problem to solve. Or at least evens me out some...Hang in there and hang out here if you don't know what else to do....it's what I am doing!
I logged in to the IRC thing over in the sidebar and I think it's really going to help. You might want to try it too ==========&gt;
You and me both man. Been a weird day. A lot of opportunities to imbibe and not a lot of reasons not to. Stay strong. I'm telling myself I won't regret it in the morning. Hope you feel the same
While we try to evaluate if we should have a drink or not just remember why we started this sober journey in the first place. Self control without guilt and shame. No more bed spins and hangovers in the morning. Stay connected with SD. It helps me when I feel vulnerable and think I can have just one drink. Ha who am I fooling. Tomorrow your liver will thank you and the self respect will make you smile! Tonight I choose...not to drink!
[deleted]
