-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xex23/my_subconscious_mind_is_a_wise_mofo/

I'm closing in on 90 days which feels monumental to me.  I've been going through "the feels" ever since around day 30 or so and they come and go.  Some days I feel on top of the world other days I lay in my bed sobbing.  (Quite literally.)  Despite this I have not had the urge to relapse and drink.  Some latent super-power in my soul has risen up and helped me maintain a sense of balance and incredibly curiosity through all the emotions.  I'll find myself exploring the feeling of weight pressing down on my solar plexus and tightening around my throat when I start feeling sad.  For the most part I've been able to just observe the sensations and watch them go.  And to actually realize that they WON'T stay forever!  (A revelation for my sober mind feelings of self-loathing are not permanent!!)..Anyway so this morning I went to bed feeling like a rock star (I work third shift) and woke up a few hours later terrified from a relapse dream.  It went like this: I was with my dad at his retirement party which was being held at a bar.  I ordered the two of us screwdrivers (not something I ever drank WTH) and sucked mine down before allowing my brain to engage in any critical thinking ability.  The second the glass was empty I sank down into the deepest sense of remorse.  I felt so incredibly disappointed in myself.  I walked away from the party to a dark corner of the bar and began to stew in the feelings of failure and pity.  I also began immediately wondering if I should lie about the relapse and how (my once again dominant) alcoholic brain was going to justify all of this to itself.  I woke up thinking I had actually relapsed.  I contemplated getting out of bed and requesting a badge reset (this is my first post I am quite a prolific lurker though and this sub has been invaluable to me.)..Slowly I realized that it had just been a dream and my mind calmed down.  I put on my "be kind and nurture yourself" meditation music and closed my eyes.  That sober super-hero inside of me started giving me wisdom.  She made me realize that I have actually been playing with the thought that maybe I could handle just one drink now.  The thoughts were whispers that sounded like *I have been so strong in my sobriety I almost have three months maybe I could enjoy a beer with my husband at dinner.  A glass of wine with my dad.  Maybe I've got this alcohol thing under control now.*  For me these thoughts are so dangerous!  I have never been able to moderate; if I had one beer I would have them all.  That alcoholic brain is such a bastard hoping I would forget the struggle of the first few weeks (I will not drink this hour I will not drink this hour) trying to lull me back into its grip with promises of strength and that *it will be different this time trust me.*..Thank God for my subconscious super-hero sending my sleeping brain messages that my lucid brain would probably have been too proud to hear.  ..I will NOT drink today.  I will NOT wake up hungover tomorrow!  I will embrace this weekend completely sober!  Anybody want to join me?!    
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 80 days...I haven't had a drinking dream for a while but I remember that I woke up really upset and ashamed last time too...It feels so real...Keep it up!
Great story. I am always grateful for drinking dreams because they remind me how horrified I would be if I really threw away my sobriety. There's nothing like that relief when you realize it was only a dream. I agree it feels like my subconscious is reminding me that yes you are an alcoholic and yes it would suck if you drank again.
Drinking dreams are the worst. That moment when you wake up and think they actually happened and you are going to be hungover....then figure out it was a dream...what a panic moment!
I hope your Friday night is going awesome! I won't drink with you! :)
This is a great story YOU are a super-hero. That alcoholic brain is a bastard.
