-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xfph3/the_old_me_is_the_best_reminder_to_the_new_me/

Day 55: kitten did not imbibe. Did my  morning mantra I am an alcoholic I will not drink today but I love myself and am working a solution. ..I was angry and irritated today at everything. Not sure why but I felt better after a meeting. I also had an urge to drink this evening so the meeting helped with that. Sometimes it's easy to forget that drunk woman who didn't think she'd make it through her first sober week. That woman who didn't think she could live down that shame and guilt. That woman who went into her first AA meeting and had to do everything in her control not to cry only to cry on the shoulder of a complete stranger afterwards. That woman who couldn't even remember what she did that one night to make a guy she kinda liked tell her to leave him alone. In today's meeting I was reminded that I CANNOT forget that woman because that woman will keep me sober. Tonight I won't drink for her because 55 days ago all she wanted to do was never drink or feel that way again...As I was driving home from dinner tonight I went through a part of town I spent a lot of time partying in several years ago. Apart of me longed for those drinking days I remember them being fun. Then I really thought about it and how it had turned into something that wasn't fun. There were a lot of messed up things that happened that I rationalized away as just a part of drinking when they shouldn't have been. My alcoholism had tricked me into thinking that all those other times I drank I didn't have a problem. It was trying to make me think that my alcoholism started 55 days ago. But it's wrong I've had a problem since the day I started drinking and I've been an alcoholic for a long time now. It was only until 55 days ago that I was able to admit it and try to do something about it...I can't let these 55 days trick me into thinking I've "beat" something because in the blink of an eye I *know* I can relapse and be worse off. I wanted to drink earlier but I did what I needed to do so I didn't and I did something that helped me actually have a goodnight instead of white knuckling it at home. I am extremely grateful to have something in my life that directs me to do what's good for myself and my sobriety...Thanks for reading fellow SD'ers and sobies stay safe out there tonight tonight seems prone to car crashes I've already seen two. Kitten out. 
----------immediate responses--------

I love your posts. Your journey and the chronicles you do are just so great. I'm really happy for you.  Almost 60 days! Huge! ..Have a wonderful evening. :)
Congratulations on 55 days 
Good post kitten...Glad you were able to recognize that even fleeting feelings of drinking need to be addressed and dealt with for what they are. Fleeting feelings.
Thanks for your wonderful post! I always look forward to seeing them when I browse SD. Keep up the good work! 
I love your posts Kitten! Also it seems like AA meetings are always taking me to some part of town where something poignant happened. I guess because they're getting me out of my house and out of my comfort zone and making me go places again!
&gt;I can't let these 55 days trick me into thinking I've "beat" something because in the blink of an eye I know I can relapse and be worse off...[Smart kitten flushing that piece of poo thought.](http://i.myniceprofile.com/1363/136306.gif)
