-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xgmha/what_is_the_point_of_sober_living/

I struggled in early sobriety to overcome my alcoholism my drinking habits my ingrained alkie-thinking my physical and mental recovery and once I achieved a "level of clear" meaning I was no longer in the throes of alcoholism I had to ask myself: now what? What is the point of SOBER living?..I have my answer: freedom happiness and maybe achieving my authentic self (not there yet) but I want to hear your answer.
----------immediate responses--------

For me I think I was searching for happiness and peace and thought I could find that in a bottle.  It wasn't there.  For me the point of sober living is developing my relationship with God and leading a more spiritually fulfilling life.  I think I was basically looking for God happiness and peace in a bottle and he wasn't there so now I'm looking elsewhere for those things.
I wanna play. Also: making strong genuine connections with others. 
I cannot answer. Though I do not drink I am not sure I am SOBER. The capitalized version of that word points an accusatory finger toward all my stinking little habits.
For me it's to give myself a chance at developing the skills to pursue what I'm passionate about as a career. And definitely "achieving my authentic self" that's high up there.
I'm a newbie when it comes to sobriety but I can tell you in the almost 2 weeks I have been sober it has definitely been about happiness self-discovery and self- love. :)
My point in sober living is a lot of things but the short list is that I don't recognize myself anymore and I do not like at all the person that took over my life. I want me back and I want that before it's too late. 
I think you hit the nail on the head CC. I just want to be happy and free. There is so much hope and possibility for adventure in sober living. Sober living means loving life again:)
For me the number one point would be freedom because without it none of the rest would be possible...Gah....there is so much to sober life that makes to worth it to me so it's hard to narrow down... I think it's the most simple and base things that connect me to the world around me make it not just worthwhile but beautiful. The bunny tracks in the snow dotted with their little round poopy droppings...makes me wonder how their winter is fairing; the birds that I heard calling while I was doing the dishes this morning that I hadn't heard since last fall; the warmth in my feet from my dog laying across them right now. ..All these little wondrous things around me I was oblivious to while I was drinking. Sometimes I would catch glimpses of them while I was drinking but they were soon forgotten instead of being given the lasting respect they were due. And the hours in the day leading up to drinking were so completely focused on getting to that first drink of the day that I had no eyes to see anything else around me. ..Connecting with these things on a daily basis grounds me to this life and brings me peace. ..Again thank you for the thought provoking question CC. :-)
Being the best mom I can be.  I can't be a drunk mom I could kill my kid.  I want to be the kind of mom that goes to PTA meetings not the one who can't help with homework because she's drunk...I need to be sober for to give my little boy the best chance he can have at growing up to be a stable well-adjusted happy adult.
The point of living sober for me today is that I am capable of making choices to live feel love care and make bad decisions mistakes errors etc. All with the knowledge that it's all okay. I do my best with every day and try to forgive others and myself. I get to see the world around me with perceived clarity and I feel a sense of purpose I did not have before. 
I don't drink because life is easier without the booze.  I don't have to try so hard to do well anything.  ..I put down the 100lb rock I was carrying around.  Life is still difficult sometimes and sometimes it is beautiful but without carrying that rock I have a real chance to be be who I want to be...
Your answer is mine as well. Thank you for this. :)
Sober living is being real. 
You don't have to worry about as much. Money situation is better when and where is my next drink? Don't need to know that. Anxiety levels drop significantly once you make it through a certain period of time for me it was a month or so. My body is in the best shape it has even been. You need me to continue? I could go on for awhile.
Jeez Crosby... I just woke up and here you have me all deep-thinking and whatnot:) ..I don't have a good answer to that question yet. I don't yet know what the point of sober living is. But I *do* know with complete certainty that living sober is far preferable (and easier) than the alternative of living with my self-imposed sickness that I cultivated for so many years. ..I'd be lying though if I didn't admit to having a nagging feeling of "is that all there is?"  That feeling isn't drinking-related however. I just kept it at bay for most of my life *by* drinking. 
Living well. Laughing. Loving myself. 
When I stopped drinking caffeine I learned that I could wake up happy and ready to start my day without having to look to something external. ..Same thing with alcohol only a bit more broad. I am no longer recovering from the last drink or thinking about the next drink. I'm not anxious about how many are left or hurriedly rushing to the bathroom again. ..Content. That's the best way to put it. I often feel content. It's nice. 
It is everything you stated plus the opportunity for continual personal growth exploring and challenging my potential and building real meaningful relationships. There is also the benefit of living in an HD world. I never noticed just how good the resolution is with reality.
When alcohol wasn't a pressing problem I had a direction to my life even while I was drinking but as I aged and once my tolerance reached the point where alcohol was 2 hours of fun and 22 hours of suffering I lost my sense of confidence and control in my life....My purpose in life is now clearer to me and it is a lot easier to move forward one step at a time without all of the side steps and backward steps that alcohol created for me....Beating a tough addiction is surprisingly fun once you get the hang of it.
For me a couple of things. One I'm as happy as I have ever been and two I have options...On the one hand I can drink. On the other I can have everything else. Seems like such an easy choice but it's not. Now instead of my world revolving around alcohol i have the freedom do anything I desire.
My mood has been crazy good these last few weeks. So I'm gonna enjoy that for now. People always told me my mood would improve when I gave up alcohol but I never believed them :( now I feel dumb for wasting all that time in a drunken lala land
Unfortunately I think the point of sober living is to make solid human connections...I say "unfortunately" because I suck at it and because so many of my human connections have been very painful.  ..Don't get me wrong all the other stuff -- getting healthier having a clean house not driving drunk writing your own opera whatever -- is utterly wonderful.   But if I have to name "the point" of it all I have to go with human connection.   
My point in sober living is freedom to make choices. It means having a satisfying productive generous joyous  life. ..[Nice to "see" you CC]
Have a continuous life where I can accumulate the good things I want without interruption or having to start over because of blackouts or recovering from alcohol abuse.
I saw this post and thought "Oh no this is going to be a cheesy acronym for the word SOBER." Hehe..I have kept journals throughout my entire life and they have gone from "Today I fond a bug outsid" to more in depth explorations of my thoughts/emotions. I'm 28 and was drinking too much from age 23-27ish. When I look back I can see a drastic change in my writing my mindset and my general attitude towards life. Now that I have stopped drinking my writing has gone back to what I consider normal....I sound happier I am living my experiences I am not down on myself all of the time and I am having more fun going out with people and spending time with friends/family than I ever did when drinking. It just feels like a huge weight has been taken off my shoulders and it's such a relief...So the point of sober living for me is just living life normally...not shackled with a heavy and depressing weight that needs to be carried around all the time.
 Thanks for asking this question CC.  Each answer being given is so poignant and thoughtful. A small book full of these sitting in waiting rooms of a rehab center would be perfect. So much hope! 
My sober living point is to fulfill the drunken fantasies I had of a better me but which I couldn't possibly achieve because of the barrier of my addiction.  I'm not there but I am happily progressing along the continuum of discovery that I don't see ending.
Socrates once said "The unexamined life is not worth living."  When I honestly assessed and examined my life it became abundantly clear that alcohol had no place.  For me sobriety is necessary if I am ever to be honest with myself.
The point of sober living is just that: living. I am no longer avoiding life at every possible turn but instead am engaging it confronting it shaping it as best I can to a form that is pleasing and rewarding to me...I used booze as the ultimate escape from life and now I actually *enjoy* life and have little desire (and infrequently) to leave it behind or wash it away..
To get to know me I don't know the real me I don't know who I am behind the mask of drugs/or alcohol I am 26 and havent been sober since I was 14 for more then a week. I Just want to get to know who I really am. I want to be a better wife and better daughter and friend. I want to build relationships instead of burning bridges which I have become really good at. I want to do something with my life instead of ending up just a drunk like my parents have. ..sorry for the rant the question got the best of me. 
I'll take it a step further sober living takes you to the doorway to recovery...Through that door are the tools to reduce or eliminate the demons dragons and other denizens who dwelled in the murky swamp of my alcoholic brain.  ..With them gone joy is possible where before it was just a concept which I thought could be attained by 'wheeee'...With them gone - perspective is possible particularly on my proper size and place in the universe. (I am no longer trying to swim upstream like a salmon into the mouth of a waiting bear no longer walking in avalanche zones. Yet at the same time able to recognize my attributes skills and talents - and make appropriate use of them...I could go on but I am learning what is enough.
No longer having to lie constantly has been a HUGE weight off my shoulders.  If you'd asked me while I was drinking how often I lied I would have honestly said once or twice a week (Gotta love selective amnesia).  But looking back now I was lying constantly to make sure the lies I'd told previously still sounded plausible.  That was a lot of mental strain that's gone now...I have a meaningful social life!  On the rare occasions I'd go out with people while I was drinking for every 2 hours we'd be out I'd have maybe 30 minutes of memory of it the next morning.  So far as memories go (which is really all we've got in life) that's not a lot of socializing.  I constantly felt that I never got to see anyone.  Nowadays I remember nearly all of what happens when I'm out with friends and I'm spending a lot less money (hooray for free diet coke refills!) for those memories too.  It feels so much better to have these memories now :)..Paranoia is largely a thing of the past.  I've heard a lot of people share about being afraid of having others find out their drinks had alcohol in them and my paranoia went beyond that.  I was constantly checking with myself over *how long my sips were*... how crazy is that? "Was that sip the length of a regular sip of water? Or was that a swig-length sip?" or "Am I drinking this 'soda' the same speed as I drank my actual soda yesterday?" It was insane.  The closest thing I've had to paranoia during recovery was wondering one day if anyone had noticed that I was wearing one black sock and one blue sock because I overslept and rushed to get dressed that morning...The last (almost) 22 months have been without a doubt the best of my life.
Simplicity.
From my perspective it is about connection with God / Spirit and how it is in everything - trees the sunshine animals other people myself. My gradually cleaner body and mind is able to feel and know these connections which I believe are a natural part of who we are.
Being sober doesn't give you a super-life. I bet a lot of relapses come from people who thought that it would completely transform them into totally different awesome people and then were disappointed that they were still stuck with themselves. It removes a lot of shit that was  preventing us from having real achievements real relationships real happiness - but we still have to work for or even fight for those things.
more time and money for La Croix
Exploring the parts of life that have been hidden from me. I used to blame external things alcohol and other addictions allowed me to believe those lies. Now that I'm fully aware that the problems are of perception and fear I have a clear path to embracing the life I always wanted. This path isn't easy and goes against years of conditioning and training. I backslide often which doesn't necessarily mean I drink again but instead when I start believing the lies I used to tell myself. There are still more lies to understand and fears to uncover but the further along I go the easier it becomes to choose that which feeds my soul rather than rather than the choices I thought I was supposed to embrace.
Clarity.
 two reasons i dont drink is: 1) when i do i do things to hurt the ones around me 2) when I do I get in trouble. Been arrested 6 or 7x every time I was drunk. 
i can finally write again! took 3 yrs of boredom and loneliness but i recently met a girl and inspiration came back like a flood.
For me? The respect of my kids. It's everything.
To finally enjoy video games and books again. Sounds silly but I quit when my alcoholism took control. 
All of a sudden life got pretty fucking cool and I don't want to lose that!
sometimes i confuse being sober with being bored. it's not that i really want to get all effed up i'm just really bored. weed helps. but alcohol is something to do. 8 or 9 drinks and listening to the Eagles all night. or launching tirades on Facebook. whatever you're doing it is more fun with a drink in your hand. so for me being sober means being really bored at night. i fell awesome in the mornings and my job is a million times easier but it's filling those evening and weekend hours without alcohol that's not so easy..
Not dying young so I can be there for my family and freedom to live how I want to live not how booze wants me to live. I've had my ups and downs through this journey of getting sober and the question you are asking has been a struggle to me too. The answer is so simple now and so easy to say. I hate who I am when I'm drinking and so does everyone else around me. I love who I am when I'm sober and so does everyone else around me. I don't want to be a slave to poison anymore. 
Getting somewhere in life. Finding out who I *really* am and exploring new interests. :) In the beginning I couldn't imagine life without booze. I was both mentally and physically so drained of energy and life so in the beginning it was all about getting into some sort of working daily routines again however meaningless they seemed right then. Today I can't live without those routines. I'm actually excited about my future and everything it has to bring. I'm open to trying new things and when you find something you're good at or something you enjoy that you never knew you could... It's like getting a natural high man. When I drank I thought there was no life outside of my drinking routines. Goes to show how isolated I was how my world had shrunk so small. Now I know that there are endless oppurtunities out there just waiting for me! Of course I have days when I feel bad or doubt myself but it's nothing near the mess I was before I quit. :) 
Better physical health and feeling more in control. But considering I still have bipolar disorder and I haven't found the right treatment for it I still feel like shit mentally ... maybe worse because alcohol was self-medication. ..So despite lots of soul searching I'm miserable sober. However I'm sticking to it. Hopefully being sober will make my meds work better. I hope that I'll feel better mentally soon. 
The responses have been beautiful such a stirring post /u/coolcrosby...I would like to add to all these benefits that SOBER LIVING has given me back the ability to sleep. For years I would pass out now I sleep stir dream and rest. 
For me it means I am finally getting out of my own way. 
In my case I didn't really have a choice. First time around I had a solvent exposure issue at work that pissed of my liver and messed up my BP. So 7 months unwillingly clean and sober. Hating life.... :D ..Still was NOTHING compared to quitting speed and other things... With speed after you get clean you just know you never wanna do that shit again(getting clean that is and have the nagging addiction for YEARS). ..So either stay clean or do it until you die. Meh fuck it I'll just get a double mocha espresso and maybe d some b12 drops. :D ..Booze not so much. I did a few beers after the clean period but nothing crazy. Went to a different town for my job and did just a little more and a little more booze. Bad .reactions so cut down or quit for a while. ..Got kinda drunk and crazy seasonal affective disorder plus booze bad plan! Quit that .and have been cycling down for a time. ..Every now and then I'll get some IPA or some specialty beer. 6 pack a week or less. Just because the nagging is too annoying. No desire to pound a fifth and be sick for a week. lol! And then back to being clean for 4-5 weeks. ..Yeah I'm a BAD example of sober living I guess. Well for beer at least. Except for all the other AA members who have 5-10-15 year chips yet do a shot of their favorite before every meeting. :D 
All the things I wanted and was depressed about when I was drinking sobriety has given me.  I've been sober four months and I am getting in great shape got good friends that actually care about me still working on finding the right girl but I am kicking ass in school and working toward a career that I will be proud of.  Sobriety has returned me back to the ambitious man I was in high school before I discovered the drink.  Most of all I am not ashamed of myself anymore.  I greet the day with a "fuck yeah" attitude and feel a renewed sense of confidence.  Sobriety is the point for me.  
From the title of this post I thought this was a post which was heading south. Thankfully it's not!..Sober living for me means more money a better frame of mind no hangovers and closer friendships. No drink has ever brought me this much relief and happiness and I owe much of this new frame of mind to this sub.   
To me it's simply about being present. Can't count the amount of conversations I had that I couldnt remember. The hours I sat idle and lost in a fog. All the mornings I couldn't think through the suffocating fatigue...No more wasted time. I'm much more satisfied with life these days (even though sobriety means facing problems rather than shutting them out) and that's enough reason for me.
Life. I can remember it all the good and bad joyful and tormenting.
The point of sober living for me was/is to stop the potential destruction of current relationships and begin to actually relate to others and myself instead of through the warped and distorted "relating' through drink. 
I stopped drinking 4/25/13. I was constantly tired and barely wanted to get out of bed if not to drown my fatigue with more whiskey. I didn't have a job was kicked out of my home and dumped by my boyfriend and was on the verge of suicide. I didn't think life could ever be better. Quitting was a last resort I didn't know drinking had ruined my life I blamed my failure on bad luck or other peoples expectations. ..Once I quit I immediately saw a change. Getting up wasnt so painful; going out to do activities was fun! I stopped puking in the morning lost weight immediately and got a job right away. I met someone new and they asked me to marry them 2/8/15! ..When I think of the alternative- waking up every day hung over destroying personal relationships and hating myself- it's sufficient enough of a reminder to make me stay off booze. I still have a lot to sort through in my life but over all my worst day sober is better than my best day while drinking. As we have read we must recall with sufficient force the last night and fuck if the last night wasn't the worst of my life...The point of sober living? To take the good with the bad and truly experience a higher spectrum of the emotions human life affords. For me choosing to drink is choosing to die and to live a very sad and lonely life until then. Not drinking means that I can have a job and a place to live and that I can be surrounded by people who love me.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. That is to have succeeded...emerson...Pretty hard to be a real good chap while bending the elbow like it's a fucking world class olympic sport.  If it was I was A1 captain Asshole of the team.
Not sure.
I don't drink because it helps keep my depression and anxiety in check. On the booze I was experiencing the worst depressions imaginable. Off it almost never feel really down...It's wonderful. I hope never to go back..
Being sober doesn't make life easier but just more manageable. I know that any problems I currently have or will come my way will be a hell of a lot more manageable than if I were still drinking heavily...I don't remember if it was on this sub or at an AA meeting (I think both) but I love the topic of not drinking anymore vs. sober living. And to be honest I didn't start living sober until several months into my sobriety. The point of sober living? Understanding my triggers and what let me to drink and replacing those with healthy thoughts actions and activities. For example if how I spent my evening tonight was in my early sobriety I'd simply not be drinking and thinking about how I wasn't drinking. But tonight I prepared for a job interview and touched up my web design skills and kept myself occupied so that thinking about drinking didn't even occur to me.
The point of sober living is to be fully present and aware in your own life. I think this life is the only one we get and the point is to be there and take part in it. 
