-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xj2ct/struggling_to_take_the_first_step/

I don't even know where to begin. All I know is that I've been struggling with drinking for 10 years now. I've lost jobs because of it. I've lost friends. At this point I've lost hope. Coupled with the fact that I have depression and drink to forget as well as working in a bar with a group of other binge drinkers I'm losing this battle. But I think the thing I'm struggling most with right now is that I've lost the love of my life. He gave me chance after chance and all I showed him was how much I loved alcohol. I will admit I'm throwing myself a pity party today. My heart is broken and I'm shaking from lack of a drink. I poured it all down the drain today. I need help and I've accepted this. I've looked up AA meetings in my area. But right now I need a little support. I need someone who knows I feel. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. You've come to the right place. I'm glad you found us...Congratulations you've finally had enough. It took me a long fucking time to hurt bad enough to finally learn my lesson. But it takes what it takes and if this is how your story begins then congratulations. ..I think it's great that you're looking into AA. That's where I learned how to live a life that didn't involve drinking. It's also where I learned to grow up. I learned there's a difference between being powerless and being helpless. Between AA and this place I know I can alway reach out and participate reach out and get help from this place. ..Recovery is like walking up a down escalator . If you're not actively moving forward you're really losing ground. You're going to be successful to the extent that you're able to devote yourself to this. Ask around and see for yourself; this is something we all do together as a group. Get to reading and posting. Check out the chat! Read with an eye toward finding out who you are what you're like when you're not drunk. If you're like me you'll recognize a lot. You're among friends here so again welcome. I used to be where you are and I can tell you you don't need to live like that. If I can do it I know you can too..
&gt; I poured it all down the drain today...I've done that too.  Repeatedly....One of the few things I can claim to have learned is this......I can never drink enough.  There is no amount of alcohol that I can consume that will satisfy my addiction....The only way I can survive is to stop trying to satiate that beast that lives within my brain.  The only way I can survive is to not drink because no matter how much I drink it will never ever be enough...So tomorrow morning when I wake up I will tell myself "I will not drink today."
Poopy pants.  Glad you're here though.  Ever been to an AA meeting?  Getting my ass to one made all the difference.  There is a way out.  Hang on and good luck.  You've got this.
Well done on coming here and thanks for the post. You have taken the first often the hardest step. Now just keep putting one foot in front of the other and you can do this I believe in you. Because I was you - everything you say resonates. My SO left me because I was a mess I lost jobs I lost the respect of colleagues and friends I hit rock bottom. But you're not losing this battle - you are fighting back and it's always hardest at the start - you see this long road stretching in front of you and it's treacherous and it's a steep uphill and you just can't fathom ever making it to the top. But you will. With the support of AA and the SD community and most importantly your new found decision you got this - one day at a time. You are already doing the one most important thing - today you are not drinking. Something that really is helping me is this blog called Tired of thinking about drinking. She does this thing called the 100 day challenge where if you subscribe you will get a sober penpal who will support you and to whom you can talk - you might want to check it out. I also take supplements like 5HTP and B vitamins to help with my moods and sleep. Good luck to you!
