-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xjlo1/821_days/

I've had many reddit accounts over the years for various reasons and I went back to one recently that I had completely forgotten about. I made it 821 days ago. It's one and only post was one I made drunk as a skunk realizing I had a drinking problem and that I needed help. I've had a lot of ups and downs since then but seeing that number of days kind of kicked me in the pants. That could be my badge if I had a better plan. But it isn't. I guess it's something to strive for. ..Sorry for rambling. There is no real reason to this post besides me realizing that I've been struggling longer than I care to admit...and that I'm still trying. At least that's something.
----------immediate responses--------

I think I had a badge once that had ticked to over 500 days. I logged in all drunk one time and got upset about it. ..The current one is real though. ..Just keep coming back here to read and post. 
I'm like you; I joined reddit and spent a lot of time here while I was still struggling. It's probably been about the same amount of time as you. It's frustrating for me to know how much time I "could have had" but hey spilled milk you know?..What's important is what I do TODAY and today I won't drink. How 'bout you? :)
We fall down and we get back up. There was a lesson you took away from that and it's all part of your journey. Don't be too hard on yourself. Congratulations on 12 days too - I am right behind you! :)
I found that it does no good to kick myself over the past.  I wish I quit drinking in college when I saw the first signs of addiction.  I even remember a therapist telling me my binge drinking was causing my depression and anxiety when I was 20 years old.  I should have listened and avoided a decade of struggle...But I can't go back in time and I can't change the life I've lived.  I can only try to learn as much as possible from my mistakes.  I try to think of my bad experiences as necessary for me to grow as a person and overcome my history of mental illness and addiction...The "what could have been" cycle of thinking gets illogical and rediculous sometimes.  I sometimes think "What could have been if... I quit drinking 10 years ago".  But why stop there?  "What could have been if I had a stable family life as a kid?"  "What could have been if I chose a different career?"  "What could have been if I had my shit together in high school and college?"  I mean...  What the fuck.  Why stop there too?  I can go on and on. I can beat myself up over every mistake I've made and every misfortunate thing that ever happened to me.  In the end thinking about the past this way is just about as productive as trying to drink away your problems:  It never fucking helps one bit.
I went through this also.  I happened back onto /r/stopdrinking after a night where I told myself "I'm done."  I saw my badge and it was at just under a half a year since I had looked at SD.  ..Turns out I truly was done this last time.  It was satisfying to surpass the previous number which counted the days since I had realized I had a problem but still kept drinking...You can do this.  When I got sober I had a death grip on sobriety.  I knew if I let go the way I drank I was going to an early grave.  Community is key.  SD was/is my sole community but being around other recovering alcoholics is for me a revelation of understanding and connection.  Recovery wouldn't have been possible for me without SD and the support of my wife...I was a drunk for 26 years and a cannabis abuser for 27.  This can be done and hope opportunity and the ability to experience beauty can happen again...I love being sober...Good luck and stay vigilant.
Each day I stay sober allows me the ability to change the past. "One day at a time". It really is an overused slogan but really is worth repeating.
