-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xk51a/the_least_important_decision_i_ever_made_was_that/

This struggle to self-identify or self-diagnose myself as alcoholic is something most of us grappled with and even long into sobriety still struggle with.  I know I did.  My answer to that question 15 years into sobriety is why I went back out of course ending in tears and tragedy for my family.  ..[Alcoholism or alcoholic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholism) isn't a black or white scientific term (you can read about it in detail at the link.)  Nor was being a self-diagnosed alcoholic connected in anyway with recovery.  But STOPPING DRINKING is.  So if I am struggling with a "label" or ruling myself in or out of a disease or disorder there is no more important decision that I can make TODAY than the decision I made this morning at the moment my eyes opened at 4:30 AM--I will not drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  Consistent sober time: a few days weeks or months can make all the difference in my life and the lives of others on that day when I have clarity.  
----------immediate responses--------

Great point here.  Labels don't matter.  The word "alcoholic" neither adds to or subtracts from the truth of my experience - if I drink then I suffer.
Love this.  I would always try to justify drinking by saying things like "I'm not as bad as them."  I never began to make real progress until I became openminded and actually listen to someone else.  ..My story is unique to me.  I need to take the similarities from other people's experiences rather than focus on the differences.  If i wait to reach the "bottom" that my alcoholic brain is seeking I'll be dead...After much trial and error I finally started to make progress when I realized that all of my ideas to stay sober simply didn't work.  I needed to let go of my ego and ask others for some help. Best decision I've made and so far it's working for me.
This is so awesome thank you...I struggled with this as well for a good 6-8 weeks I really went back and forth on whether or not I fit some true definition somewhere.  Always looking for someone worse off than me only helped my dependence on alcohol grow over years and years.  It took me a good prolongued time off of any and all substances to realize how problematic my drinking actually was...Crosby I really dig you kind sir.  I come through Ohio once a year to hit up family in Columbus - I hope we get to meet up for coffee and some sober talk at some point.  
AMEN.  Booze was never my primary drug of abuse.  I have been largely free of those drug demons for almost 10 years and I drank like a "normal" person since then.  Execept I'm not normal.  I'm an addict... I managed my drinking like I managed every other addiction which is to say I endured every moment of my life like a grumpy old man in rush hour traffic until I could alter my mood again.  Quitting drinking has helped me work on my sobriety..the real lasting life changing thing that I avoided for a decade to be a normal drinking person.  I can honestly say that stopping drinking changed my life.  I am thankful for the change every single day.  There is no need to look for labels or worry if you are as bad as the next guy if you think your life might be changed by stopping drinking stop. ..I had a really amazing feeling yesterday.   I took my kids sled riding and it occured to me that I was having fun simple guiltless fun.  When I was drinking things like that always had a bittersweetness to them.  I would see the innocence and joy of my kids and it would make me feel bad about myself.  Like "here are these happy kids and their dad is some guy living in between cravings killing time until he can do something he thinks is fun".  Moments like that make me realize how much drinking was taking from me and make me want to keep doing the hard work so that I never go back.  
You speak truth my friend. If it's a problem in my life that is the only thing that matters. I drink - shit gets fucked up. I don't drink - I am at peace with my life regardless of what's going on around me (a little more complicated than that but the end result is basically this).
Yes the goal of not drinking and achieving that goal is far more important than giving in to the societal stigma that has been created around the word alcoholic.
Interesting concept....where did your decision that you were Powerless Over Alcohol rank in your hierarchy of decisions?..I bring this up not to argue with you CC but to note that in my experience too many people want to avoid a "label" of alcoholism and by doing so fail to accept that they are truly powerless thus sending them down a path of constant trial and errors promises and broken promises and quitting and starting back up...I am guessing that you CC do label yourself as an alcoholic (although it may be the least important decision you have ever made) and that you would say that one of the most important decisions you ever made was that you were powerless over alcohol.  
I find the label "alcoholic" to be destructive and undermining to my recovery.  It takes the focus away from an addictive drug and puts it on some putative defect in the individual.  Thus it insidiously leads "alcoholics" to believe that perhaps if they are just good enough stay sober long enough please God or their sponsor enough make enough money marry the right person . . . . or any one of an endless number of "enoughs" then they might not be alcoholic anymore.  They might be cured and then they could drink alcohol again.  They could engage in that unicorn-mythical act called "normal drinking" which if we are 100% honest with ourselves none of us have ever seen except in the movies and TV where the alcohol industry pays heavily to have its illusion created...Alcohol is addictive.  It's addictive to anyone who uses it.  It's no different from heroin or cocaine.  I'm not defective.  I'm normal.  I become addicted to addictive substances if I continue to use them long enough.  The substance isn't going to change if I get a better job or atone for my sins.  Addiction isn't going to magically disappear because addictive things are addictive...Addictive things are addictive.  That's my version of "Step One."
My dad is a recovering alcoholic. He committed to being sober after he missed my wedding during a bender. I'm very proud of him now but there's a voice in me that *absolutely* refuses to call myself an alcoholic. I think this is because I grew up telling myself I was *not* him and I would never make his sloppy choices or conduct myself like he did. I didn't start drinking until I was 35 and but then well you know how it goes. ..I acknowledge that voice is the small child voice inside of me who needs to be parented or the stubborn part or the immature part or unresolved anger...When I excused myself from a label and simply committed to not drinking well that's yielded the longest sober string of days in years. It's the only thing that has worked consistently for me every day. Thank you /u/coolcrosby. I will not drink today...Edit: Someday I'll learn Redditt formatting
One thing I have noticed since I stopped drinking is how often people use "alcoholic" as a pejorative term...It seems like it is one of the few diseases or illnesses that it is still acceptable to ridicule. 
Wow that's a great quote. Thank you. I start my journey today
I agree wholeheartedly CC.  In fact SD is built around this very concept;  you'll note that the sidebar and FAQ (save for direct quotations from other sources) don't use the term "alcoholic" at all.  ..The problem with a term like "alcoholic" is that everyone has preconceived notions of what that term means.  Some people think of bums living under a bridge.  Most young people I think picture someone from their childhood.  You know Uncle Jimmy or dad's friend Al those guys were alcoholic fuckups not me.  Because it's a childhood memory we view the alleged alcoholic as an "adult."   Few people realize that they're now the same age as Uncle Jimmy was back then.  None of us feels as old as we remember our parents being when they were our age.  ..That's a big part of why so many 20-30 year olds fail to spot alcoholic tendencies in their friends. We all think we're [younger than our parents](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOXONBoP0So) were when they were our age.  It takes until about our 30's until we see our friends start to lose jobs and families over their drinking.  Only then do we even begin to see.  ..It's common for people who show up here to identify as an "extremely high functioning alcoholic."  What they're doing there is trying to distinguish themselves from whatever definition they already have in mind.  They know they have a problem many know they can't drink responsibly.  So what's it matter what they call it?    ..I think /u/Nika65 makes a great point in another comment:..&gt; in my experience too many people want to avoid a "label" of alcoholism and by doing so fail to accept that they are truly powerless thus sending them down a path of constant trial and errors promises and broken promises and quitting and starting back up...That's been my experience too Nika.  And that seems to be at least partially [supported by the the survey results](http://sd.bot.nu/survey/2014/goals). But it's possible that the difference has more to do with chosen methodology than it does success.  ..* Overall 58% of people overall identify as an alcoholic (320/551)..* Of people 2+ years sober  73% identify as an alcoholic.  (45/61)..* Of people 2+ years sober who list AA as their most helpful resource 91% identify as alcoholic.   (30/33)..* Of people 2+ years sober who list SD as their most helpful resource 35% identify as alcoholic. (5/14 not a very good sample size here.)...I'd offer that it's a little less clear cut than you may be imagining.  You've probably never seen me refer to myself as an alcoholic.  It happens but it's rare. I'll admit right up front that I dislike the term probably because of my experience growing up with my alcoholic father.  I honestly don't believe that I'm in any sort of denial.  My approach has always been *As long as I know that I can't drink what's the difference?* ..I've often likened it to using a label like "tobaccoholic" to describe an ex-smoker.  No one says tobaccoholic they just say *I used to smoke but now I don't. I'm a ex-smoker.*   Some will say that's not a fair comparison because there are a bunch of other issues that go along with alcoholism. Many in AA like to call this the "ISM."  But is that really true?  Isn't most of what we're dealing with the result of a long pattern of abusive behavior?  An ex-smoker can't run very far because he's done a number on his lungs.  But he gets better.   An alcoholic can't deal with problems in his life because he spent so long using alcohol to solve those problems.  Is that really any different than the smoker example?..This is one area where I think AA has a bit of a blind spot.  It's always "we" this and "we" that.  "*We* are all the same.  *We* are selfish.  *We* are liars and cheats."  That sort of thinking may help to make members feel that they're not alone but it also turns a whole lot of people off.  If someone says they're not a liar cheat or thief someone screams "YET."  Or they're told that they're being selfish and letting their ego run the show. ..Which again I have to say I'd probably agree with that assessment in a lot of cases especially when a new person exhibits a pattern of trying to distinguish themselves from the others.  But not all cases. There are valid reasons for not wanting to be dragged down to the most common denominator.  ..I feel like I'm doing a terrible job of communicating my thoughts on this.  ..Take something like drunk driving.  According to [the SD survey](http://sd.bot.nu/survey/2014/dui) at least 20% of people here have never driven after drinking. Close to half seem to be indicating that they either have never done so or did so only a small handful of times.  Doesn't that person have a right to take offense when they're told that DUI's are just a matter of time for them?  Doesn't someone have a right to be offended when told that they're a liar a cheat and scoundrel just like everyone else with the ISM?..I really do believe that this is an area where the costs of the "we" approach outweigh the benefits.  I think it turns a lot of people off...Many of the SD people I frequently chat with got sober around the same time I did and we all took more or less the same approach.  Most of those people don't identify as alcoholics. I've never seen any evidence of their choice of terminology hampering them in any way...I should probably get to some sort of point here huh?   Ha ha.  I guess what I'm saying is that I agree with CC's post wholeheartedly. And I also agree with what you said.  It's been my experience that many people try to shirk the label for unhealthy reasons.  But there are also  people out there with valid reasons for shirking the label. I think it's a mistake to lump everyone together on this one...If someone were to ask me if I wanted a drink I'd say "Nope I don't drink."  If they asked why I didn't drink I'd say something like "because when I drank I drank too much."  If that person asked if I was an alcoholic I'd probably say "Yeah. Probably.  But what's in a name?" ...
Indeed! When I first showed up here a few weeks ago someone suggested that I commit to 30 days sober with the thought that it is difficult to examine one's relationship with drinking while still drinking. ..That was great advice! It helped me make a concrete action without worrying about how to define anything internal. And now that I have a few weeks away from alcohol it's given me the distance to see that my relationship with alcohol is far from healthy. ..Great reminder to not worry about the labels as much as focusing on behavior. Thank you!!!  :) 
Man.  Reading that wikipedia article really makes me grateful I quit drinking.
The clarity I started having after just one week of sobriety was more than worth the loss of alcohol in my life. And after a month sober? Forget it. I can't afford to lose this clarity again I have too many things I want to accomplish with my life.
Great reminder.  Thanks CC.
4:30 AM doesn't exist in my time space continuum. ..Yep. Acceptance&amp;Action. 
Thank you with all my heart! This was exactly what I needed to hear today. I am so grateful for the time that you put in here. Your perspectives really are a tremendous help to me.
