-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xpo6u/day_2090_report/

Hi everyone! Yesterday was day 20 out of the 90 days of goals I set for myself to kick-start my sobriety and get on the right track. For those of you just joining us the four goals are roughly therapy using my phone checking in here and going to daily support group meetings...First off I feel like I gotta explain something that's been going on in my life. I have a horse and he's had a medical thing going on with his back legs for the last week and a half. The treatment has been fairly time consuming (several times a day I have to lead him around at the walk for 20 minutes ice his legs for 20 mins dry them and wrap them plus medicine and taking his temp and cleaning his stall since he isn't going outside and horses poop a lot.) To a certain extent I can delegate some of it to people who work at the barn but I really have to be there to check on him and do a lot of it myself. This sort of thing is just part of the horse owning gig...I've been hesitant to talk about the horse on here for a couple of reasons. First the more specific information you put under one online profile the more identifiable you become. Given the sensitive nature of what I'm discussing here that makes me a tiny bit uneasy. The other reason I haven't metioned it is because I'm sensitive to the fact that this is a luxury pursuit. It's something that I'm privilaged to be able to do. I'm the youngest of six kids and I understand what it's like to not have money so I guess I just don't want to make it sound like I think that this is some sort of hardship or something. ..However I've finally decided to bring it up on here. I started riding as an adult and I think that that was really the first step in the path to my recovery. Partly because I was doing something for myself and valuing myself and my needs enough to devote the time and money to it. And partly because I started to make a shift towards a more healthy early morning outdoorsy physically active life. I made drinking less convenient and I prioritized something about drinking. It didn't work to stop my drinking but it did give me some reasons to think about quitting...Anyway back to the daily goals. Yesterday I went to a meeting in the morning and met with my sponsor after. I answered my phone and I checked in here (it was late and it was short but I did it.) I did my therapy homework in the morning but I forgot my therapy homework in the evening. ..I've been hella tired. I am meeting most of my goals on most days but I'm struggling to do anything else. Fatigue is part of some other health stuff that I have going on and it has occured to me to wonder if it's really practical to keep doing the horse thing. However it's not something that's easy to just stop doing and start up again and it is a meaningful part of my life. I am emotionally attached to the horse I have and I'm really lucky to have him. He would be difficult to replace both because of his temperament and his athletic ability/training level/rideability. For right now I guess I'm going to just keep plugging along. I've heard people say in other contexts that it's bad to make big decisions about anything in early sobriety. So I guess for the first year of sobriety I'm not going to make any major decisions and hopefully things will become clearer as time goes on...Hope you all are well!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 3 weeks!  Sounds like right now the horse is maybe an unneeded responsibility.  I am behind you in days sober but I like what you say about keep plugging along.  That's the best we can do mostly. Good luck w your decision re the horse if you make one.
Good for you GS getting back into some serious numbers again and consistently holding yourself accountable on SD has been great to see.  Keep doing what you're doing.
You mentioned a couple of days ago that you wanted to start doing exercise.  In my book working with your horse every day covers that base.  It is important for me to have hobbies in recovery or I would surely go mad.  Having a horse is both a hobby and a vocation and a good one at that.  Next time maybe go for a smaller pet though.  Keep on trucking you are doing great. 
Sounds like the horse is not pratical..It's rare that any horse is practical anymore considering what it costs to feed them and keep them happy and healthy..And you say he is a meaningful part of your life and is a good horse in terms of training and mannerism..My family keep horses and baring vaccinating cows and a little bit of money my nephew wins at the rodeo they are mostly just expensive..But I don't know they are living things and I am too emotional to help you with any logical decision regarding your horse;).However do you think you could do your morning meeting at some other time so you don't have the stress of that first thing in the morning and see if you can pay someone at the stables to take some of the walking/icing duties for the horse?..I hear you on the exhaustion thing. I am not even sure if I am exhausted or just totally lazy. But my motivation is just about at ZERO...At any rate I am assuming you have to get your horse well before you could make any further decisions about him. .How long is he going to need all this?.You don't have to answer any of this if it is too specific for your comfort. I am just curious. Has he torn his tendons or something?.
I'm glad you're busy which if nothing else will help in your recovery. The number one enemy of recovering addicts like us is being bored so the more you do the better. I'm really happy you're still here with us. Keep up the good work! Triplet power!!! &lt;3
20/90 - that's some real commitment! I will resist the urge to make any comments about getting back in the saddle (oops) or about galloping off into the sunset (I'm terrible). I will tell you that there was one particularly terrible and awful time in my life that I survived only because of horses (not even my own). As far as therapy animals go they are pretty incredible and I can imagine how important yours must be to you :)  
