-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xt201/almost_11_months_and_near_the_edge/

Hoping you guys can help me get some perspective. There have been many ups and downs over the previous month mainly around work but also around the program...There was an amends that went badly. There have been meetings where I felt nothing but sickness being shared. There is the fact of having lived with drunks for nearly a year and in all that time I have met exactly one who is reliable and trustworthy. ..Months of living with selfish people has worn me down. Going to meetings I despair at what seems like a general current of sickness running through the community. Many times I feel like what these people need isn't AA it's therapy and medication...This isn't a new intellectual place for me. It's where I was when I left AA when I was 28. It's where I was when I drank nearly a year ago...And brass tacks guys I have been thinking about drinking a lot more lately. It seems like everywhere I turn are studies and testimonies saying that AA doesn't work for most people that its success rate is about equal to people who just stop on their own or treat their issues with therapy and medication...The thing about AA that kept me from going for over a year when my therapist suggested it was that once you're in it brands you for life. If I leave AA and start drinking even if I'm not drinking destructively I'll be seen as a failure. My family and friends will be very scared...So once you identify as an alcoholic that's it. No going back. The problem is that the science doesn't see addiction this way. It's not binary. There's a spectrum. I admit that I was far on one end of that spectrum when I stopped drinking but...But. Fuck I don't know...I tell my sponsor all this and he gets a knowing look and says the solution doesn't look like the problem. The solution is spiritual. But I hate that. I don't think the solution is sitting in a room full of sick people and hoping to get better. I don't think it's the 12 steps which I've worked exactly as prescribed and am still having thoughts of drinking..."Half measures availed us nothing" my sponsor says reciting a quote from the book. I don't think I've done half measures. I've worked my ass off to stay sober and yet here I am. But it's useful rhetoric. If someone drinks it's not because the program doesn't work. It's because they didn't work hard enough. They took half measures. They failed. ..I think the solution must be scientific. I think it's medical and psychological. I admit that AA provides psychological benefit as a side effect of its practice. But it's unregulated. I think that makes it dangerous...Because AA views success as something you have to work for which is fine I guess. But the problem with that is that if you drink again it's because you didn't work hard enough. Relapse is seen as failure. Again that binary that lack of nuanced understanding of human complexity...So here I am. On the edge. Nearly 11 months sober and not sure I want to keep doing this. Weird. Scary. Uncertain. And I don't feel like I can share this with the real world without being seen as being on the wrong side of the binary. It's frustrating. It feels wrong. ..UPDATE: Hey guys just want to thank all who commented here. Was a huge help for me to get all this off my chest and to get all your feedback. I also just had an honest conversation with a sober friend I've known for over a decade and it helped tremendously to come clean to him as well. Took a lot of the power out of my negative thoughts and I'm in a much better place. Still sober. Still want to be sober.
----------immediate responses--------

All of that aside - what do you want? 
I'm certainly no expert but I can definitely relate to what you're saying and the points you make.  Based on my limited experience I would suggest that maybe you're overthinking it.  When AA has worked for me (to the extent that it has worked) it is because I stopped thinking stopped needing things to make sense stopped trying to solve my alcoholism stopped trying to integrate my current actions into a long-term plan put aside my expectations did what I was told and took actions that where uncomfortable but that I trusted were in my best interest.  That is because my thinking and my understanding only lead me back to where I started which is drinking compulsively.  I am a very introspective analytical and rational person so that is hard to do.  In fact I think the approach I suggest does make sense but I no longer try to make sense of things.  I think this has to do with willingness to go to any length surrender and faith.  In my case this process is mostly contained in Step 3 where I turn my life over to my higher power.  If I can really do that (and it's a constant struggle) then my life and perspective suddenly shift things feel lighter I accept that I am where I'm supposed to be things are happening for a reason and I start looking for the reasons and signs for where my higher power is leading me.  Hopefully this makes some sense or is helpful in some way.  Best of luck to you            
I don't want to argue with anything that you are saying.  I could but for what purpose?..Whenever I got too much in my head in that first year of sobriety (and sometimes even now)--I'm in a dangerous place.  Bottom line for me: if I make a daily decision that I am not going to drink TODAY nothing is going to make me drink.  I won't even be close to the edge.  I leave debates about AA or recovery out of my movie as far as it relates to my personal recovery...Look let me give you a metaphor: I ride a bike.  I love riding my bike.  If I am going to ride a long distance say a "century" which is one hundred miles I can really screw myself out of enjoying my ride by thinking about the obstacles potential for flats sharing the road with ill-tempered drivers hills being tired or other challenges common to cyclists.  But if instead I focus on how much I enjoy the sensation of moving forward under my own power turning the pedals over seeing what I'm seeing as I see it--the miles melt away.  I look back on the challenges and obstacles and I'm amazed at how I got through it all.  The task of someone riding a bike is to pedal stay in the now and lean forward.  Amazingly balance is achieved and destinations reached one revolution of the pedals at a time.  
&gt;But the problem with that is that if you drink again it's because you didn't work hard enough...I'm not in AA so I can't speak to that perspective as a theory of AA. However I have a different frame for drinking again (having had experience). It's that the nature of not drinking of sobriety can change over time--particularly in the first year or more. The circumstances change and often we adjust and change the program to adapt. When we don't adapt to changing circumstances that's when our plans and practices have become outdated and need to be modified. ..It's a little dispassionate intentionally so. Relapse means something isn't working and that the plan needs to be adjusted so it will work again. It doesn't mean failure. Failure is continuing to do a non-functional plan and expecting a different result. ..So here you are and I'd ask: rather than focus on the shortcomings of what you've done what do you need to do now? Assuming you want to remain sober as a first priority how do you do that from this day forward--regardless of what role AA plays? Because I *don't* see this as a binary--either AA or drink. AA is one component maybe you need others. Drink is not the solution however. 
This sounds like you have already committed in your mind to go back to drinking and you are looking for justifications or ways to blame your current program of recovery...Good luck on whatever path you choose.
I am very proud of your star with a ten! Not many people outside this will understand what it stands for.  It stands for a lot of hard work sacrifices pain and some real unbearable but somehow bearable shit. You are an inspiration to me. :)
Maybe you just need a break from AA? Fill your life with something different. It doesn't have to be recovery related. You are way over thinking things and similiarly using AA in the binary sense that it is all or nothing and it really isn't. ..I totally get the same irritation and the same thoughts about the recovery community as you. Usually means I need to take a step back. Go for a walk instead of an AA meeting.
I agree with you when you say that a lot of people AA need therapy or meds or both. A lot of us do - I know I certainly need it. That said AA and meds and therapy are not mutually exclusive. I've never met a medical practitioner who didn't recommend some sort of peer support group whether AA or SMART or whatever as part of the recovery process. Because in the end they fill a different role. Peer support groups help you build the radically new lifestyle that sobriety often requires and offer community. Also keep in mind many people in AA do not financially have access to therapy or medication so yes there are some very unwell people in the rooms. But that doesn't invalidate the program. You'll find plenty of healthy people too. And some groups may be a better fit than others. Good luck.
An anecdote and an observation:..At 11 months I felt like you.  I was grateful to be out of the miserable cycle of active alcoholism but I sure as hell didn't feel very good.   I was angry confused depressed exhausted and disillusioned more often than not.....As I approach my second year I feel completely different.  If alcohol crosses my mind it's only for a second or two and then it's forgotten ( I was a bottle of vodka a day guy for over a decade).  I usually feel empowered optimistic grateful and fulfilled.  Completely the opposite to the year before. ...I haven't done much differently in my second year with one exception.  I focused very intently on my physical and mental health.  The results from just changing my diet were fucking magical...The observation is uncomfortable.  Alcoholics relapse by talking themselves into having a drink.  Your post reads like so many internal debates I had with my alcoholic self.  "Everything sucks so why not just get shit faced"...AA is not the problem.  Attempting to drink normally is not the solution in fact it's an oxymoron. You cannot try to drink normally as by doing so you intrinsically step outside of the norm....I don't know you but I'd bet good money that if you go back to drinking now you'll be back where you where when you decided to quit very quickly....I'd also bet that if you give it another 12 months you will feel very very differently......  .
Have tried both the AA and non-AA routes to sobriety.  Without elaborating greatly I can tell you that I had much more (3 years this Thursday! :)) success without than with the meetings and mantras. I too saw much of the same and it was discouraging.   ..I feel recovery works different ways for different people. Perhaps that (AA) is not for you. Regardless it seems sobriety is (as you stated yourself) ..While I wouldn't advise anyone to simply stop going to meetings I would remind they are not the only path and if they aren't working for your and are leading you towards thoughts of drinking perhaps it's best to contemplate alternative ways to deal with being sober?..The goal of the people here (I feel) is very much the same. To stop drinking. How we achieve this goal obviously will vary from person to person but as long as none of us drink today it's my belief were better for it...
There are things in AA that irk me.  But on the whole it has helped me immensely (when I finally allowed it to).  It is not the entirety of my recovery but it is a framework. ..I have found meetings which tend to focus on healing and recovery rather than sickness and alcohol.  ..The measuring of AA is really hard. It failed with me until it worked; what percentage is that? Say I slipped 30 times versus 1 success?  Have been to many meetings  where my sober time is not out of the ordinary it is working for a bunch of us.  ..As for branding for life - personally I think of and refer to myself as in recovery - Yeah in meetings I use the A word but that's not who I am...Relapse is failure? Well yes because it puts us back in a really bad place.  The far end of the spectrum as you put it.  **What AA does not do is teach us how to moderate** In that sense it is a big flop...Feel free to find other ways - to stay sober or even to drink but as I suspect you well know those of us with said propensity to over drink ( how's that for not branding?) rarely if ever make a successful transition to normal...Even nowwith most of the "issues" which made me drink the way I did under better control there is no way I would risk it. Alcohol has nothing to offer me. which brings me to......What is it exactly that you think drinking could add to your life?..Or is this a reaction to being "told what to do"? (I know that one really really well which is why I ask.).
Thanks for writing this. I got a lot out of this thread. 
Thank you for sharing and I'm glad you're feeling supported here. I'm such a white belt that I don't feel I can share ambivalent feelings about sobriety like you did without sounding disrespectful...But I know what you mean by a perceived lack of nuanced understanding of human complexity. And I don't fully understand many of the messages repeated by respected commenters here - "sobriety can change over time" and "drinking normally is an oxymoron." Also I credit my faith and relationship with God and prayer for a large part of my current sobriety but people here do not seem to like when others bring up the G word or acknowledge a higher power...But I keep coming back because of my respect for everyone here who is committed to being healthy whether at one day or thousands of days. I hope you keep coming back too.
Hmm. Thank you for sharing this is definitely food for thought. I know someone who thinks of this 'disease' slightly controversially. He says that it is an insult to truly ill people to call it a disease because if you put a cancer patient on an uninhabited island with no treatment - that person will die. An alcoholic will get better - it is a malaise of a lack of will power. ( I am paraphrasing but you probably get my drift). I struggled with that idea for a long time but now I think I accept that nothing - not AA not the support of my family not the presence or absence of booze in my house - nothing outside of myself will dig me out of this hole. I dug it with my own two hands and now I have to fight every day to not let it claim me back. It's not a 'nice' thought - but for me it is very close to the truth. To be able to not drink without resentment has been a long journey - but something has finally clicked after many relapses. How other people label us is just noise; what matters is what I know inside myself and what I do and fight for every day. What other people do or do or do not do is nothing to do with me. What I achieve with every single day of fighting (sometimes tooth and nail sometimes without a second thought) for my sobriety is my achievement and mine alone. Not AAs not my supportive or otherwise friends and family. It's hard work but the sense of accomplishment is directly proportionate to that effort. Congratulations on almost 11 months - that is immense. Well done YOU!
How did the amends go badly?..There's some amazing shit on this thread that I think is super solid. I'm in line with what CoolCrosby and Slipacre posted but I wanted to change tack a second and ask about that. ..Basically my advice is don't drink. What I hear you saying is: AA has problems and relapse is seen as a failure and I don't like that. You were absolutely unclear in your original OP about whether you wanted to 'quit' sobriety or 'quit' AA. I have no judgments about wanting to leave AA. I've wanted to leave many times. I've found other meetings and other great people and other friends but it's a fucking problem sometimes. I cut a guy loose recently who had severe mental illness told him to stop calling. Totally against AA tradition mind you. I just couldn't handle it. So I get it. But does all that make you question your sobriety? That sounds like a bit of twisted logic...I guess I was lucky. At around six months my desire to drink my cravings my thoughts of wanting to drink normally pretty much vanished. I was most of the way through my 9th step. That's why I asked about your amends and would be curious to see how some of that stuff is going. ..Anyways!..Much love and take care. You're not alone. Certainly not alone in thinking AA is full of crazy people.
   *Different strokes for different folks. AA works for a lot of people then for a lot it doesn't.  .   *We are only human with too many variables as to the how and why we drink. Which is why one solution does not fit all..   *For me I don't like the idea of being branded an Alchy for the rest of my days I used to be that person but not any more..   *Why can't I just be me? I have the power and the control. I have a simple choice. Do I want to give up my power and control just to put a toxic substance into my body?  My daily choice is NO. .   *Get into the science of alcohol and it's effects on your body and mind. It may help shift your perspective. I like to remind myself that it is a toxic substance like any other drug but it just happens to be legal. .   *Life still throws me a shit storm every now and then but I can deal with it more effectively without alcohol. I wake up tired and sometimes feeling sad and low but at least I'm not wretching up until my eyes are popping out of my head or sinking painkillers to sort out my headache. These are small things I know and you know too..  *Your body is clean now what you choose to do with it is down to you. I wish I had as many months as you. Your sobriety is an inspiration to me.            Take care hope you stick around here a bit longer  : )
I quit AA because I got sick and tired of people telling me how it is and what my problem is when in reality shit is not that easy to generalize. i felt there were lots of hypocrites in those meetings- saying how grateful they were for being sober when you and me both know that all these fools in the meetings are just a bunch of drug addicts. Yes life is great sober but I still wanted to get fucked up. It doesn't even have anything to do with living sober. I felt all these people just hype each other up to avoid slipping when in reality they just get off of the newcomer stories making them feel better for resisting the temptation. Then once you're really in it and have sponsors and shit I am 100% sure that some don't leave because they'd lose a bunch of friends and a reputation. So I'm pretty sure you have people in there who use and drink and say they're sober. In reality all of these people in my opinion hated being sober. They all seemed not happy with their lives even if they didn't make it seem like it. They are ALL missing using and drinking. I left because AA eventually made me want to drink. Every fucking time I was reminded how sick I am- enough already. 
&gt; It's not binary. There's a spectrum...For me the spectrum was binary. I acknowledge that as fact. I drank enough for 10 normal lifetimes with all the accompanying baggage that creates. When I close my eyes at night I can relive every burned opportunity in my life. ..I do not want to drink ever again. I didn't do AA but if I ever feel tempted to drink I will certainly do so without hesitation...If you think you want to drink again I would go back and check your premises for making that decision.
I think you're branded an alcoholic as much as some people are branded a virgin. I mean it might be true but that's not all you are..Maybe one day I can get to a place where I can drink every once in awhile but for now I'm happy with things as they are. I think I might be different though my life started getting monumentally better just days after I stopped drinking...Hope any of that helped.
