-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y0xj8/struggling_todaydreams_about_the_ex/

Hi SD..I guess I need some advice or something I need SOMETHING. I'm feeling awful right now and trying not to cry at work. This may be a long one because I want to try and articulate my feelings as much as possible in the hope that someone goes  yes that happened to me here's what I did' or something...My ex and I split up nearly 2 years ago now after 6   years together he was my first and only relationship. He dumped me he'd fallen out of love I still loved him. My drinking was AN issue not THE issue though. Actually in hindsight there were a lot of issues with the relationship and we'd actually broken up that night because I'd demanded we talk because I was so unhappy. I was sober for that conversation but I damn well wasn't for weeks afterwards. He left me and the cats and went back to his Mum's 100's of miles away. I felt utterly utterly bereft it was the most gutting worse feeling I've ever felt in my whole life. I felt like I was being wrenched to bits it was psychical as well as mental I was really close to killing myself because I just couldn't imagine my life without him. I got through that with the help of my friends. Anyway I loved him so fucking much and I still do I think. I still dream about him. Usually really vivid dreams where there's always some kind of ambiguity about our relationship. We'll be living together but he's seeing his current girl still he's never committed to getting back together in the dreams and always stringing me along. Anyway I blocked him on facebook months ago because I was sick of him popping up when I put a certain letter in the search bar Today after a particularly vivid and emotion dream I reddit-stalked him and he has a dog. This just utterly fucked me over again. Mainly because I imagined he has the dog with his new girlfriend who he's moved to the US with (he met her whilst he was still with me online and a month after we split up he flew out to meet her) but actually looking at the photo of the (lovely cute dog) he's still at his Mums. Maybe she (new girl) moved over with him? Are they still long distance? Maybe if he knew I'm sober now... I think that final question is why the last few weeks this as all just come up so acutely again I mean the pains been there but in the background but since I've been more confident in my sobriety I keep thinking  what if..?' even though there were so many other problems for both of us even though he was totally unsuitable for me I love him I miss him I want him back...We had some posh Spanish orange liuquer come in as a donation today and it was open. I sniffed it and it was only for a second but I thought about downing it. I gave it to a colleague. I won't drink but I need a healthy way of handling this because crying over someone I haven't seen for nearly two years is ridiculous and sending me backwards on everything I've achieved recently. Is this a closure thing?! I just think of him and the new girl and the dog he chose her and the dog over me and my cats. He'll probably have children with her. He was supposed to have children with me. He promised we would. He promised we'd be together forever but he lied and now I'm 33 and my fertility is about to take a nosedive...Now I'm crying and I have to go back to work and be happy and positive because I work with people with learning disabilities and if I cry some of them get upset too...I have the gym later I'm newly in to it. I hope that'll help...Sorry for the text wall. I probably sound like some stupid fawning girl. I feel like that sometimes. ..TL;DR: fucked up over my ex after nearly two years want to get over it. .
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know how to help but I would recommend going to an AA meeting and if you have a sponsor calling them.  A bunch of people have done something like this and will help you...  I would consider reading maybe even trying to meet someone new.  Have you gone on any dates since the break up?  I mean that's how I've always moved on.  Sometimes even a good cry can help.  But keep thinking about him and other stuff isn't always the best.  
"Disclaimer: The longest I have ever had a relationship last is around 3 years and that definitely wasn't stable. Because I had unhealthy habits and views about relationships. I believe I still do which is why I am single and choosing to not be in a relationship for the first year of sobriety or so."..So I have drank at people at myself at feelings at random people in a bar. I drank so much that I couldn't walk. I drank so much that I got kicked out. Arrested hospitalized. You know what all of that got me? Nothing. Zero. ..Drinking because you're upset at your ex won't make this dog or new girl drop dead and have him running back to you. I hope you can see I was trying to be funny when I said that....The best way to move on from someone is to get healthy live life *better* than you did with them and prove to yourself that you make yourself happy and there is plenty of life to live...Sorry you're in this mess.
 &gt;I won't drink but I need a healthy way of handling this because crying over someone I haven't seen for nearly two years is ridiculous and sending me backwards on everything I've achieved recently. ..If you don't mind my input here....you have actually found a healthy way of handling this.  You have 1) chosen not to drink and 2) you are reaching out to a place where you feel comfortable enough to honestly talk about it.  In my experience those 2 things are **incredibly positive!!!!**  My guess is (if you were like me) that 5 months ago those 2 things would have been impossible for you to do.  If I am right then think about what amazing growth you have achieved in just a few months!..I know this doesn't solve your hurt today but if you look at the big picture of recovery what I just read here is an awfully positive sign!  The hardest part of recovery is NOT abstinence.  It is learning how to live life on life's terms without our crutch of alcohol or drugs.  You are in the process of doing that right now...Congrats to you and thank you for sharing this!!!
Hello there ! I read your post and I might have some useful advices for you. Happiness is around the corner ! I have to tell you not to hope for an instant release though it can happen but you have to be willing to let it happen. You seem to be thinking way too much. ..We define ourselves through the way people see us the way we see ourselves (through thinking) and finally through action. ..You are obviously at the stage where you must take action! :) And you are doing it ! .-Not drinking.-Going to the gym.-Staying positive (at least at work if I understand correctly xD)...Here are some things you wrote :.../I haven't seen for nearly two years .You havent seen him for nearly two years. It's not the real him who's making you feel sad. It's the old him that you used to live with. This guy does no more exist ! It's over and you know it. There are real people out there. Take actions :) (be careful here if you really dont feel like taking action right now dont. I dont know you in real life but it seems like doing little activities might help.) ../I just think of him and the new girl and the dog he chose her and the dog over me and my cats..That's not true. He didnt chose the girl over you. This is an assumption and you dont have all the elements to make that statement true. People are never perfect they are never the ones we imagine in our heads. It's seemingly much more complicated than that just find another person to share your life with. Don't think about your fertility you can always adopt a children !!! ../He'll probably have children with her.Do you want the children of someone that doesnt love you anymore? Think about it. If he'd come back to you and say he's sorry and shit would you forgive him? If your answer is not NOO there's a problem... haha. But if it's yes you see you don't really want to be with him. What makes you feel sad is the way things went how he left you. You wish you had him back just to avoid thinking about how you are destroyed when people let you down. ../I have the gym later I'm newly in to it. I hope that'll help..IT will!!!! In fact any activity will help pass through the day but doing sport is great! In my opinion cardio is the best if you want to feel relieved afterward. ../Sorry for the text wall. I probably sound like some stupid fawning girl. I feel like that sometimes. ..Don't think things like that ! You dont care if you sound like a ''stupid fawning gilr'' on the internet. ../I've been more confident in my sobriety I keep thinking  what if..?'.if... if...if.... never think what if. It's just not healthy especially right now. ../I still dream about him. .It is totally normal. It's not a sign it's just your brain. scumbag brain. You cant control what you think uncnsciously but you can control what you allow to reach your mind when conscious. Focus on when you are awake and gradually as your thoughts shift to something else you will start adjusting unconsciously. .....And the most important : STAY POSITIVE! see yourself in a Mirror? smile! (haha I always give out this advice but it's totally true !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's the very first little step to becoming important at your own eyes)..If you are willing to take the effort to change yourself for best you are totally a great person and Worth thousand times more than anyone who will try to put you down. Sadly you will be alone in this because no one knows exactly what you've been through. Now it's up to you to see life negatively (ex: I'm almost done with fertility) or positively (ex: I'll just have to try harder (;P) or maybe I'll have to consider adoption there are so many kids ou there without parents waiting to be loved.)..Stay strong sista ! ..(P.S. Sorry for bad English xD I dont speak it.) .(edit) (P.S. 2 Sorry for text wall.... I must sound like a stupid fawning boy. ;))
I don't have much in the way of advice but I want you to know my heart goes out to you. As Nika said you are finding healthy ways to deal with this even if it doesn't feel like it right now...I'm 36 and I've been freaking out about my ability to have children too. Alcohol almost robbed me of that opportunity. But even at 36 I know I still have time. As do you! You sound like a really awesome person that is doing wonderful things to improve herself. That is really attractive. Keep doing what you're doing and you'll find someone that loves this super duper version of the new and improved you. &lt;3
I totally get where you are coming from.. My wife wants a divorce wants to move out and now that I have been sober for 3 days nowI realize what I am losing. I have been trying to talk to her about it. About how I want our children to see us reconcile and work through even this. We have been together for almost 13 years and it's killing me that I pushed her away until she finally can't take any more. I don't deserve her to stay. She was here to see me at my worst. I would do anything if she would let me show her my best. Anyway. I didn't mean to take over your thread. I just wanted to share my similar story. You stay strong. I'll keep trying.
I don't think you sound like a stupid fawning girl.  I still have dreams sometimes about someone I was in love with over 5 years ago.  Most of the time when that happens I feel sad for a little bit and then move on but sometimes I'll shed a few tears...Hang in there! When I was drinking I'd use those dreams as an excuse to sink into a pity party get drunk to numb the feelings whine about how broken-hearted I was about how I'll never love anyone else again...but sober I can just feel those feelings and know that they'll pass then continue on with my day.  I even have hope that I'll find love again one day with the right person.  It gets better! 
I always find things cropping up in dreams that I thought I had already worked through. Even though you've been sober for a while (hey! about the same as me!) maybe your mind is still slowly working through a lot of things you thought you had moved on from or want to move on from at least but are still there in your subconscious...You and your cats are awesome and you'll all be just fine. As long as you are not drinking and are taking small steps toward the life you want to have then you can rest assured that things will only get better. As for the fertility thing my stepmom had my little brother when she was 37 and he had two really awesome older half sisters (ahem me and my sister) to hang out with while he was growing up :)
