-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y1wc0/day_1/

Tl;dr I need help to quit drinking. I don't want to lose the most important person in my life but it may be too late. Either way I have to stop... .I never thought I had a problem until the other night. I left my boyfriends house to go home and feed my dog/hang out at home. I decided to go have a drink down the road after I fed the dog. A mutual classmate of ours told him I was there before I had a chance to. Even though I sat by myself and didn't get wasted he thinks I chose to go to the bar instead of spend time with him. He also is upset about a guy who texted me at 2 a.m. the other evening. I have never hung out with this person and have asked him to stop texting me and to respect my relationship. I can't help that someone texted me and these things together don't look good for my case. I thought I had my drinking under control but I can now recall multiple times when I chose to go to the bar alone than hanging out with him. I come from a family of addiction and I always said I would never let it control me. I need to be better for myself and my relationship but I need help. I'm not ready to tell anyone because I am scared of relapsing and dissapointing anyone. .One day at a time starting today.
----------immediate responses--------

You seem to know what you need to do so it's time to start. Personally I don't think moderation really works. I know for me it was a complete joke. I'm an all or nothing drinker. ..One of the many issues alcohol causes involve trust. While I'm sure you didn't do anything wrong would you really trust what someone told you they did or didn't do while they were drunk? I think most addicts have lied to those they love and a big part of recovery is winning back the right to be trusted...Stick around and you'll find lots of people willing to help....Good luck! 
Why are you scared to tell anyone?  Telling lies and keeping secrets is what fuels our disease. ..You deserve better. You can do this. 
I've been reading SD for about six months and yours is the first post that I could relate to 100%...It hits so close to home that I really don't know what to say...Except that you're not alone. And welcome.
Welcome home! Help is out there if you have the honesty open-mindedness and willingness to accept the help. Anything you may be feeling has been felt before and we all started with that first day... Congrats keep coming back...
Congrats on making a tough but healthy decision for yourself. ..I must say I think not telling the people in your life is a big mistake and is possibly setting yourself up for relapse. It's very difficult to go through such a difficult thing alone. Your family and friends are there for you to lean on so use them! Please talk to someone whether it be family or AA. While this community is incredibly supportive and helpful it isn't a substitute for talking to people and having a support system IRL. ..You can do this :) We are all here for support! One day at a time.
I lasted 10 days and thought well I will just go have a drink its not big deal 4 days later I'm anxious again and foggy and sick to my stomach just overall sick really AA sounds more and more promising I don't think I can do this alone. 
