-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y3a6a/the_man_without_legs/

http://www.twelvedrawings.com/metaphors-man-without-legs..The line from the book Alcoholics Anonymous "We are like men who have lost their legs; they never grow new ones." has always stuck out to me...No this is not a "Everyone must go to AA!" post.  AA is NOT the only way and each person has their personal journey..but this line alone stands out on its own to me....because in the past I've been SURE I've grown back my legs a few times.  ..I've been sure I couldn't drink...guilty about all of the terrible things I did when drinking felt bad about hurting myself and others....so I'd quit for a while and over time I'd conveniently become certain "my legs grew back" and I could drink again...This isn't happening this time.  I've struggled a few times recently but I go back to the same notebook I wrote in during my first month...where I wrote down a huge list of reasons I realized I couldn't drink anymore...a list of people I've hurt and ways alcohol has damaged my life......So when that idea of "Well what harm would some chicken Marsala with some real marsala do me?  It is just a little bit of alcohol!" or "What would it hurt to have a single glass of wine like a normal person" I remember......A man without legs doesn't grow them back...Stay sober my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

This is an intriguing concept. We should treat our alcoholism like a limb that has been amputated or a part of out brain that has been cut out that cannot under any circumstances grow back. Some could use that as part of their inner mantra. I like that :)..I'm glad you went back you your notebook and are staying strong. One day at a time!
What to do with all the shoes?
One of my metaphors is about railroad tracks in my brain. Had to abandon the line I was on because I kept getting derailed. Had to lay some new track painstakingly segment by segment. The old tracks are still there but I just don't use 'em anymore.
