-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y4k3d/home_alone_for_the_weekend/

Hmm this would normally be an opportunity for me to sit alone isolate myself from the world and drink copious amount of vodka. Binge myself into oblivion or at least until I blacked out. Then do it again once I woke up...My SO has gone on a climbing/hiking trip which was booked a while ago and recently after some awful relapses in my attempts at sobriety there have been some serious arguments lying and trust issues between us. I know my SO is worrying about being away as I type this...So I see this weekend as a challenge and to prove both to me and SO that I *can* do this. I don't have to pick up that drink. I am the one who is responsible. ..I have a few things planned which will keep me occupied and present one of them being a trip to the DIY place to pick up some paint. I'm going to decorate our spare bedroom to brighten it up as a surprise...I have numbers from my local support group at the ready in case of any sudden urges I can call them. And I have this place to come to if I need some reminders. But at the top of my list my number one priority each day will be to not drink just for TODAY. My goal will be to go to bed sober tonight...Hope everyone has a great weekend full of doing productive things :)
----------immediate responses--------

One thing that may be helpful if you are working is to hit a Friday meeting after work.  Wake up to a Saturday meeting and even consider am afternoon and a night meeting and the same with Sunday.  For me the meetings help the urge of wanting to drink..  .  edit: Also remember just one day at a time!
I'm not drinking with you /u/hopetochange
I'm with you on this road. One day at a time..
You can do this! Beat the weekend triggers and you got this. 
Great plan!
I'm in the same situation this weekend! I used to LOVE having the place to myself. I could get as drunk as I wanted and unless I burnt the place down no one would ever know. ..Not this weekend though my friend. We'll stay sober this weekend and on Monday no one will be pissed at us and it'll be glorious. 
Good on you HTC ! You can do this! I'm not drinking with you! .We shall be 'WEEKEND WARRIORS' take care and keep in touch : )
I still get that feeling of excitement when I know I have the house to my self for a weekend.  For what ever reason my mind immediately starts to think about the perfect opportunity to drink endlessly without fear of judgement or the need to hide it.  So I know exactly what you are going through ;)  The feeling of satisfaction is so much sweeter when you wake up on Monday having not picked up the bottle.  Good luck and may your creative mind be free in the spare bedroom.
