-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y584g/one_year_i_made_it_around_the_sun/

I remember not thinking I could ever be happy...Like so many of us I always drank to fill a void though in retrospect perhaps "fill" isn't the right word. I drank to /forget/ the void albeit temporarily. Unfortunately that eventually stopped working for me. One year ago last night on the last night that I drank alcohol stopped filling the void and ended up ripping it open wider. I didn't want to live didn't want to exist didn't want to keep feeling the pain of missing things that I couldn't even identify. I managed to reach out to a sober friend (and fellow SDer!) who forced me to a meeting the next day. I'll forever be grateful for her insistence since I tried hard to get out of it so I could drink again. ..Now I sit here a year later realizing that the void I always felt is...gone. For the most part at least; I'm sure all humans whether alcoholic or not feel it to some extent but gone is the raging gaping maddening hole I could always feel. ..What's changed between then and now? I actually had to think about that. I think the difference between sober me and alcoholic me is that sober me has self-respect. When I'm drunk I care about /nothing/. I drove drunk I worried my friends I slacked off at work and missed deadlines I spent money like crazy. Basically I didn't care about anything but being drunk. Now I find myself actively working on maintaining healthy friendships working hard at work being cognizant of my spending and just being a more careful and thoughtful person overall. And you know what? It's paying off in spades. ..Change is slow- none of this happened overnight. This is literally the result of an entire year of hard work. But now I can say I have some very good friends. I love my job and though I still make mistakes am progressing and learning and feel beyond fortunate to work in such a healthy environment that allows for an expects mistakes and growth. I've even impressed a few coworkers! My drinking debt is steadily decreasing (had to quit credit cards entirely for that to really take effect) and I should be debt-free in a year or so. There are still plenty of struggles and some days are bad days but even on those days I feel grateful. Because I'd NEVER have been able to have this if I was still drinking. ..I feel joy. It sounds so cheesy but that's what it is. A happiness that comes not from a substance but from building a happy and healthy life. I'm so so grateful and would never have done this without SD's help. So thank you...I am immensely grateful for the help of everyone here. ..If you're struggling today and not seeing the positives remember that change is slow. It takes time to build but it's so so worth it. There will be bad days but the worst sober day is still infinitely better than the best drunk day. Thank you all....we can do this!..
----------immediate responses--------

OMG OMG OMG YAY YAY. Im so stoked for you and proud ;befriend /me hugs \o/ gives glitter and all the internet..Seriously you inspire me and this post is a brilliant way to start my day. ..This La Croix is for you keep being awesome friend
Congrats! Being sober has so many benefits thanks for sharing and have a great year 2
     Wooooot! Awesome is yeahhh! Awesome is yeahhh!     
YEAHHH!
(    )    ..Delighted for you \o/
Congrats!! Really happy for you. It's been a joy to watch you pick yourself up get sober and get your life on track over the past couple years. Thanks for the friendship and tunes and also for everything you do in the SD chatroom to help others welcome new folks and brighten everyone's day...&gt;I drank to /forget/ the void albeit temporarily. Unfortunately that eventually stopped working for me. [...] I'm sure all humans whether alcoholic or not feel it to some extent..Totally agree... it's a problem endemic to being alive. But for us the stakes are just a little bit higher. When drinking to avoid that void stopped working for me there was nothing else left. It was both terrifying and freeing at the same time. The nice thing is we only have to have that moment of clarity once. ..Be proud of yourself and go [celebrate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_rwBgLpAFs) today you deserve it!.
Neat.  One more orbital rotation of the moon and I'll be there with you.
Congrats! You make the irc chan a fantastic place.
Fantastic!
&gt;I feel joy...Congratulations! Keep going I hear it keeps getting better and better :)
Woo congratulations! .&gt; happiness that comes not from a substance but from building a happy and healthy life...This is what I'm in it for. Thanks for the inspiring post!
Great post to read thank you &amp; congrats on 1 year... awesome :)
Congrats on the year! I'm so happy I found this sub. I was having some real trouble staying positive about my sobriety lately but thanks to this sub I have a new daily pledging routine! So greatful! I will no longer subject myself to the void the emptiness I felt while drinking was immense. If you can live a year sober so can I! Thanks for the inspiration.. Have a great day. 
[deleted]
Congrats to you! You have done hard work here. I enjoy seeing you in the SD chat and I can tell you are on a better path without the booze. Big hugs! - pseudo
Congratulations!  That title blew my mind.  I'm only 1/12th the way round.. but I'm on my way
yeahhh: live!
High fav fellow year bro!..Edit: Gonna leave my spelling mistake.
ugghh so many words...congrats anyway
Oh yeah.Oh yeah.Oh yeaohyeahohyeah
Awesome!!!! Congrats and keep it up!
Awesome! Congratulations! Needed some positivity today. Thanks for sharing.
WAY TO FUCKING GO! I typically avoid swearing but this is a big fucking deal.
&gt; I feel joy. It sounds so cheesy but that's what it is. ..Cheese makes me happy so cheesily joyful sounds about right. ..*ponders if anyone has ever made cheese their higher power....?*..Amazingly awesomely stupendous theyretheretheir3!  Congratulations! Your post made me grin ear to ear.  :-)
Congratulations you are a DINO now!  Look for your invite.
Congratulations!  I can relate to much of what you write here especially the spending...I can't believe how much I didn't care.
[deleted]
[deleted]
WOW!!!  Soooooo encouraging and exciting!!  Happy Birthday!  :)
Awesome!
Congratulations and thanks for sharing.  Insightful posts like yours are an inspiration.
