-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yck03/day_1_anxiety_about_seeing_a_doctor_for_anxiety/

I've struggled the last couple of years to quit drinking on my own but I can never go longer than two days before severe anxiety hits me...I'm absolutely terrified to be honest with a doctor about my drinking because I'm afraid they won't treat my anxiety. I've found therapists helpful with emotional stuff and thought patterns but my anxiety is a physiological medical issue. I've had panic attacks hit me out of the blue and the only thing that helps is medication. I know I can be responsible with a limited prescription and I don't think I can quit drinking without treating my anxiety...My biggest fears about going to the doctor are having them refuse medications and labeling me as a drug seeking addict sending me back to my therapist to fix my medical problems or being forced into an inpatient treatment program. In my mind these are all rational fears...I just moved to a new city and this will be my first visit with a PCP...Have any of you had positive experiences with your primary care about quitting alcohol? Do you have any tips - what to say what not to say? What to expect? ..TLdr: I drink to calm my nerves I can't quit without treating my anxiety. My anxiety is keeping me from seeing a doctor..
----------immediate responses--------

My anxiety all but vanished once I quit drinking...Oh man I can remember the days after drinking when it would be absolutely viscous!..Tell your PCP exactly what's up...let him/her use their years of education and knowledge to help you...if you don't tell them everything you're wasting your time (and his).....
Hi there. In my experience the alcohol makes the anxiety worse and once I was in that cycle it was very difficult to get out. I was frustrated by advice that told me I needed to stop drinking to deal with the anxiety and not the reverse. In retrospect I feel that advice was correct for me....However I have also been in the throes of acute anxiety while drinking chronically to excess and being suicidal (this was 2 years before my recovery started) and my Dr helped me through this time immensely. I laid it all out and told him everything that I was up to (all of it no good). It took awhile but I eventually sorted things and here I am. His non-judgemental help was an important piece of the puzzle. Honesty is the only policy here as far as I am concerned. The mechanics of it is like this - you go ask for help you listen with an open heart if it isn't enough help or the right kind of help you go ask for help again...and so on. I can muster the resilience to ask more than one person for help. You can do it too if you have to so try to stay in the present and focus on today. You can do this.
[deleted]
To echo what /u/joeblough and /u/silverbiddy said my anxiety has all but vanished now that I don't drink. It took some getting used to and work with a therapist at first but the initial swell in anxiety has given way to days upon days of feeling like I'm okay no matter what happens...Couple things about anxiety treatment and they're important. First a primary care physician is a great first person to talk to about drinking and anxiety. As /u/joeblough said though if you're not telling them everything then you are wasting time. In my opinion any great primary care physician will refer you to a psychiatrist. The reason is this: a psychiatrist and a PCP have the same medical school training but the psychiatrist chose to specialize in the brain and behavior. People with anxiety disorders (I count myself among them) have have brain and behavior problems...I saw a psychiatrist and I'm glad that I did. My PCP had prescribed me Xanax for my panic disorder to use in those acute situations when I felt a panic attack was imminent. This was helpful of course. Xanax is a great drug but it treats a symptom (panic attack) and not the cause (brain chemicals etc.) Also it can be habit-forming and alcoholics are addicts. I'll skip ahead...my psychiatrist understood my anxiety understood why my PCP prescribed Xanax but explained that there was a good chance my panic disorder could be treated by using an everyday SSRI (Lexapro). And you know what? She was right. Since I've been using a daily SSRI I almost never feel the need to take a Xanax. Panic attacks have all but completely disappeared. The great part about the SSRI? It's not habit forming and it's totally fine to prescribe to someone with an addiction problem...Jeez I now feel like a total shill for Lexapro. Meh...TL;DR...PCPs are great but psychiatrists have the key to controlling your panic disorder alcoholic or not. THIS IS MY OPINION and experience not intended as medical advice.
Drinking caused my anxiety.  Without the alcohol--no anxiety....SSRI's helped me before but now I don't need them.  I am calm as a monk without alcohol in my life.
Phew your post gave me anxiety and the circular logic made me dizzy. And all of it sounded familiar...Relax. As others have said I found that the drinking cause my anxiety and as soon as I got a handle on that things calmed down a lot. The right doctor will understand completely. Trust that drinking is the issue and not the cure (or at least the treatment) and we're here to help. Good luck!
