-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yf8wd/54_days_sober_and_wanting_a_drink/

I typed this all out once and accidentally deleted it. This is going to be fairly long you've been warned. ..I'm very proud of my 54 days of no drinking but I've found myself craving one this week especially right now and here's why..Last week I hurt my back while doing laundry. Went to the doctor got painkillers and muscle relaxers was told to rest and go back to work in two days. No big deal. Then my back started getting worse. My neck started hurting and I started having severe sharp pains down my leg. Google my symptoms and it sounds like a sciatic nerve problem. I'm going back to the doctor tomorrow to see what they suggest. That's bad enough but it's been really hard because I live alone and I have had zero help with anything the last week. My mom lives an hour away but is suffering from a bout of depression and is currently mad at me over some silly remark she took the wrong way and hasn't spoken to me since I got hurt. My boyfriend lives two hours away. All of this has caused my own relapse into depression. I feel helpless. I am just so upset. All I want is a whiskey and coke. I won't do it because my will power is stronger than my craving  but goddamn I want one. ..I don't pray personally but prayers and good vibes would certainly be appreciated right now. Thank you r/stopdrinking for all of the amazing support. I love you guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

I find one of the strongest gateways for me is painkillers not only was it my main choice of a side to go with the drink but it also seems to dissipate my will power. I can't even take my anti-anxiety medication anymore because I'll tend to lose myself and make bad choices.
Drinking won't help your sciatica (if it's that!) I get it off and on. Two things make it worse that I can tackle: my weight boozing won't help that and my posture and sleeping position. Passing out drunk = bad sleeping position. If I sleep on my back I'm f*cked the entire next day! Now I'm sober I've started actively working on losing weight and strengthening those weakened muscles. ..Good luck at the doctor. There's a lot of stuff you can do to ease sciatica if it's that 
Back pain is fucking horrible and I sympathise with you.As has been said stay away from painkillers if at all possible! Muscle relaxers in small amounts early in the day if nessecary to get moving. The things that helped me the most were excercise and weight loss (excercise obviously after the pain is lessened). A huge help for me is massage therapy.A good massage therapist is worth their weight in gold.If you have not tried I cannot recommend it enough.It can be very painful at the time but after is like magic.
