-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yfs33/reflections_on_half_a_year/

So here I am sitting on a little over a half a year of sobriety.  A moment that I had fantasized about frequently on that fateful day of September 7 2014 the day that is and forever shall be the most eventful important day of my life.  Even if I were to theoretically go back to drinking (not that I'm planning on it mind you) that day would still not lose its power since it was the day that I was honest with myself and others for the first time in my adult life.  It was the day that I admitted all the truths that had been bottled up within my conscious and set them free amongst all the other specters of imperfection in our flawed but impossibly beautiful and hopeful world.  It was the day in which I began my journey to be who I am meant to be...I have read a lot of literature about addiction been to meetings and therapy talked to dozens of people about this situation and every time I try to figure out the whys and hows of The "A" Word I take one step forward and two steps back.  What is it really?  How do you define it?  Is it curable?  AM I ONE?  Ultimately I discovered that the answer to those questions really doesn't matter.  I'll leave those questions to be answered by people smarter than myself.  All I know is that alcohol is a powerful debilitating poison that has never made anybody's life better but has made plenty of peoples' lives worse...Allen Carr's book has helped me more than any other piece of literature or advice that I've encountered.  I encourage anybody new to sobriety or anybody considering sobriety read it right away (sidebar for more info on that.)  I still struggle with desire to drink on occasion which baffles me since I do believe Mr. Carr's perception that alcohol offers no benefits.  I believe this is due to my [euphoric recall](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euphoric_recall).  Funny that link says that it's a factor in substance abuse AND anger problems.  Five words that could describe the entirety of my existence when I was drinking...I also struggle with thoughts of "Well maybe I could control my drinking this time!"  Maybe I could maybe not.  But I don't really want to.  The only perceived benefit I got from drinking was the way it made me feel.  I hated the way alcohol tasted and smelled but of course I was willing to overlook all of that for the "buzz" that I thought was so great.  Honestly looking back on it now the way alcohol made me feel isn't as good as waking up sober feels.  In addition to that I started noticing later in my drinking career (I don't know why it feels proper to call it that but it seemed like my job at the time) that drinking felt less good and lasted less time and hangovers felt worse and lasted longer...Yeah I don't want to control my drinking.  I want to learn to live a happy healthy fulfilling sober life.  Early in my sobriety I got angry because I had convinced myself that I could no longer "have it all."  I could have everything else in life but since I couldn't drink I could never have a perfect life.  Well that's a load of shit.  We can and do "have it all."  More so than the drinkers even the moderate and light drinkers!  I really do believe that!  My girlfriend thinks it's weird that I believe that a certain intelligence comes from complete sobriety after a period of complete drunkenness but I really think that we have a new outlook on life and a wisdom that only comes from escaping a darkness.  When somebody learns that they're going to die soon they live life to the fullest like every day is their last.  We get that AND get to live.  I'd say that's pretty cool...I've also come to realize that I love myself.  Really I do.  I struggled with depression and anxiety when I was drinking and still do sometimes but it's much more manageable now.  I used to think that my thoughts and opinions didn't matter since I wasn't unique but now I know that's not true.  Every person on this planet matters and all we have is ourselves.  Nobody who has ever lived has been you.  Everybody has a story to tell and a life to live and I can think of nothing more wonderful than that.  I am determined to leave this planet a better place than I left it and I am finally convinced that I can do that in one lifetime.  Even the part of me that is addicted to alcohol is beautiful and I wouldn't give that part up either even if I could.  Like I said I think a certain wisdom comes with sobriety...Things get better I promise.
----------immediate responses--------

What an amazing post thank you so much for sharing :)
Congrats on 6 months.  I agree with you on the idea.. that a certain intelligence comes after a period of drunkenness.  I sometimes wonder if I would be so appreciative  so thankful so motivated  so grateful for every day if I hadn't spent a period of time in the dark place. I don't know how to put it into words  but I am somehow  thankful for the lows because they make the good times seem so high. I am in no way really  "thankful"  for the years I spent drinking but I think yall know what I mean.  
Great stuff. Congrats on the wisdom you gained!
Welcome to the club alcoholism is my greatest gift. 
Congratulations on six months!! ..&gt;AM I ONE? Ultimately I discovered that the answer to those questions really doesn't matter. ..Damn right. ..&gt;I've also come to realize that I love myself. ..This. is. so. important. I am so proud. You are so wonderful. You are a badass. ..Again Congrats on the six months!! Keep going!! And thank you so much for sharing your wisdom. 
Awesome tremendous fabulous post.  Happy 6 months!
Congrats on six months! Embrace that wisdom and love!
A lot of great insights in this post /u/InsertEdgyNameHere. Totally agree on finally seeing the rationalizations of what drinking actually does. Very happy for your 6 month accomplishment and your transformation. :)
Amazing! Thanks for sharing &amp; congrats on making your life better for yourself :)
Awesome post! On the 11th I share 6 months with you. Stay strong and DON'T DRINK and enjoy a healthy sober life!
I agree with this wholeheartedly! The feeling of waking up sober is better than any feeling while drunk
Great post. Congratulations. Your words are inspiring! Take care :)
&gt;a wisdom that only comes from escaping a darkness..Your post just about proves this hypothesis. It is remarkably intelligent and insightful. I too believe that after the greatest darkness - and the anguish our mistakes always bring us - the greatest insights spring forth. Nice to see this confirmed by another. Stay free. It's important.
The way out is through...I think Jung wrote this. Our addictions I believe are the means through which we grow to know who we really are. The albatross becomes wings that allow us to fly. For me it was a way to spirituality and faith in God. ..You are a brave and compassionate soul to share this story. Best of luck to you. Continue to write and share your story. You give those who struggle hope. Another blessing that surprises most of us. 
