-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yiruf/1st_night_self_imposed_sobriety_struggling_not_to/

I have had at least 4 drinks a night average a 1/2 pint and two minis to a 1/2 fifth and a few minis a night to all out blackout for the last 10 years.  I have been to rehab about 4 years ago when it got so bad I was drinking 24/7 and felt like I was going to die did 30 days and was sober for an agonizing 2 months before slowly starting up again.  I could not stand AA I went to meetings every day during that time tried new ones all the time but found that it really was not for me.  I have learned to "manage" it so I am not drinking 24/7 but still I can't live my life like this.  I have found something I actually want to do with my life that I think I will be happy with but drinking is still holding me back from achieving that goal...So tonight I am done with it or at least I am trying not to go out and get a drink.  If I can this will be truly my first night that I haven't gotten drunk because I really didn't want to.  I have spent the last week cutting down only 4 drinks last night so its not too bad physically but my mind is tearing me up with wanting to just say fuck it and get a few drinks...Any suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of you. It takes a lot of will power to do what you are doing. I have 432 days sober and I haven't been to a meeting once. It's just not for me either. I like to do just what I'm doing here. ..Think about how proud of yourself you'll feel tomorrow if you don't drink tonight. When things get really bad for me and I start to crave alcohol I make a deal with myself. I tell myself that I can always drink tomorrow. Today I'm going to have another sober day but tomorrow who knows. ..The trick is to make that deal with yourself everyday. Take it one day at a time. Don't worry about getting a week sober 2 months sober or 432 days sober. Just don't drink today. Repeat tomorrow. Keep it simple. ..You can do this! 
Finding activities to replace drinking is helping me especially ones incompatible with drinking like exercise.  Good luck!
I tried externalizing that voice that was telling me to drink. I called it "Evan."..(Apologies to anyone named Evan I knew a real jerk named Evan once.)..Whenever my stupid brain would tell me to have a stupid drink I'd tell Evan to shut up. ..Evan is a really really REALLY annoying and persistent jerk especially for the first few days. But you are stronger than Evan. Way stronger. And Evan doesn't have arms. All he can do is whine and whine and try to talk you into picking up a drink. But you're way way stronger and cooler and smarter than he is. You'll show him. 
Tell it to 'back the fuck off' and stay strong :). It's the sneaky drunk brain aka the itty bitty shitty committee that will always pipe up with underhand and unexpected suggestions on getting you tanked -because it's fun because you were never that bad because you can just have one right because it's almost the weekend/sunny outside/no one will know...Yeah it's a total terrorist. I try to catch those thoughts as they form and rationally think 'ok but what will happen next'. So far it has worked. Good luck to you you're definitely not alone.
Breathe. You can do this. :)
