-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yjer2/drinking_smoking/

Go hand in hand. I  haven't smoked full time for a few years now but every time I drank I had to have a cigarette. When I wasn't drinking I used nicotine patches / lozenges. I'm still a nicotine addict!! I've tried to stop nicotine in the past and made it to 3 weeks I find the nicotine much much harder to stop than alcohol the withdrawal is pretty intense. ..Anyway I've started to get a handle on the drink over the past few months (Apart from a few relapses) and have started cutting down on the nicotine but really want to cut it out once and for all...Is it a good idea to attempt sobriety and cut out nicotine at the same time? Too much?..Anyone got any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I never really was a big smoker I smoked but not a lot. Except when I was drinking then I would smoke a whole lot more. When I quit drinking my smoking rocketed from about 5 or 6 smokes a day to about 30. After the second week my body unconsciously started to taper down now I back to about 5 a day. I am thinking of quitting all together now because if I'm trying to get healthy I might as well do it properly and also just to prove to myself that I can. But smoking helps in the beginning no two ways about it.  
Since I'm not an expert I can't give you any recommendations but being a full time smoker and former professional drunk I decided against quitting both at the same time...Stop smoking and quitting nicotine is hard for anyone. Stop drinking is *very* hard for some people. Doing both at the same time is a challenge I didn't want...I absolutely plan to stop using nicotine in any form but this is a long term goal for me. Stop drinking smoking starting to excersize... all goals. But I'm playing the long game now. Not living from day to day like I used to with my drinking getting instant gratification and that means I have to accept things take time...That I have to take it one thing at a time. And right now I've hopefully dealt with my most imminent drinking problems now to sort out my home. Then to stop smoking..
I quit smoking first now maybe 5+ years. Then the booze. :)
I smoked a lot more when I was drinking because for me a cigarette tasted good with a drink..Now cigarettes taste pretty awful and I have cut back to two or three a day..But I am still not willing to completely quit:/ .I say I want to make sure I have a total grip on my sobriety first but I think the more honest story is that I am just procrastinating as usual..Deep down I know quitting smoking would NOT make me drink. And I agree with you it is about a thousand times more difficult for me to give up the nicotine.
i quit smoking first with E cig. It was a freakin breeze compared to alcohol but everyone is different. Best of luck!
I used Wellbutrin to quit a 2 pack/day habit. It was so easy it felt like cheating. After about a week of taking it while continuing to smoke cigarettes suddenly became the most disgusting thing I could imagine and I never looked back... I wish there was a drug that worked similarly with alcohol.
I don't have any advice but I wanted to let you know you're not alone. Today is my smoking quit day. All of 2 hours into it thus far...Best of luck! There IS a /r/stopsmoking sub but I don't know enough about it to recommend or dissuade.
