-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ykzv1/folks_in_the_food_and_bev_industry_what_are_your/

I'm in the process of trying to remove drinking from my life for reasons familiar to you all but there's one problem: I'm a bartender. Yes I realize I need to get the hell out of the industry and I'm working on steps to accomplish this but in the short term the reality is that slinging drinks pays my rent. ..Obviously there's a lot of pressure from customers and coworkers to join in on the "party" and staying out of the bar on days I'm struggling isn't always possible when a shift is scheduled.  My question to those of you who've found yourselves in similar situations during the process of recovery is: how did you do it? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey friend the first thing I'd offer is a gentle reminder that you're not alone - there are a lot of sober folks in this industry. I didn't see them for years when I was busy drinking my life away but they're all around. It's hard in an industry where showing up wrecked from a big night is almost expected to recognise that our drinking is a problem so kudos to you...I'm a bartender working on a change of career also. I found a mental disconnect between the bottles behind the bar and my personal experiences with their contents critical. 's just liquid. I marvel at the money folks drop on it. I tune into the state of intox of my customers - the ones who I know are not in control. I also look at the ones who come in and nurse a pint all night and know that I am not like them...More practically I make sure someone always knows what time I'm due to finish/be home to help hold myself accountable...A few of my favourite reasons not to join in that tend to shut down the conversation quickly enough are that I've not been sleeping well and am trying a month or so beer-free (people seem to argue less if I'm not suggesting quitting forever which is sad on all kinda levels) or that I have a friend who's pregnant/newly sober and I'm supporting them.
Just a thought these may or may not work.Beer- gluten intolerant. .Spirits - ulcer 
Talk to your boss about your desire to stay sober.  I was in the industry for quite a while and you can tell customers that the boss will fire you if you get drunk on shift/ in the bar.  If your boss is cool they will back you up on this.  And customers can be sympathetic to the plea of "I really need this job."..Or if you don't want to do that tell them you are taking up some sport or other and are doing a 30 (60 90 etc) day juice fast and can't have anything else.  ..Also "not right now" is a good answer.  It's a more vague way of saying no without sounding harsh.
Hey there I work in a bar at the weekends and have just done my first sober weekend at work. For me was not really my shift and being surrounded by booze that was the issue as usually it is so busy there's not really any time to think it about it I think also similar to what peanutchowder said its about thinking that its just liquid and im just doing my job and selling people drinks and not really thinking about it. ..A big suprise for me when I started in the bar was i actually enjoyed being sober at the party it gave me a totally different perspective and found that I was still able to have fun and a laugh with people without having had a drink which i never thought I could also seeing people when they were really drunk helped me reflect on my drinking and think god am i like that! ..However the hardest part for me was after work and we had closed the bar as that was when we would all stay and have drinks and at first i would just have one or two but it quickly escalated into some pretty crazy drinking sessions and I developed a bit of a name for myself and after every shift was asked to stay for drinks off course when i was still drinking I thought this was great and that everyone really liked me as they were always asking me to stay for drinks..This weekend I had to say no at least 15 times to staying for a drink and was even told to stop being a wanker. I thought being asked to stay for a drink would be really hard to say no too but once I had said it once I found every time I was asked after just made me more determined to stick to my guns and was annoyed they kept asking also was walking home feeling so proud that I had done it. ..I think the next few weekends are going to be tough and i am going to be asked alot to stay for drinks but I think if i stick to my guns and say no they will eventually stop asking. .I really enjoy my job and want to stick at it and make it work. The other day we had a barmaid in to help out and she was offered a drink and said no i dont drink and had an alcohol free beer so I know that it is possible and there must be quite a few people who do it. This weekend just gone has really motivated me to stick at and stay sober!
You will be amazed at the support you will get.  Probably because they don't have the guts to quit. I usually go with "I stopped drinking" "I realized I'm a bad drunk so I quit" "I have a lot going on and I need a clear head" "I'm way more fun sober"... I also confided in a couple of friends that I work with and at least that's 2 more people that aren't offering me drinks.  I also found a late night AA that I go to after work which was my biggest problem.. getting shitfaced after work.  You will be surprised at everyone's reaction.  It's usually pretty positive and they're generally respectful and supportive.  Good luck!.
