-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yl86x/almost_ten_months_and_deeply_aggravated/

I'm 23 years old male and had my last drink on May 18 2014.  Prior to that week long binge which ended with me in the hospital tossing up blood from gastritis I was a 24/7 drinker (30 drinks/units a day) for more than a year and an everyday drinker (not 24/7 though) for several years...While drinking I maintained extraordinarily high grades leadership positions and completed internships with two well-regarded politicians.  With much shame I even delivered a commencement address drunk but fortunately no one caught on.  I tell you all this so you get the picture that I am not socially handicapped or unwilling to try and better my life.  ..Despite having all the opportunities in the world being a very upfront and outgoing person and many hobbies/interests nothing brings me joy.  I'm a very likeable person and probably the most comfortable person in the room however I can't seem to build any relationships with anyone beyond the acquaintance level...Happiness seems to revolve around money status and how many friends you have.  I work downtown on Friday and Saturday nights and see all these groups of people through the windows of the watering holes.  I secretly wonder where everyone found all these good-looking friends if they actually enjoy each other's company and if I will ever be able to go out and enjoy myself.   ..I am extraordinarily envious of people who can drink.  Therefore even if I got invited to go out to a bar or a party I would probably decline because it would put me in an awful mood or even worse cause me to relapse.   ..I thought that as I came into my 20's and succeeded in college my life would change;  I would find a job that filled me up and maybe some friends whose company I could enjoy on a Friday night.  ..It all seems impossible now.  I've worked an office job;  everyone just goes out to the bars after work or even drinking in the office on special occasions.  ..It doesn't bother me that I am an alcoholic but it bothers me that I can't find any happiness being sober...Drinking was my one joy in life until it became a complete "hell on earth" scenario/medical emergency.  ..Alcoholics Anonymous drives me insane.  It's a bunch of middle aged people talking about problems that don't even have to do with alcoholism.  Even worse sometimes a bunch of young brats addicted to heroin.  Furthermore anytime I go out with a big group of people from AA to get food or whatever I always feel like I can't relate to anyone - they talk about pop culture stuff that I just don't follow or care about.  ..I'm realizing that deep down inside the only things that make me happy are alcohol sex and public speaking.  Maybe I am an egotistical piece of shit destined for unhappiness.  It's funny though in conversation you would never get that feeling from me.  I make it a priority to not talk about myself and listen reflectively.  Maybe I just care too much to be cool in the eyes of other people.  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm realizing that deep down inside the only things that make me happy are alcohol sex and public speaking. Maybe I am an egotistical piece of shit destined for unhappiness. It's funny though in conversation you would never get that feeling from me. I make it a priority to not talk about myself and listen reflectively. Maybe I just care too much to be cool in the eyes of other people...&gt;It's a bunch of middle aged people talking about problems that don't even have to do with alcoholism. ..So I fucking relate...When I was in treatment I had fucking 20 year old kids with three years sober who had dropped out of fucking high school telling me what to do. I fucking graduated college with a double major drunk toured across the country with a few bands drunk and you're a fucking dropout and you're telling me what to do?..And what the fuck do steps two through twelve have to do with fucking drinking? NOTHING. What the fuck is the point of all this?..I was in therapy and I was in outpatient and they were dragging me to all these fucking AA meetings. My therapist told me I was fucking crazy. (I had a good therapist. He had 25 years clean off heroin. He was one of those young brats. And now he's yelling at me.)..So anyways I eventually realized that deep down I was an egotistical narcissist who depended on other people's opinions to feel good about myself. I assumed at any given time that I was better than the people around me: more moral more intelligent more wise and most importantly more interesting...They had me do some of that fucking stupid stepwork and I saw that I went through my life being arrogant better and fucking alone. So as it turned out through therapy and AA stepwork I changed the parts of myself slowly that were narcissistic. I rounded some of the edges off. I made friends with those high school dropouts moved in with them and spent my early twenties (I got sober at 24) trying to get fucking bratty kids sober in AA and as a treatment counselor. I lived in a shitty apartment made no fucking money working shit jobs went to six AA meetings a week with young kids (young peoples AA) watched shitty movies and yelled at the TV joined a fucking shitty rock band for awhile drove around town drinking coffee at 1 AM getting sleep deprived as fuck...It was the best time of my life. Getting sober was about changing the person that I was into someone I was happy with when I was sober. ..I won't tell you what to do I don't even know how to find the way forward for you as you are a different person than me. But we are similar in many ways. I'm 29 now and have spent most of my 20s sober. If I had been totally emotionally developed by the time I was 24 I would have a very sad life today. Thankfully in sobriety and in recovery there was so much more to be discovered....EDIT: Holy Hell Multiposts
[deleted]
[deleted]
I won't judge you or your opinions. they're your own and as long as you're not hurting anyone I'd say you should live life how YOU want to live it....If you don't like AA don't go. If you want to drink go for it. ..But if you're drinking alcohol to an amount that you yourself felt the need to go to AA in the first place it isn't good for you and you should seriously consider getting rid of it. You're young now but your physical and mental health will be in RUINS if you keep it up. You can very well die from it as many of my family members have died young from booze...Weigh that consequence vs your happiness at the current moment. I won't tell you which choice is right.
[deleted]
That's what I'm worried about AA. I'm going to my first meeting tonight and don't know what to expect. I'm in my early 20's went to a great school and have a successful career. I too am a narcissistic asshole and love the sound of my own voice. But I'm keeping an open mind.
Happiness seems to revolve around money status and how many friends you have..Ah the MTV generation :). Nope the fuck out of that statement my friend. In my humble experience happiness revolves around a great many things large and small and can be in the depth of your relationships with your loved ones - friends or family number insignificant in a smile of someone you care about knowing you have made them happy in a sudden ray of sunshine on your otherwise shitty walk to or from work in an unexpected gift of someone's small kindness towards you that day...And as my very wise dad once said - as you grow up you realise that everything in this life worth having is hard work - and that includes being happy. It is not a God given gift quite often it is a state of mind that you have to mindfully and persistently encourage all the fucking time. And it can be exhausting. But that's just life. In trying to notice and be grateful for the little things in everyday life that make me smile and bring me a modicum of joy and in taking time out to do things for others - both neighbours and through charity - these are the things that have made me happy (ier). Perhaps it will be so for you. Well done on your 10 months of sobriety - that's awesome work. 
I hear you. It seems that each decade of life has its own challenges that we each have to figure out. When I was in my 20's I seriously worried that I was a sociopath - then it occurred to me that sociopaths probably don't worry about being sociopaths. Just like people who aren't alcoholics don't worry about whether or not they're alcoholics.....The best advice that I can give you based on my own experience is that it's all about defining what success means to you. There was a point when I never considered "success" not meaning a lot of money. Now money isn't even part of the definition for me. Like the song says: it's about wanting what you have not having what you want. Perhaps it's time to redefine your expectations and to have an honest discussion with yourself about who are and want to be. And don't be too hard on self-love! Doesn't the Bible say "Love thyself"? I mention that not to endorse any religion but to point out that we realised long ago that you have to love yourself before you can expect others to love you. You need to believe in who you are...Congratulations on 10 months! I wish you all the best!!!
