-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ysr0d/youll_never_stop_so_why_try/

Alright this is my first post and it's going to be a long one because I am seriously floundering today. As a bit of a background here I've been struggling with an eating disorder for 5 years and alcoholism for 3. Sorry if this isn't well formatted I'm just typing as fast as I can to hopefully get this out there and get some words of advice from someone... You didn't stop. You'll never stop. Why should you try .My mom said this to me this morning after finding out I drank some tequila (I don't remember doing this or when it would have happened  Nowhere inside of the past few months though).I've been abstaining from alcohol for 3 months or so now and have been feeling more and more like I need to drink. This morning (prior to my mom saying that to me) I stole 20$ from her purse immediately regretted it and handed it back to her saying I wanted to drink and I'm sorry. She instantly became furious with me telling me how some tequila she had bought was still wrapped up but empty (could it have leaked because I don't remember ever drinking a 26 of tequila?...) and how now I'm just stealing from her (it was incredibly hard for me to tell her I had taken that she never responds calmly even if I am apologizing which just makes it that much harder for me to do.).When my mom is pissed off she can be a lot more cruel and harming than I think she may realize. After this morning (I don't think I'll ever be opening up to her again any time soon) she became angry accusing me of drinking all of these bottles of alcohol she had (I never look around my mom's room for booze she doesn't drink. If I'm desperate I'll look around outside where my dad usually hides booze.) and in reply to my saying  I have stopped drinking at least for 2 months or however long it's been  she said  You didn't stop. You'll never stop. Why should you try.  There's no paraphrasing going on here this was verbatim what she said to me. Sometimes I wonder since she is a drug and addictions counsellor she knows exactly what to say to me to make me feel the lowest I possibly can. Those words she said to me are on a constant loop in my mind every single day and if someone else is wondering the same thing really why should I try? .I told my mom the other night that I get overly angry or upset when they accuse me of drinking (finding an empty bottle from who knows when because I'm tired etc.) because now I'm leading a life where no matter where I am in recovery I'm constantly dragged back down due to things I did when I was drinking. I know this isn't unique to me and addicts everywhere suffer the same experience but it really is terrible to be having a perfectly good day to have a stable mood and then suddenly be accused of drinking because an empty bottle was found. I feel like no matter where I go or what I do this phantom addiction will be following me everywhere I go not-quite-there but not-quite-gone reminding people of the things I've done the words I've said permanently marring me with the stigma of an addict..I'm struggling right now. I quit my job which was actually a main catalyst for 2 or 3-day binges and buying huge quantities of alcohol and hiding them all over the countryside which would in turn lead to random binges at an unpredictable time in the future. I feel relief from being away from a job that requires me to work whenever with no knowledge of when I might be off which I really don't think I can handle at the moment but I also feel eager to get a job with regular hours regular pay and a predictable schedule. I'm sort of caught between wanting/needing work and this intense fear of returning to work for fear of falling into old patterns and giving in to the whims of my addiction whenever I feel too overwhelmed..This is why the words  Why should you even try?  are tearing me up right now. Really why should I even try? I'll just fail at the next job I get because I'm this tanked up loser who in reality probably can't hold down a job to save my life. Why should I even try living? Why should I even try to get out of bed in the morning? Why should I even try to battle my eating disorder and why should I even try to abstain from alcohol? There's no fucking reason so why try..
----------immediate responses--------

So your dad hides booze your mom is an addiction counselor and you're the one whose being blamed when alcohol goes missing? Interesting...So why should you try? Well because if you don't you'll probably die. Trust me that's far less cool than it sounds particularly as you start to get close to it. And believe it or not as awful as having your feelings hurt is it's not as bad as being dead...Listen; I get that your mom has got your buttons - after all she installed them so she knows how they work. And I get that she's being unhelpful with her remarks (and seriously wtf?). However if you discover that nobody else gives a shit your response needs to be to care more not less. Nobody has been assigned to this life to save you - that's your job entirely. Shake yourself off and do your job. You're owed a life here and you need to stand up and claim it.
I have people who still think I'll never stop. But I did and life became something worth living for. I don't see much of the negative people anymore because I surround myself with people who help not hurt. Make the change regardless what people say....you are the only one that knows you to the core. I had the same feelings of being useless to society myself and my family. After a while of not drinking I turned that way of thinking around and now I use that old experience to help people not take the same road I did. All I had to change was everything....the alternative for me was death (probably the slow painful kind) so I did what I had to do to live.
because **DEATH**...Is it possible that life could be better than what you're experiencing right now?..Have you ever considered moving into a recovery home? Sober living? ..I don't know about you but I couldn't stay in that environment that you have yourself. I would leave...I'm not telling you what you should do maybe you should stay but I would leave I'd get out.
I spent a long time asking myself this.  And continuing to drink because I had this deep-seated fear inside myself that I couldn't do it.  I thought a lot of self-defeating things about myself and got into a total downward spiral that ended up with me puking up my guts in a police station.  After that I had to quit.  I had to do daily testing to see if I was drinking.  I still drank anyway.  They caught me.  Told me I would go to jail if I didn't stop.  So I finally stopped.  Because I didn't want to be in jail.  After a bit of sober time I started to see more and more reasons to stay that way.  Better relationships with my daughter and my boyfriend.  Raise at work.  Bills paid on time.  Hopes for the future.  I went from living in a 1-bedroom apartment and eating food from the dollar store to having a 5-bedroom house and food in the cupboards all the time.  But the best thing to get rid of?  The crippling fear and the self-doubt and the belief that I could never stop drinking never have any willpower never be happy and never have a good life.  ..Why try?  Because if you never try you can never succeed.
It sounds like you are living in a very toxic environment. Is there any way to move out?
