-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ysxkq/thirty_days/

I made it this far. ..I'm definitely having a much easier time of not drinking it's becoming less of a daily struggle. ..But can I tell you that I'm really super extremely lonely? I'm really lonely. ..I was lonely when I was drinking too. But I could always go out and drink and pretend not to be lonely. Now it's just me my sweet boyfriend my awesome dog and...this awful loneliness. ..I'm trying to be more proactive about making friends I'm in a new town where I've only lived for a year and I know it's probably going to get better. But all of my old strategies for making new friends involved drinking. Now I'm like "hi new person hope you like tea!"..Feeling a mixture of happy triumph and poor-me bummer. ..Thanks for listening y'all. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's pretty normal...and it does get better. I have said before on here- when I gave up alcohol it felt like a friend had died. My best friend. I was lonely until I found that direction I wanted to take. I had to just look around and be grateful that I hadn't lost it all and learn to appreciate freedom from a life of fear. I guess what I'm saying is once alcohol loosens it's grip you'll notice that nothing is actually boring. In fact life will become interesting in a way you never knew existed. I started by taking a look at all the hobbies and interests I had before alcohol consumed my life and see if they were something I was still into. I also had a pile of books I had bought over the years on how to have more peace in my life etc. I found there was endless stuff to do I just had to get into a mindset that I wanted to do it. Nothing happens overnight....except that we are one day further into our new life 
Loneliness was actually one of the reasons I drank and also what kept me relapsing. I've often heard that the opposite of addiction is human connection. Makes sense. What helped me was going to meetings. Every time I felt lonely I knew I could go somewhere where people knew exactly how I felt and could relate to me. I've actually made some friends along the way. Helping others in need/charity work also would help me feel more connected to people and it obviously felt good to give back after so many years of being a self-centered alcoholic. 
I'm lonely and pissed off. My wife keeps drinking and I feel like I'm doing this all alone. I come here just to feel a little less alone. I'm at 70 days and my focus is only on not drinking. I'm scared to do things because they might lead to drinking. Things like eating watching movies and breathing. I feel so much better and at the same time introverted. ..Thanks for making me look at my self. Your not alone and your days are going to keep getting better. Keep sharing. ..Alcohol won't make the new me better. That's how i feel. 
Congrats on 30 days! Loneliness was also a major trigger for my drinking. It's definitely better and I'm socializing more and making sober friends but I still have days where I feel sort of lonely. I definitely think I handle it much better sober though.
