-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ytfid/the_drinking_crept_up_on_me/

It started as a release after work a glass of wine or maybe a couple of beers. Slowly over the course of several years (6?) I've become a full-blown alcoholic. Can anyone else relate to this feeling of alcohol creeping up on them? I realized I had a problem when I started to get withdrawal symptoms in the last year (I'm 33). After a week of drinking every night (6-7 drinks typically) I wake up in a panic well after my alarm has gone off sweating and panting. I'm late for work and don't even know if I can pull it together enough to appear as a responsible adult. The idea of being out in the real world terrifies me beyond belief so I curl up in a ball in bed hoping and praying that I can maybe sleep it off in another hour or so...I'm just venting here because it seems like some of you might relate to the experience and because I decided I'm not drinking today. Like many first-time posters I'm terrified to admit I might be an alcoholic. But at the same time I simply cannot keep this up. While I was out with friends last night at a bar the 4 IPAs I consumed just made me feel normal. Yuck. Now I'm struggling to get my act together at 11 AM and dreading the possibility that someone at work will take one look at me and realize what I am going through. Again yuck and good riddance to this feeling. I'm hoping that if I sober up over the weekend I can start next week fresh and with a new attitude about everything. ..Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
&gt;Slowly over the course of several years (6?) I've become a full-blown alcoholic. Can anyone else relate to this feeling of alcohol creeping up on them?..Relate? You pretty much just summed up my story. I remember at one point getting together a buck to get a couple of tallboys with my 7-11 nachos. A few years later I was making a daily trip to the convenience store for two twelve packs. Like you I didn't realize there was a problem until it came to me needing 2-3 beers in the morning to get out of the house without the shakes...If it wasn't possible to quit I wouldn't be here. So that's why I come here because people helped me out when it came my time to stop and I want to pay that forward. I'm nobody special - just someone who's done this deal one day at a time. If I can do it I know you can too. I'm really glad you've gotten to this point because now you've got a way out. This is where you can start.
&gt;  Can anyone else relate to this feeling of alcohol creeping up on them?..Most of us can. I don't know anyone who set out with the goal of becoming an alcoholic. It's a realization we come to long after alcohol has gotten it's hooks into us and we see all the bad things drinking is bringing to our lives. Ch 4 of Allen Carr's Easy Way has a great analogy for it.....&gt; I decided I'm not drinking today. ..In a nutshell that's how we beat the booze. Every day I wake up thank God for another day of sobriety and commit to just 24 hours more without drinking..
The "creeping up" thing definitely happened to me and I think it happens to a lot of people. For most people drinking begins as fun and relatively consequence-free for a period of time and then gradually (or sometimes suddenly or rapidly) the negative aspects begin to escalate while the positive ones diminish... and yet we continue to chase that feeling we initially experienced and viewing our current state of affairs as somehow an "exception"... as if somehow this new reality will just blow over and we will return back to the "status-quo" of when we first began drinking and the consequences were much less readily apparent... ..I think the realization that alcohol is having a negative effect on your life is far more important than whether or not you classify yourself as an "alcoholic." If you keep drinking even though you know it is making you feel like shit over and over again then that is what is important. Terminology isn't going change your circumstances one way or the other. Only action will and it sounds like you are taking some good first steps- good luck!
Acceptance was hard for me - I still struggle with being able to put the word 'grateful' in front of 'alcoholic.'..I rest easy in the knowledge that alcoholism isn't a moral failing or even that I'm a bad person I just simply didn't have the proper tools to have averted becoming dependant.   ..Good luck with your recovery. It's one day at a time. AA works for me. 
Alcohol is cunning baffling and powerful.  Without help it was too much for me.  I got help.  I went to AA and followed the directions of the guy that I ran into there that I knew from my profession.  John G became my AA sponsor and he told me the things that make up most of what I [call the Baby Steps which you can find at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  There are ideas there that might be helpful...Good luck.
Alcohol crept up on me and kicked my ass.  I think I saw it coming  I chose to stick my head in the sand for many years.  My last 3 or 4 years of drinking I hated myself for being such a slave to wine. It was such a vicious cycle.  I'm finally free from the self hate  anxiety and pain that I was causing the people who love me.  I look back and can't belive it took me so long to really see the writing on the wall. But I'm not living in the past.  These last 10 months have been the best I can remember in a long time  the future is so bright since I've quit.  
What can be worse than admitting you are an alcoholic is trying to prove you are not while still drinking. ..A huge number of people fall into the trap of thinking we can control it while never quitting. I kept on drinking until I was 13 years older than you deluding myself into thinking I was functional setting new rules skipping days to prove I was not an alcoholic.Yet my alcohol consumption per week kept increasing.
Me too jonny.  It was a many-year slide from one beer a night to 6.  .I would say I'm an alcoholic but I think I am sicker than that perhaps the proper term is 'substance abuser'. Now I'm using no substances no alcohol because I joined someone here on a pledge to not drink one day.  So I don't think it matters what you say about yourself just don't drinking. And get medical help if you havewithdrawal.  Best of luck.  Weare all rooting for you.
Hey. There's no need to call yourself an alcoholic to stop drinking. I still have trouble using the word. I'm on day one as well so we're in it together here. If we just get through today sober that's an achievement in and of itself. Worry about tomorrow and next week when they arrive. We can do it :)
