-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yx2v6/long_story_just_to_say_sobriety_is_still_quite/

I've not yet gotten to the point where I can say to myself "I'm never drinking again" (it's still rather intimidating). I can however say that I'm in no rush to turn away from sobriety. For all the struggle it's been like an amazing Easter egg hunt and I am thoroughly enjoying it. Sometimes you're actively searching for prizes and find them or not. Sometimes you're minding your own business and they pop out of no where and turn your day into something really special. It's that awe and amazement that makes me want to keep playing and I'm hoping one day I'll be clueless as to why I ever wanted to play another game. So let me share my yesterday. ..It started with a two hour drive with my amazing husband who is quickly becoming my best friend again since I've actively stopped poking holes in our marriage boat.  We were going to meet our new grand daughter and though I felt bad about not offering to take any other family with us I was really grateful to have this quality time to us alone. For the sake of shortening this as much as possible she is gorgeous and I'm so proud of my son and his wife! Ok here comes the long part.....After the visit we arranged to have dinner with his cousin/family that lives on that side of the state before heading back home. They are wonderful people that we see every few years but are also heavy drinkers. Out of respect for this community I won't go into descriptive detail but entering their basement is like walking onto the set of Cheers. X's ten. I. Was. Flabbergasted. So everyone had a drink of some sort before we left for dinner. I was okay with my pop and turned down "just one cocktail" a couple of times. The company was great and though I was struggling a bit I pulled through (I'm going to add a note about O'douls at the end). After some more gentle prodding to have a "cocktail" and it becoming obvious that two of the four of us were calling in to work the next day (not the ones that had a two hour drive still ahead) the question finally came. "So how long are you going to do the no drinking thing?" *Eh not sure. I'm really enjoying a lot of the benefits right now so it's kind of open ended. I'm not in a hurry to stop it (sobriety)* "What made you stop? Health?" Here's the one so many of us here plan out beforehand what we want to say. Being as I've been getting a big kick out of the truth the last few years especially with people that can handle it I blurted out my primary reason. *When I drink I treat ___ like shit and I kind of thought I should stop doing that to him.* I received instant nods of acknowledgement affirmation by way of "I'm surprised our neighbors haven't called the cops on us yet!" and the like. We talked about how long I've gone and they shared that they once both got sober for three miserable years and it nearly destroyed them. Then one night amidst a gathering of drinkers they looked around and decided to jump back in. What *we* would consider relapse but they are happy with their choice. I shared that I think how one approaches sobriety and for what reasons really make the difference as to whether is it a pointless battle or a rewarding struggle. ..And here was my Easter egg. Seeing by watching others that I am happy with my daily decision to not drink. I am happy in my sobriety today. I am grateful each morning I wake up and feel like a million bucks that I was given the chance to redeem this day before it even started by choosing not to drink the night before. It's a gift to my next-day self every night. I love telling that urge to fuck off and finding that moments are just as and even *more so* fulfilling than if I had jumped on the bandwagon. The more I see through sober and *unresentful* eyes the more amazed I am with everything. The big picture the little moments the epiphanies and the observations and even the things that make me say "Wow look at that" even though I have no idea what I'm looking at or what it means to me. It's like the blind given sight and it's just all-over awesome...O'Douls side story: I've never used non-alcoholic beer as a way to slack an urge but always thought that whether it's a good idea or bad depends on the person. Wednesday night I had my first O'douls in years. It tasted great at first then it was *eh*. Part of me felt like I cheated but the other side said "well you never figured out if you thought it was okay *for you*." By golly you're right crackedpot! So I stopped fretting about it. Last night while out with the cousins I ordered one and mockingly (in good fun) announced "Okay guys! I'm in!" Haha yada yada move on. I had a second and I really found myself wanting something a lot more satisfying. I asked the waitress for an ice water and it was freakin' *dee-lish-us!* At least I know I'm good with O'douls now for my own self by not triggering me and I also know that it's not something I would want to drink all night.  Too much bloat! Ugh. ..Edit: I forgot to add one little gem I got from last night. The "wait for it". I'm finding more often than not while I'm in the fight against an urge telling myself to hold off and wait for it is huge. The "it" always turns up as a revelation an epiphany an opportunity. And it's not yet once been not worth waiting for. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. So much to learn from this and think about in relation to my own life.  Thank you.  :)
I love this bravo. Seriously I hope to read more great posts from you. Thank you. 
Great story. I quite liked non-alcoholic beer last time I tried it. I found a brand I enjoyed and bought a case. It was kinda satisfying to have something that feels like it suits the situation of being at the pub or at a party because I've never been a big fan of fizzy drinks in those situations - except ginger beer the fiery taste is quite satisfying..Edit: I also meant to say congrats for staying strong and being brave enough to be honest. :)
Good for you being able to make it through what could have been a difficult night with a great attitude!
joolly good stuff
