-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yxvv0/i_figuratively_hit_rock_bottom_or_literally_hit_a/

Hey guys I thought I would introduce myself to the sub and maybe help some people out if they are thinking of making the switch or are struggling with the idea of stopping drinking at a fairly young age.  I know I am a little scared of losing the social aspects of drinking.  I would also like to use it to just get this all off my chest. Sorry for it being **very** longwinded just wanna give people the whole picture might help people realize they aren't alone in this struggle.  I hope you find it interesting and don't blame you if you don't have time to read it all it took longer than I thought to explain...I am a 25 year old male turning 26 in May and I had a big wake-up call 1 month ago that started my first serious journey into sobriety.  The funny thing is this past year had been the most responsible drinking year of my adult life yet that still couldn't counterract the  lasting effects of one night of fairly heavy drinking.  ..So for my quick background.  Started drinking as a junior in highschool basically everytime I drank I drank to get drunk.  Typically in these years I would consume from between 6-12 or even 14 drinks over the course of 5-10 hours of drinking in late highschool and every year at college.  I also started smoking cigarettes because it would allow me to escape crowded parties.  This was not a healthy lifestyle I was drinking to cover up my depression and dissatisfaction with life.  Also drinking because I thought it would make me a more interesting and fun person to get a girlfriend.  It never helped me with either of these problems...My first problem that developed was that I would pee myself at night because I would not be able to wake up.  This would only happen 1-3 times out of the whole year of drinking but every time it happened I was blanketed with shame and disappointment this only added to my lack of self confidence.  Sometimes I would flee the scene letting the partygoers to deal with my mess.  These decisions haunted me I used to beat myself up over and over again for being a coward and pathetic excuse for a human.  I finally realized I would have to forgive myself and make sure this wouldnt happen anymore. I have spent the past few years making amends with the people I had wronged and  I am still working on accepting this. The second problem was sometimes drunk driving and sometimes getting into fights or drama with people.  I would say very mean things and become a totally different person some nights.  ..This led me to eventually decide to start drinking smaller quantities especially over the last year.  I even took a few months off to prove to myself I could stop if I needed to.  Again this year went really well for me. Some nights I would make one liquor drink of one shot and have that be my only drink for the entire night.  I thought I had conquered my problem. The worst night was when I happened to lose my wallet I was thankful that this was my biggest mistake I made...until last month.....I went on an all expenses paid company trip with a buddy of mine last month.  I was so excited.  I am in really good shape and I couldn't wait to meet new people.  I knew I was going to drink I just didn't know how easy it would be to derail from the self-control I had developed this year.  This is a major factor in me deciding to stop.  On the first night enjoying the warmer temperatures we started to drink in our hotel room and then went to a company get-together.  I was at about 3 drinks when I turned down a waiter trying to refill my wine glass.  A different waiter came back and filled it up anyway.  This was my big fuck-up moment.  I drank that drink and he came back two more times and I didn't turn him away.  I had already lost the night basically...I ended up drinking probably 10-11 drinks over the course of 9 hours.  I went up this stairwell out a door to which I thought was the way back to my room.  I was tired and exhausted from the early flight so I really wasn't paying attention to my surroundings.  It took me approximately 20 minutes to realize I was completely lost and that I was actually kind of high up.  I tried to backtrack and started to notice all sorts of crazy drop-offs this is when I got really scared.  I was actually up on a 1 story roof I was stuck and didn't know what to do.  I thought I saw a grassy area where I could hop down.  As I went closer to investigate I slipped and started sliding towards the edge of the roof.  I dug all 10 of my fingers into the palm tree lattice roof slant but was unable to slow down.  I popped off the edge of the roof saw that the grassy area was actually 5 feet out from the edge and that concrete was about 12 feet below my air-borne body.  ..I hit the ground on my left foot and sprawled onto the concrete on my stomach.  I groaned and tried to get up but my body would not move.  It was at this point that I blacked out from the pain...I was taken to a foreign hospital where they moved my body with little regard for maintaining the stability of my legs.  I woke up screaming "NO NO NO NO STOP IT" as they tried to move me onto the x-ray machine.  I had fractured my pelvis in 4 places and had essentially shattered the calcaneous in my foot which is your heel bone.  We think the shockwave traveled up my whole leg and went into my pelvis all my major leg bones were unharmed.  I woke up the next day with a catheter and a mattress in which my fractured pelvis sank alway through and touched the metal below.  I spent 4 days in that hospital not receiving enough pain meds no correct cushioning for my pelvis and unable to sit up.  These were basically the 4 worst days of my life and as I sat there in the dark without the internet without family and friends in extreme pain all I could think about was how alcohol got me into this situation there was no excuse...All in all it was a horrible horrible experience but I have a lot to be thankful for:  I didn't hit my head and become a vegetable I didn't break both my legs I didn't lacerate any organs and I didn't become paralyzed...It took me a week to sit up 2 weeks to use a wheel chair to get to the bathroom by myself 3 weeks to stop having intense groin pain every time I moved my legs and I had foot surgery last week which led to even more pain.  Closing in on 1 month my pain is now being managed properly my ankle and pelvis are healing well and I couldn't be more thankful for being home with friends and family...Being drunk was a direct contributing factor to this situation and to the vast majority of my regrets in the past 7 years.  That is why I have decided to stop drinking for the rest of my life.  My will and spirit are strong and I will still enjoy Mary Jane from time to time :D.  It feels like another weight has been lifted by telling this entire ridiculous story.  I can't thank you enough for listening and I know I will need your help in the months to come and I hope my story can inspire others to make the right decisions for their life.  Don't let it take a terribly drastic situation to occur to lead to you to the path to sobriety if you believe you have a legitimate drinking problem.  I love you all take care...**Tl;Dr -  Drinking caused a lot of hardship in my life.  I drank too much last month and fell off a 12 foot roof which led to 4 fractures in my pelvis and a shattered calcaneous in the heel of my foot.  Decided to be sober from now on**..
----------immediate responses--------

Didn't have time to read it all but I can certainly relate to your TLDR...Crashed my motorcycle while drunk and broke my shoulder forearm and my femur.  Kind of a shitty feeling to being laying in the hospital realizing it was all because of my problem with drinking...Good luck and stay strong!
I wish you a speedy recovery; in every way.
Sucks that the majority of the time it takes something like that to get us to stop. ..I've had a similar stay in hospital that was hell in itself; it being caused by alcohol would just make it ten times worse I imagine. ..Proud of you for your decision. I'm pretty certain you won't regret it. Keep it up. 
For what it's worth reading your story is helping me stay sober tonight! I am facing a bit of a challenge and your experience reminds me that even one drink is off limits for me. I wish you well. 
&gt;This was not a healthy lifestyle I was drinking to cover up my depression and dissatisfaction with life. Also drinking because I thought it would make me a more interesting and fun person to get a girlfriend. It never helped me with either of these problems...Me too. It didn't help me either even though I kept chasing it for 9 years. Thanks for posting...
I read it all and found it inspiring - inspiring to not drink today!  One day at a time.  You were so honest in this account and didn't try to make excuses.  In the right/wrong circumstances we're all just a drink away from catastrophe.  Did you keep your job?  
Ouch. That is rough. But if that's what it took to help you make this decision then maybe it's saved your life. I hope you recover soon dude. :)
