-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yxzvn/hi/

Just reaching out here because I'm not really sure what to do with myself. Things are going well. Lots of uncertainty in the not-so-distant future but that's life. I owe any and all stability I do have to my sobriety...I guess I'm just getting antsy. I regularly attended AA meetings for my first year but didn't work a program. I decided to give it a shot back in January - got a sponsor I liked attended more and varied meetings - but I didn't get very far in before bailing. Now I don't go to any meetings. Not to say I couldn't benefit from such a practice I just can't honestly get into it...Finding myself wishing I could just part with reality for a little bit is frightening and disappointing. My anxiety is pretty much constant and my chronic pain sucks. I feel old. Aside from the anxiety I'm emotionally dulled - I assume by my medication but I know I need anti-depressants to function...I mean objectively things are really good. There's no reason for me to feel like I'm struggling. I love my apartment. I adopted a cat. I am (very slowly) forcing myself to re-engage with my local art community & social life. I got a boyfriend who doesn't seem evil yet. None of this would be possible if I wasn't sober...What is this? Am I just unavoidably naturally self-destructive? Why do I sometimes miss bourbon or have thoughts like "maybe you can just smoke weed??" (I never even liked weed). Why am I back to "I can't drink" instead of "I don't drink" 469 days in? Duh because addiction. It's just tiring and I'm tired...Anyway sorry for the kind of downer post oops. I'm not looking for any solutions just venting. I'm not going to drink no worries definitely too afraid. I just wanted to get this off my chest somewhere. Thanks for letting me share...TL;DR.Being a person is weird and alcoholism sucks. Waaah...P.S. many hugs to the beautiful SDers who have reached out to me over the past few months :)
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor has about 40 years sober. When he first got to AA he bounced in and out for the first 10 years. He went 3 years sober at one point and went back out. He attributes this to the fact that he never worked the steps and never got "his house in order". It wasn't until he worked them that he was able to achieve long term sobriety and has never looked back...I find that on my own I could get some time under my belt but eventually emotions and behavior patterns would surface that I never dealt with...this would inevitably lead me to relapse. Staying sober is one thing but learning how to truly live and cope/manage emotions is another. I've found that working the steps and dealing with these emotions has relieved a lot of my anxiety depression and has brought more over all balance. ..Maybe they're worth a shot? :) 
You know _LB_ the tendency to undermine ourselves when things are going great or OK--is very normal.  Alcoholics in recovery and in fellowship (e.g. AA meetings) talk about this all the time.  You are normal and right where you should be.  Don't drink and keep talking through this and I'll bet anything that your insides are going to catch up with your outsides.
Seeing you return to this sub just made my day..... :)..Thank you!
Hey woman! So so glad to see you. And I'm so glad you took this from inside of yourself and entrusted it with us. ..Being a human is most definitely weird but the further on I go the more amazed I am at the connections I have with other humans. Ones I did not expect. I didn't exactly go looking for them either but I've noticed the more authentic I am with others the more they respond in kind. Pretty neat to be finding random wonderful people along my path that I wouldn't have found without my snazzy prescription sober glasses. What's even weirder is that I have been firmly rooted in the "people suck" camp the majority of my life. ..Good grief I'm rambling. I think I had a point but I'm not sure now. :-P Sorry...just had two teeth pulled and am kind of loopy. ..Do you think you'd like to go back to meeting just to get out of it what you were previously before you tried a different avenue? I personally don't follow the traditional AA route but I get a lot out of just going for the sharing and fellowship. If you miss that part don't let the fact that you decided to back off the whole she bang for now deter you from going to get what you need out of it. Just my two pennies but it might really help combat those negative and destructive thoughts. ..In regards to your meds: you may need some adjustment in your dosage. I know you've been on them for awhile but they still my need to be tweaked. If your next check in with your doc is a ways in the future you might want to go ahead and make an appointment now to address it. ..A billion hugs to you my dear LB!! 
 Hello and hugs! ..Take the steps--it's quicker. 
