-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yz419/biggest_screwup_in_my_life/

Hi everyone thanks for all comments I have read on other posts. Been lurking for a bit and relapsing bad... Just spent 3 days with DTs throwing up convulsing etc in bed after week long bender due finding out my partner of 4 years has found some one else due to my periodic benders. in the last 2 weeks managed to write off someone elses car hit another and smashed my new car to hell and making old car undrivable. Insurance companies chasing me for money and i have none due to being to drunk to work so possibly have no job now too. Hardest part is losing my girl who is the best one I have every met. Have to move out with no where to go but been dry 2 days tho. Just over heard saying she cant wait for her and new man to start exploring each others bodies which kills me the most out of anything. Sorry for moaning but had to tell someone and thinking bout getting drunk to stop thinking bout it all.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong man you've got a lot on your plate but for the rest of your night I would focus on one thing: stay sober. Drinking won't necessarily make you stop thinking about things. You've got to address these things one at a time and the most pressing sound like finding a place to stay and staying sober...Congrats on making it through two days I just went through that myself so I know how hard that is and you've got a lot of other stressful things making it harder. Focus on getting through today. Sobriety will help you address everything else you have going on really.
Thankyou mate. In OZ so got all day trying fix old car while she out on date with new guy just so i can moves some clothes to car. Worst day ever.
Getting drunk might help short term but once you sober up then what? Does nothing to help you long term. ..You are going through an awful lot; if you don't already have some sort of support system in place it may be worth looking into it if you can. ..I doubt it helps but your girl isn't worth the heartache if she can do that to you. I get that she has her reasons but it's still shitty to treat another human being that way. ..I don't have much in the way of advice. Just know there's a random girl on reddit hoping things start looking up for you soon. .."When you're going through hell keep going."
Will try mate. Going through house with pictures of us everywhere sucks to. We were getting married too and I am main part to blame for fucking that up. She had problems to which caused me to drink more. Neverending circle..She met him 2 weeks ago and thats whats killing me the most.
