-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yzsqd/one_week_ago_today_was_my_wakeup_call/

I had been maintaining a steady blood-alcohol level since 8am. It was like any other day since December. I became what I thought was an expert at sneaking vodka during my shift and eating mints to attempt to hide it. I'm sure people knew and that terrified me.  My co-workers decided to end the day with a glass of wine and I hit my tipping point. I don't remember getting on the bus I don't remember getting home having a mundane conversation with my husband changing or going to bed. I woke up at 10:30pm confused dehydrated and alone. ...My struggle has been very private and I realized I needed to regain control of my life before it became very public. When I first posted here I didn't expect any response I was just hoping to consciously read the 24 hour pledge and get on with my day. I am so grateful for the outpouring of support thanks to this sub I feel like My head is screwed on straight and that I really can do this. Tomorrow will be one full week sober and I feel so much better. My depression and anxiety are fading and that makes me want to keep going!..Everyone heals differently but we're all healing together. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh the mints at work!!! I remember that so well.  There was never a strong enough mint for my needs. I also felt it was so obvious to my coworkers. That feeling of dread when they'd come up to my desk or want to talk to me? I am SO thankful I can be a normal human being at work now...HUGE CONGRATULATIONS on week 1. I remember week 1 well it was so hard but it was so worth it. You never have to feel that shame of alcohol on your breath ever again. Big hugs!
I still remember the shame I felt when a co worker told me I stank of booze. In the last days no soap worked. ..A week is amazing. Here's to another sober day. 
High-five!
Congratulations on week 1!! Thank you for posting and looking forward to hearing more from you!
