-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z78xq/who_am_i_becoming/

I found myself looking back at old pictures from 2 years ago: They were of a fatter sadder drunker me.  I don't feel the same about these photos since I last saw them.  When I realized I had to quit drinking I hated myself.  I hated my illness. I hated how miserable I felt. I hated how powerless I was.  It took several tries to make it stick...I wanted to hate who I 'used to be'.  But that isn't true. I don't hate the old me.  I was a just a young man with an addiction.  I think I hid that addiction all too well.  When I was alone up late at night everyone expected I was just watching netflix not pounding whiskey.  After finishing the last hidden bottle of wine I stole from my wife and watching Fargo for the 100th time suicide started to feel like a really good option.  I was unbelievably close to killing myself on multiple occasions.  It's distressing.  I still wish people knew.  While I was silently suffering no one  made any attempt to intervene on my behalf.  I feel like they didn't care to notice; or they didn't want to intrude on my life.  It is cruel of me to blame others for this.  In the end I did it to myself.  Sometimes that makes me feel worse...Your friends and family only experience a fraction of your identity.  I think of a song lyric: .."You never know just how you look through other peoples eyes."..I wonder what people think of the 'new' me.  I know on /r/stopdrinking I could convince you I'm a better person because you relate to my struggle.  I worry still that the people in my day-to-day life haven't even noticed the change.  I was a relatively high-functioning alcoholic.  Even in the throes of addiction I was able to perform quite well at my job.  When I didn't I could always find excuses.  Nobody ever called me out on it.  It makes me realize how shallow many of my relationships really are...My recovery cannot hinge on what other people think about me.  Even if everyone in my life says that they liked the old me better I still would not drink again...I quit drinking to become a better person; to become someone I don't hate.  But who am I becoming?  I'm argumentative idealistic flighty and boastful.  I'm overconfident in my abilities and disorganized in my daily life.  Some might even say I'm arrogant and duplicitous.  These are the character traits that I must live with: they were not the product of alcoholism.  It is who I am.  ..I know my strengths too.  I am a gifted teacher and a creative scientist.  I think every human being has untapped potential and is capable of great things as long as they are willing to try.  Indeed I have seen this come true for many of my students.  I never give up hope on anyone any cause or any dream...Who am I becoming?.....
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you've become a new person. It's an amazing thing to see  in others and in ourselves
We become ourselves and lose ourselves many times throughout this life. I thought I knew who I was becoming at 6-9 months sober. I was feeling things I had never felt before and I was finally experiencing compassion for others which I have always struggled with. ..Now there are many days when I feel that pink cloud of compassion was a unicorn and I am colder than ever. I can see my progress but I ask myself similar questions as you have here. I have no answers for you sorry. This is a journey and sometimes we just have to walk through these uncomfortable parts to the other side which may be even more uncomfortable or we may find some glimpse of serenity...Thanks for writing this post though it was very articulate and I connected with it.
This is one of the most relatable posts I've read in months. I get pretty existential too. I also wonder how I got as bad as I did without anyone expressing concern and end up feeling pretty alone about it...I have no idea who I'm becoming. I wonder if it's because I don't know who I am in this moment. I can't predict outcomes from a model with a single data point. Let's say you and I have 11 (in my case SUPER inconsistent) data points with 11 months. That's not a lot. Some of it is time and observation by the looks of it. I doubt we ever will know who we're becoming. That's the fun of it (?)
You just quoted butthole surfers and you live in Maine. You're clearly awesome! Keep doing what you're doing!
Sounds like you're becoming transparent and accepting of your true self. None of us have all Hallmark qualities but all of us do have beautiful qualities often buried in the rough. It's with this kind of honesty of yourself you can truly hone and polish your higher self. Keep being you I find you truly inspiring. 
I think one of the things that scares people about sobriety is that they become their true selves both good and bad. Alcohol is no longer there to take the blame for the bad stuff. The good thing is that in sobriety one is finally free to work on one's self.
It's an interesting journey isn't it? I didn't realize how fitting my username would become...I too kept my addictive drinking very well hidden. I had the reputation of a heavy drinker but usually appeared in control in public. At the end I didn't go out much because it was such an effort...I've not been very open about my recovery. There was a messy stew of shame guilt embarrassment and loss of self identity early on. I have to work and socialize with a bunch of normies. I didn't want to create situations where my not drinking was an issue--if I just get a soda it's not. ..Sammy is friend I've made through recovery. He is a personal trainer evangelical Christian and at 45 going to college for the first time with the goal of being a motivational speaker. I mention this so you can begin to imagine the level of *intensity* he brings to every conversation. ..Sammy challenged me to *celebrate* my recovery openly every chance I have. It's hard--I'm very proud of what I have accomplished so far but to turn to a friend or acquaintance and say "by the way the reason I've cut back on beer..." or "You know I've kept some things hidden for years..."  The best way to erase the societal stigma of addiction is to be open in our recovery but I want others to do the hard work and leave me a comfortable path to walk...I don't know who I am becoming. I don't know where this trail will take me or the choices I will have to make in the future. But I'm proud of what the path behind me looks like.
This is a beautiful and inspiring post.  You are becoming YOU.
&gt;I wanted to hate who I 'used to be'. But that isn't true. I don't hate the old me. I was a just a young man with an addiction...Boom. I just wanna go back in time and give the old me a whole "you're gonna fuckin' make it" speech not an ass kicking...Edit: sobriety has in a large part been meeting myself as though I were a new friend.
I got no clue who you are becoming...I relate to a lot of what you shared. I'm a scientist. I've got and never lost my career. We work with companies like IBM Exxon the state of Israel all the branches of military all the state governments of the USA--I could go on for paragraphs suffice it to say I relate to your high functioning comment...I have a shotgun with shells (police issue) - 12 guage I got it re-certified I had a plan I knew it would work. I relate to your suicidal thoughts. ..I went to Alcoholics Anonymous and created a new habit doing Alcoholics Anonymous. I became the guy that carries the message of recovery to the psychiatric units at the hospital the treatment centers for the well insured and the prisons for those most unfortunate among us...Why? Because this seems to work. I drank way past the days of fun and couldn't stop. I stayed stopped before on shame and guilt and an iron will for six years but that failed. I drank until I became intimate with my shotgun. This new habit has helped me stay stopped and some people even tell me thank you once in a while...It's better than what I used to have.
&gt;&gt;My recovery cannot hinge on what other people think about me. Even if everyone in my life says that they liked the old me better I still would not drink again...This rings really true for me too.  I had to come to recovery for me that is the only way it sticks...Good for you on how far you have come!
