-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z7g29/where_do_i_begin/

I'm 25 years old and I think I have a problem with alcohol. I drink many nights a week and every single Friday and Saturday I stay out until the bars close. This weekend I did something that I regret deeply and feel pretty awful about and it's led me to consider changing my drinking habits. I'm constantly broke my diet is terrible I'm massively hungover two-three days a week and I haven't sustained any sort of romantic connection with anyone in a year because I end up hooking up with people I meet out and then never speaking to them again. My friends all make jokes about my drinking (like "of course you were drunk LOL") but I'm kind of tired of having the party person reputation. Also tired of blacking out not remembering things I did/said. I'm making poor decisions and I worry about something really really bad happening to me when I'm wasted and making terrible impressions on others while I'm drunk...Here are my main struggles:.I've been living in a new city for about a year and I'm still establishing myself here. I've been lucky to meet a ton of great people but everyone I've met seems to drink like I do. I'm worried that if I stop drinking I'm just going to end up sitting at home every weekend watching tv and everyone will forget about me...I'm gay and a huge part of the gay scene in my city revolves around bars and parties. I'm worried that I will isolate myself from my community and I'll never be able to meet anyone. My favorite gay bar where all of my friends and I hang out is within walking distance to my house and it's the social hub of a lot of activities I enjoy. I've tried not drinking there before/only having one drink but I've never been able to contain myself...I've done a little bit of research into AA and I wonder if it would be a good fit for me. Seems a little strict but I would definitely be open to attending a meeting or two. Do I have to quit drinking forever? Does anyone have success with drinking occasionally? Will I be able to go to bars and not drink? Will being sober make me a boring person?  ..Typing all of this out seems very obvious to me that I need to stop I just need a kick in the ass/suggestions/advice and this seems like a good place to start. I'm going to read through some more posts on here but I guess I'm just looking for people to talk to that are a little bit more removed from my situation. 
----------immediate responses--------

You've made a great decision by posting here hi! You can make different decisions from now on if you like (and it sounds like you do). Good job for finding your way here and best wishes moving forward.
On mobile--only saw first half of your post....Here's my take:.Believe it or not drinking IS boring. That's why it sucks to be sober around drunk people. Quitting booze will not MAKE you anything except: less hungover less broke more energetic more stable..There are other people in the gay community who feel as you do. Some have quit too--check out AA in your area and see what happens. You may find more people in a similar situation.
You might be interested in a book called Dry by Augusten Burroughs.
I hear youand I think you are on track to stop drinking.  See the sidebar postings for more help.  Also Id bet there are gay-oriented AA groups.  If not I believe that most AA groups would be an encouraging group of likely friends. Good luck!  Hope to see you here again.
&gt;Do I have to quit drinking forever? ..You don't have to do anything but you may decide that quitting forever is better for you.  In the meantime just focus on quitting for today.  Then tomorrow try the same thing.  ..&gt;Will being sober make me a boring person?..Fuck no.  Drinking all the time will make you a boring person.  You can spend your time cultivating your interests getting skills reading painting etc. - or you can spend your time drunk/hungover.  If you do too much of the latter you'll have nothing interesting to talk about.
