-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zgr16/i_was_called_boring_last_night/

In a text by a friend's girlfriend because SO and I weren't going to the bar (it was directed to us both).  She's not even a big drinker and was probably just bored. It wasn't malicious however it absolutely pissed me off. I was polite for the sake of SO but I had a real struggle not answering back with "fuck off". I'm so grateful I didn't drink at home last night like I had given myself permission to earlier in the day because my reaction would have been nasty and uncalled for. Another "wait for it" moment that I didn't even consciously wait for (I just waited before drinking then never did) yet presented itself anyway. 
----------immediate responses--------

My decision not to drink is not dependent in anyway on what others think or say.  When I make my morning decision not to drink TODAY alcohol is out of my movie.  Others can do or say whatever they want and it is irrelevant to me ESPECIALLY in that first year of sobriety.
If someone relieves their boredom by drinking then yes a non-drinker will seem very boring to them...Conversely I find people who have been drinking quite uninteresting. 
Hilarious. You probably know this but people tend to judge others based on self-interest. In this case "boring" means "I'm bored and you're not fixing that for me." In truth bored=boring. If someone can't find a way to amuse themselves they've got more problems than who they're hanging out with.
Sobriety? Boring? Nah...On the other hand hitting bars like clockwork and having the same sort of drunken experiences over and over again? That's pretty boring.
For whatever its worth...you are much more likely to be defined by your own actions rather than the poorly thought out text comments of some casual acquaintance.  ..At 30 days it can really seem like the world is against you at times but it really does get better.  ..Finally IMO you should be really proud of yourself!
You could a texted back:.."Yeah but I'm sober and have money for flying lessons you want to come along for my first night landing?  Won't be boring"
Nice star BTW...EDIT: Which is pretty fucking exciting if you ask me!
You handled this with maturity and class. Me? I'da ninja'd through the phone lines and jumped out of her phone and kung-fu'd her with a lightsaber is what I woulda done. :)
Text her back in the morning with a link to James Brown's "I Feel Good".
**Bor-ing** *adjective* a word used by problem drinkers to disparage non-drinkers whose good decisions force them to question their own poor lifestyle choices.  .."You're not getting wasted on a Tuesday night?  God you're so boring!"
Bored people are boring. Interested people are interesting. ..It's hard to be interested (thus interesting) when your brain doesn't function properly anymore and your only motivation in life is sleeping and drinking. 
Being sober at a bar is incredibly boring. Your formerly intelligent and funny friends are slurring their words and laughing hysterically at idiotic "jokes". It sucks...Doing the same shit over and over is boring. Fuck that.
