-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zj4m8/7_long_years/

I've been to the alanon board and now want stop drinking opinion....Been with the bf for 7 years first 4 he was wasted probably every day. 2013 he sort of became serious about sobriety... Was sober for 5 months straight then did a few weeks at a time.  2014 he was sober for another 6 months then weeks at a time. 2015 he's been sober 10 weeks and doing Smart Recovery once a week for 2 hours. I think he relapsed today/last night. Not 100% sure as we dont live together anymore but we met up for dinner and when he got into the car all I could smell was booze.  He let me smell his breathe and all I could smell was cigarettes.  His behavior was off he got really mad at me at the restaurant ordered me a latte when he knows I don't drink caffine in the afternoon/evening then changed the order we were getting .  he freaked out in the car saying I ruined the last 7 years and I'm the problem..I took him home and dropped him off....Will he ever get better?  Should I just cut my loses now?  I love him but I also feel like I'm going in a different direction.  I'm all he has here and he's basically all I have here.
----------immediate responses--------

You can not save him from his disease. Nor should you feel responsible for his sobriety. 
If he is worth keeping around he will be honest about what he did and seek out recovery again. I was never myself when drinking and said many hurtful things I didn't mean...which cause me more anguish and reason to drink. If I didn't stop I would have lost connection with all family and friends (and loves) eventually. Maybe this will be his bottom and he will take recovery more seriously. It sounds like he's a genuine alcoholic which means the disease will eventually take him down one way or another. For me going back to drinking means death or worse a miserable lonely life.
No one can predict the future. What do you want? Saying that - it's suggested that an alcoholic relationship affects both the drinker and the co-dependant so your thinking might not be clear when it comes to this. ..My wife attends Al-anon. Best thing that ever happened to my marriage. 
