-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zk0bl/i_am_still_sober_but_life_is_really_getting_to_me/

Hello there..After 95 days of sobriety I drank in early February. Now I have 35 days sober and while that makes me beyond happy and grateful I have been struggling. ..Every morning I wake up I have one of two thoughts. Either I think to myself  woo today is day X I'm not hungover I am alive I am powerful and I am ready to face the day.  Or  fuck I'm alive.  ..I am beyond salvaging this entire academic year I still owe my school money I have $430 in the bank and no job (I live on my own so in reality I only have $30 if I expect to pay my rent) and I have no friends anymore because I have pushed everyone away. And every single fucking day I wake up thinking I am going to do something about this mess. Which never happens. And the more I sit by and let everything turn to shit around me the worse I feel and its just this vicious cycle.  ..My moods are ridiculously unpredictable. I'll go from being the happiest girl in the world to bawling my eyes out in the library bathroom stall in under an hour. (which happened today.) And some days I feel normal. Which is awesome. Normal is great. But then I have these dark moods. I feel unsuited for this world. I also feel so guilty because I don't seem to do anything valuable with all this new sober time I have. I just can't seem to do it. And that leaves me feeling pretty terrible a lot of the time. ..And I have stopped talking to people about just how upset I am. Because I have been having these issues for so long and they don't seem to be going anywhere. And I feel like such a Debbie Downer. So I try so hard to be positive because I want people to see I am getting better. But especially over the past 3-4 days that has been so hard for me to do. I feel so stuck. But I also feel like I am floating around with nothing tethering me to the real world. And that scares me. ..I am going to preface this next bit by saying I want to live. I really do. But all those suicidal images that popped into my head when I was drinking have resurfaced. Today when I was walking home from the bus stop I planned everything out in my head again. Including getting drunk so it would be easier to follow through with. I sound so insane and scary. I know I have a lot to live for and I know it'll get better but the desire to just get off this ride is so strong sometimes. Sometimes I feel so overwhelmed. Which terrifies me. My moods just get so out of control sometimes. ..Instead I decided to set up a little spa session for myself at home. Which was really relaxing. But here I am again crying for absolutely no reason. ..I have been to 6 meetings since the 6th but I have no desire to talk to anyone. I know I am not getting as much out of it as I could. But that's just another thing I feel so incredibly guilty about. I have only ever been at 35 days sober once before and I don't remember feeling this horrible the last time I was (101 days ago). I don't know whats wrong with me and I don't know how to fix it. I don't even know if this is related to alcoholism it must be. A lot of the problems I am dealing with and that I have created are directly related to my addiction.  ..I guess I just want to let people know that I am struggling. I feel hopeless and lonely and scared and weak and small. And I don't know what to do about it. Because its all fixable. The problem is I don't seem to actually be trying to fix anything nor do I seem capable of it. ..Thanks for listening. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that you're going thru such a tough time right now but know that you're not alone in your struggle. I know it doesn't sound like much but sometimes it helps me to hear that from others when I'm feeling the same way...Have you been seeing any sort of personal therapist or counselor other than the meetings you've attended? Also are you taking any other sort of medication that could be mood altering in any way?..Hang in there nothing in life is fair or easy and if you're strong enough to fight thru 95 days and then another 35 days of sobriety you have an amazing gift that some people with our disease don't have.
You have expressed your thoughts really well and what you are going through is very relatable. I have a tendency for many things you describe as well but here what has worked for me: ..1) instilling some basic structure and routines to follow during work week to keep self focused on what needs to be done and away from overthinking life; 2) I know I feel most optimistic and productive int the first half of the day so I try to wake up and do most of energy consuming/demanding work from 8 to 13. I am also happier/more upbeat during these hours so it's great for interacting with people. 3) I like the saying "progress not perfection" - sometimes it works for me to push myself to act more and think less so as not to be overwhelmed by doubt pessimism or other stuff.
It hurts my heart to hear you struggling this way. Life is supposed to get better when we stop drinking. And the reality is that it does. Your life though it's really freaking tough right now is better today sober than if you were drinking...It really encouraged me to read your post. I restarted my journey a few days ago and I need to face reality rather than expecting daisy laced fields of pimped butterflies to me my immediate future...One thing that has worked for me in the past (this ain't my first rodeo!) is to share this shit in a meeting. When I wanted to suffer alone by sharing it opened the group up to love on me. And it is our love for each other that provides comfort healing/support and companionship till we get out of the daily hell. Also someone else may be going through it too and we help others by sharing our struggles. That way they feel they are not alone...I hope your day is better than yesterday. I'm committed to not drinking today with you. No Matter What!!!
Welcome back! Yes life can be tough and overwhelming at times. When we are sober we still have to deal with the world and our place in it. ..I do know that nothing going on is so bad that drinking will not make it a lot worse...It is far easier when we are sober because when drunk we tend to put things off. They don't get better or easier...It sounds like you have some depression going. At you school do they have a student counselor you can talk to? Or somebody?..You mention meetings excellent! Keep going. It certainly can't hurt. Where you live there are probably some womans meetings. Try one. Maybe you will feel more comfortable in a group of ladies only. I know that it really does get better...Your life is right on the verge of taking a dramatic turn for the better. It just is...Yes we have to not only recover from our drinking but from everything else that goes along with it...In the Big Book it talks about the "wreckage of the past" and doing what we can to repair it. This can take awhile so don't get dejected. ..Silly question but where are your parents? They will always be your number one support system.
You sound stuck and it sounds heartbreaking. It's been my experience that the worst thing you can do is nothing at all. This comes from a long life full of big fuckups it comes from teaching college courses. When I have ignored a problem and done nothing it almost never went away on its own. When I have owned up to a problem and done something about it and asked for help I've found people who are willing to bend over backwards to help. I've also found this true teaching - most professors and administrators will let a student screw up their semester in peach. But the minute a student says they're having a problem and asks for help most of us bend over backwards to help. ..Most teachers will give extensions or exceptions on grades most schools also have financial aid and student employment offices. Most AA meetings contain people who know of job opportunities. No one can read your mind ask for help. ..I know it's hard and scary but its doing something instead of nothing at all. ..Good luck and be well.
Use the sobriety to make the most of your life! You are a beautiful person no matter what anyone says even your own mind. We all have these feelings you are not alone :) .Wake up and before even thinking about whether you are worth something or not and start stretching out then go for a walk. Seriously try it for 30 days. /internethug
*sigh*..At 90 days I recall asking myself "DID I GET SOBER FOR THIS????".I was behind on my rent my relationship was in shambles and I couldn't pay my car insurance.  ..The good news it is passed.  .The bad news is sometimes things got worse before they got better but drinking was NOT going to make things better.  .DRINKING WILL NOT MAKE THINGS BETTER...Do you have a Sponsor?  Are you working the steps?  If not PLEASE consider getting ON THIS QUICKLY...Even if you can't find a sponsor ask someone to help you work the steps.  You will feel better.  You will develop a foundation for success and forward action that you never imagined was possible. ..And amazingly things will start falling into place...Not working is a pretty big deal so maybe some temp/ day labor to get you through this?  Even fast food will pay the bills and help you stabilize so you can explore more suitable options later...Thanks for posting. Sharing our fears pain and frustration sometimes take a little power out of it. ..It is your alcoholism.  See... when I got here I didn't know how to be productive.  I didn't know how to be proactive.  And to be honest I hadn't seen enough reward in my life to TRUST the process or believe I could get ahead of the chaos...Good luck and YES - I AM listening.  ..Now - get into ACTION!  .You CAN do this!  You can!  You can!! ..Hugs and love from the granny in Texas.
