-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zk18n/its_my_first_day_here_any_tips_on_dealing_with/

Sooo..this is my first day to /r/stopdrinking.  I quit drinking a month ago and have been feeling a lot of the same social anxiety I used to feel before I started using alcohol excessively as a crutch.  I make an appearance in gigs with a band (back-up singing.  no major role) so the shows are usually in bars.  So far I've been to two shows and haven't had anything to drink but I've felt incredibly awkward and uncomfortable in these settings when there hasn't been alcohol involved.  I even contemplated hiding in the restroom for part of the night yesterday (there was a show.  I didn't feel like mingling with the people drinking afterwards).  I guess learning how to be a social creature when I feel like I never truly was one might be beyond the scope of this subreddit but if anyone has words of advice or encouragement to offer I'm all ears.  I'm really struggling with not being able to blend in with my peers (mid-20s) because I always relied on my liquid courage to loosen up and have fun before.  Yesterday was truly difficult to not drink...  :(  
----------immediate responses--------

Good on ya for 32 days and getting through those two shows without drinking! I've found getting a drink (non alcoholic of course) and having a glass in my hand helps with feeling less awkward/nervous and with blending in. I usually go for sprite and cranberry juice or tonic water with some lime. 
You get over social anxiety the same way you got over bike anxiety driving anxiety and performance anxiety: practice practice practice.
I hide in bathrooms sometimes. I just look at it as time outs from difficult situations. I take a few minutes to check in here regain my composure be by myself then take a deep breath and go back to the crowd. Nothing wrong with a time out!
What works for me is accepting that conversations and social interactions are often awkward and that is completely ok. I try to do my best but if it feels awkward or I am self-conscious about being "boring" so be it i take it. I know i am not a boring person overall but it's ok for me not be the soul of the party or the most charming person in the room or not charming at all even :-).
Do you have to go to those shows? Do you get paid for them or anything? Sober people and sober places. Honestly at this point you should be more focused on staying sober than talking to people. I spent a lot of early sobriety alone and learning to be okay with being alone. After that I began to spend a lot of time with people sober people. So I would say take things one step at a time.
When I was at one month hanging out with people sober was so hard. I just wasn't used to socializing without being heavily sedated first and being sober I felt like one huge raw nerve. Sometimes my hands and arms would tremble out of sheer nervousness and it was embarrassing. I had trouble sitting still. I'd be preoccupied with just wanting to get the hell away from other people and be by myself. I'd try to concentrate on what other people were saying but I was really consumed on the inside with feelings about *me*...It's been important for me to hang out with people in a non-drinking setting (i.e. I'm sober they're sober we're just having tea or whatever). I think of it as practice. Cognitive therapy. I force myself to sit still and endure my own discomfort and practice handling the anxiety of being around another person and pretend like I am a normal human being. The more I practice the better I am at it...The other big thing for me has been doing the work of forcing myself to be honest with myself about myself. This has been the most rewarding part of not drinking for me. Stuff is still coming up for me I didn't even know was in there. And the more I realize and accept all the shit I was hiding from myself the less afraid I am of other people. I'm realizing it was never other people that scared me - I was actually just terrified of other people *seeing me*. There was so much bad stuff in there and I was terrified that at any moment someone might look at me and see what I really was. Some of that stuff isn't even bad but it's stuff I couldn't acknowledge or accept. I was so scared someone else might see. Now that I'm accepting those things I'm getting comfortable with myself. There's less and less stuff I'm afraid of anyone seeing. I'm not afraid of **me** anymore and for that reason other people no longer scare me...That being said I am still not a big fan of socializing in a setting where the main purpose of the outing is to get drunk. If the setting I find myself in is a big trigger for my desire to drink then I'm not just dealing with social anxiety: now I'm dealing with the anxiety of being social AND being surrounded by booze. And in the beginning I had a hard time separating the two. I was socially anxious because I wasn't drunk and I wanted to drink because I was anxious and I was anxious because there was booze around and being anxious made me more socially anxious... Phew. That's usually too much pressure to put on myself all at once...My advice if you want it is to separate the two. Practice dealing with the social anxiety all on its own. Don't let the two anxieties gang up on you the bastards. Fight them one on one that's a fair fight until you get stronger and more comfortable with yourself. Baby steps :)
I played guitar in a band in the early 90's. I really don't remember it at all. Flashes here and there but mostly fog.  I think it will get better.  Wear sunglasses and "hide"? Knock 'em dead kid. :)
Dale Carnegie's [How to Win Friends and Influence People](http://www.amazon.com/How-Win-Friends-Influence-People/dp/B008GAT3BI/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1426768176&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=how+to+win+friends+and+influence+people) is a great little book with a very corny name. I know the title is goofy but don't let it put you off. There's a reason it has been in print continuously since the 1930s. ..This book is not "how to be a used car salesman" or "how to be a politician" it is simply a guide on how to converse how to be friendly. It's a manual for social interactions and it's a good one. How to converse how to make others feel comfortable with you how to include others and leave a good impression. It's basically all those things that we think we should somehow instinctively know but missed the memo on how to do. I highly recommend it. I also found myself unsure how to socialize without drink when I got sober the last time. This book was incredibly helpful to me. ..One of the most useful tips in the book is simply to ask other people questions about themselves. People love to talk about themselves. By inviting them to speak on their favorite subject you will be seen as a warm friendly sociable person. It works amazingly well. ..I also found it very helpful to simply stay out of bars as much as possible. Sometimes social obligations lead you there but it doesn't mean you need to hang out very long. Think about it - a bar is centered around drinking you are someone who is fighting to adjust to a sober lifestyle. Could there be a worse place for you to hang out? ..I'd hate to think you need to quit the band but maybe you can make your goodbyes right after the performance instead of hanging out in the bar after the show. Maybe you can encourage the band to seek some less boozy venues to perform in too. You have choices...Good luck and be well. 
