-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zplsv/always_reach_out/

Many times I've said "reach out before you reach for a drink". Contacting someone sober has pulled me back from the edge every time I've tried it during a craving...Today I'm amending that to say "reach out even if you've already reached for a drink". Unfortunately the rules of this sub prevent this from being the place to get that help so you must have a support network or sponsor in place for that...Recently a man in my brother's AA group who was having a bad series of relapses gave up hope cut off contact with his group and purposely drank himself to death alone in his apartment. I can't say for sure that reaching out to his sponsor and group would've saved his life but isolating himself assured his destruction. ..I disagree with this group's policy of insisting people only post sober. While I agree that it could be a trigger for other sd'ers there has to be a better way to help people who are reaching out in a time of crisis than telling them to sleep it off and come back tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

There is no bigger lie alcoholics (myself included) tell themselves than "I can handle this by myself." That same voice is the one that tells me to close the door and shut all the blinds. It's not a good voice...There's an old saying: "God never give us more than we can handle." That's Bullshit straight-up. HOWEVER God also gives us friends. Use them.
I personally did not see the "warning" and posted here for the first time drunk. Woke up the next morning to see the replies and was inspired by the people willing to help. It solidified my decision to get help and reach out further. I returned to this sub after 24hrs and I now have 210 days today after 10+ years of daily drinking. I also "personally" don't agree with the policy. Not knowing I was breaking the "rule" has allowed me to break the cycle and discover sobriety. Thanks for reminding me that I could not do this alone.
I want to understand. I have gone to AA and have multiple people including my PCP who have all told me to call them when I am thinking about drinking. But my mentality has always been to be secretive; to drink without any of them knowing so contacting them just seems contrary. I want to adopt that mentality but seriously don't think I can.
I wonder if this policy is in place not necessarily because of posting but because of the ensuing conversation...If I were to post when I was drunk I'd probably just sound really emotional and like I was venting...But as soon as someone commented on my post it's likely I'd become one of the following in response: argumentative inconsolable incomprehensible flirty angry...When I'm sober I listen better. Just my two cents.
I think this really hit home for me a couple months ago I was at group therapy and we were talking about who you called to pick you up from jail after a DUI.  And the therapist said don't you think that person would rather have picked you up from the bar than picking you up from jail?  It was kind of one of those "ah-ha" moments for me.  Calling someone before everything escalates into a huge problem is probably easier and better for all involved than calling them later to help pick up the pieces.  Same can be said for calling before you drink.  Not sure if it's one of those chicken or egg type things - did I drink because I felt so isolated?  Or was I so isolated because of the drinking?  Or some inner flaw that makes me always keep people at arms length?  One of those things to work through.
