-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zr6z4/the_suicide_carousel_aka_thoughts_out_of_control/

100% of my relapses going back over the last 16 years are accompanied by a wicked mental phenomenon I call the suicide carousel...It starts as I wake up with that "Oh God what have I done." I've drank so much I should sleep until noon the next day but instead its about 3 am. I'm still mostly lit but the body is hurting and the fear starts creeping in. My logic tries to move forward in my brain "Just relax and go to sleep. There's nothing you can do right now and sleep is best." So I try and try. But unfortunately the logical thought keeps getting blasted away every few seconds with the dark fantasies morose debate inner-demons. The ILL-logic that tells me "End it all now."..I toss and turn. I can't stop it. I can't relax. The shame and fear are crawling all over me. I can't go back to sleep because my mind is spinning this round-and-round go to sleep-kill yourself-go to sleep-you used to have a gun-go to sleep-rope will do-go to sleep... and on on on...Eventually I do fall asleep usually exhausted terrified. Praying rolling over a thousand times water out of the faucet back under the sheets. Then sometime around sun up I finally sleep. It happens every freaking time...When I finally wake up sober enough the voice gets drowned out again. But the dark just recedes further back inside and I know it's waiting for my next drink. This whole routine started when I was in my early 20s after blackout drunks. It happened again 5 days ago...I am not taking a drink today. NMW...Can anyone relate?..EDIT: Updated context.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you really have a gun? Get rid of that gun! Honestly the one day at time philosophy works well for suicidal urges too. Don't worry about the future just stay alive through the day. Or in the words of GoT: "What do we tell death? Not today!"
Yes MgFeSi I can relate. In fact I'd be surprised if anyone here who struggles with alcohol hasn't had thoughts of self harm.  It's a scary thing to admit and I'm glad you did that here.  ..It sounds like those thoughts aren't very far from your mind even when sober.  ..It sounds like you may not be safe...If you haven't done so please reach out for help.  I've been to different therapists over the years and finally finally have found someone who has helped me...Be safe...Congratulations on 5 days!
I certainly can relate. .I have lost days and days and days....during hangovers from hell Ive woken up and the fragments of memories of the night before come creeping back... then I feel sick in the pit of my stomach... my head pounds.... I have WANTED TO DIE. Truly wanted to die. I used to self medicate with Serepax so I could just sleep and not have to think.... I would cry and just wish I could go to sleep and NOT WAKE UP. I would go through this again and again and again............ENOUGH!!!!.Please get rid of your gun. Depression is real and it definitely lingers.... even after continued lengths of sobriety...
Absolutely I relate to this. I saw the future as a pointless exercise in running the rat race while feeling like hell the whole time. Lying there awash with dread and terror over staying alive for decades more I wished for death and thought about how much easier suicide would be than going through this awful existence. I would speed along on my motorcycle vaguely wishing for instant death or fantasize about driving into trees and brick buildings. I saw all humanity as diseased pathetic walking bags of meat that could just check out of this plane of existence at any time...I have not felt that stuff even once since November 20 2014 the day of my last hangover. I am now crying in gratitude that I made it through and never have to feel that again.
