-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/303rty/sharing_dark_things_for_the_first_time_looking/

So this is my first post on Reddit after lurking for a couple of years but a couple of months ago I stumbled across this sub and it's been kicking around the back of my mind since I saw it.  I think I need help and I haven't shared this with anybody (not a soul) and I hope that somebody might share their thoughts both for my benefit and anybody else who can relate:..I'm 29 and by most accounts a successful person.  I'm in the first year of a professional graduate school with bright career prospects ahead but I've struggled with drinking since I started around the age of 16.  It's taken me a while to realize the circumstances surrounding my introduction to alcohol: I was originally introduced by an older man I can only now describe (though painfully) as a sexual predator.  He would feed my friends and I booze and film us having sex with older women he would lure us in with.  He would invite us over and on a couple of occasions if we - or maybe I should say "I" - ever got too fucked up we would get put in the shower to "sober up" and it only gets darker from there.  I'm sick as I type this thinking that was filmed as well...Anyway maybe not the right forum for the above content but I realize that these experiences started a pattern of guilt-driven alcohol abuse that has followed for the past 13 years.  I've always felt low self-worth and have compensated by drinking.  It's like I know if I get drunk enough I'll tell somebody what happened and it will be all better but it never happens.  I just drink black out and wind up making shitty choices with women sometimes drugs and / or anything else I probably shouldn't be doing but do anyway because fuck it right?  I don't have a good reason not to.....While at college my drinking picked up and I was consistently blacking out 3-6 times a week.  I got a DWI lost who I thought was and I guess still could be the love of my life put up terrible grades and was generally focused on "partying" as much as I could more than anything else.  I suppose that's the short list of big items that I can remember.  I thought it was a phase when I left but I continued blacking out after college when I started working...Having somewhere to be 9-5 that paid me kept my drinking in check more than it did in college but the weekends were consistently 2 blackout nights in a row.  This tapered off as I got further along into my career trending towards 1 blackout night a week with an occasional extra night or two of heavy drinking sprinkled in every once in a while...After a few years of that I've returned to graduate school and the "culture" is ALL about drinking.  It's even more intense than college because people stake your career prospects on your willingness to take an extra shot with them.  Because of the pressure and uncertainty I've been trending back towards where I was in college and a lot of the old feelings of dread and worthlessness are starting to creep back in.  The past two weeks have been 3+ nights of blackout drinking each...More than anything as I keep waking up to embarrassing stories of my antics the night before I feel guilty for my inability to control both my psychological state and my drinking (I've been pretty successful with most other stuff).  I feel like I'm constantly letting my friends and family down but I can't tell them why I'm feeling this way and how much I use alcohol to cover up my problems...To stopdrinking: if anyone has thoughts about above I'd love to hear but here's what I really want to ask:..1. Given above do you think I need to stop drinking (I feel like I should but I'm scared of what that means)?  I have a hard time putting my drinking into context because of the people I've chosen to surround myself with..2. I'm terrified that everybody I've come to love throughout my life will look at me differently if I stop drinking; will they?.3. Anybody have similar thoughts or feelings about the guilt?.4. Who was the first person you talked to about quitting?  How did you approach the conversation?..If nothing else it felt pretty good to share this.  It's been a heavy burden for a long time and I hope it helps somebody to relate.
----------immediate responses--------

