-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/303s1b/sobriety_vs_depression_and_anxiety/

I've been struggling with making this post for some time because it's very personal to me and I know how hard it is to talk about. Especially to a stranger...Please do not put off seeking help if you are suffering from depression anxiety and/or suicidal ideation. I see posts from people that have had a huge turn-around in their mental state and while I am glad for them I worry about other people putting off seeking proper care because of them. I put off my own care without ever reading one of them...If you are suffering from anxiety depression and/or suicidal ideation reach out. If you are in the United States contact your Department of Health and Human Services and tell them you need to see someone. If you are outside the US check for an equivalent government service - there are people that will help you find them. Please forgive the irony of my suggestion of contacting a government agency so late at night. It was the best call I ever made. I can look forward to maybe feeling better and that's certainly better than the complete and utter despair I used to feel...Take care of yourselves.
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent. Thank you Raven for reaching out to and for others here. ..My own experience is -- While alcohol is a depressant I could not see that in the midst of drinking.  It was after sober for a while that I sought counseling for anxiety and depression both. And am glad I did seek out as you so well put it proper care...Best to you...EDIT: Correction for after over 20-yrs ago my time line gets a-skewed. For it was that I first sought counseling for all three you described including suicidal. Though I did not feel "brave enough" to mention the latter to this particular counselor. However she did see though my facade (lying) about how much I drank and directed me to A.A...I then got sober in A.A. and later went to a different counselor whom I felt I could really open up to. He helped in overcoming the depression especially and how to deal with the anxiety.. Life is better and I too hope others will take heed of what you wrote to us all Raven.
I suffer from anxiety and depression somehow magically haven't had a panic attack after about a month of sobriety!
Easier said than done. I hit up the substance abuse counselors approved by my insurance and the earliest appointment is in fuckin August.
I did not have the best experiences with alcohol treatment early sobriety and my long-established coexisting mental health problems. I went to rehab and everyone told me that everything would be fine as long as I stayed sober; that my level of anxiety (in particular) was "normal" for early sobriety. I heard the same message from my AA group; you just need to stay sober put your sobriety first go to more meetings "let go and let God." I ended up on a psychiatric ward two weeks after being discharged from rehab. The appropriate medications turned me into a completely different FUNCTIONING person. I remember crying when the inpatient psychiatrist finally validated what I had been telling everyone all along -- "yes your sobriety is very important but I think you might need to change your medications around too. What you are experiencing isn't normal." And I have a very long extensive history of mental health issues and psychiatric hospitalizations that everyone knew about...There have been articles even entire books written about why addictions treatment has separated itself so completely from general mental health treatment. True dual diagnosis treatment can be hard to find. My experience in a dual diagnosis IOP program was pretty much identical to my experience in a AA-based IOP program only the DD program had a psychiatrist on staff...I am coming off a pretty severe depressive bout at the moment. Finally seeing a mental health counselor. I wish there were more options that combined mental health and addictions issues. 
Good therapists are so hard to find. And if you aren't ready to face the other demons after sobering up it can be really hard. Been there done that and still working on it. Thank you for this post.
[deleted]
Very true. Nothing to be ashamed of things can be hard. Reaching out is helping me make changes. 
&gt;suicidal ideation..The first time I heard this was after I came to Alcoholics Anonymous. ...
