-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/305g80/i_drink_a_175_of_whiskey_every_3_days_and_want_to/

My first time posting here so I will be brief.   I am a 44yo man just recently married have 2 kids from an ex wife that has since passed away and 2 stepchildren.   Overall I have been a functional alcoholic for most of my adult life.  With the exception of receiving a 4th DUI nearly 1 year ago. 3rd was 11 years prior...With that being said I have no choice but to sober up and the fear of Alcohol withdrawal is very real.   My routine has been to drink Mon-Friday starting at 5-6 pm (unless I have to drive kids) then I will drink 1/3 of a 1.75 mixed with Coca Cola. (about 6-7 strong ones)  Then I look forward to Saturday so I can start drinking at noon and Sunday is even earlier with an eye opener..I will be facing some time in jail or on a program (electronic alcohol monitoring and drug testing)  when I am sentenced next month.  This scares the shit out of me and going through withdrawal.  I have read all kinds of stories about how people have tried to quit.  I know I can't do it cold turkey as I have tried and the sweats nightmares stomach problems etc are too much to bear.   I am trying to reduce my drinking at this time to wean myself down a bit.   I have scheduled an appointment with my family doctor to assist with the detoxification.  ..My question is :  Do you have advice on Detoxifying?  I did get sober back in 2001 and stayed sober until 2004.  However  life events (divorce) as well as breaking my back led me to relapse and start drinking heavier as a way of self medicating.  I can say that during the 3 yrs that I was sober it was the most productive time in my life and I was able to build a multi million dollar business  however when the recession started to hit in 2007 -2010  my business was lost and the alcohol use increased dramatically.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you really should see a Dr. to start with. Then well you already know what has to be done. You have done it before. Its time to let the sun shine in again. I think it is time and I think you can do this. :)
Advice on detoxifying is to see a doctor. It's not something you would ask for help with on reddit.  .  you may need to be medically supervised...When I got sober I was 39. After a progressive long long history of drinking. I just want you to know that the life I have now with my children grown and having many grandchildren I can truthfully say it was the smartest thing I ever did and the most rewarding --- to get help...I needed a lot of help and support rehab counseling AA a sponsor medication but eventually I found a sober life and the rewards are miraculous... I hope you find your way to sobriety also. Whether or not You believe in prayer *I* do and I will pray for you.
Okay the doctor thing is crucial. Weaning down might help but you really need a doctors advice before you quit...Make this part of the plan and make sure you have a good one. Whether it's support groups rehab detox AA whatever....make a plan. Make sure to include something to fill the time that you used to spend drinking...And lastly take action. Any action. The smallest of actions trumps the largest of intentions. Do. ..These are all things that worked for me. I sobered up at age 51 after 3 decades of heavy drinking and if I can manage it so can you. A better life awaits you my friend. 
[deleted]
