-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/306vmb/the_best_defense_of_a_good_offense/

I'm not really sure that title pertains to this but it's what came into my head when I was thinking... What I mean by that is that you have to be active in your recovery. You have to keep tools accessible keep sobriety important have a support staff and think ahead. You can't just not drink for a certain number of days and think you are cured. I've done it I haven't drank for # of days... there. I'm not an alcoholic. Unfortunately chances are that if you are on this sub and reading this post right now then that is just not how things work for you/me/us..Stay on your toes. The most I ever went without drinking was probably 2-3 months... a few times.. but looking back on it.. I'm not sure if I was totally sober that time or if I still had a glass of wine and didn't count it because I didn't get hammered..I have to keep it fresh. I have to read posts from those who had their last drink last night or last week. I have to read the posts from the ones who relapsed. I read their words explaining their guilt and shame and utter hopelessness and I feel it in the depths me. The true meaning of empathy. I'm flooded with the emptiness that came with ending my relationship with alcohol. And I am reaffirmed with the fact that I do not want that in my life... I have to tell them to hang in there. It will get better.. like the loss of a romantic relationship... you will be sad about ending this relationship you will be angry that it didn't work out and that other people seem to have healthy relationships but you two are like oil and water then you will be grateful for all that you have learned from it and then you will be joyous that you are free from the chains then you might be sad again because you did have some good times together.. but it's over. It can never be..I have to go to AA meetings and hear about the ones who lost their homes their families their jobs and I hurt for them. I hurt for them because that could have very well been me. And I am reaffirmed of where my life will be if I choose to drink again. I've told a few close friends about my choice to stop drinking and since they're the ones who were closest to me.. there were no questions as to why I stopped drinking. They knew I had to. They knew the damage I've done and the further damage that I can do..I have to be honest about it. I'm not wearing an AA chip around my neck or showing everyone that I meet but I am honest about my sobriety. I don't tell people that "I'm taking a break". I tell them that I stopped drinking. I suck at drinking. That I turn into that drunk bitch that everyone hates and I'm actually shocked that anyone ever wanted to hang out with me. I'm loud annoying cocky stupid.. everything I hate when I'm around people drinking. And I've been drunk enough in my life to last me the rest of my life." I have to do this. It keeps it real for me and keeps me accountable. I had that conversation with a manager last night and you know what happened when I told him I quit drinking? He believed me..What a great feeling it is to have someone believe you when you tell them that you are done drinking and you want your life free of alcohol. It's indescribable. I don't know that I've ever felt that before.. because I've told everyone else "I quit" about a million times and they want to believe me but they can't because I've burnt the trust bridge long ago..So that's my offense. And when someone offers me a drink...I don't have to stutter through that I'm not drinking anymore or whiteknuckle it to say "no"... My stalking of this sub earlier in the day reminded me of the crippling pain my drinking causes and my AA meeting last night reminded me that a lady lost her family and job because she got a DUI on her way home from work..And I don't want to let myself or anyone else down. I believe in myself and my ability to recover from alcoholism and I do not... absolutely do not want to let myself down (or anyone else) but mostly.. myself.. and I don't want the hopelessness that will come along with it..Thanks for reading! I know its been awhile since I've posted but I'm always here :) Be patient and be kind fellow SDers! <3 SW
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I've been drunk enough in my life to last me the rest of my life..Amen sister!
SW this is a fantastic post. I really like the emphasis on staying active in recovery. I'm beyond sleepy right now but I had to complete my nightly ritual of reading every post that I missed since last checking SD this afternoon because like you I find it vital to stay in touch with the ranges of experience of our fellow sobernauts...You captured so much so well here. ..Have you read Caroline Knapp's Drinking: A Love Story? If not I think she would speak to you:.."A love story. Yes: this is a love story..It's about passion sensual pleasure deep pulls lust fears yearning hungers. It's about needs so strong they're crippling. It about saying goodbye to something you can't fathom living without."..
Very well written!
