-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/308bky/15_years_later/

In September 2013 I did not drink. It's something I've cherished during a lot of dark times that followed. It was part of a 40 day stint of sobriety I had the most I've ever had since I quit drinking...Since then I've almost constantly been struggling to quit. 5 days here 5 days there. A couple of times more than 20 days even. One particularly scary time where I hallucinated for two days due to withdrawals...Since I relapsed on or around October 6 2013 I have not had another month sober. I'm so grateful to be back now. And I can't help but think of all of the struggles and all of the mistakes and money and time I wasted because of that decision to start drinking again. That decision cost me another 1.5 years...I'm not seeking pity and I'm not wallowing in regret but now I respect the weight of the decision to start drinking again. I don't know if I drink if I will ever come back or if so how many years it might be. ..I'm so happy to be here at 30 days. It's been pretty easy this time actually but still I will remain vigilant and take it one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 30 days! You and the people on this thread are doing good things for yourselves and others by talking about these issues. It's especially good for the people that don't want to or refuse to talk about these things to read this stuff. ..For the longest time I believed I didn't have a problem that I was in full control. And one day I realized that I had turned into an angry and vindictive person filled with hate. It is amazing that all that went away when I stopped drinking. All those years I wasted being constantly angry at the world. ..Now I just keep reminding myself of how shitty my life and attitude was and that I will never go back to that. I hope you continue your vigilance and thanks for posting your story!
Glad that you are back. It is amazing how the years slip by when you are drinking.
Those early days are the hardest I know. Keep hanging in there and it'll get easier. Congrats! 
That seems to be how it goes for many.  I once quit for about half a year then started drinking again. I thought I had it under control for a few months there. Whether I did or didn't actually have it under control is debatable and it doesn't really matter because before long I was right back to where I started.  In some ways I was worse off because I was always able to tell myself *I'll quit for good tomorrow. I've done it before I can do it again.*  Somehow that made it "more OK" for me to put it off until tomorrow.  I was left thinking "I've got this...tomorrow."  When you've got something...*tomorrow* you ain't got it at all.   I spent years quitting tomorrow.  ..I don't know that I have another quit in me.  It's best that I don't find out.   Great job on getting back to 30.   Welcome back.
My story is a lot like yours. It took a few years to get sober again after an initial short term success. Those years were so awful. ..For me though that guilt and frustration I felt about that wasted time has totally faded as the sober days add up. I used to think I'd feel terrible about it forever now I know I won't...Congrats on 30 days! I know what a big deal that is. :)
