-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30dwra/good_news_i_walked_into_a_liquor_store_and_the/

And didn't buy myself anything! Last night the boyfriend asked if I could pick him up some beer (Something i wouldn't drink anyway - i don't like the stuff) and I negotiated with him that if I picked him up beer he's paying for my new found chocolate needs...I walked in picked up his 6-pack and the attendant asked if that was it as he was leaning back getting ready to grab me my vodka and again I said I was sure just the beer...It was a little tough not gonna lie - but powered through that..... THEN TWO chocolate bars before bed. God I"m a piggy - and that's VERY NOT KETO! Gah. But I did not drink...Woke up today early despite wanting to sleep in since I work 2 jobs and this is a day off - but instead I"ll just take a shower do some grocery shopping and start my day :)... Maybe MORE cleaning like I did last week hah...The struggle was real but got through it - If I did you can too! Next up I need to learn not to step on a scale every day.. up a pound this week lol..
----------immediate responses--------

Does your boyfriend know about your sobriety?
Hey great step!  Hope all is good.  I have been having dessert with almost every dinner the passed two months.  
I'm trying not to worry about my weight - I've hit a plateau (I lost about 12 pounds in two weeks because I cut out beer and started dieting and only drinking liquor but I realized I needed to cut out everything obviously). I'm anticipating weight loss in the long run but the most important thing is staying sober!
&gt;It was a little tough not gonna lie - but powered through that..Suggestion: Why not let your BF know that going to the liquor store is a struggle? It is for most of us in our first 90 days sometimes first few months. I was told to put as many barriers between myself and the first drink as possible to not take it lightly...I am supportive of everyone here for quitting drinking in whichever manner they choose. But when I read reports of people going into bars and familiar liquor stores in their first two weeks I feel obliged to mention to them that they don't *have* to go in. ..There wasn't anything to prove to anyone about 'toughing' it out. I never regretted any choice I made in my first six months about putting distance between me and the drink. Sharing with the people who cared about me that quitting drinking was hard was empowering not disempowering.
Good for you. I went to the bar the other day where I used to have a beer and chat.  Bartender asked if I wanted a Makers.  Said no I'm on the wagon got a soda pop.  Chatted.
