-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30esra/crying_upset_lost_death/

I have posted here a few times y'all know the whole story of what I may say.. Relapsing into my old habits cause it fits like home. ..My boss politely told me that you keep your "work" (drinking) outside of work and then you come in and perform mediocre. I am so much better than this. I have the conclusions and answers I am beginning to think after succeeding at AA for awhile and then I just get off of that pink cloud dropping so hard like a raindrop...I've lived my entire life up until now avoiding problems instead of confronting them. For the first time in my entire life I've finally realized how I've sharpened my desires of my own selfishness that affected others that didn't deserve it. I am truly a great guy just these stupid fucking voices won't get out of my head. I can't let go of the past I need medication. I am a severe social anxiety depressed psoriatic deathbed alcoholic at the age of 28...Where would you go from here knowing this? I just need strength and faith from others I am not a violent drunk. Just very very manic depressive. I'd be dead if it wasn't for music. I've tried everything but my sober self I can't get over because of the struggle. I am totally alone and in realizing everything ive done over the years and **all of the things ive started and never finished** in turn made me relapse...Thanks y'all. Love you.
----------immediate responses--------

I would talk to a therapist as soon as absolutely possible. Do not pass go. Do not collect 200$. Go see someone. ..If you need someone to chat with hit the chat room on the side bar. But the way you are talking I suggest you seek medical attention. 
It sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed right now and at those times it can be a good idea to talk to someone in person or on the phone. 800-273-8255 could be a good start. 
&gt;Where would you go from here knowing this?..I'd go directly to an MD or therapist that specializes in addictions or call any local hospital or facility that has a rehab program. I'd check myself in and get help. I would then continue with counseling attend AA meetings daily find a sponsor after a reasonable period of time and ask them to help also to guide you on the road to recovery...Many many of us have struggled because we feared asking for help.  You asked and this my reply: You need help. You need to stop drinking. You need to pick up the phone make arrangements to see a doctor therapist and get into rehab. You need to get sober...If you do life will improve by leaps and bounds.
Thank you for your response and time. How do I get FMLA to do this? I need this.
