-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30f0ii/add_and_alcoholism/

I believe I a have found the cause of my inclination to drink heavily and I am now successfully doing something about it. Many of you may be able to relate. Some of you may know about me from previous posts but here's my story for the rest. I'm 28 and I stopped drinking on June 2nd last year after spending my early to mid twenties struggling through college  suffering through several failed relationships and making zero progress solving a myriad of assorted personal problems. By 26 I was a lonely alcoholic working nights in a factory. I had been kicked out of a house I lived in for 3 years by my only friends for my drunken antics. I then relocated to this dodgy apartment complex next to work. I didn't learn my lesson. I continued to drink alone. I started drinking until I passed out/fell asleep every night. After a month sober in January I resumed drinking until June 2nd when I realized I didn't want to end up evicted unemployed or in hospital. ..The pink cloud that summer was amazing and I often came to SD to read/submit. The warm/fuzzy part of early sobriety lasted a long time for me. I switched to day shift and began to eat real food. I paid down my credit card. I started working through some smaller problems. I saved money and started taking care of my health. I began to care about possibly feeling well again. I got in shape and even posted a before/after photo here. I was living life again instead of hiding from it. ..But by winter I realized I was still not actually okay. Better but still unhappy. No matter what I tried I was a nervous exhausted irritable mess and I could not just sit down and take a deep breath. I was completely locked out of my mind. I came very close to drinking a few times in January/February. There were more close calls than I care to detail here. It was then that I realized it would take a psychiatrist to answer the question I'd been asking myself my entire adult life: "Why do I never feel okay?" I already had a good guess that ADD was the cause of my anxiety/depression as well as the explanation for my fascination with booze. In the past I spent a year on citalopram and 5 years on Wellbutrin because my old docs would not assess me for ADD. I was only given anti-depressants that colored my personality in a very negative way. When I stopped taking these meds I started drinking with a vengeance. After over two years of this I saw a new doctor...Well I started treatment for ADD (Atomexetine) on March 4th and gradually began to feel much better. That is an understatement. I am beginning to function normally for the first time in my life. It is still early but I can tell this is going to change my life. I always used to turn to alcohol to keep my mind from overwhelming me. In the last few weeks I have discovered what it is like to be able to simply enjoy the moment. I don't feel like anything is missing any longer. I also stayed sober through a 4 day family vacation last weekend surrounded by booze. I wish I could put into words what it is like to feel well for the first time. I'll just end by saying that if you're still struggling dig deep and do whatever you have to do to stay sober and live happily. There are solutions to your problems and you deserve to find them.
----------immediate responses--------

Bravo for 297 days and congratulations for getting treatment for ADHD! I too have it and am grateful for the progress medical science has made. Alcoholism is often accompanied by other difficulties such as depression OCD and ADHD. .
That's really interesting could you describe your ADD symptoms more? All I really know about ADD is it is a learning disorder. How did it contribute to your anxiety and other aspects of your daily life?
[deleted]
Did you have side effects from strattera? I had such bad migraines I couldn't keep taking it after 2 weeks even though I think someone said they would subside at some point...I want what you're describing :( I take adderall now and used to take concerta (gives me panic attacks if I take it anymore)...I feel better - like I can at least cope with getting most of my shit done even if it isn't easy even if I don't want to do it I can at least cope with doing it - when I take the adderall but I don't have that emotional ease youre describing ..Sigh :( i thought not drinking anymore would solve my mental stuff but it seems like not drinking has reopened the can of mental illness worms that I had numbed closed with alcohol. this is scary and it sucks..I'm so happy for you though and thank you for sharing this because it is definitely a sign of hope for anyone with "alcoholism plus" whatever other problems..Thanks :)
manic depression with ADD tossed in since I can't have a black and white answer of what my mental state is. However I can strongly relate because alcohol is something that can lower the volume that my brain feels from life. 
