-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30gnof/asking_for_a_sponsor_in_aa/

I've been going to meetings for almost two months now (though not as often as I know I should). An old timer bought be a big book when I got my month. Same old timer spoke with me after the meeting today he talked about how you aren't the same once you know that recovery is for you. Mostly I missed his words because I was just soaking in the feeling of having someone care personally about my darkest struggle...I've been trying to get more involved with my recovery considering reaching out and finding a sponsor. What's the etiquette?  Can I ask this guy? Can lady's have man sponsors? What is a sponsor even? Obviously I need to go to the "back to the basics" class two months in and the only thing I know is that I am grateful to be sober.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no particular etiquette--just ask. Regarding pairing up sponsees and sponsors ladies traditionally work with ladies and men work with men. A sponsor is someone who themselves has successfully worked the 12 steps and is therefore experienced and can help a newcomer navigate the AA program of recovery...And the most important thing I know even after a few years sober is that I too am very grateful to be sober. 
The gentleman might have some ladies he can recommend as sponsors. 
Usually women stick with women men stick with men... unless you're gay or lesbian in which case I've seen men sponsor women. 
&gt;What is a sponsor even?..**Great** question! Generally speaking a sponsor is a person who helps you get oriented in AA. At first that might involve just getting you to show up to meetings introducing you to people answering any beginner sorts of questions you might have. Eventually that extends into helping you go through the steps as outlined in the Big Book. Sponsorship is totally voluntary and you're totally free to choose who you do and don't want to work with. It's strongly suggested that you stick to your own sex/orientation when picking a sponsor (to avoid any sexual weirdness) and that you work with someone who has a sponsor themselves and who has completed the steps themselves...When looking for someone to sponsor you pick someone who seems to have what you're after in your recovery. AA's public relations policy is based on attraction not promotion: does this person present an attractive version of recovery to you? Are they someone you feel like you can relate to? If so that's your sponsor...If all you know is to be grateful to be sober you're doing really really well. You'd be surprised how many people go months or even years without doing what you're already doing. That's going to serve you very well going forward. Grateful people are happy not the other way around.
