-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30lwsw/favorite_thing_about_sober_life/

Is there a thread of this? If not could we make one? I (and perhaps others) sure would welcome any combination of fun amazing tidbits that people have noticed they love about the sober life. "See the other side" so to speak is super motivating...For awhile I've been really struggling to be enthused about life sober or not...EDIT: Punctuation...EDIT: Happy I asked. Your guys rock!
----------immediate responses--------

If I feel like going to visit someone I can now just go and do it. No being stuck at home because I can't drive. Just being able to go for drives anywhere is great
Drinking tea and not considering it a waste of time.
I wake up when the sun comes up now and do the next right indicated thing in front of me (which means I'm never bored and never wake up to more booze)....I swear sometimes I get more done in 1 day around my house than I did in 6 months when I was drinking. Leaves lots of time to accomplish new things and more money to do it with.
Good poops and good sleeps :)
The realization that "life is now an open road" there are a multitude of new and exciting options at your fingertips!!!
Anxiety levels are very low. So low I was able to go off of my anxiety medication. 
I'm still pretty new to this but this morning I woke up after a night out with my boyfriend and I didn't have to ask him if we were in a fight or if I did anything stupid. That was a really great feeling.
Just the calmness of it all.
Having a clear head. I guess.
Being able to appreciate fresh air. Seriously it sounds so stupid and naive but just being able to sit outside when I need peace and listen to the wind. And feel the air on my face.
I actually frequently do things that I only used to dream about as an active drunk/addict. I went snowboarding 7 times this winter. Some friends and I are mountain biking frequently. I actually enjoy hanging out with my family and I am capable of accepting love from other people. ..I have a group of friends from the "program" who are one of a kind genuine loyal and selfless individuals who would go out of there own way to help one another or even a total stranger. That was kind of a ranty response but near the end I realized that the friends I have today are the greatest gift my sobriety gives. Now Im fucking crying. Thinking about how much people care for me makes me fucking cry because I never before believed anyone cared about me at all. ..Fuck. 15 months sober and I still haven't managed to gain much control over my emotions. Maybe it's just a pisces thing...but suddenly bursting into tears while commenting in a Reddit thread is unexpected...and a decent start to a Saturday..
A few:.-Not having to think "do I really want a drink" feels like a great freedom (decision fatigue is a thing for me).-The increased energy and stability is also AMAZING.-The extra time and money is also way better than I anticipated
Not dreading mornings and waking up with a fml attitude. 
Ah man great post. I have a lot. My top one has got to be freedom. I no longer am locked in this endless cycle of self-loathing and self-destruction. I can restart my day any time and be happy like really genuinely happy for others instead of myself. ..That is multiple things but I am feeling it today :)
Remembering what I did the night before.  Also not pissing the bed.
That I have dominion and am leading my life based on conscious decision making.
Being able to get in worthwhile exercise.
I can already feel the relationships around me rebuilding. It's amazing what happens to you when you have to actually deal with your depression and anxiety rather than self medicate. ..If you think the people around you don't notice that you're wrong ;)..Oh and I'm just happy. Not sure how else to describe it. 
Yeah I know they sound hokey and the word God is used - OMG downvotes!  BUT the promises of AA have come true for me. Big time...&gt;We are going to know a new freedom and a new happiness. We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it. We will comprehend the word serenity and we will know peace. No matter how far down the scale we have gone we will see how our experience can benefit others. That feeling of uselessness and selfpity will disappear. We will lose interest in selfish things and gain interest in our fellows. Self-seeking will slip away. Our whole attitude and outlook upon life will change. Fear of people and of economic insecurity will leave us. We will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us. We will suddenly realize that God is doing for us what we could not do for ourselves.
Not having this horrible thought(and others) in the back of my head before attending family gatherings.."I hope this isn't going to be a damn intervention that would really mess with my drinking schedule."
Early mornings after a good night sleep. Instead of heading home at 6am dying to go to bed and having to waste a entire Saturday/Sunday laying in my room feeling ill for hours I'm waking up with the world at my fingertips and huge plans for my days to accomplish things! 
How much things start to snowball in a positive direction. All that motivation I always complained about not having...turns out it was just buried under the booze. I'm starting to build up healthy routines again having hints of sparks of interests for hobbies I haven't thought about in months. Plus I love waking up and feeling like I have something to be proud about. 
I love being able to actually create things rather than destroy them.
Not getting into legal trouble .
Driving and singing out loud. Without worries. 
THANK YOU for this post! Turned my gratitude boosters on high and took my saturday from amazing to INCREDIBLE!!! Thanks!
I'm going for runs outside again. ..&amp;nbsp;..I'm not scared to meet new people and try new things. Just a couple off the top of my head right now!
Being present for my family 
The motivation to work lots of hours and make (and SAVE) lots of money and actually be a professional mature 24 year old. Nothing can beat it!
My perception of time. I'm not racing between drinking sessions. I'm not running home at a certain time to get drunk. It's had the unexpected effect of changing my perception of time in general and making me a much more patient person. Occasionally I have to work 14 hour days and it's really easy I have no place else to go so just feel like I'm along for the ride in my life. 
Hope.
Reading. I used to read voraciously as a child. Once I started drinking I couldn't focus on reading so I'd end up reading only 1 or 2 books per year...for the past 8 years or so. Now I go to the library frequently. At 38 days I am currently working my way through a stack of 10 books!
Being sober enough to learn to ride a motorcycle.
Stretching first thing in the morning from getting a good nights sleep instead of reaching for a water bottle or another drink because I had a hangover from hell. 
Everything is easier plus I can drive whenever I want.  Great stuff
If I make a resolution I stick to it.  I'm the captain of my own ship.
Knowing that I haven't disappointed anyone I love today. ..oh yeah and dollar. dollar. bills. 
Waking up and not feeling like death. My Saturday AA meeting and all of the great people in it I waited way too long to meet. Pretty much everything is better now. I can't think of one single activity that I am not more present for and therefore more able to enjoy.
Learning to love who I am and meeting myself. My confidence isn't where I'd like it to be but I've grown so much even over these past 4 months. I literally had no idea who I was and its very hard to love who you are when you're a stranger.
Remembering my hobbies and interests and having the energy and focus to enjoy them again. And actually caring about my actions and being able to control them instead of constantly having to apologize or blow off the problems I create. Every time I slip up and drink this is all I can think about the next day.
Continuous inner narrative...I read what I typed thirty days ago and I remember it. I recognize myself. I keep up with myself and others. Ideas hatch and manifest in action with my consent along the way. Because I remember choosing all of my actions I am no longer constantly embarrassed.
Being able to buy nice material things because I have the money and I know I'm (most likely) not going to destroy them. ..I've broken so many laptops and woke up with like ripped up clothes with no idea how it happened I started buying really cheap shitty things so it wouldn't matter if I broke/lost them. I don't miss that at allllllll
Well it used to be that I did not really care for myself much at all. I knew I was a drunken asshole and that I was pretty much worthless to the rest of humanity. ..Now? I do like myself and what I have become. The guy staring back at me from the mirror is a pretty good guy and I can meet his eye without thinking "What a jerk".
So far? Solid stool and I  can actually eat sweet things like candy again.
