-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30nhey/434_days_a_post_for_all_of_you_that_are/

I've been meaning to do this post for awhile now. Coming here in the beginning and reading all of the experiences really helped me out. I was thinking about that today and I felt compelled to write down my experiences...I remember when I first started lurking here. I had woken up hungover after a night of heavy drinking. I had flashbacks from the previous evening of me riding down the road with my head out of the passenger window puking out large sums of alcohol my body rejecting the poison that I had been exposing it to for years. I was about to turn 26 and I had spent my entire adult life in a drunken trance. You might be familiar with the cycle of waking up hungover and swearing that you will not drink tonight but by the time you get off work you are visualizing the beer or glass of wine hitting your lips...By the time I was 20 I had reached a point where alcohol didn't do anything for me anymore. I wasn't happy or social while drunk. My addiction was physical and I wasn't capable of even considering a life that didn't revolve around alcohol. I floated though life in this state for 6 more years...When I came here and read what others had posted I was shocked to find that so many had experienced what I had put myself though and were able to crawl out of it. So I quit drinking for a week and then relapse then 2 weeks then three weeks and then it finally took. It was such a new and excited time in my life; my head was clear and my mind was operating unhindered by alcohol. I started thinking about the things that I wanted to do with my life and how I had always been held back by the thought that I wasn't smart enough or capable of achieving anything. ..Well after a month of sobriety and having a clear mind I quit my shitty job and moved back to my home town. As of today I have been attending college for a year and am studying to become an Engineer. I found a decent job that will carry me through until I get my degree. I make less than I made at the previous job but have been able to save 7 grand. I read books and am addicted to knowledge. I have read up on nutrition and have been going to the gym for 18 months and have made great progress. I decided I wanted a motorcycle so I researched everything I needed to do to get the license. I then found one I wanted and saved up enough to buy it. I never would have been capable of something like this before. My bills actually get paid early now. My cellphone doesn't get shut off every month anymore...I'm not saying that everything is all sunshine and rainbows. I found that with improving my life and taking on more responsibilities I was presented with more problems but I was not afraid of them anymore. I face the problem and solve it instead of avoiding it or running away. You begin to realize that life is so much easier than you thought it was and that you are capable of some really great things. I used to be so proud of the fact that I was this "functioning alcoholic" but barely functioning was really all that I was really doing...If you are reading this and you are where I was I hope this inspires you and gives you hope. There is so much more to life than that horrible substance. Don't let it consume you anymore. Don't let your mind convince you that you aren't capable of something and that you might as well not even try. You will surprise yourself trust me on this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing! I love reading posts like this. I appreciate the posts that share the rough times that bring people here but I also love to see how sobriety changes lives over time. 
Thank you for this post. I am on the bus going home after a night out with some mates. I didn't drink which I am glad of. However there were a few times when I very nearly did. Everyone was around me drinking and I felt like an outsider for not drinking. I stood there awkward sometime as I only knew 2 of the 10 people out. I thought alcohol would relieve the awkwardness although it would do no such thing and instead of holding the coke I was drinking it would be a beer and I would be in the same position..People look to have a good time on the beer and I was thinking I am missing out I am not sure I was...I am glad I didn't drink tonight and your post reaffirms that. 
Great story. It sounds like you'll like engineering.
I needed to read this thank you for posting.
Inspiring story. Thank you for sharing
Woot woot!!! 
Wow amazing stuff!
This is really inspiring! I feel like I've wasted a ton of time drinking and am looking forward to seeing what the future holds. Congratulations on all these great things!!! 
Hey great read on a Sunday morning. Inspiring. Thanks for sharing &amp; congrats on turning your life around. Awesome :)
[deleted]
Oh wow.  You sound like a 50 year old with 20 years of sobriety under his belt. ..How do you youngsters get such insight and quit so early in your lives?..Just a fantastic post. ..At 26 I thought the solution was more booze. 
&gt; I found that with improving my life and taking on more responsibilities I was presented with more problems..A friend of mine has a saying: "Life is easy when you live it the hard way and hard when you live it the easy way."..Major props to you for all the progress you've made.
