-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30xhgy/i_need_your_help_again/

I'm really struggling with sobriety.  I have been making a very conscious effort - meetings books therapy.  I dove in thinking I was ready and that good results would follow....they're not.  How do I stop hurting the people around me?  I am really trying and it's so hard to explain to them.  I don't want to force myself into isolation but that's exactly what I'm doing..
----------immediate responses--------

I found that I went through a period where all I could do was spit acid at all my friends. Everything they said pissed me off they were always in the wrong. I found that stepping back before I said something really helped as hard as that is often. It eventually subsided. I still want to comment when people say things I find stupid but most the times it is more harmful to me than any "good" I may be doing them by saying the comments. Hope things get better (they will)
For me recovery came with working the steps.  They changed me and changed my life...With that said you have 19 days.  19 DAYS!  That is AWESOME..I know one of my problems was (and still is) is that I was (and still am) very impatient.  ..I applaud you for wanting to grow and be a better person and that will come in time.  ..As far as dealing with others I had to explain to them that I was adopting a new way of life and I was struggling... and begged for their patience while I got my footing.  Most of the people I loved understood and allowed me to progress the best I could...If you owe someone an apology - apologize.  .Then keep working on this fragile but rewarding journey...I does get better.  It DOES.  I promise you - IT DOES! ..But honestly I didn't start seeing significant progress until around 3 months.  And I didn't start feeling stable until around 6. ..I know that seems like a long time away - but you can do it.     .
I think you're making a very great start.  We do have to jump in.  Good results *do* follow.  Not always as quick as we'd like.  Hell rarely as quick as we like.  I'm not sure how long you were drinking but it'd be presumptious and a little big-headed to think 20 days of not drinking will completely reverse everything...How do you stop hurting people around you?  That's huge.  The fact that you're asking this question means you're well on your way to accomplishing this.  It takes time.  And work.  And I guarantee you that you'll still hurt some people (including most of all yourself) along the way.  You can have decades of sobriety and still hurt people.  That's just being human...Keep doing what you're doing.  And keep venting this stuff.  If you have a bad day every day for weeks *months* just keep venting and talking about it.  Above all don't pick up that first drink...When things start to get squirrely for me I look at what I'm doing.  It's usually the basic fundamentals I've learned that I'm neglecting.  Getting enough sleep.  Exercising.  Eating healthy.  Hitting meetings.  Reaching out to others.  Getting things off my chest.  Starting my day off with a prayer and some reading...In the beginning you're building a foundation.  It takes a while to build the foundation of a skycraper.  It won't take 19 days.  It'll take what it'll take and it has to be given as much time as needed.  You're going to rebuild your life on top of it.  I'd say take it a little easy on yourself.  Strive for humility and simplicity.  Find someone who's got less time than you and reach your hand out.  You've got this :-)
Isolation for a few months isn't a bad thing. You need time to heal yourself before you work on relationships with others. Be careful...that inner alcoholic will try anything to get you back including convincing you that you're a bad person and that you don't deserve sobriety.
Only 19 days.  Give it time.  Isolation from some people in your life may be just what you need now.  Again time is on your side as long as you remain free of poison.
I know what you mean the beginning is hard.  I had to isolate myself from people for a while too - in fact I still do it more than I thought I would - because there is a lot of negativity.  I had to learn to be gentle with myself take things slow and realize that I don't owe anyone an explanation.  They don't have to like or agree with my choices.  And they don't have to like me either.  I still don't always feel ok inside myself but more so than ever before.  And that has to do with keeping away the negative people.
Hello..19 days is huge.  Fantastic work!...But oh boy can you feel like shit.  It took a long time to get you to where you are.  It's going to take awhile to get out of it 100%...In my experience very few non alcoholics really understand our condition.  But then again how could they....You're doing the right think.  Meetings and therapy.  The beginning is the toughest but it does get better way better....I was a bottle of vodka a day alcoholic for over a decade.  I really don't think about booze anymore...
"God grant me the serenity to accept my own rate of recovery."..Peace
