-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30ztr5/falling_apart_i_didnt_realize_it_now_i_do_still/

I'm an intelligent relatively insightful woman. So why haven't I realized the trouble I'm in?..I've cried every day for the past two weeks (at least). Depression has been slowly gripping me for the last month or so...when I'm alone I sometimes just sit staring at nothing. TV is too mentally stimulating sometimes so I just sit in silence. I feel like my future is a black hole sucking me in. I regularly remind myself that I'm a bad person. I'm tired all the time. I'm not suicidal but I find myself fantasizing about death. Today I was on a walk and I passed a bar and without even stopping to think I walked up to the entrance. (I walked away. I did NOT relapse.)..It wasn't until tonight that I realized..."Hey ladyJ maybe something is going on with you." Why can't I see in myself what would be so obvious in other people? Am I blind stupid in denial...? It's just frustrating because I was a hot minute away from relapsing and had I recognized my depression sooner it wouldn't have been such a risk. I think it's because when I'm at work or when I'm with people I'm ok. It's just when I'm alone that the crushing sadness and fear and guilt hits me...I don't know why I'm writing this. I am back in control and have a plan. Maybe someone will see this and realize they're in trouble too. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your insight into depression.  As someone who has fought with mental illness since my teens I know how difficult it is to realize you are in trouble until you are almost smothered by the wet heavy blanket that is depression.  ..Please follow through and get some help. Stick with that plan...and thanks again for sharing.  ..
I'm sorry to hear you're having a difficult time but glad to hear that you didn't drink because of it.
Glad to know you have a plan.  You can be the most insightful person in the world but it's incredibly difficult sometimes to apply that to ourselves.  Stay strong and sober!
You remind me of myself. I drank to cover up to stop myself from thinking all the time. It allowed me to just mellow... and then when I stopped all that crazy thinking came right back. Mine isn't depression it's more of a runaway mind...The point is I drank to self-medicate. I was covering up this racing-slicing-crazy pattern in my head...It took a while but now I occupy myself constantly: I read like crazy  I build things in my woodshop I write fiction just for fun I Reddit I engage my mind instead of running from it...You're facing your uncovered situation which may be depression or something else but I think this is what you've uncovered. Talk to someone you trust. Best wishes and good luck.
[deleted]
