-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/318o2k/need_some_help/

My wife had the baby (yay!). Everyone is healthy but I am having the strongest anxiety and urge to relapse since quitting.  I think it is mostly work stress related. Although I have taken the week off I can't stop worrying about the work emails that keep coming in. I literally had nightmares about it and spent most of the day yesterday in the hospital room trying to get work done instead of being as supportive to my wife as I could be.  I can see a bar from our hospital room window (the same bar I went to when our first son was born) but I'm gonna try to ride this our. Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your baby!  How are your wife and baby doing?..I would play it forward if I were you.  Sure I may be stressed and having a drink will make those feelings *temporarily* go away.  However if I have one and throw away all the non-drinking days I may as well have a few and get drunk  Then l not be there for my family.  I will wake up realizing I am back to day 1 and the feelings of stress are still there only now with the added alcohol anxiety and my addictive voice will awaken and have new ammunition knowing quitting was not forever so I will have that problem back in my life again only to delay a feeling of stress...Good luck!  I hope you are at 457 days tomorrow.
Congratulations Dad! So glad to hear that Mom and baby are doing well. This will be a very stressful day but it will still only be 24 hours long. Do you have a support system you can contact? Hang in there and do whatever it takes to stay sober today. You will be much less useful to your family if you get drunk.
Congrats. This is emotional time and a great one!..As one who didn't do this particularly well can I say that being present for your wife right now is not something that you can forgo or *ever* correct if you find a reason not to be. Especially drinking but also by working. ..OK business owner with kids here and my advice: Turn on an auto-response and tell everyone that your answer will be delayed. Decide a time when you will check and respond to email maybe twice a day. Then stop checking email between times. 
Congrats on the birth! Drinking won't help any of it. Talking to my wife recently I struggled to remember my 2nd daughters birth the other day. 9years ago... The memory was just not there any more... I cried and felt so bad I couldn't remember it. I probably would have remembered it had I relapsed that day... Might not want that memory attached to your child's entry into this world huh?
Thank you all for the support!  (I tried to reply earlier but the reception was bad)  That was exactly what I needed to hear.  I did not drink today and am feeling much better 
Yay baby! I'm sorry this struggle is showing its ugly head at such an important time. Good for you for acknowledging it and posting about it. When I was in a similar situation I worked hard to remember that even though there are lots of people who needed me right then I needed to be sure to take care of myself. Without that I couldn't be there for them...I hope you're able to enjoy this time - congrats Dad!
