-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31f6vc/my_birthday_is_today_ill_be_alone_at_home_but_at/

This is my first birthday sober since probably 1986. Well not "probably" that's not honest. It is the first. I cry everyday these days every day. (I sometimes wonder if I'm not becoming dependet on some chemical that is being released in my brain when I do.)  ..I just want to thank everyone again for making this the most powerful website on the internet. Things that happen here things we write about are so important in this struggle.  I am proud of each of you for trying to make positive changes from within changes that are excruciatingly painful but incredibly rewarding.  Have a safe sober rewarding day. Think about positive things look up "explosive sausage dog" on Youtube and maybe try and put a smile on someone's face!  Thanks again.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday! What should we do for party games?
Happy birthday! ..It's normal to have heightened emotions including some scary and unpleasant ones; you aren't becoming dependent on a brain chemical you are growing as a person.
Happy Bellybutton Birthday!! ..You don't have to be alone unless you choose to be. If this was my first sober birthday I would want to mark it as something special and I would find a way to pry my ass out the door. Call another alcoholic I bet it won't be hard to find someone else that's alone today. Go be alone together it's a hell of a lot more fun than sitting at home sobbing.
Happy birthday!!! If you're alone I'm pretty sure this sub has a movie night on Saturdays. 
Happy Birthday!..Sausage dog put a smile on my face!
it was my bday yesterday happy bday bday buuuuddy. 
Happy happy birthday! Thank *you* for your posts here :)
Happy birthday! Keep up the sober work
Happy birthday to you! Are you doing something nice for yourself? Buying yourself a well-deserved present?
All the best SK! Today's a great day to reflect on all the good things in your life. Congratulations!
Happy Birthday Super_K! You're one of the folks I look for every morning on the 24hr pledge thread. I'm glad we found this powerful place. Let's celebrate!..What's on your bday agenda for tonight? 
Happy birthday! :)
Happy birthday to you ! ..You are not alone.
Happy birthday "I am proud of each of you for trying to make positive changes from within changes that are excruciatingly painful but incredibly rewarding. Have a safe sober rewarding day."..
Happy Birthday! .Crying can be good for the soul it can also mean we haven't established a good emotional outlet..Maybe today you can treat yourself to a fun activity rock climbing yoga zip lining paddle boarding something to get those physical senses tingling.
Happy Birthday!! Weird. We share a bday and kicked the habit at almost the same time. Cool!
Happy birthday! It is a special day!
Happy birthday I'm proud of you. I hope your day is filled with happiness. 
Happy Birthday ( David??)  http://youtu.be/MY86qCA3a68
Happy Birthday!  
[deleted]
Happy birthday! 
Happy birthday my dude! ..Keep on keepin' on.
[deleted]
Happy birthday!!
  You're in the right place   Happy Birthday. 
Happy birthday! :)..Way to keep yourself honest. It's one of the most important parts of sobriety...I have been crying a lot lately too (recent relapse after almost a year). It always helps. And it will get better too - our emotions are all crazy in early sobriety! It's like everything you've been putting off feeling through all of these years is coming back up.
Happy birthday! 
Happy birthday!!!!!  &lt;3
Happy birthday...And yeah crying and emotional lability are pretty common in early sobriety. We haven't been feeling those feelings for a while because we were numbing ourselves and now we're acutely feeling everything. It's a big change.
Congrats!..I don't remember the last time I spent my birthday with someone else so I know it's going to be a tough one to go through sober but luckily there's a while before I have to face it. And hey if others can do it.....Also maybe you can collect your tears in a bottle and use them for some happy magic. Pretty sure I read that in a fantasy book once. :)..Keep on trucking.
Alone is good. :)  You're here with us healthy and not drinking - I'm in awe!
:) Happy birthday.
[deleted]
