-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31fyyf/day_one/

I have completely stagnated in life.  I need a mountain to climb but I feel like I am standing in the middle of a gigantic empty field with nothing on the horizon.  I am a man god damn it; I need a victory a kill.  I'm sick of sitting here in a tired hungover haze...I read once that every person has a master/slave relationship with alcohol.  That is my problem; I am now wearing the chains.  No more.  Hopefully quitting drinking will clear my vision and somehow somewhere I'll see something worth striving for.  I want struggle.  I want pain.  I want to experience life as it is.  ..I'm 31 I didn't really think I'd last this long but I've got to believe there's still time to turn things around.
----------immediate responses--------

One of the best tips I read on here so far was that when you start feeling the urge to grab a drink to see it as a wave. You'll notice it coming and once you're aware of it it'll become real easy to let it ass. ..Rinse wash repeat. 
I never thought I would survive to 30. This year i will celebrate 29 years sober. It all started with day one. Good luck.
Welcome to this side of the fence.  Once your head clears out you will find you have a ton of time to climb you mountains!
Welcome!..Age is so much a point of view. I remember when I was a kid people who were 30 seemed almost like a different subspecies of humans; now it looks pretty young to me (I am 48)...I lost more or less all my 30's to alcohol and pot and depression. Many people say that it was the best decade of their life where they really got themselves together in the world and in their personal life. You can be able to look back and say that in 10 or 20 years! It is totally not too late to turn things around. 
There is PLENTY of time to turn things around. Thank you for posting here - for me it's really helped to post here at least once a day. This is such a rare nugget of the internet - a helpful and kind segment of humanity that you can always rely on for sound counsel and kind words.
