-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31glry/making_sobriety_about_one_thing/

And that one thing is not drinking...I'll be brief but I want to share where my head is right now. I don't like to sabotage my own life and yet I have done so more than a few times. I also don't *want* to sabotage my sobriety. So how and why have I?..I add contingencies to my sobriety. These are if>then kind of mental arrangements I will make with myself...If x then I'll drink. If y then "oh well all is lost might as well get snockered." If z then "well there's no point anyway." But that's absolutely the dented mentality that guarantees my sobriety is constantly hanging by a thread. Because I'm not really committed to sobriety no matter what I'm committed to being dry unless certain other areas of my life break down...I am making my alcohol problem one thing: a problem with alcohol. It's not alcohol plus wife finances job depression body image commute time etc. Here's why this is important for me (and I hope for us) I will make a covert contract with myself that if x y and z happen I have my own permission to drink. That is making my sobriety contingent on things other than consuming alcohol...* Got a problem with your money? OK then work that problem out but don't drink over it..* Had another fight with your  friend? OK then deal with it sober..* Relapse on that other bad habit you've been kicking? OK start over again day 1 on that but don't freaking drink...This is what No Matter What means (herein instituted as official subreddit stopdrinking acronym NMW (I can do that right?)). Regardless of what happens today this sobriety which touches my entire life will be about one thing: don't take the first drink NMW...Shitstorms are on the horizon death is waiting good and bad surprises are right around the corner...I would be interested to read your thoughts on this.
----------immediate responses--------

Completely agree with everything you've said.  It has to be no matter what. Alcohol will never make anything better for us. Any problem we have will be made worse if we add it into the mix...Interestingly enough I've recently relapsed and it was (indirectly) a result of everything going well in my life - I stopped prioritizing meetings and eventually stopped going all together...It seems this disease is out to get us either way. Good times or bad times. That's why I've committed to doing something preventative for my sobriety every single day NMW.
When I begin debating myself as to whether I will drink again I know it's time to take action. That is an argument I will never win so my solution has been to move my feet and get to a meeting move my hands and call a friend or move my knees and pray. If I take the right actions then my thinking will usually follow.
Great strategy. Thanks for sharing!
This idea/concept has been the most exciting part of my start with AA. I hadn't thought of it that way at all but I have heard it over and over from people. Solving my alcoholism will not solve all of my problems. I will still have them my life will still be messy but I will not drink over it. Just kind of a mind blowing idea perhaps a bit depressing if I expected sobriety to solve all of my problems. I think what sobriety does is allow us to see and attack the problems--we still have to do the work but we aren't fighting with a rubber sword anymore. 
