-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31go5h/i_never_thought_i_would_have_to_start_over/

Hi everyone I've been frequenting (mainly lurking) this sub for awhile and would have had a year of sobriety on April 8th had I not relapsed last week...I am so upset with myself.  Things in my life have been going great academically professionally and personally all thanks to my sobriety.  Because everything has been going so great I stopped prioritizing meetings and didn't go to any for 3 weeks.  I also didn't meet with my sponsor during that time...I felt completely distant from the program which led to me feeling extremely anxious and restless.  Unfortunately this feeling is probably my biggest drinking trigger.  It was the first time in almost a year that I wanted to drink or do something to take the feeling away.  Instead of calling someone and reaching out for help I opted to drink and here I am...I made it back to the program but I'm extremely humbled and sad.  I wonder if my boyfriend and I will break up.  We have been together for almost 5 years.  I never wanted to put him through this again.  I hate this disease.  I have a pit in my stomach that won't go away. I won't see him again until Friday so I just have to live with not knowing until then...Sorry to ramble I just need you guys right now.  I have a lot of trouble connecting with a higher power when I am by myself.  At this point in my sobriety I need other alcoholics to help me feel connected.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Instead of calling someone and reaching out for help..When it's inconvenient to call someone or tell someone I just dump it all right here on SD. Just typing it out takes some of the power away. And then the reply's start rolling in and it further strengthens my resolve...When we want to drink and that switch has been flipped it goes against every fiber of our being to tell someone. That's when I go into panic mode and just tell someone anyone it doesn't matter. I've even told people who aren't in recovery. I don't need wisdom or advice in those moments. I just need someone to listen to me and talk to me. I don't even care if they don't fully understand. But there is always SD and again just dump it all out here when you get those urges...Your almost year of sobriety hasn't gone to waste. You still have that time under your belt. You still had that experience and learned from it. And you now have the valuable insight into what can cause a relapse...Pick yourself up don't beat yourself up. Today is a new day and it's a wonderful new beginning.
Glad you are back.  I really respect your honesty and openess in your post.  ..You are definitely not alone and you are definitely not a bad person.  You know what to do and I am sure you will do it.  When you do things will get so much better for you...No more lurking!!!!  :)  Get here and keep us posted about how you are doing.  Good luck!
Thanks for sharing your story with us it's a good reminder for me that I can't become complacent in my recovery. Welcome back. 
Thanks for sharing. I feel the exact same way when I stay away from the rooms for too long. 
Thanks for posting - stories like yours are always humbling learning experiences for me. I should never not be working on myself and conscientious/alert to old behaviors...I look forward to reading more of your posts.
I am so glad you made it back to the program.  This is what scares me so much about my disease.  I'm not so sure I would have made it back to sobriety as fast as you.  If at all.  Thanks for posting.
Someone said here that the really important question is what you do after that relapse. Many people don't want to face the painful and humbling thing that you are doing here - getting back to your program and examining what happened and they go off on an extended drunk possibly never coming back. 
