-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31knp7/struggling_with_sundays/

Heading to 12 days but Sunday is the worst for me.  Divorced with one daughter in college and the other (13F) with me on many weekends.  When I get back after dropping her off at her mothers it is just me in my apartment and I am not in a relationship.  I have no one to be accountable to so these are hard nights.  I could not get to a meeting due to Easter dinner ending late so I am posting here.  Any other single drinkers trying to stop.  How do you deal with Sundays and the empty house and the thought of the coming work week.  I have good plans for the week SMART on Monday a mens group on Tuesday and my therapist on Thursday.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm single and the house is empty everyday. Maybe some tea? I like to have some tang thrown in mine. Maybe go for a walk? :)
Sorry to hear you're struggling. When I first started out and hit a rough patch I would go to a meeting exercise clean my house or walk my dogs something positive to channel my energy into...Good luck you can do this!!
I hear you bingo.  Empty house can be difficult and so can leaving someone you love and who loves you even if it's just for five days!.It's good that you recognize the trigger there. I don't have much more time than you so I offer support and scant advice.  For me just watching that very bad feeling has been a useful way to deal.  And GingerAle I have come to really find satisfaction in GingerAle.  If you don't drink this will all (Sundays included) get better!
Since you know that the drop-off is a trigger what if you make plans ahead of time to do something fun? Or a regular volunteer commitment?  Go to gym? Or post here! My counselor taught me to do this &amp; it's helps me neutralize potentially lonely occasions. I'm also single &amp; sometimes leaving the warmth of family/friends heightens my loneliness too. 
Well I made it through thanks for the replies.  I am at two weeks today.  Posting here was a help as it was reaching out and something I need to do more of.  
