-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31mamc/easter_was_hard/

Family gatherings... uff. It was a close call. Saturday and Sunday were really hard. Me watching how everyone could grab a beer or a glass of wine with no worries me envious. Sunday I spent all day thinking about having a glass of wine. I was bored angry I just wanted to give up have a rest from this constant battle. But it felt so sad to think about getting back to my old life to weekends filled with wine and guilt to days filled with searching excuses to drink. I don't want to go back to that and I knew that if I had that glass of wine I'd be back to that life and to be that person that I'm ashamed of. ..I feel that as the days pass it gets easier in some ways: in my day to day life it's easy not to drink it has become a habit. But it's also easy to forget why I stopped drinking and when I'm faced with unexpected urges I easily fall back into the old pattern. My mind was racing like crazy it was extenuating and nerve racking. And lonely. My family knows I stopped drinking alcohol but they don't know what a struggle it is. I came to SD several times during the day and felt less lonely and a little bit more peaceful and strong about my decison not to drink. Thanks SD!..I'm really proud of myself I wanna feel proud e keep that feeling I wanna remember that this is the right decision that this is not the easy way but it is the way to grow and be a better person.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Easter was hard..It gets better!  Congrats on getting through it.
Do you have a strong desire to drink?  A craving?  If so what is your plan to make that go away?
Put this one in the bank WannaBeRealMe. Each time you get through a hard situation--holidays being one of them--you gain experience. You know you can do Easter and next time armed with this experience you can find ways to make it better and even enjoy it. You had a good plan--turning here for support during the day. Keep up and this will get easier and more enjoyable. 
I completely understand where your coming from on this one. Day to day does feel easier but  I also struggle with thoughts and justification to keep drinking. Mine is normally centered around my brain telling me that "I wasn't that bad" or "I quit too soon."  I found this post that helped a lot http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/..I have also been seeing a counselor and recently attended my first AA meeting. I hate working out but I have started to add that to my list of things to do when I am feeling down and it works.  Keep fighting for your sobriety and try whatever it takes to make it work. 
