-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31mdhz/easter_was_easy_hope/

Hi folks.  I saw a post on here about how hard Easter was (although the OP made it through like a champ!).  Holidays are always rough.  So I thought I would tell you a little about mine with the intent of providing some hope for those of you who are new and/or struggling...When I first got sober holidays created more stress than just about anything else.  Here are some of the emotions I would go through every holiday for at least the first year:.. - Shame:  oh there is the alcoholic Nika sitting in the corner not drinking.  Isn't he so sad???.. - Guilt:  Hey Nika you did this to yourself because you can't drink like a man!  Hope your happy now... - Tension:  I would be on edge for every minute that I was with the extended family at holiday events... - Longing/Envy:  Can't I just have one drink?  I mean everyone else seems fine and god knows I have been sober for XXX months just one glass of wine should be fine right?.. - Anger (my fav):  How can my sis-in-law not finish that glass of wine??!!  She has only had 2 sips all freaking afternoon!  What a bitch.  She is probably leaving it there on the table on purpose just to taunt me.....etc etc etc...Needless to say holidays were hard.  But I got through them with a support system and program of recovery.  There were several holidays where my wife and I drove separately because I knew I was going to leave the minute I started letting the above emotions get to me.  I left many a family event after an hour or so (interestingly I have since had 3 separate nieces in their early 20s privately say to me how much they admired the fact that I would leave events early as opposed to risking drinking)...On to this Easter....it was easy and awesome!  I woke up at 5 am went for a run came home to my coffee and went outside and hid about 100 Easter Eggs for my kids.  Read the paper and waited for everyone to get up.  We all did our usual Easter morning routine including our egg hunt.  Then in the early afternoon we went to my brother's house for a 40 plus person get together.  People were drinking of course.  Although honestly I have no idea who drank or how much.  The fact is that I just don't think about it any more.  We came home happy and in good moods.  There were no family fights.  My wife and I went on a nice walk and during the walk we got into a disagreement over college choices.  Instead of me being at the end of my rope from a long stress filled day of white knuckling it however we were able to disagree like mature grownups and get over it with no resentments...All in all it was a pretty great day.  ..**I am not posting this to brag about my day.  My hope is that those of you who are struggling or having feelings like I went through in early sobriety can see that if you stay the course and work on your sobriety you life can be so much better.**..Good luck all.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm thankful that drinking never entered my mind yesterday even though I was at the home of drinkers. The hardest part about Easter for me was safely passing two drunk drivers on the way home at 6pm.
Thank you for this. It really gives me hope. Maybe next year my easter will be easy too :)
I love this post. I especially like the contrast between your experience yesterday and my careful audit of how much or how little everyone at the event I attended was drinking. Still a way to go for me I guess. 
&gt;Shame: oh there is the alcoholic Nika sitting in the corner not drinking. Isn't he so sad???..&gt;Guilt: Hey Nika you did this to yourself because you can't drink like a man! Hope your happy now...&gt;Tension: I would be on edge for every minute that I was with the extended family at holiday events...&gt;Longing/Envy: Can't I just have one drink? I mean everyone else seems fine and god knows I have been sober for XXX months just one glass of wine should be fine right?..&gt;Anger (my fav): How can my sis-in-law not finish that glass of wine??!! She has only had 2 sips all freaking afternoon! What a bitch. She is probably leaving it there on the table on purpose just to taunt me.....etc etc etc...I have felt everyone one of these too.  ..Good job and thanks for posting! 
Thank you! And thank you for coming to my aid yesterday. There's so much learning in sobriety it really is an active process. And every experience you get through without booze makes you that much more prepared to handle it the next time it happens. Kudos on a great Easter!
This is great. Making it through the cycle of a year and its opportunities to drink is a real milestone. Like all our experience we can forever in the future draw on that--*I made it through last Christmas without drinking so I know I can do that again this year.* Even when the days aren't so particularly good. ..My Easter was similar to yours right down to not being derailed by a bit of conflict at one point (OK a good bit). I got to appreciate my kids (who said the egg hunt was especially hard this year ha-ha) aging in-laws and parents and my kids telling me how great a day it was at the end of it. Like you I say this not to brag but to say that while holidays *seem* hard they're actually much *much* easier sober--once you get the hang of them. ..Thanks for this.
Great post. I think it's really important for people to hear stories of struggle *and* success. Your post helps to show others that not only is it possible to survive the holidays but to thrive and actually enjoy them... what a concept! 
Wow your post hit home. The emotions you described are spot on. I'm still early in enough that I feel them (anger jealousy so lame "if only I could have held my liquor like an adult")  but I'm finding the emotions a lot less intense as it goes on....Thanks so much for sharing -so inspiring!!
