-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31mt2q/my_slip/

After just under 6 months of sobriety I had a slip 18 days ago while away on a work trip. I found myself in Atlanta along with four other co-workers young guys like myself who also partake in the the same drink and substances that I used to. Coming from a colder climate Atlanta's weather had us all out on a sunny patio at the end of two weeks of travel through several states. Suffice it to say I stuck around longer than my instincts told me I should and I ended up ordering a number of beers with everyone else. As it often has in the past the night went on with more drinks and eventually us finding the drug of choice and the party kept on. ..Here's the thing: The night in and of itself wasn't THAT bad. I didn't blackout. I didn't do anything outrageously offensive or hurtful to anyone. We all made our flight home the following day. In the context of the situation it was a fairly "normal" night...In the days that followed though everything felt different. The shame and the fear crept back in. I felt like shit; mentally physically and spiritually. In the almost 6 months I had stayed sober life had become so much richer and full of meaning. I had come to appreciate all the seemingly little things that I had missed when drinking and using. It was good simply to be alive and healthy. After drinking just for that one night everything was sucked away. I felt like I had been ripped from everything that keeps me grounded. ..I realized again the hard way that the pleasures of drinking and/or using are completely superficial. You exchange a lasting fullness for immediate short-term relief and excitement. It took me about a week to start to feel like my whole sober self again but I eventually got there by reaching out to sober friends and taking an honest look at what got me there and how to thoroughly move forward in my recovery program. ..While I would absolutely have done things differently if given the opportunity to live that night over again and I wouldn't recommend relapsing to anyone under any circumstances (it SUCKS) this experience has solidified my belief that drinking isn't for me. My life is unfathomably more rewarding and beautiful when sober. ..Thanks for reading and have a great 24 SD! I love you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I generally have a reasonable night on those I've relapsed. Cautious in control and all that malarkey. It's just the door opening for all the other alcohol to stroll right in whenever it wants. Practically 2 weeks after my last relapse (which I tried to make myself as miserable for as possible) I'm finding it much harder to stay on the horse this time even though the point I took away from the episode was that it was a worthless experience. Yet I think about it drinking much more than I did 3 weeks ago. But we keep on keeping on don't we?  I'll not be drinking with you today friend. 
Why is this a slip?  A slip connotes a minor unintentional event. This sounds like it was quite intentional. ..This mindset where we minimize our conduct and actions ( I.e. "The night in and of itself wasn't THAT bad") is a slippery slope for us alcoholics to traverse. 
Every time I've relapsed the first night was not the problem. It was the days and weeks afterward as I slipped right back into my old drinking patterns. I can't have a single-night "slip". Every time it sparked a gradual return to daily drinking. And each time I relapsed it became harder and harder to put any sober time together.
