-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31rwkx/really_shook_and_just_need_some_support/

Long time lurker of this site I think I'm finally ready to commit to quit drinking.  I'm going through it right now between the jail time for my DUI (2nd one) and being a drunk jerk yesterday at a funeral luncheon to my husbands family I think it's time (duh!)...It's just that drinking is so engrained in our culture that I've just been struggling with trying to control it.  I obviously can't and I've gotten myself in trouble and am now pushing away loved ones.  I feel so terrible physically and mentally and I don't want to feel this way anymore.  I've maybe drank three times in the last three months each time blacking out drinking way too much and losing control.  Only yesterday I was volatile and for no reason!  Ugh this disease is just gross...I don't really dig the whole AA scene though so I'm not really sure how to go about this.  My husband is a two-three beer a night guy and I can resist it on a night to night basis but it's those occasions like weddings funerals parties with friends where I just go all out and piss everyone off or act a fool...Just going to approach this on a 'today I'm not going to drink' philosophy.  Maybe that and with all your help I can finally get this god damn monkey off my back.  Please share your comments and/or concerns.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! Sorry you're going through a hard time right now. Glad you found this sub :)..&gt; I don't really dig the whole AA scene though so I'm not really sure how to go about this...Okay so I'm curious - is it the God thing about AA that leaves a bad taste in your mouth or something else?
One day at a time worked for me. But then the issue of fixing my mental world started. It's been quite the journey. .."Just because the monkey's off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town"..Working through anger and fear have been so important in maintaining long term sobriety for me. ..Have you considered a counselor? 
I remember how lost I was 2 years ago... a total mess. No clue where to begin. I couldn't get my head around the idea of living without alcohol... booze is everywhere. How was I supposed to have any fun or burn off stress??? I started out with a therapist and going to meetings maybe that could help you too. My life has got so much better it's truly remarkable. ..Good luck in your journey.
[deleted]
