-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31rzqt/my_first_day/

I have a private blog that I dedicated to my drunken ramblings to get out painful things. Today I wrote my first sober post in it and I wanted to share because I want this to be how I started my sobriety. I'm not a good writer so i apologise for its incoherence and its length...> I hit the breaking point on the weekend. I had to reach my lowest point to truly realise how much damage I was doing to myself and how truly self-destructive I'd become. My drinking has become a problem. I'll try to explain in a coherent way but my mind is truly scattered at the moment...>As I've drunkenly tried to explain in previous posts I've taken to self-medicating myself with alcohol. At first it was just on the weekend once every fortnight or so then it increased to the point where I would be absolutely obliterated 3 or more times a week. I thought this was a good idea since I'd feel a little bit better once I hit the peak of intoxication. I'd wake up feeling like shit but I could drink some more and eradicate my hangover. I'd then start remembering the stupid things I did while drunk and I'd get told the rest. My memory of a fair portion of my nights would be mostly gone. I was essentially losing precious days of my life to oblivion as if life isn't short enough. I could deal with these consequences however as those brief hours would set me free from my brain which so often and cruelly torments me. Now with the brief back-story over I can try to explain last weekend...>Last week felt truly horrible. [girl's name - redacted] had stopped communicating with me and I had no idea what the problem was. I thought I'd fucked up somehow. After a few days she finally told me she had gone back home for the week to get her thoughts together. It sucked that she hadn't thought to mention that to me before but it was a much better alternative to what my anxiety-ridden brain had cooked up for me. The week ended and she was back in town. Things looked like they were going to get back to normal. On Saturday she messaged me saying my shoes were in and that she was working today so I should pick them up. I saw her and talked to her and all the bad thoughts melted away. Peace descended on the hell in my mind and everything was okay. She mentioned that her best friend was coming to town and that she'd be going out drinking with him but we should hang out on Sunday afternoon after he went home. I had two thoughts about this. One was a happy thought: I'd finally get to hang out with her properly again everything has worked out! The second thought was what truly started the downfall of my weekend: I don't know what she's like drunk what if she kisses or fucks another guy?..>The second thought stewed in my mind for the rest of the day. I couldn't stop thinking about it. Later that day I went to the club with my parents which led to me getting very drunk as I was bored and mum bought me a lot of beer. From this I made a very poor decision. I found out that my friends were going to go out so I could tag along and hopefully run into her. Hours passed and by the time I got to the same pub as her I had had about 15 beers at the very least and I had been silently freaking out about what the night would bring. I was right to worry...>She seemed happy to see me although I dare say it was because she was quite drunk. Like a puppy I followed her and her friend around all night hoping to spend as much time as I could with her and sneak kisses and hugs while drinking far too much alcohol. Of course the alcohol impaired my judgement completely and as the hours passed I was obviously being an unwanted shadow trying so desperately to get affection. The night is very blurry and I barely remember anything but the one thing that sticks in my mind completely and has caused my heart to ache constantly is when a random guy bent down and kissed her right in front of me. At the time I was much too drunk to comprehend what had happened and just laughed it off. A little later I started to think about it far too much and even then my memory wasn't reliable enough to remember if she had kissed him back or not. Regardless this still breaks my heart thinking about it so I should move on to the rest of the night...>The last thing I remember of the night was her getting a lift home with her friend and some random guy (who'd been with them all night I'm fairly certain his being there was innocent) in his ute. I think she asked me to come along but when I realised there was no room in the car for me I kissed her goodnight and left to get drunk food. At least I think that's what happened I really can't remember too much of it. Unfortunately it seems after she left I got upset. Very upset. I sent her messages I'm not too proud of nothing abusive or overly mean but things I shouldn't have said as she's repeatedly told me there's no reason to think those things. From memory of the last time I read those messages I said things along the lines of "I'm a dumb cunt because I like you so much and you don't really seem to feel the same way". Of course the texts I sent were much more incoherent than that and were split into multiple messages. She didn't respond to any of those understandably. The very last thing I remember before passing out in my bed is that I was legitimately crying as soon as I arrived home. It was all too much and as far as I knew hope and my life was over. Unfortunately the story does not get better after that low...>The next day I woke up very hungover and still very sad as I continued to remember everything that had happened (especially that one very bad thing that still hurts). I messaged her a couple of times blamed my awful messages on being drunk and waited in bed until the birthday party I was going to that day was due to begin. I couldn't wait to get drunk again so the pain would go away. Unfortunately as much as I tried I couldn't find any solace in the alcohol. I felt worse and worse the drunker I got the awful knot in my stomach was getting tighter and tighter. I drunkenly messaged her some rubbish thinking she would find it funny which she didn't and I defended myself saying "sorry I'm just being a drunk idiot". Her response was "okay". I assumed she was just still pissed off at me for something I did on Saturday so I drunkenly rambled some rushed apologies and some other garbage that she didn't reply to. I felt horrible and just wanted to become drunker than I ever had been before...>The next day I felt surprisingly good and thought I might actually be okay. I'm not too sure whether or not she messaged me first that day but its not really important. I kept spamming her with snapchats hoping she would at least have a conversation with me so I could try to get back in her good books. Nothing would work. She would send me occasional snapchats but I assume these were sent to everyone as she didn't reply to my responses. I sent her a picture of the pub saying "this place never lets me down" after she said the same about her rabbit. No response. Later that night I tried a sympathy "my story" snapchat to see if she would take the bait and talk to me. She did only a little bit but didn't say anything relevant to my snap. She said "So full" and I replied with a picture of an empty can of VB saying "Empty". She replied with "stop drinking". I agreed but after a few more snaps she stopped replying so I had about 4 or 5 more beers...>I still didn't know what the problem was and I still wanted to keep drinking. This brings me to today. I woke up to a couple of snaps from her and I was kind of happy thinking it might mean she wasn't pissed at me. She might not be pissed off I don't really know but hours later it occurred to me what may be the issue. I may be wrong but she doesn't like drunk me and I don't blame her I don't particularly like drunk me. I had one beer in a moment of weakness but later in the day I decided enough was enough. For my own health mental and physical I'd stop drinking for a while. I feel worse and worse emotionally the more I drink. I can't do this to myself any more...>I made a my story snap that said I was going to focus on health and fitness and stop drinking. She saw it. I know that much but she didn't talk to me. I'm going to see if she'll talk to me tomorrow. I really hope so. Regardless of whether or not she'll talk to me I think this is a very positive step for me. I'd used alcohol as a crutch and I let it ruin so many things for me and become an addiction. I want to get back on track with my weight loss which is hard to do when drinking so much alcohol and I want to exercise more. Starting tonight I started doing weights again which I haven't properly done in a very long time. I've hit a point where I'm thin enough to start trying to put on muscle mass. I want to become disciplined and control my vices. I want to control my drinking control my eating work out a lot concentrate on my uni work more and eventually try shake my addiction to energy drinks and cigarettes. One thing at a time though...>The main thing I want to end with after this massive post is that I CAN get my life under control and replace my negativity with positivity. I CAN shake these vices and the demons in my mind and become a better person. I WON'T lie in bed all day feeling sorry for myself because she's not talking to me. Everything will get better if i put my mind to it and if she really doesn't want anything to do with me there are plenty of other girls out there and I'm still young it doesn't matter as much as I've been thinking it does. Positive thoughts always because I don't want to be this sick creature any more. I'm ready to live...Now I know a lot of that isn't really relevant to me recovering from alcohol addiction and seems like its something a teenager would struggle with but I've barely grown up since I was 15 and I legitimately am that bad at handling things like that especially while drunk. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing! I wish I could give you more than I can but I'm only on day 2 myself. Just letting you know that I care. Keep posting here - I've been posting a lot and nobody has gotten annoyed with me yet. :) Really good job dude!
Another day two er here. Congrats on the decision. You said something like you wanted to stop for a while. Have you considered quitting forever?
I'd say your writing is fine. I would also say that your problem is that you are using alcohol to address your struggles. Do this enough and there's a very good chance of addiction. I did the same thing. *What is she doing? Who is she with?"*..My personal favorite: *God please make this time go away.* I would get drunk and time did go away. I also became addicted. I was sad. Lonely. Life had no meaning...You wrote this:.&gt;I want to control my drinking...Try searching this subreddit for the word "control."..I will leave you with this:..*The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker.*
I'd rather hear about you where you're at and how we can help you than this story about this girl. How are you doing? What's your plan? Remove her from it-- it's inconsequential in the grand scheme of things.
There's a lot here but I'll share a bit of my thoughts. I've personally decided to also abstain from social media for a bit to get control of my own thoughts and avoid triggers to drink as I get started in sobriety. I am down to only Instagram and then only once a day. I also changed my IG to private so that I'm not tempted to ahem broadcast to someone who may or may not be checking my feed. Reddit is proving to be a good resource even though it is a social media but I'm mainly spending time in this subreddit. ..Also if this girl is a drinker and you are at all serious about getting sober you aren't going to be able to interact with her. Start the process of disengaging your heart now -- stay focused on you and your need for sobriety. I'm nursing a broken heart fueled in part by my alcoholism and frankly it's comforting to have something else to focus on right now. 
Thanks for your replies :) .To address some of the replies:..I thought I caught most of the "Stop drinking for a while"  bits obviously I didn't. I changed my mind after writing that and want to stop for good. ..As far as she goes she's not much of a drinker once every few months at most. Unfortunately in a town like mine that's the closest thing to a non drinker there is at my age. ..But I definitely agree I should start to distance myself it's been nothing but stress for me. ..Day 2 and I'm feeling great. Also cutting out the energy drinks so I'm a little tired haha. ..I'll make sure to check in again soon. 
