-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31sjze/atheistsagnostics_in_aa_tips/

Hi beautiful people of /r/stopdrinking..I've only just started being completely honest with myself about my belief (or lack thereof) in a higher power (God). This is after almost a year in AA and trying to "fake it 'til I make it."..I feel like I gave the God thing a fair shot it just doesn't fit with my honest experience of the world right now. I am in no way suggesting that this belief is better or worse than that of anyone else. But this is where I'm at right now and if I don't get honest about it I'm afraid I'll relapse again...Does anyone else have experience with this? Tips?
----------immediate responses--------

Have you looked into a SMART meeting? 
I was coming off of a suicide attempt a ruined marriage and a month in jail so I was desperate enough to just dive right in and worry about my beliefs later on...Basically for me I just had to accept that I didn't always know best. The consequences of my behaviors and attitudes made that obvious. I just had to accept that. A higher power was never about some anthropomorphic deity for me. It was only after a few months that I realized that my concept of a higher power was the collective experiences of people I met in recovery and the circumstances in my life that present opportunities for growth.
I had the same issues with AA at first. Honestly until I found the right meetings for me (book studies I go to 4 - 7 a week) and a sponsor I really connected with it wasn't clicking. Now it is and I actually really dig the program. 
Google Agnostic AA.  Tons of info. Take what you want from AA and leave the rest. It works. Humanist here thru n thru
I don't believe in God.  I have been going to AA for 4.5 years now.  I have worked the 12 steps multiple times and I have not gone back to drinking since the first day I committed to AA...Tips?  Be honest with yourself and others.  Put your sobriety/recovery #1 in your list of priorities every single day.  Be open minded of others' beliefs.  Don't judge what other people believe in and don't feel like you have to prove yourself to anyone else.  The only person you have to prove yourself to is you.  ..Good luck.
I was in a similar situation when I first started going to meetings. I tried athiest/agnostic meetings but didn't find what I was looking for. The thing that really made a difference for me was a ton of outside reading. ..I knew that Bill W. was a fan of William James' "Varieties of Religious Experiences" and I tried to read that but found it really dull and difficult. I did however read Emmitt Fox who was another favorite of the founders. I particularly got a lot out of his reading of the Sermon on the Mount and the Lord's Prayer which took religious ideas and gave them a more spiritual/psychological twist. I became familiar with the themes in Joseph Campbell's works. I learned about symbology from Jung. I read "The Road Less Travelled" which starts at psychiatry and somehow ends up at God (I won't spoil how he gets there). In short I learned how to translate the ideas I was hearing into a context that made better sense for me...The reading in "How it Works" that they do in every meeting ends with "God could and would if he were *sought*." For me willingly seeking was all that was really required. It took time and it took exposing myself to a lot of new thought from Epictetus and Heracletus to St. Augustine and Thomas Merton to Shunryu Suzuki and Joko Beck. Just keep seeking that's my tip. It requires a struggle (interesting aside - the name "Israel" means "wrestles with God") but it really can happen.
My higher Power is "The Spirit of Good."..Nothing more. Nothing less..It has worked for me for a looooog long time.  ..You can borrow him.  He's great and sometimes I call him Max. ;) 
GOD = Group Of Drunks. 1000's of recovering alcoholics who knew how to stay sober when I did not.
Yeah the god thing REALLY stuck in my craw at first. I don't believe in a god per se just a power greater than me. My conception of it grows and changes and right now it is basically karma (not the reddit kind). I know people who use nature one guy uses electricity and a lot of people use the Group Of Drunks idea. ..The most important thing for me to remember is that it is the higher power of MY understanding not the Christian God or Islamic God or any of that my own personal understanding. That is my short two cents but this is a topic that I can talk for at least 10-15 minutes about without stopping. But I will stop for now :)
I too am having trouble with finding a higher power but AA has helped me so much I don't worry too much about it. I've been told to "open my mind to God" but when I do nothing happens...I was raised Christian still go to church now and then. When the group holds hands and says the Lord's Prayer at the end of the meeting I join along; can't hurt right? I feel fortunate though that my meetings don't push religion; I've never had anyone preach to me or try to convert me to this or that religion...I say whatever it takes to stay sober. Some folks in my meeting really need to believe in God as a higher power; if they don't drink because of that belief then who am I to judge?.
I debated gnashed wailed and frothed on this one...until someone shared "its underlined - 'as we understood him' - I don't understand him - her - it - them. - I. don't. know. I don't have to know I can leave it at that."..For me that solved the problem. I have been repeating that person's insight for years now and others have said that it helped them too...As an alcoholic my instinct is to make everything rocket science.  It's not.
This is how I got over that hurdle in the beginning. Think of it as a **Power Greater than Yourself**. ..The other day I was in a field and I saw an injured sheep.  I needed to get him out of the field and back to the shed to help him the problem was I couldn't lift him onto the trailer to get him back to the shed.  I called a friend and he came and gave me a hand to lift the sheep onto the trailer.  We managed it and now the sheep is doing great.  The point is I needed a power greater than myself to help that sheep and my friend became such an entity.  ..For me anyone or anything can become a power greater than myself and in the beginning it just happened to be AA.  That is where I asked for help from others to overcome my addiction to booze and that is where I got the help.  ..[Here's a pic for you](http://i.imgur.com/EU4Hny9.jpg)..PS I just made the story up for the craic but hopefully you understand my point \o/
[deleted]
I'm a humanist and my higher power is humanity both the literal mass of people on the planet and the ideal. When a fellow AAer speaks of god or of their beliefs I kind of tune it out and pick up on the rest of their message. I do get irked by the 'ex atheists' who can sound a bit patronising in an 'oh you'll grow out of it' kind of way (at my meetings anyway - don't want to get into anything with people here!). I'm afraid I always start the serenity prayer one word after everyone else. I absolutely support everyone's right to believe in whatever they want so long as they let me plough my own furrow.
My higher power is the idea of goodness. The concept of everything that is worthwhile in human nature of the good which every person carries inside them and which they can rise to if they choose it...Wish I could explain it better than that. I don't believe in God and I spent a looong time banging my head against Step 2. It's a bit funny that the above is all I've come up with. ;) I guess it's all I needed.
I have been saying "the universe". I consider myself a pretty scientific person but I feel like there is an order out there that we cannot understand. Like the decimals of pi -- just the Wikipedia page will blow your mind. I also have always been a fan of the Desiderata which admonishes that "the universe tends to unfold as it should" so existence itself is just the power higher than me that I must surrender to. ..See also Taoism and The Force if you are a Star Wars geek like me. Tao of Pooh is a great introductory book...P. S. We have matching flair! Let's keep it that way eh?
I knew from the start that I would have issues with this. Now at almost five years it has been a exploratory journey for me. My higher power is what I like to call my Jimmy the cricket voice. This voice is in my head. I know it's him when there is no ego anger manipulation or any other character defects to be found. After he speaks I don't have to justify or rationalize what was said. Even if I don't like it I know it is the next right thing and that I have truly turned it over to my higher power. Remember "higher power as you understand it". Do what works for you. If your serenity is affected then it is time to make an adjustment and learn. Use serenity as your gage; just like a check engine light..
Have you been over to /r/AtheistTwelveSteppers yet?
The weird thing is that I found God through AA but out of respect for everyone else's values I haven't told anyone - well except here now.  The only prayer that that we have at our meetings is the Serenity prayer which I told my adult son (atheist) about and he thinks the philosophy makes good sense.
I'm not an atheist or agnostic but try this translation of the 12 steps?.Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
When I first started the god thing was an issue for me. Someone told me god can just be following good orderly direction (god) which is just what the steps are trying to do: teach me to live life going in a good orderly direction. That means my sobriety comes first and decisions need to be made that put my sobriety first. I hope you find something that works for you. Stay safe fellow SD'er!
The only requirement to join AA is a desire to stop drinking. The 12 steps are just a suggestion and if one chooses to work them you don't need to believe in God to do so. Some people may give you static about being a non-believer but it's frankly none of their business. AA is about people with alcohol problems helping one another it's not Sunday School. It's better in the long run to just be honest with yourself and others rather than trying to believe something that you don't. Good Luck!
Heard someone say that her God was Group Of Drunks meaning other recovering alcoholics because our group wisdom is a lot better than our singular wisdom especially when we're not feeling good. She used it as an opportunity to listen to others' experiences and learn from it I guess. I thought it was cool.
