-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31x59s/checking_in_some_of_my_experiencesobservations/

1. Keep coming back long enough for the miracle to happen..2. Being single helps you focus on your sobriety - you don't know how to live sober you don't know who you are you don't know what you want. Take some time to find yourself..3. You have to sit with emotional pain - there's no way around it. You can't avoid it. Pain makes us stronger and can be cleansing. God has this one been hard for me. I've learned that I will do just about anything to avoid emotional pain. Really trying to work on this..4. Get a sponsor ASAP - I was hesitant to get one quickly but it worked out for me..5. Get a sponsor of the same sex - I have been catching feelings for what seems like everyone of the opposite sex - and God do I cringe once I'm over these little crushes. You are extremely vulnerable in early sobriety even if you can't see it. I have been fortunate enough to be surrounded by people that see and understand what i'm going through especially when I do not..6. Work the steps - You've got nothing to lose and everything to gain. Through the steps you start to identify harmful patterns in your life and once you're aware of them you can start to break them..7. Getting sober is extremely difficult - Be proud of yourself for every day you stay sober. if you fall off the wagon get right back on. Don't use relapse as an excuse to continue drinking..8. Go to meetings - I feel so much better after meetings it's not even funny. I never could have imagined that 73 days ago but here we are..9. I know it's hard to go to your first meeting. Meditate on it and promise yourself you'll try out several different meetings. I did and have settled into a wonderful group. You will start to look forward to seeing the same people. It really will happen!.10. Whining - My whining! I hit my first big hurdle with wanting to drink. I was lucky enough to have people to just let it all out with who were patient and kind and tried to give advice. Now I feel pretty stupid for getting upset over something that honestly was not that big a deal. BUT I needed to let it out to stay sober. They understood and were there for me. It's an amazing community..11. Build your network - If someone's helping you stay sober you are also helping them stay sober. That's just how it works. Don't hesitate to ask for numbers and actually use them. It's a 2 way street. If you are smart and serious about staying sober your network will help you through the toughest times..12. Getting sober must be your number one priority. If you put anything else first you will most likely drink again. A dear friend told me that when you put sobriety first everything that's second becomes first class. Haha I love that...This seems like an appropriate place to stop;) Just wanted to share. Please feel free to share whatever you'd like:-*..
----------immediate responses--------

GREAT JOB! ..Some don't figure that out for YEARS! Looks like you have poured a solid foundation!  ..MAJOR applause from me!
This was pretty much my experiences and observations but I would not have had the clarity at 73 days to be able to share this sort of insight congratulations and keep doing what you're doing.
I'm gay should I get a sponsor of the opposite sex? ..EDIT: I guess if he's straight it wouldn't matter. I feel dumb asking this now. I'm strung out on caffeine from a questionable gas station energy drink excuse me.
Thanks for sharing you had some great points good luck!
