-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31yaov/can_it_really_be2_whole_years/

Wow. That was fast...It seems like yesterday that I was a dragged-out mess. Boy those hangovers really got to be something toward the end. Looking back to call my life a train wreck would be to do a great disservice to wrecked trains...And now? Decent job decent car decent life. Not continually happy by any means but certainly not wallowing in misery either. Shit happens at roughly the same pace I am just better equipped to deal with it...And I actually feel alive now not sedated. I remember stuff. I used to watch a movie with a glass in my hand and not be able to tell you what it was about the next day. No more. No more missed appointments or apologizing for forgetting to wish a friend "happy birthday"...How did I do it? With AA and some stubbornness and a dedication to staying sober until bedtime. That's my motto "Sober Till Bedtime". That's pretty much it. Life can sling shit at me today but it can't make me drink. Only I can make me drink and I told myself this morning that I was staying sober until bedtime. If I still feel tempted I can always drink another day just not today. Today I stay sober until bedtime...I still pop into this sub perhaps not as often as I used to and I make my AA meetings regularly. I really appreciate the posts by new people and by people returning after a relapse. I need to remind myself that there's not a couple of year's distance between me and them there's only the time it takes to become complacent and drop my guard. I once posted that "the price of eternal sobriety is eternal vigilance" and this sub helps me maintain my focus...To you new guys if a 51-year-old fuckup of an alcoholic like me can manage to pull this off then anything is possible. Just stay focused on your goal get all the help you can and don't worry about your past. It won't change. Don't get anxious about the future. It will take care of itself. ..Put your energy into today. Today we stay sober until bedtime...Bless you all and stay well.
----------immediate responses--------

After I hit 1 year I was a bit concerned I wouldn't have many big milestones left. But your post just made me realize that I REALLY want to try and make it two years now. . .Congrats and thank you!
Two years? Nobody can make it two years!!! One day though seems to have worked pretty well for us. Congratulations on turning your life around...What a feeling it is to wake up feeling sick and know it is because..... Wait for it..... I am sick! For so long I never knew the difference between the flu and my hangover until noon.
Happy birthday! My whole first year I used to say my own stupid ending of the "Now I lay me down to sleep" prayer - "And if I die before I wake...eh...fuck it. I died sober."..Sober until bedtime sounds so much better.
This is encouraging.
I am on the "sober til bedtime" plan too. In the morning when I wake up I decide if I want to drink and then stick with my decision until bedtime. Tomorrow I can choose differently if I want. Thank you for sharing and congrats!
Congratulations!..I am now on the Sober Til Bedtime plan. Its got a nice ring to it.
Way to go! I love these kinds of posts.
Congratulations on two years!.What an inspiring post! .Thanks for sharing .
&gt;Don't get anxious about the future. It will take care of itself..There you go!!!..Congratulations!
We should pin this to the top! Thank you! 
I remember once when I first joined this sub seeing you had the same quit date as myself. Glad to see we still have the same number on our badge...We made it PJMurphy! Congratulations man! 
&gt;I need to remind myself that there's not a couple of year's distance between me and them there's only the time it takes to become complacent and drop my guard...Boom.
