-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32008e/struggling_fear_a_nearing_relapse/

The past few days I have been missing drinking and using the most I have since I've gotten sober. I keep getting wrapped up in the over romanticized situations in movies books and songs. It's everywhere and I feel weak. I'm at that terrible point where I wonder if I have a problem or if I'm just exaggerating. In my right mind I know I shouldn't drink. My life is going so good but my alcoholic brain is starting to win. Something even as small as listening to Lana Del Rey made me want to drink and use. I had to turn it off. I'm scared guys I'm not going to make it. Sorry for the rambling please send me strength.
----------immediate responses--------

She's sober...cool eh?..What can you do today to stay safe?
&gt;I'm at that terrible point where I wonder if I have a problem or if I'm just exaggerating...Alcohol brain at its best. Go back and read some of your early posts. That'll shut that prick up! ..Here's a good one:..&gt;My drinking had caused me to make decisions that got me put in jail institutions and I was a millimeter (literally) away from death. I got arrested for a DUI and not complying with officers so I was thrown in jail...This one's pretty good too...&gt;I'm a binge drinker. Excessively drinking blacking out drinking to cure the hangover repeat for usually a couple days. Sometimes can be worse..And I like this one:..&gt;I've actually been facing the dark corners of my past but every moment has been worth it. For the first time I can genuinely say I'm so grateful for my life and I'm excited for what my future holds...You're not going to drink today avelene666. Not a chance.
[deleted]
Take some time to meditate on the reasons you decided to quit drinking in the first place. It is easy to forget the bad times because our brains are wired that way. What was your rock bottom moment? What was your health like at the time? How was your sleep? Your relationships?  You already realize that you're trying to talk yourself into drinking again but it's a trap that will make you feel guilty for stumbling and could lead to more drinking. You don't have to do that. YOU are in control OP... and whether you stumble or not we are all here for you!!! I believe in you!
Sounds just like my drunk brain. 
Here's some strenght. Do I need to send it in a PM? :)..We all go through ups and downs. When I'm down it's easy to romanticize allow my addiction's voice to sound more persuasive and I see alcohol EVERYWHERE. Stress is something that can bring me down or make everything worse. A new job sounds stressful and I'd be a twitchy mess. Your plan of keeping busy is great. Exercise helps me when I'm stressed even just a short walk or quick stretch. Keep busy post here get a treat... you just need to stay safe until your meeting and then until your head hits the pillow.
For what it's worth sometimes I have to avoid music altogether. I get over emotional. 
I read that Lana Del Rey is sober. A ... teetertotaler? what are they called
If you give up now you'll soon be back to where you started....When you started you were desperately wishing to be where you are now.
About a week ago I was going through the same feelings. I almost broke. ..What stopped me was talking about it and getting everything out instead of bottling it up and trying to face it myself.
You won't drink. We're all here supporting you! I'll join you by not drinking today! You can do this. I know the beautiful romantic lull of alcohol. You can fight back!
&gt;I wonder if I have a problem or if I'm just exaggerating...A wise man once asked me "How much time do you think normal drinkers spend wondering if they have a problem?" The answer is likely "not much if at all." Just some perspective :)
I just wanted to say thank you guys so much. I'm sorry I didn't reply immediately but I made it! I felt better the next day. I hit my 5 month and reading your comments throughout that really rough day kept me so grounded. I can't thank you enough you guys are amazing. :) 
