-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3296qj/is_it_a_bad_idea_to_limit_myself_to_weekends/

For the first time in probably a couple years I've made it 6 days without drinking. My girlfriend who doesn't know I'm recovering wants to go out tonight for some drinks and I want to as well. I know that I'll want to have a couple beers when I'm out but I don't know if that will spark some sort of relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

I have no idea how you'll react.  I went a month sober and then figured eh what's the big deal I can have a glass of wine.  I was drunk for seven years.  A couple of beers is such a piece of shit reason to risk doing that again in my book
If you give a mouse a cookie he's gonna want some milk..If you're trying to quit I would advise against. If you want to test out moderation - sure go for it..But for me - I told myself weekends and then I told myself good occasions for celebration and then I told myself only after a certain hour and then I told myself well it's my life and as long as I can hold it together why not?
Like /u/frumious I had some sobriety (in my case 15 years) when I decided to have a "couple of beers."  In fact I was successfully at this "couple of beers"-thing for two whole weeks before I fell into a deep dark hole for 7 years.  It's a miracle that I ever was able to climb out but I did climb out.  When I finally surfaced I was facing criminal charges and I ended up going to federal prison as a DIRECT result of my drinking.  I was lucky my criminal consequences were relatively short (5 months in prison 6 months on house arrest and 2 years probation) and now complete.  ..I read lots of local news websites a habit I picked up when I wrote a law blog for a couple of years.  I learned how to quickly cruise over a 150 local national and international news sites.  You would be amazed at how many drinking related tragedies I see on a weekly basis: violence motor vehicle accidents claiming not only the life of the drunk driver but lots of innocent bystanders deaths from alcohol poisoning and other alcohol-related crimes and mayhem.  When I drank even one drink each time I was at risk of injury or premature death and I put others in peril.  ..I got sober for a very good reason--it was killing me.  If I continued drinking I am relatively certain that I would not be here today sharing these experiences with you or for that matter providing for my family enjoying my life and feeling real happiness.  I am a grateful recovering alcoholic.
Personally. It has never worked for me. I might be able to do it for a night or even a week but eventually I was always back a rock bottom again...only a little lower each time. Took me A LOT of attempts at regulation before I realized...fuck...I can't do this. ..Now when I get the urge. I think about my last rock bottom and I compare it to where I am now. Where would I rather be? One path historically has always led to a bottom and the other gets gradually better each day. Then it's just a choice. Up or Down?..Whatever your choice is I hope everything works out. Congratulations on 6 days. That first week sucks. 
So you're trying to quit drinking. This is the longest you've been sober in years. You haven't even told your girlfriend you're trying to get sober. Now you think cause it's the weekend and you want to go out drinking that's okay? I'm pretty sure you know how ridiculous this sounds. If I were you I would tell my girlfriend what's up and plan to stay home tonight. Perhaps review your reasons for quitting in the first place.
I'm not sure you can relapse if you haven't quit yet. It sounds like your brain is already rationalizing the drinks you'll have tonight. I used to rationalize drinks that I deserved for myriad reasons but eventually came to realize that I deserve better than to drink I deserve not to drink.
I tried all sorts of "rules" only weekends (binge binge binge) only beer (get that high abv  2 and why not a few mini bottles to start) etc. None of it helped me control anything. We all have to run our own experiments though. I'm guessing deep down inside you know what's best for you I would try listening to that voice.
Two years ago I knew I was drinking too much and decided I needed to test myself and see if I could go sober for 40 days. I did it. I felt great and I thought I could control my drinking with a set of rules. Then I was drunk again for 2 years. Now I know much like with smoking (realized I could never have one cigarette as I'd quit many times and that one cigarette always turned into a pack a day) that I gave up permanently over three years ago that I can never have that one beer again.  
I was a weekends only drinker for a few months. ..I then developed the ability to hide consumption (e.g. drink my drink to halfway wait till my SO was out of the room chug it refill and chug back to the "you just left" level) on those weekends..Then I stretched the definition of weekends. .Then I drank every day for quite a long time...I think it was another two years before I really tried quitting after all that and it was even worse at that point. 
