-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32e1tk/i_cant_seem_to_stop_relapsing_regardless_of_aa_or/

I just keep fucking doing it consequences of actions then what?..im losing my mind or maybe I lost it a long time ago...things are getting pretty dire now...Hopefully I wont get fired or wrote up for calling in again on saturday.
----------immediate responses--------

No matter what happens no matter how you feel or what you want to do you never have to drink again. Not for any reason.
Just never stop trying. That is my motto I guess. Also for the "going crazy" part I found counseling really helped me a lot. 
Well there's a difference between a relapse and a slip. A slip is if you just drink once but if you're still going to meetings and still making an effort be sober then it's not really a relapse...Relapse is when you're like "fuck it I got this" and stop going to meetings and suddenly you're into a 3 month stretch of drinking to blackout every night again...So do you think you relapsed or do you think you just slipped?
I didn't stop relapsing until I started picking up the phone and calling other alcoholics when I wanted to drink. ..I would want to drink pick up my phone look at it and decided not to call anybody. Invariably I would always drink. I got tired of the relapses. So when I got tired of the relapses I called the alcoholics whose numbers I had. One time I had to wait for the 8th or 9th person to pick up their phone. But after I talked with that guy and another guy and another guy the desire to drink defused in me. I made it through the day. I continued to do that EVERY time I wanted to drink until the desire to drink faded further and further away. I don't (didn't) like calling those guys. I didn't know them that well and I didn't want to seem weak. But they had all been in my shoes. They knew EXACTLY how I felt. For some reason talking with those guys helped me get through the day sober. I don't know why it worked but it did...Do you have the phone numbers of people in AA?
Have you tried SMART recovery?
What happened the last time? What stopped you from calling another alcoholic for help?
I guess I made the determination that making a call wasn't worth ten cents of my time or willpower.... or that I forgot what it was like to about to relapse and then I went ahead and did it anyway without realizing the future consequences of what would happen.... really depressed now and tomorrow is going to be a fucking windstorm of craziness..
have you tried actually TRYING? If you're in a house with no alcohol or at least a room with no alcohol you can't drink unless you make the decision to get up and get alcohol. When you feel like doing that just don't. This sounds like stupid advice but it's what worked for me at the start. As long as I didn't allow myself to be around alcohol or go get alcohol during urges then there was no way I could drink cause there wasn't any around me. I tried to quit multiple times but would give in at the slightest urge. Once I got serious I stopped giving in...For me it was all about building up a few weeks of sobriety to get the ball rolling then I started working on things going to AA more etc. I'm not sure what your life is like so I don't know how often you're around alcohol that you can't do "anything" about but as long as I went to work and came home without alcohol I wasn't going to drink that day. That builds up and things get easier. ..Anyway that's what worked for me to finally start stopping. ..Good luck!
I understand and have been there many times  just think of them as slips and keep coming back. Rolling in the muck is not the best way to get clean. When you slip and stop coming is when you are in deep poop. Try to use every slip as a learning opportunity and a chance to do things differently. ..There will probably be more consequences you won't just get written up but at least you aren't dead. Hang in there keep coming back keep being honest.
I'm pretty thankful for it only being one day but you know it was bad when I couldn't even call my supervisor (was able call the front desk) because all I had was two minutes on my phone to spare. Was too scared to text her I dont know I guess I need to stop fucking around and make shit change and get a new job. It's like a tumor growing out of control thanks for your responses...I need to because I want it... 
It's a powerful disease. That's why you need to surrender and get help to get on top of it. Whatever that means to you do it. 
I recently figured out why I drank through meditation/mindfulness. I had been using drinking to not feel emotions that I needed to deal with. I have since been dealing with them and now my desire to drink is a lot less. You can try that or a councillor may help but you should get to the underlying reason for your drinking. 
What kind of people are you associating with? PM me if you need moral support. I'm better at helping others than myself haha
Do you feel like you're white knuckling through your sober days? Being in recovery and just being sober can be two different things.. Relapse cannot happen to someone who is not in recovery. Do you have a spiritual or religious belief? I personally found God again after being raised Catholic denying that religion researching other religions I found Buddhism was very helpful for addiction and have come back to Christianity  (not denomination specific; however I go to a Baptist church weekly). Read up on Buddhism and addiction with an open mind it helped me tremendously learn about how desire and attachment can steer our behavior. I do not attend AA meetings. For me i find them triggering. I pray and have cut out all people in my life who are addicts including my twin. It's hard but it's necessary for my sobriety. Stay away from addicts. If you live with one find a way to move somewhere supportive and safe. If it's a spouse or partner they should love you enough to stop putting the drunk/high before you. If they cannot well you know what to do. You can be sober forever. Sobriety needs maintenance. Perhaps speaking with a therapist will be helpful. We've all been through a lot and talking with someone who is not personally involved will help you understand why drinking is a problem and may uncover issues going on in your mind you may not recognize as triggers.  Good luck to you. Stay sober and strong!
[deleted]
I was a chronic short-term relapser. I had a tough time staying sober for more than a few days at a time. What helped was taking the time to identify my triggers and then staying the fuck away from them. For example I always preferred to start drinking around 10:00-11:00pm. Just the time of day was a trigger (and everything associated with it e.g. getting off work watching certain TV shows etc.). When I really got determined about staying sober I made sure I was busy and away from any alcohol during that time of night. Another example: I used to buy most of my booze from a certain convenience store. My first several weeks sober I didn't go in that convenience store for ANYTHING. My focus during the first days/weeks was interrupting any thought process involving alcohol. The very instant I had a thought about drinking I would distract myself and focus on literally anything else. Doing all of that helped me to build new associations and habits in to make staying sober a little bit easier. ..Using an Antecedent Behavior Consequence chart helped me to identify my triggers both external and internal. And since you mentioned AA calling your sponsor and avoiding "people places and things" is a good way to practice the same skills in an AA context...I understand what you're going through. Hang in there and don't give up.
As much as I hate to be that person that's harsh on newcomers sometimes you need to just hear the cold hard truth. The reason you're relapsing is because you're not giving your all. Don't say AA isn't helping you because your ass knows you probably are trying to do it your way and not their way. Got a sponsor? Calling people in the program every day? Going to 90 meetings in 90 days? Getting numbers? Working the steps? They don't say "rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed our path" because it rhymes. No it's not easy but as long as you keep trying to take the easy way out alcohol is going to find an easy way in. ..If you want to stop drinking then give it up. If you work the program the program will work for you.
Do you think you are worthy/deserving of sobriety? 
It takes what it takes.  I've seen some folks bounce in and out of AA for years - and some of them eventually got it. - it was painful to watch and painful for them too. Not sure how necessary it was...I slipped and slid for months in the beginning because I was still thinking I was unique special that there was a loophole with my name on it.  Nope. ..For me someone diagnosing me with "terminal uniqueness" (I wanted to hit him) helped me stay stopped...Some folks have to literally sit on their hands.  Others go to multiple meetings a day and coffee shops with other recovering alcoholics in between...I have heard people in meetings say "I am afraid I will drink can I shadow someone today help you work in the garden paint your kitchen anything?  if that's what it takes do it...Thing is you can do it.  If I unique and special as I was can - so can you...
