-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32wvrs/i_dont_think_i_have_quite_hit_rock_bottom_but_i/

So 24 year old male. Graduate. Been drinking since 19 but often in a very negative sense. Either on my own or excessively to combat anxiety. Trouble was at the time it didn't seem negative as my life was going really well. After graduation things just feel away. Started drinking more struggled to find a job. Drank more in the day. Switch from beer to wine and then to whiskey and then to vodka because of money. Moved out just under ago from my Mum's house and the added freedom was not conducive to moderation. And well the last six months have been really bad. Losing jobs because of it forgetting interviews because I was drinking too drunk to drive or sleep through. ..I made an initial attempt 6 weeks ago to quit. Went to the Doctors got some meds to help the initial withdrawal but didn't follow up on other avenues of support. Quit again yesterday and had awful withdrawal and its not much better today. Went to the Doctor and got some blood work back today and it was much worse than I thought it would be. So decision made. ..One day down. 
----------immediate responses--------

One of the reasons we are here is so you don't have to hit rock bottom.  Believe me some people don't make it here when they do.
Rock Bottom isn't a DUI or other legal consequence.  Rock Bottom isn't a place on a liver transplant waiting list.  Rock Bottom isn't a place it's a metaphor for being sick and tired of being sick and tired.  So welcome aboard /u/ItsSuperdan and if you want to think about some ideas for stopping and getting sober consider [the ideas at the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which many of us use to stop drinking and get sober.  Good luck to you.
Welcome! I wish you luck and strength in your sobriety. You're 24 man it's sad to hear you're getting medical results that are "worse than you thought." We're in the prime of our life there are decades ahead where we'll have to worry about doctor results no need to start now. So I hope you join me in not drinking today tomorrow and the days to come. Whatever discomfort we feel now the alternative is worse and for everyday we don't own up to it we'll pay with two days later on down the road. 
Hey man you sound just like me. Young drinker who can't have a drinking problem because life is going so well right?..Rock bottom is what you decide it is and I'm glad you've decided to stop now. Join me in just not drinking today. I might drink tomorrow but for today I'm going to be sober.
The problem with "bottom" is that a hole can always get deeper. Recognizing that you have a problem now is a much better idea than deciding your bottom isn't low enough and continuing to look for a lower bottom for decades. There are many of us here that wish we had the guts and smarts to quit the booze at your age.
Achievement unlocked!  One day down and all you need to do to get to the next level is put another 24 hours into it.  Congrats on your decision and I hope you stick to it.
Thing is man you ultimately decide when it's rock bottom. Do you want to let your drinking take control of your life even further than it has and get you into even more trouble? If so then you're right you haven't hit it yet. ..However if you decide you want to stop your drinking from having control over your life and you want to get better every day from here on out then you have indeed already hit rock bottom my friend. ..Chin up and just don't drink today. Do that for a bunch of days in a row and before you know it all will start to look better and better for you. 
Good luck you have to start somewhere or you end.
The great thing is you don't have to hit an absolute rock bottom you can step off now. For me just a new low was enough to open my eyes to where I was to finally trigger a desire for change. My worry over my health on day 1 is firmly committed to memory it's just as tangible today it keeps me sharp. 
