-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32ww9c/10_weeks_today/

I cant believe it. I honestly don't remember ever having gone this long without a drink EVER. I was a binge drinker from the age of 16 so while I certainly didn't start drinking everyday until I was in my late 30s (im now 44) I regularly binged throughout my entire adult life. Im still quite ashamed for having treated my body and mind so badly for so long. I knew I had a problem but I just did nothing about it and refused to admit I had a problem. Crazy...So much has changed in the last 10 weeks. I am even starting a new job next Monday. I did a real estate course  in the 6th week of sobriety and now Im having an entire career change. Im nervous but excited to be starting on a fresh career path. ..Im still struggling with depression/guilt/shame/anger issues but Im consciously trying to work on myself each day. One day at a time. Thank you everyone for being here I really couldn't have got this far without SD. It has been a massive help to me knowing its here anytime of the day or night and reading about peoples successes and relapses have really put things into perspective for me. ..Thanks friends.
----------immediate responses--------

I am just struggling with those problems after a few days.  It helps to talk about it I found out the hard way.  I like your incite and good luck with the new Career!
Congrats to you! I love reading posts from other 40+ y.o. sobernauts. Good luck on the new career path; make it your best. 
That is so amazing that you stopped after decades of use. I don't know if I could do that...Here is a translation of the 12 steps that has really helped me and some other people on here...Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
Great to hear about such positive progress! You got this!
Good on you SW. Sounds like you're doing the next right thing for yourself repeatedly. Btw I'm part of the 44 crowd too....graduated high school the year /u/darth_bane1988 was born if his handle is indicative of his birth date. ;-)..I'm super proud of you and where you are today. Just keep putting on foot in front of the other going forward and leave the past where it belongs...behind you. ..Congrats and keep it up! :-)
Great job!!! I'm at day 69 and let me tell you.....haven't felt this happy in so long!! Good luck with your new job and know that you were always your worst enemy. ..I always think this: Life is so hard and has its peaks and valleys. If I deal with my raw emotions without that poison that's something to be proud of. Shit happens but I didn't drink :)...(The badge has really helped me. I sign on just to look at it haha)
Oh and nice name! That's the right attitude.
Congrats on 70 days!  I'm in the 40 something crowd as well :)  
Great job mate.   I'm 44 too.  Best decision  of my life. ...It might get a bit rocky in a month or so.  I found the alcoholic voice would take a break for a bit and then come back for a full force attack. ...Just got to push through it right?.
You ROCK. 
Congrats on another milestone!!  That is awesome!
I'm pursuing real estate as well! I never thought I would have the motivation. But sobriety has given me all that and more. Good luck to you!
