-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/332n77/im_in_need_of_some_help_and_i_dont_know_what_to_do/

Hi guys as my username says I'm sober but I'm struggling. I'm over a year sober. I have taken steps to better my life but all I can think about is alcohol. When I sobered up I got a psychiatrist an addictions counsellor and I do everything I am told. I am on medication for my depression I have had ECT to help my depression but it still persists. The only thing that works to help my depression is alcohol at least that I have found. It temporarily blunts it. I know it is a depressant and probably makes it worse in the long run. ..I went to rehab take walks go to AA stay busy (try my best) to stay positive. I do everything everyone suggests but alcohol still continues to rule my brain. I haven't tried drinking in moderation I just quit and that was that. I moved back in with my parents when I got sober as I had hit a really low bottom in life and their house rule is no alcohol so I can't drink it is not an option. Suicide is the only other thing I think about. Suicide and alcohol. How a drink would take away the suicidal thoughts even just for an hour or two. Im at a loss. I've done everything "by the book" for sobriety and all I want to do is drink. I'm not feeling sorry for myself I just don't know what to do anymore. ..I really don't know what to do. Any input or thoughts would be appreciated even if just to chat. Thanks for reading if you have gotten this far. 
----------immediate responses--------

I presume you know about the sub /r/depression and /r/SuicideWatch they may offer some help as well.  I can only tell you that after I went trough the AA steps my obsession with alcohol has lifted till now.  Sorry I can't be of any more help.  I hope you get what you are looking for.  Best of luck.
Have you done an honest and thorough step 4 + 5?..That helped me - saved my life. I was on SSRI Benzo's and Zopiclone after 200 days sober when the things that bothered me started to reappear but now no help from the booze. ..I'm now free of those meds (only used them for 3 months) and still sober. I attend therapy once a month. ..Pamphlet 11 helped me start to see the options a person has as well. 
"I went to rehab take walks go to AA" Do you have a sponsor? Are you working the 12 steps or just going to meetings? .."We had a spiritual awakening as a RESULT of these steps"
You are where I am trying to get to. A year of sobriety is unimaginable to me right now. Stay strong. :)
Wow! You have a year and I envy that.  I am not trying to overstep here but your post sounds kind of obsessive as in OCD.  It is my understanding that doses of antidepressants for that are way more than usual.  Good luck.  Hope you get at least another year.
Do you have friends to hang out with? I get depressed if I spend too much time 'working on myself' sometimes I just need to cut loose watch a little league game etc...give my brain a break.  I'm wondering if you can develop hobbies/interests that can give you somewhere else to put your mental energy? Take a class? I personally really love hobbies where my mind can't wander. For me that's ceramics/creative stuff but it's different for everyone.  You've worked really hard &amp; I hope you can find a way to enjoy the results from all your efforts.  :) .
You may want to consider moving in to a sober living for a few months. The communal vibe is a good way to reframe your thinking about sobriety.  Being surrounded by others who also are not drinking on a daily basis etc.
