-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3365ge/239_days_struggling_with_social_stuff/

Im proud of all the progress on stuff I wanted to do but never did til sobriety. But I'm lonely all the time. It's so hard to shake...any tips? Activites? Hobbies? Favorite part of a social experience you had since being sober? I feel like I'm in a box that isn't in danger of trainwrecking but also very little upside. I became sober after quitting a job I loathed and moving to a new city. Support please?
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I met a LOT of great people in AA that helped me out. After weeding out a few bad apples and finding some great people I could relate to they have become as important to me in my sobriety as continuing to actively manage it via meetings sponsor steps etc. If 12 steps isn't your thing (and I've had my issues with it but made it work for me so far after I actually started putting effort into it) there are all sorts of other groups like rational recovery etc. Even checking in on the internet to places like here where you'll find support is good but its always been most helpful to me to know I can always pick up the phone and have someone to talk to. I'm an isolated/introvert by nature but always feel better especially after my home group meeting each week where I've grown to know quite a few people well. If you are comfortable sharing what city? I'm in SF Bay Area and the recovery community here is awesome and diverse.
Sorry to hear you are struggling with this. I've heard Minneapolis is a really cool city. Where I live in the PNW I know people do the "MeetUp" thing online to get involved in groups. ..Music is a big connector for me. Friends of mine have met other friends through the rock climbing gym hiking clubs taking classes.  I moved to my city not knowing a single person so I know how difficult and lonely it can be. Sometimes for me just getting out/running errands can help/just being around people. volunteering? Going to a bookstore/coffee shop the kind of place where people hang out? Maybe you could start a Scrabble night (or something you like) at the local coffee shop? If you like bikes at all I hear Minneapolis has a good cycling infrastructure...maybe some group rides to join? ..Good luck! the hardest part of sobriety for me is dealing with hard feelings and loneliness tends to be the hardest one to push through in a healthy way.   
240 days ago was Aug 22 2014! A Friday!!  You stopped the next day! (Oh shit! Happy 8 MOs!!!! to both of us!!!!) Nice! I started going to meetings around 60 days in. I did it after I was encouraged by others here and what I was reading. I haven't made a lot of "friends" necessarily but it is nice to have "fellowship" and it does help to focus on sobriety there too. I have learned a lot about what friends are and aren't in sobriety and I am working on being a better friend if the opportunity arises for that. I have found that I am a better husband better father and even a better son at times. I am sure that I am still socially awkward but that's okay. And that's amazing for me because I was never okay with it in the past. I just know that my style and flavor is not for everyone but it is for the right ones. It is hard sometimes but I have to remember it takes patience and time. You do the same. Take care... again congrats on the 8 mos!
This is something I really struggled with when I got sober and from what I hear others have struggled too so you're not alone. ..Taking the time to get out and involved with activities and hobbies is something I found hugely useful. Strangely I found trying with this lame at first. It took a while because I had to relearn how to be social (what do people talk about when not consuming?). One amazing benefit is I rediscovered a hobby I stopped while I was out drinking. I can't remember when I stopped doing it or even why. Rediscovering that old love has been a huge plus for my sobriety.
