-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3374be/i_hit_rock_bottom_and_need_help/

I have been struggling with binge drinking for the past four years. I am 22 and at school and drinking has hindered every aspect of my life but I find it so hard to quit for all the stupid reasons that keep alcoholics going back to the bottle...Last night though I may have ruined my most important friendship. My best friend had came over and she also is trying to get clean but is doing an exceedingly better job than I am. After talking for a while another friend came over and brought a bottle of whiskey. The two of us drank almost the entire half gallon needless to say we were blacked out...When everyone was going to bed I made sexual advances towards my sober best friend she denied me but I continued to try to get something to happen. Nothing ended up happening I just think that I burned a bridge. I tried getting in contact with her today a few times and she isn't responding. I can't believe I let alcohol ruin my oldest friendship. ..I haven't had a drink since the whole thing but I'm still under 24 hours. I hate myself I hate what I have become. I need help. I also need advice on how to mend the relationship with my friend. :(
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there and welcome. How often do you drink these days? Is it an every day thing or in binges like you mentioned?..In my experience one can't truly repair relationships ruined by drinking/drugs until one gets some sober time and can reflect on everything with a clear head. You can make your apology later on and show your friend that you are truly sorry but in the meantime I think it's time to focus on yourself. Have you ever tried quitting drinking before? What do you think about quitting for 30 days to begin with? 
&gt;  also need advice on how to mend the relationship with my friend...That should be the furthest thing from your mind right now.  Not all relationships are savable and for those that are it takes time. There's no quick fix here. There's no super secret combination of words that will save you.  Actions have consequences.  ..The only way to convince people that you've made a change to to make that change and let them see it for themselves.  In other words show them don't tell them.  An addict's words are meaningless.  ..If I were you I would email my friend and say "I am sorry. Alcohol has been a problem in my life for a long time now. I am going to take steps to fix that problem.  I hope you can one day forgive me. Be well."..And then I'd focus on fixing me. ..As hard as that seems it's the only way I know of that works...If recovery is something you want it can be yours.
I definitely recommend finding a good meeting nearby and go to lots of them until the content therein starts to make sense. 
You are trying to solve two problems at the same time.  I would concentrate on staying sober.  Actions speak louder than words.  Don't tell yourself and her that you are quitting.  Just do.  Put some days weeks and months under your belt.  Good luck.  You are making the right decision. 
/u/offtherocks speaks the truth. As hard as it is going to be (and believe me I lost my best friend from college in large part because of alcohol) I think repairing the friendship shouldn't be on your mind right now. Especially if she is also struggling with drinking...It's beyond corny to say but the steps work if you work them. I would get myself to a meeting start doing the steps for about a month and then re-assess the relationship and reach out if you still want to...People aren't going to understand your urge to quit and you have to be ok with that. Your friend might think this is just a "phase" or that you've always had a crush on her and the alcohol was just an excuse to act on it...I hope some of this helped. Here is a translation of the 12 steps many of us rely on:..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
Hey I don't know if I have much advise but I can share my story. ..I am still in college and trying to stop drinking. I started out as a binge drinker but was always an alcoholic. Slowly weekend binges crept into the weekdays. One day about a month ago I woke up and realized I couldn't do it anymore. I thought I was ruining all of my close relationships - burning every bridge I had made etc. ..I'm still not sure about any of the relationships my drinking had harmed; however I know that I have a lot of stuff to deal with personally - one huge thing is understanding my sickness. All I can say is take it one day at a time one hour at a time one minute at a time one second at a time. Don't pick up the next drink and get yourself to a meeting. ..Good luck and join me in not drinking today. 
If you hit rock bottom there is no where to go but up.  PM me if you ever want to talk or need an accountability buddy.
rock bottom-..good....If it doesn't get any worse than this then good. Quit while you're ahead kid...If you can stop and stay stopped and be happy about it then good for you...I couldn't come to any realization like yours at your age. ..You don't have to do this alone there are treatment options available and support to help keep the stopping drinking part permanent...I went to AA after I saw my end.
Thank you everyone for the advice I am going to find a meeting and go. I have been putting off meetings as a last resort for a long time but I think I will benefit from going.
