-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33cewb/am_i_being_awfull_for_this/

My mom is an alcoholic. She ALWAYS had a thing for alcohol like she drank too much at parties etc but until 6 years ago it was fine except when we were invited somewhere she would never drink. 6 years ago my dad had a stroke survived but went through hospital rehab (relearning to walk then depression etc etc) and during this time (two years) she went full on the booze drank everyday always drunk but she still was "a mom" still making meals and stuff but she was mean awfull just a cunt don't have any words for this and it litteraly crushed me. It caused me anger issues depression mental problem anxiety i have NO IDEA how the hell i survived maybe because i started hating my mother and expected to find her dead. Fast foward september 2014 my dad is back with us since 2011 but my mom is still drinking heavily (but managed to keep a job) My mom has a breakdown in september go to psychiatrist hospital is put on benzos follow a therapy and is fine happy and sober since. And everything today should be great. My mom when sober is AWESOME she's funny we have almost the same state of mind she's a really good mom. But my issues are still here and i still hate her and...now i realise that i don't want her in my life. She's great and my mom but i really do think for my sake that i should cut her off my life. I'm afraid of the day she'll relapse (i'm almost sure it will happen) and when it will happened i don't want to be near her and everytime i see her it triggers old BAD memories that i can't get rid off. I like my mom but i can't have her in my life am i being an ungratefull little bratt ? 
----------immediate responses--------

No you are not an ungrateful little brat. Make your decisions based on what is healthy and right for you. I will say if your decisions are based on anger and resentment those are feelings that are better when they are addressed rather than suppressed. 
Suggest you check out /r/alanon which is geared to families of alcoholics  
I cut ties with my mother--and the rest of my sad family-- a long time ago and have not regretted it.  I have a great wife (her family is my family) and a fantastic career.  I just needed to get clear of my alcoholic drug-addicted mediocre family and I have never looked back.  Ungrateful?  Hell I'm really grateful for every good day.
For your own sanity and happiness you need to let your Mom know all the pain and worry she put you through. Tell her everything you have just said here that you need to know she is fully committed to being sober and that awesome mother you love. ..
You've asked for an alcoholic point of view. I've treated many of the people in my life horribly - I've embarrassed them I've cost them money I've cheated on them I've lied... The list is long. My addiction contributed to those actions but I'm ultimately responsible. I'm currently trying to repair the damage I've done to myself and others. I go to AA meetings so I think that program will be incredibly helpful in helping me achieve this. I hope that the people I've hurt can forgive me and that I can also forgive my own resentments so that everyone can heal and move on in a positive way...Resentment and anger are your emotions. Your reaction to your mom's drinking may have been depression anxiety etc. but those reactions are yours the emotions are yours; that means that she cannot fix them for you. You are in charge of your own healing. If you are being "triggered" by her you should examine why and see what you can do to eliminate that reaction...If your mom was still drinking or treating you badly then I would say getting some space is good for you both. That doesn't sound like the case. You aren't being an ungrateful brat but you do need to work through these feelings before they leach into every aspect of your life. Its very likely that cutting your mom out of your life would make zero difference in your feelings of resentment towards her and in fact make it worse..."Holding onto anger is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die" - not my quote
