-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33hsam/to_my_great_surprise_starting_to_not_miss_it/

It's strange really. Like finally getting over an ex or something - you know it was there and a part of your life and you remember but that feeling...the ache of loss or habit/comfort...is going away..  .There have been a couple of tough challenges like last weekend. On the father-in-laws yacht and after a full day of boating on the Pacific in the warm sun with family he cracked a beer when we got back to the marina. Holy damn  - I was parched and that beer smelled like sweet salvation. It was insane how I literally just wanted to down one frosty beer after that day at sea. Also I was invited to a wrap party out of town this weekend by a friend who works on movie sets. Easiest thing to do was to say "thanks maybe next time" - too much booze and coke and whatever going on there.  .  .I don't know where this is going or what my future is re: alcohol but I needed to stop for a good long while (and that may be weeks months years or forever). But I do know this: I am saving about $150 a week minimum (not including the nights out spending $75-$150 per occasion on booze alone) my gut isn't feeling like it's rotting 24/7 from the inside my bowels are working better I have more time and ability to do a wider range of things ANYTIME of the waking day and ANY DAY OF THE WEEK I wake up not hungover/foggy/exhausted/grumpy/with a headache I am losing weight (albeit I'm working out and eating better) I have less recycling and I'm saving time from all the liquor store trips and detours and time spent in the liquor stores shopping for booze..  .So for all of you out there struggling and scared - it's ok be scared struggle. Face it head on like you have faced other challenges. You can do it. You are stronger than your addiction and your brain can be reconditioned. It gets 'easier'. One day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah. I thought I would never enjoy strategy games again. Well my sober strategy is so much better that I don't even have cravings during a game (before and after sure). My brain is finally starting to naturally shy away from desiring alcohol because of the negative side effects. I always knew there were negative side effects (hard to miss damn) but the perceived benefits would always win over my desire...I try not to depend on "what I think I want right now" to keep me sober but it is so much better to just not want it. And as you noted it can be a lot easier to turn down a party than to turn down a drink at said party. That way I don't have to get myself worked up thinking I want it. Hopefully my resolve will strengthen and I can show my face in a pool hall again before I die...I always like the breakup analogy. I'm starting to realize he wasn't "a nice guy with an anger problem." He was kind of just a dick to me. Makes me less likely to want to go back...Hang in there and enjoy your non-rotting guts. :)
Great post... Thanks for the encouragement!
Nice!!!..Next time you go boating.  Grab a cooler full of ice cold craft root beer or black cherry soda etc..  ..It will satiate that beer craving and won't make you want another.
It does get easier in that there are urges less often but you can still get really strong urges. The difference is that they're so uncommon that you see that for what they are- simply vestiges from a time in my life that wasn't fun or healthy. 
I just relapsed which was horrible but this time I think I learned I do not really enjoy drinking that much anymore. I have also learned that alcohol addiction and withdrawal just gets worse over time and even after quitting for a long time does not make it better. I used to really enjoy the feeling over getting over a hangover with a few beers but that does not work anymore. The addictive potential of my brain for alcohol is worse but at the same time I also do not have the ability to enjoy it as much...After quitting smoking for months my desire to smoke again just vanished because I completely realize that it will only give me a few seconds of satisfaction and vanish almost immediately. Drinking still seemed like it had a lot of value to me but now it is becoming much more similar to the situation with cigarettes for myself.
