-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33ksuf/powerful_relapse_prevention_tool/

I am going to elaborate on a point I made in a recent post.  I find that there is this kind of dialogue going on in my head.  Like a kind of semi 'debate' going on.  On one side there's the case FOR drinking alcohol and on the other side there is a case for NOT drinking alcohol.  .I think that most people relapse because the arguments made FOR drinking alcohol are still quite strong...This is my number 1 argument FOR why I should drink and I will later show you how to make this argument obsolete hence tipping the scale in the *should I drink* Vs *should I not drink* dialogue:..Argument for drinking:.I should drink because of all the good times I had with alcohol.  All those fun nights out all those friends all those laughs. In particular I think back to a local bar when I did an exchange program abroad. The voice says  you had such a great time made all these awesome friends and memories.' ..Why this is false:.The truth is that those nights out were because of friends and good times it just so happened that alcohol was involved too. But I have no doubt that the experience would have been the SAME if not BETTER without alcohol...See we have romanticized alcohol in our memories.  It was present during those fun times but the fun times still would have been had in its absence..
----------immediate responses--------

I think of it as the "drunk man" in my brain who never stops coming up with ingenious arguments designed to get me to pick up again. "It wasn't so bad." "You're recovered now." "You deserve a break." He's a lying son of a bitch and out to kill me and my recovery program is a daily set of rules and practices aimed at keeping him at bay. So far so good. Good luck to you!
In AA the slogan is "think it through"  Think past the buzz the fantasy of the attractive person down at the end of the bar who is attracted to you (which in my experience either didn't happen or involved baggage which included their psychotic ex and an axe) think past the mellow stage and keep going to spending the rent money to puking in the amazingly gross cubical to not knowing how you are going to get home blowing off work the next day and when you do come in the boss hands you a cardboard box and you get home to find the land lord pinning a summons to a party in housing court to your door and you'd live in yoru car but its november and .....
One of the first things I learned in SMART recovery was the importance of creating those cost/benefit analyses. It's actually helped me with a lot of other behaviors apart from alcohol...Particularly in the last few months I was starting to feel undervalued at one of the places where I work (I'm self-employed and have a few different contracts). I sat down and did the pros/cons to keeping or walking away from the job. When I broke it down it was pretty clear that this was more of a detriment to my health than it was a boost to my income. It made it so much easier to write the letter to my boss too because it made my qualms with our working arrangement very clear. Thus I had examples and facts to point to when she wrote back...Thanks for reminding me of this valuable tool and of the importance of taking things step-by-step breath-by-breath.
I never had that reasoning my argument to drink is to self medicate my depression. I hate drinking with people actually.
