-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33lic3/made_it_to_double_digits_again/

I'm feeling much better than what I did.  I've done a little bit to get rid of booze brain.  I started eating better and I'm exercising more.  However I'm still worried about relapsing.  At least once a day I get in a mood where all I can do is think about all I've fucked up.  Also me and one of my buddies like to go and get hot wings.  And beer usually tends to be involved.  Anyways thanks to all who respond.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I hit the same milestone today and I'm proud of it.  I've only had one stretch in the last probably 10 years where I've been dry this long and that was motivated by the threat of blood tests...I'm keeping at it keeping busy and especially trying to work some exercise into the routine - it occupies time (especially time slots that I might have been drinking i.e. after the kids are in bed).  Also doing a lot of introspection about things in my life that turn out to be under my control and that I am accountable for but also the decider of change.
Keep it up! :)
Good job! Getting over the past can be hard. One trick that helped me is to counter the negativity by making myself think about all I'm grateful for TODAY and/or by helping out other people. I noticed that when I focused on doing what was RIGHT I didn't have time to fear or give energy to those things that could go wrong. Blessings
During those down mood times I'd think about how you are now. If getting drunk was the reasoning behind fucking up why would you want to drink again ya know? As for going out it's hard to not drink when you're at a bar in the beginning but when you leave and you haven't had a drink it feels amazing. I am a top notch DD now. I had a cousin who never drank and I didn't get it back then. I do now.  
Awwww man good job!!!!...
Good job keep it up! I'd avoid going out for hotwings for the time being. Can you suggest an alternative to your buddy getting dinner somewhere that doesn't serve alcohol? You don't have to tell everyone the full extent of why you're not drinking but it's usually a good idea to tell friends who you drink with that you're not drinking for the time being so they know from the outset that your plans will not involve booze.
What I like to do is give myself rewards for certain milestones. Like buy something for myself that I wouldn't normally get or go out to dinner. Tell you what if you make it 30 days I'll buy you a pizza. We'll go by the honor system and you'll just have to remind me..
