-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33lr0x/i_am_new_here_lets_hope_this_will_help/

Hi there ..I have lurked a while around in this subreddit mainly to try and convince myself I don't need something like this I guess to try and convince myself there are other with waaaayyy bigger issues and that I am not at that point. I was wrong. I have a problem with alcohol. A serious one. I just hope maybe in some way this can help me be accountable and assist me with having some people to chat to that know what I struggle with. ..My drinking has almost cost me my relationship. The one person that means more than anything to me. My drinking has escalated to the points where the happy fun loving humorous and cool drunk guy has vanished. I turn ugly and rude. I lash out and I become a person I detest. Then the shame and the regrets... I have only openly admitted that I am an alcoholic to my girlfriend and holy crap the fact that she is still around is a miracle. It's her love and understanding was the light that made me make my choice to stop...I have now not drank for 2 weeks. I have found it relatively easy up until a day or two ago. I am trying to keep composure but it's like I cannot stop thinking about drinking. I just keep thinking beers beersbeers BEERS! Its driving me insane. ..So here I am ready to try this. ..Any advice tips or just general conversation would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!!.
----------immediate responses--------

No great advice just good thoughts coming your way. Reliving my past helps keep me from repeating it. My drinking progressed like yours: Good Time Charlie to someone nobody wanted to be around. It's taken some time but I'm feeling good again
You talk about not drinking with respect to your relationship mostly. The status of a relationship is a canary in a coal mine but I'm wondering whether you can talk about drinking with respect to yourself. I ask because relationships (including marriage and my kids) were not enough to keep me from drinking for long. I had to decide that I wanted it for myself which became more important than my relationships because with me drinking they had no chance. ..More generally what are you doing to support not drinking? I ask because I could stop for a while when I'd been particularly bad but I had to figure out a new way to live to make it all stick and become a non-drinker. ..And--planning helps with what you're experiencing now which is craving for the thing that is now missing from your regular life. So (since you ask for advice) instead of drinking developing new habits and practices--which can take a while--is crucial. So--feel like a beer go for a run instead. Feel like a beer call up a sober friend instead. Feel like a beer have a chocolate bar instead. Feel like a beer take a walk. Develop alternatives. Those are part of a plan. Make sense?..
Nothing helps unless you wake up and decide that today is going to be a sober day - no matter what. ..There are a multitude of things that can help you make that decision easier (therapy AA religious devotion sober people sober places) but ultimately it's down to you everyday every moment. ..What are you struggling with that makes you want to drink?
