-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33or67/feeling_overwhelmed_back_to_square_1/

I wrote a bit on here last year. I've been struggling with drinking and eating issues for several years now. I went to a clinic last summer here that just gave me drugs to help control my cravings and honestly it all went downhill from there. The drugs helped a bit. Then I abused them to get thin. Then I abused alcohol more to get thin... Then they stopped working......I went to AA. I really really gave it my all I made it 3 weeks without drinking. I relapsed and kept going for a bit because they're welcoming. Then I realised I was just letting the powerlessness idea feed my addiction. It didn't help that meetings were so boring only once a week (Asia) and the atmosphere was sometimes not so good. ..I was successful for a while in drinking moderately by myself. That didn't last too long. Then in the beginning of this year it got bad various blackouts etc. Since I'm an at home drinker I'm lucky I never got others hurt. Just embarrassing situations for myself and disturbances for those I live with...Then i got in contact with someone I met from AA when I was travelling. We kept a daily correspondence like a long distance sponsor-sponsee relationship and I was sober for 2.5 months or so. Until last week. I just stopped by the store one day on my way home and just really wanted that high and didn't think twice...I drank all week last night was particularly bad and today I am so sick. Of course I am going to keep contacting my "sponsor" and getting what help I can but I feel i need more and don't know what to do. Life feels so so overwhelming I have no one to turn to for support here yet I feel like I have this need to be babied and helped - I know I have to help myself but I don't have the strength for it or something. I know I will feel better in a few days or weeks but this moment right now is just so overwhelmingly depressing and scary. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there- the fag-end of a drinking binge always makes everything feel shitty. "Overwhelming" is a perfect way of describing it. The good news is as you know you don't have to drink/feel like this any more. Your post is full of self-awareness and honesty and I reckon you know what's up. Moderation didn't work for you (hey nor me; funny that...) - you know that. Now you're in a good place to get back on the right track and live your life and address your problems with a clear mind. Hold fast the dread will pass. All the best.  
I totally relate. Skinny or drunk: the only two things i wanted I'm my early twenties. ..Sounds like you have tried a couple things but nothing has helped. What do you think you need to do? 
I hope you can stay sober without too much pain although it seems that the cause of the pain is the drinking and the sense that you are not in control.  Stay with it!  If you are still in Asia would it be helpful to go to a Temple?
So it seems like you've worked the steps and it didn't work? And you've actually attended meetings and it didn't work?.Don't worry everyone is different and there is a way for you to make it stick if you want...For me I check in on this sub every single day and usually talk to my long distance sponsor at least once a day (I don't do AA either but have someone on speed dial I can talk to)...Here's a translated version of the 12 steps I really like:.Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
