-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33sgz0/i_need_my_flair_reset_i_have_a_few_questions_if/

I'm quite upset as I'd gone 113 days without a drink and somehow succumbed to a beer with little to no peer pressure or anything similar. My relapse wasn't the hollywood style one-drink-then-hammered depiction. There were elements of that in that my mind was focussed on alcohol - but subconsciously there were huge elements of self hatred thankfully clawing me back. Reaching a point of mild drunkness while running out of money as everone went home somehow kept me together and allowed my other me to take over - throwing my remaining beer in the bin before racing off home in an attempt to get away from temptation. Tonight was no better than any other night and drinking provided nothing that I wouldn't have otherwise had. The only difference is that I regret some of my comments and statements in a way which I wouldn't have sober. I gained nothing positive from drinking. ..My questions:..1. Now that I have slipped up after my longest spell dry how do I retain my sobriety and refuse to let alcohol dominate my normality again?..2. What helped you keep on the straight and narrow after failure?..3. Do you have any inspirational materials you use to keep you aware of the problem? (Cheesy I know but sometimes it's important.)..The really difficult thing is how easy it was to fail particularly after how easy it felt to not drink alcohol. I feel like a paranoid schizophrenic with multiple personalities I can't control. The feeling of helplessness over one's own actions is disconcerting to say the least. ..Sorry for the long post but thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you were able to stop when you did. Many people aren't so lucky and it goes *very* badly. I hope that you don't take for granted where it could have gone. This might be an opportunity to reflect on why you came here and got a badge in the first place?..I kept "trying" and failing until it got bad enough that I reached out for help despite all resistance. I went into a recovery community with meetings and when I struggle to stay sober there's usually someone who's announcing themselves as coming back into recovery who reminds me that drinking doesn't work. Keeping on the straight and narrow takes persistence in doing the next right thing and working a program...My inspiration comes from the sub and posts like these in addition to meetings. Hearing that drinking doesn't work and that sobriety does is massively inspiring. Hearing that people with a few years sober still have shitty days and make it through sober makes it realistic. It's real and inspiring. ..I really do hope the best for you and that this can be a lesson that it wasn't worth it - even though it didn't go as badly as it could have you still came right back here knowing it was a bad call to drink. 
I failed miserably on my first few serious attempts to stay stopped.  Helplessness cannot begin to describe the emotional turmoil I felt after each broken promise to myself to stay sober...However I had no alternative but to just get up and try again.  You can too...I totally identify with that feeling of having multiple people inside you out of control.  My friend says it best.  "My brain feels like it's divided down the middle.  One half is busy manufacturing bullshit and the other half is busy buying it."..My old-fashioned solution of 'go to AA for support' is a bit unpopular here on the sub but the advice of finding others who know about your problem and are willing to accept a phone call from you when you feel tempted any time day or night still strikes me as good practical advice.  Whether you decide to go all out and seek an AA meeting is of course up to you.
The way you pick up and start again is just the way you managed to get to 113 days - good job by the way!  I've relapsed and relapsed and so on but I'm getting tougher with each attempt and I actually think/hope that I'll make it this time.  I even have to drive a different route home from work so that I don't go by the liquor store and get tempted.  But gosh I feel good about myself after 24 days so you can feel proud and start again. :)
1) AA worked for me.  I know I say that a lot but I really only attend one meeting a week. ..2) AA and peer support.  I can't see an 'internet only' working well. Can't say it can't be done...3) Big Book...
You can read my [rock bottom/reset post HERE](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y4coq/reset_when_rock_bottom_keeps_moving/). I thought I could handle being a "casual alcoholic" in New Orleans during Mardi Gras. I couldn't...No matter where I am home or elsewhere one thing is true: **I. Cannot. Handle. It.**..Since my brain is now sober I have all this extra time I used to spend being hungover hating myself trying to hide from regrets of my actions the nights/days before. I've put all that extra time into making myself better. Since then I believe there is a strong link between addiction and mental health at least it proves true in my case...I started seeking out help for depression trying to quit smoking cigarettes eating better to lose weight and moving my life in the right directions finally. ..Inspirational material? I have a hole bank of examples of me being the person I don't want to be. Helps keep me sober I just have to remember to keep them in mind any time I'm in a potentially disastrous situation where my trigger might circumvent my common sense.
1. Stop trying to do it alone. Find a support group of some kind (AA SMART whatever) and start making sober friends. I made friends with other newly sober people as well as people who have a lot of time sober. And call people. Call when you're lonely when you're irritable when you're pissed off when you're scared and of course any time you are tempted to drink. ..2. After trying to "control" my drinking for 2 years then trying to stop drinking for about 5 months or so I finally went to AA and did whatever the people there told me to do...3. AA literature. Also I wrote the words "Stay out of your head" on the inside of my front door (In washable markers). It's something my sponsor says to me all the time and it's a reminder that my real problem was my own distorted thinking not just alcohol. If I start ruminating about this or that or trying to "figure things out" that's an indication I need to get busy or get on the phone with someone else before my brain leads me to where I don't want to be.
I think I relapsed just around 3 months last time. I let my guard down and thought "I can totally control this and not over drink." I didn't and couldn't and now I'm back. Glad for the experience despite the lost time and health...Now when I think "I could control it." or "This time will be different." then I know it's just my addiction talking and can more readily ignore it...It's not the years or months or days that matter it's right now. I've fought my harshest cravings in the moment. Sometimes not worrying about your strength in five minutes and just staying strong right now is all you can do...Win for the moment and not the life. That's all I got. Good luck friend.
Do not drink today.  Do not let this turn into a slide back to previous drinking levels..You got to 113 once you can get to it again and beyond.  Do what you did before and keep in mind this experience when you reach this level of sobriety again...For me I relapsed after a month and it took me seven years to crawl out of that drunk.  What this taught me is what I call "the pitfall".  The pitfall is thinking I can drink even once and be okay.  Thinking that I won't fall back into drunkenness.  If I avoid that one pitfall I expect to keep enjoying my sobriety for the rest of my life..
