-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33ufs1/started_over_again/

I had such a terrible week emotionally that I thought I'd just have a little bit to drink last night to help me sleep. I decided that at about noon. Obviously the more I thought about it the more excited I got and my plans escalated rather quickly. By the time I was actually uncorking a bottle the night had become a "final farewell" to alcohol or something like that. I mean WTF? I wouldn't be wishing a "final farewell" to the caboose if a freight train ran over my arm. This stuff has destroyed my life! Also by the time the day was over I wasn't even in a bad mood anymore because I was so excited. Well I'm not excited anymore just hungover. Lastly I do acknowledge that some part of me knew I was making a mistake this is a tale as old as time...I feel very ashamed but also oddly lucid. I'm almost afraid to jinx it by putting it in print but I think something just clicked. As in just this very instance as I am writing this post. I can't moderate drinking. I "knew" that before and said it many times but right now I feel like I know it in a different way. I'm struggling for an analogy. I guess it's a little like seeing New York on television versus standing in Times Square. If I entertain the notion of drinking anything no matter how little the snowball will roll again. Why didn't I start writing about this stuff years ago? I can tell: I'm not going to try not to drink today I am actually not going to drink...Thanks for listening I know this was a little rambly.
----------immediate responses--------

So what's the plan for the next time you have a "terrible week emotionally"? You already know what doesn't work. What do you think you'll try next?  ..It sounds to me like you wanted to drink because you didn't like how you were feeling and you wanted to change it. Happens to the best of us. Hell it's happening to me right now big time.  ..But I know that changing how I feel by drinking is an illusory solution to my problems. And the easy way out. So what I am doing is texting some other alcoholics and offering what advice I can on this sub. It's what I do when the shit hits the fan and it seems to work a lot better for me than pulling the cap off a bottle.  ..You said "the snowball will start rolling again". You know that the snowball is already in motion right? But it's still early enough to prevent the avalanche. Sounds like you have the desire....what you need is the PLAN. One thing I know for certain from talking to other alcoholics is this: *Desire is NOT ENOUGH*  ..Get a plan and put it into play. And do it fast. Because hangovers wear off and the snowball is rolling.
Yeh I a posting again that posts like yours are helpful to me as warnings.  Also that I hadn't realized that I had a planbut it seems to be: usingreading and responding on this sub being useful to others prayer and GingerAle!
Relapse almost seems necessary for people (including myself) to really get it. That's ok just keep on trucking and make sure you have a plan of action this time that can overcome any obstacles.
