-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33yg6w/starting_over/

I'm not sure if any of you remember me but I originally joined back in March. I had a huge scare and both my fiance and I decided it was time to stop. We were daily drinkers for a year and drank often for a year or two before that. We were sober for almost a week and then he relapsed and I followed. We came into some really hard times with people we used to live with. We had moved into his mothers house around Thanksgiving to help out and get away from our roommates for a while (that's a LONG story for another time). After we started drinking again it got really bad. I mean REALLY bad. My fiance called off work 6 days in a row and then eventually quit his job...because of the juice. We were hitting rock bottom FAST. We would wake up and have to take a few shots just to feel better and of course that turned into an all day slop-show. The money we had left was quickly running out and we were trying to figure out anything as to how we were going to buy our next bottle. One night drunk of course my fiance sent a text to his old manager apologizing for everything (they know about his/our problem) and his manager told him he knew that we were in a rough place and that he put him in the work computer as re-hireable. That changed our lives. We had a night of crying feeling bad for ourselves and wondering why they would re-hire him after everything he put them through. We then decided that was IT. We were DONE. For real this time. My fiance is going back to work within the next week or so and we have been completely sober since Wednesday. It feels so good and I know we can do it this time. Most people do not get second chances like this and I know we absolutely can't screw it up this time. Here's to an alcohol-free life! It feels great!..p.s. I think I submitted the wrong date for my badge I've only been sober since the 22nd.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the second chance. One thing is clear from this story--  this time around highly suggest that you each work your own program solo so that the sobriety of one does not hinge upon the sobriety of the other. Working it the other way makes this 100% more difficult.
Have you thought about what you're going to do if he decides to drink again?
Welcome back! What are you doing this time around that is going to support you in your sobriety? I have been going to counseling myself as well as going to meetings. Well I have only been to one meeting in a very long time which was today. I'm going to start going more because I found it helpful. I also enjoy sobriety literature. It makes me feel less alone reading other people's stories. Just like these posts. Thanks for sharing!
