-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3415y8/one_year_out/

A year ago today I woke up at my friends house after a night out in my hometown. I woke up with that familiar panic feeling my body was buzzing from the inside out my heart racing my head felt like it was lost at sea and the thought of moving from that couch was agonizing. I got home somehow and told myself I was never drinking again...You see these feelings weren't unfamiliar to me I'd put myself through this time and time again. I was a binge drinker. Any money I could get all things I was working towards was for the weekend. Just so I could get completely blasted out of my face the only time I didn't feel anxiety. I was using alcohol as a crutch for my anxiety disorder for a long time. I thought I found my cure ya know? It made it all go away at least temporarily I felt like I could be my "true self". But of course the cure started becoming the cause my hangovers turned into a 24 hour long panic attack... than a 48 hour panic attack... In the end my last hangover lasted almost a week and my nerves were shot. I was broken. ..Are things all perfect now one year out? ...No not really I've still got a pretty bad anxiety disorder I'm still not exactly where I want to be in life I'm still hung up on a girl that broke my heart a year and a half ago. I'm still human. I'm still struggling like everyone trying to get by. I've got my problems but one thing I've learnt is that alcohol is not the answer to them. . ..Alcohol unfortunately didn't cure all my problems it wasn't some miracle cure for everything. But even still one year out I can't see myself ever drinking again. Fuck that. Actually Being sober for a year gives you the opportunity to step back and look at the drinking culture around us. It's insanity pure insanity. The social acceptance for people going out every weekend and getting fucked out of their mind is insane. As a society we've become complacent with the way alcohol is. Some people don't even consider it a drug and its one of the worse ones out there. I just wish people didn't rely on it so heavily to be social. I had to reteach myself how to go out and talk to people without alcohol. It's hard! but it shouldn't be ya know?..I'm kind of rambling but I'm extremely proud of myself and happy that I was able to give up drinking a year ago. Life isn't easy but trust me alcohol doesn't make it any easier. 
----------immediate responses--------

One year. Wow!  Be VERY proud!  ..CONGRATULATIONS!! .
An invite to join us on /r/dinos will shortly follow in your inbox.
Congratulations!!!!!!
Congratulations to you! Happy 1st Birthday!!! You are awesome : )
Congratulations! Such a great milestone!
Way to go on your year! That's freaking awesome and I'm really happy for you...I totally know what you mean about the alcohol culture we live in. I haven't outed myself yet and when I ask people how their weekend was they always say something like "Oh it was great I got super drunk!" And to me at this point now that my life has become richer and not poorer without alcohol I just think *That doesn't sound great at all.* I've rewired my brain to see blackouts as bad drunkenness as a curse etc. But the world around me hasn't changed only I have. It's important for me to learn how to live with that.
Congratulations! you should be really proud of yourself!.
A year is awesome. Congrats!
Kudos on your year! I only wish I was as strong as you. 
Congratulations!   Care to share what works for you to stay sober?
Congratulations!
Congrats!! What an awesome accomplishment!! Gives me hope.
Congrats! 
So proud of you modest!! Yayayayay!!! 
You went on a trip completely around the sun without the booze. Well played. 
Congratulations :) 
