-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/344mk7/girlfriend_and_i_just_broke_up_for_good/

She was the last close relationship I had that hasn't been ruined by alcohol and now this one too is gone thanks to it. I didn't tell her about a pretty harsh bender recently I went on and it upset her. On top of other things that just had been building up. ..It's funny how alcohol has completely isolated me from my loved ones and has now left me completely alone but it's still all I want. I have been sober for 15 days now and I haven't had such a strong urge to go out and chug a fifth of whatever I can get my hands on right now in I don't know how long. I have nobody left around me. Nobody to turn to so my mind is telling me why not turn to the one thing that has always been there for me? It's destroyed me yet it's all I want. I'm absolutely pathetic. I'm at my wits ends. I feel like this is the relapse that will take me for good. Down into the abyss. But at this point I'm not sure I even care. Wow....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG-VPwxJLj8
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear that.  Alcohol ruined many friendships of mine and caused the one girl I care about to want nothing to do with me.  Going back to the bottle at this point won't help.  Rebuild yourself nowhere else to go but up.   
The line between finding a reason to live sober and wanting to just burn to the ground and die drunk is a thin one indeed. I've spent a long time there. I understand...In the end I found my motivation alone not for a girl. I realized that I was looking death in the face a lonely long tired death of a life and it was my only life and maybe I could get sober and if it sucked I could always drink myself to death...Still here. You have a shot if you want it. It isn't always great but it's better than drinking myself to death. It feels more fair.
Ouch. I'm sorry about the girlfriend. I lost my ex-fianc  to my drinking (two of them actually- one in 2003 one in 2010.) By 2010 I was pretty done. ..If you're feeling alone might I suggest calling anyone you know in recovery if you've got a family member or even acquaintance. Also look into "IRL" support groups- AA SMART etc. I spent my first month with strangers in AA while they did their errands because I couldn't be alone and be okay. Seriously I watched people get haircuts. But they just talked to me and let me cry and let me in their car even though I was a complete stranger...15 days is amazing really. That first month is as my old sponsor said "30 days and 1000 sleepless nights." It's rough. I don't have a lot of memory from that time. You don't have to be alone to get their either. There are people to turn to- and they're people who get it...Your drinking if it was anything like mine definitely feels like it was there for you. I've said it before- there are times I know that my alcoholism saved my life. I drank instead of doing something much more permanently incapacitating if you know what I mean. But there came a time when that was no longer true and it was my drinking that led me closer to death than anything before it. Alcohol is no longer there for me. It does not make anything better. It doesn't get rid of the pain- it just dulls it (less and less until even drunk I can't get away from it) and prolongs it. It didn't bring my relationships back my happiness back my ability to be okay back. Alcohol no longer worked. I think you're a bit on that position too. And I had to do something different or I wasn't going to come back from it either. ..I think intuitively you know that a little bit that you're not alone. You're posting here &amp; that's huge too. You're fighting for yourself right here even though you're not sure you're worth it. That takes a tremendous amount of faith and courage. Those are qualities worth saving qualities the whole world could use more of. You're worth it. 
Your equalibirium is wacked out and your brain is nixed.15 days is awesome.You know deep down that alcohol will only make issues worse.As bad as things are refraining from alcohol will only make your life better.Sounds like you may of had your moment.Hang in there and keep comming back.
Yep I know that feeling.  Alcohol tends to do that to us. It will take everything that it can get its hands on.  I know when I stopped I was able to rebuild some of the relationships and also create new ones.  While I drank that was impossible.  15 days is an amazing start try to stick with it.  I wish you well.
[deleted]
