-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34egg9/fellow_alcoholic_had_a_seizure_at_yesterdays_aa/

I've been to 3 AA meetings in 3 days. It's a new scary thing for me but I feel compelled to keep going back. There are quite a few older people that go to the  meeting and I've noticed that 2 of them in particular have smelled like alcohol when I've sat close to them. One sweet elderly lady (she must be in her late 70's/ early 80's) always speaks at the meetings but never quite makes sense and kind of trails off without really making a point. Anyway right before the meeting started yesterday she fell out of her chair and started seizing. We immediately called 911 and turned her on her side. She snapped out of it within about a minute and was sitting up in her chair drinking coffee before the paramedics even showed up. She refused to go in the ambulance because she completely denied that anything had happened. An older man at the meeting who appeared to be her friend offered to take her home. ..When he returned to the meeting he spoke up and said "I want the newcomers to know that what you just witnessed was a direct result of years and years of alcohol abuse. Her addiction to alcohol has nearly killed her on numerous occasions. Hell it nearly killed me about 3 years ago! Not MY addiction but HERS! I've been sober for more than a decade but one time when she was in a blackout state she actually ran me over with her car and kept driving. She still denies that it happened to this very day! She is a very sweet lady...taught school for 30+ years...but alcohol has a hold on her. When I dropped her off she said she was going to lie down for a nap. But I know what she was REALLY going to do. This my friends is what can happen if you keep drinking." ..I suppose I felt a little torn. On one hand I wondered if it was really his place to share that with all of us. On the other hand many people there probably already knew the history (especially since she ran over a fellow meeting member 3 years ago while blacked out!) and it was indeed a powerful message to those of us who are newly sober. ..After the meeting I chatted with someone about being my potential sponsor. She said that when she first started going to AA she was shocked to find out after a few months that there were people who regularly came to meetings but continued to drink heavily. Not like  intermittent relapses but just blatantly continuing to drink. She said it was usually older people who appeared to enjoy the fellowship and social aspect of AA but didn't seem to want to work the steps to make a real change. How sad. :( ..~**edited to add: **~..Huh. I was curious about the cause of her seizure so I started looking things up. I mean I knew that seizures can be a withdrawal symptom and wondered if she had just gone too long without a drink and wasn't detoxing safely. But then I found multiple articles on something called "alcohol-induced epilepsy." My guess is that's what it was considering that her friend alluded to the fact that she was probably going to run straight to the liquor cabinet as soon as he dropped her off. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've definitely been to meetings that seem to have a subsection of people who are currently kind of drunk. It's weird. 
I was one if those that continued to drink while going to meetings. It took about a year for it to click and I got a sponsor and worked the steps. Fortunately our only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. I have to be careful not to judge the people that continue to drink. That was me and could still be me if I let my guard down.
Welcome to the crazy interesting confusing sad and happy world of AA...Great work trying to get a sponsor!!!! You should be proud of yourself for taking that step!
I was not ready to quit drinking when I first started going to meetings. But I found them useful for many reasons. One was that I never drank before going to a meeting so this helped me slowly wean myself off morning drinking (I went to noon meetings). Another was that I was seeing examples of happiness and success in sobriety...something I didn't know was possible. Lastly I considered myself "gathering data". The more evidence I was confronted with about my disease the less I could deny I had s problem. I highly encourage people to go to AA meetings even if they are not ready to quit drinking. If you keep going you'll probably "get it" eventually. 
Like most things in life it's not simple .On the one hand is that her business? Sure  but on the other hand if a new comer is listening to her doesn't he have the right to know she's still drinking? .There is a guy who's been coming around AA for 7 years in my area. Claims he has either 1 or 7 years of sobriety when asked (you'd think he;d realize that alone would get him caught  but hey when drinking that's more rational than I was). He's shown up at meetings drunk shown up at members houses drunk and been arrested while intoxicated. On the one hand you don't want to gossip and or drive him away from AA but on the other hand he tells people he's willing to sponsor and when you come to AA that long you're able to repeat what other people say now I realized he never speaks from the I but I didn't at first  so I have told people hey be careful of him IDK if it's the right thing or not.
&gt;I suppose I felt a little torn. On one hand I wondered if it was really his place to share that with all of us...Well he was involved in being run over so I suppose he has earned the right to talk about that bit at least :)
Hi there..Do you have the option of checking out different AA groups where you live? ..I spent the first 3 weeks of my sobriety checking out different AA meetings. I now have about 6 meetings that I really look forward to going to each week. I picked a homegroup last week and finally made friends with some of the other ladies and have started going on walks or out for coffee with. ..It's good. I'm adjusting to sober life. Hope you do as well. Keep coming back. 
I have Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy. Basically without meds I cant wake up abruptly or Ill go nuts. So I take meds and it's all good. Now alcohol itself is a depressant. So drinking isnt a problem stopping is. So whenever I felt kind of weird I'd drink. If I got lack of sleep and felt twitchy I would drink. As you can imagine 10 years of this got me in a bad place. I thought alcohol was my go to solution in any bad situation. Took me awhile to figure out htat alcohol is not the answer to anything.
[deleted]
That feels like a huge violation to me!
It works if you work it. Regardless of age regardless of race or religion. Rarely have we seen a person fail who has THOROUGHLY followed our path. That story was definitely another example and a very powerful message of how this disease WILL kill. Having a seizure is part of my story and part of my bottom. As long as I stay away from the first drink and remind myself that drinking will lead to my premature death I can work on that decision day by day.
I wouldn't focus on the gossipremember there are many sick people in AA Not all follow the traditionssome are white knuckling itsome are there because of the courtssome are still using like you noticed..AA is your recovery. Seeing that senior must have being horrible. Take it as a sign. I'm sure you don't want to be that way later. It's a disease I hate it! Keep going to different ones and you will find your spot. Congrats on your sobriety. 
