-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34fznw/company_happy_hour/

Soon I will be heading to a bar with my co-workers. I love my team and I don't want to miss out on hanging out with them. My entire team drinks and everyone knows me as being a very heavy drinker. My boss even made a joke today about one drink never being enough for me. I don't want to make a big deal about it but I'm afraid of their reaction when I order a Shirley Temple. I don't want to talk about my struggles with them and I'm sure they will all be cool with it. But still I'm a little nervous. ..How do you guys handle social situations where everyone else is drink?..Edit: It went great! I didn't drink I didn't feel tempted and I had fun. Thank you for all of the comments and concerns. I'm feeling very proud of myself today. For those who said I shouldn't go I think of it this way: I've let alcohol control the past 10 years of my life I'm not letting it control what I do or don't do for the next 10. I don't want to hide away I don't want to be afraid. 
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly I've been to about 5 and the last one is the only time someone every asked.  He asked another guy at the table why he didn't drink and he said "I lost a friend to drunk driving when I was a kid so I'd say i'd never drink again"  I was a drunk driver so I didn't know what to say if they asked me.  But if you don't have a reason and you want a reason just use "I was having health issues" it's not a lie as alcohol is a huge health issue.
At 27 days I would skip it.  I don't personally see the point in attending if attendance will create anxiety and risks for further problems.  
It's clear They already know you are a drunk - what they don't know is that you know it too - and are doing something about it.  Why the shame???..If you go come out of the closet so to speak it will go much better for you.  But still I would not go.  Drinking occasions are kinda lame when you are sober.
In early days I just told people I was going to back off for awhile.  ..Later I told people I quit...Today I tell people "I don't drink - ever."  .If they press the point I smile sweetly and tell them."Seriously.  I don't drink ever.  I am in AA... and I DON'T DRINK EVER."  ..
Why would you order a Shirley temple? That will get you mocked. Order a soda with lime. Not pink no umbrellas or cherries and it looks like a real drink...But yeah...the fact that you're even going doesn't speak well for your commitment to sobriety. But please prove us wrong and report back on how it went :)
Your boss thinks you're a drunk. ..You obviously think you're a drunk otherwise you wouldn't be here. ..Yet you can't wait to hang out at the bar.  .How is it even possible that the absurdity of this situation is lost on you?..I get the feeling that trying to talk sense to you would be like trying to talk sense to a block of cheese.  The people who make it give themselves the best possible chance at each step of the way. That is not what you're doing. ..
I don't handle those situations right now; I stay home. I will report back when I have a year or so and have a work dinner party or something. I think it will involve calling sober friends before and after and not drinking. Might sound extreme but I blew like 1/3 of my life so far on drinking and I can't risk it. I want to trust myself again but it will take time...I think good advice if you're going to go though is to be upfront and firm and then change the subject with a smile. 
&gt;everyone knows me as being a very heavy drinker. My boss even made a joke today about one drink never being enough for me.  ..YIKES...How do you feel about that? That'd be pretty tough for me to hear. It sounds like your boss thinks your previous drinking habits are problematic. ..
I'm glad it went great for you! I'm throwing myself into a similar situation with less than a week under my belt this Saturday. I am a musician and I have a gig at a bar. My husband and bandmates know that I have just started going to AA and will be there to fully support me so I am much less worried about being tempted to drink than I am about the fact that I have stage fright and social anxiety that I have always masked with alcohol. I have seriously never performed without having at least a few drinks in me before we get started....and then proceed to get nice and toasted throughout the rest of the set. Damn. Being up there sober is going to be rough. 
So how did it go?
