-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34hbek/did_becoming_sober_positively_impact_your_work/

So my job is low-paying and dead-end.  I'm currently about a year's worth of credits away from graduating. It will take me longer if I continue to work full time but I could do it in a year if I can go to part-time. ..Anyway drinking definitely has helped me stay stuck career-wise. Curious to hear how folks' work-lives improved for the better once they got sober?  I'm already seeing changes in myself. I'm punctual I dress nicer and I'm friendlier to my co-workers. Productivity also good for what I do. .. I just get bummed out because I feel stuck & am struggling with the whole 'light at the end of the tunnel'.  I'm 41 and have always worked low-paying jobs (alcohol/drugs/mental health issues definitely impacted my work/school choices).  I know I'll have to work hard to succeed I just want some good news from anyone whose made it to the other side career-wise. Thank you! ..PS my boss always talks about how she'll never be able to retire. So it's kind of depressing & I just think there's gotta be a better situation for me out there. .
----------immediate responses--------

In the winter I'd stand outside for hours chipping ice out of railway switches and derails - sometimes I'd wear a full face respirator and stand in dust for 16 hours a day flipping 50 pound lids.  For most of the spring I've had to scrape then shovel into a bucket tonnes of dust off of railroad ties. I was picking used chemical buckets out of the ditch after that.  I'm now working 60+ hours of week...Sobriety has given me the tools to detach emotionally from the job and not let it ruin the rest of my day.  I've been struggling with that of late.  Before I'd just go pound a few beers when I got home because I felt so awful about what I was doing.  Now I just show up take their money and save it to invest into retraining.
I just have more time to do shit and do it well. I never missed work for hangovers or anything but the quality of the work I did hung over definitely suffered...Also when I pursued new career opportunities in the past I'd always get into shame spirals just when things were getting good--"You're a piece of shit you don't deserve this" all that self-talk. I'd self-sabotage. Now even though my therapist would disagree with that stuff I told myself even if I WAS still drinking I've now made a concrete measurable change to better myself which makes it a little easier to break out of that spiral. I hope it will only get better with time.
Every time I got more than a month of sobriety I noticed huge increases in productivity whether I was hypomanic or even depressed. It was a shitty job with shitty competitive saboteur "colleagues" but it didn't matter I was able to get a lot more done...My health improved to the point where I didn't constantly have to be on valium and vicodin (back injury) which meant I wasn't dopey and dizzy...I started taking regular showers/brushing my teeth more often/doing laundry ever...I was _mostly_ less irritable with people but still bipolar so not much less. ..Soon after I switched to a new division in my company with slightly better people got a raise got into an actually _good_ team got promoted got to start working on Apple platforms and here we are. I just started mood stabilizers so I'm predicting even better things soon :D
