-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34mqm7/the_drinking_jar_best_motivational_helper_ive/

I'm not sure if this is common knowledge/advice or whatever but after years and years of struggling with alcoholism (and at times---let's face it---not really struggling with it) the past 10 days or so have been my soberest for as long as I can remember. I owe it all to the "Drinking Jar." The concept is stupid simple: One night I just decided that all the money I would be spending on drinking I put in a glass jar. Planning on heading to 7-11 to buy a few beers for a few bucks? Put it in the drinking jar instead wait a bit and then see if you're willing to take it back out and give it to the clerk for beer. I started this on a Saturday and before I knew it I had $100HKD in the drinking jar---$20 here $20 there small bottle of wine that night few beers the other night---I couldn't believe how much I spend on liquor. I mean I've done the calculation before but really when you put all the cash you would be parting with in one place it really makes you understand just how much it is. The *real* treat came on the weekend. I would have spent at *least* $150 per night on booze out with my buddies---Friday and Saturday (not including cigarettes)---but instead I put all that cash in the jar. Now that sucker is sporting $300HKD for doing what? NOTHING IN FACT. ..Here's the other thing: it's not like you aren't *allowed* to drink. You are. You can go out and spend as much as you want on drinking. The hitch is that you have to take it back out of the jar in order to spend it on liquor. Remember it's money you *would have* spent on liquor. If you want a night out on the town take the money out of the jar. This way you see just how fast you can blow through a week or so of savings in a single night just like you can undo a week or so of sober progress in a single night. So if you're just looking to cut-back this works as well. But I warn you it'll be mighty difficult to take that week's worth of savings out of the jar with the intention of spending it all in one night rather than adding more to the jar for not drinking. If you're thinking of drinking---like if it's a time that you seriously would be drinking under normal circumstances---either put the money you would be spending in the jar or take it out...I don't know; I'm a poor grad student and I'm money conscious these days but maybe this won't help for those of you better off financially. Even if you are though you could surprise yourself with how much you save in a month or so---could be a small fortune. Seeing it visually every day and considering every dollar not spent on liquor to be a dollar earned has really helped to motivate me. I'm saving up to support some of my better hobbies like cooking and gaming. I hope this helps someone. 
----------immediate responses--------

As someone who tried a lot of tricks to try and stop - and who found himself out manipulated time and time again by my inner addict I worry about this plan.   ..For me drinking can not be an option the consequences are more dire than having a little less money in a jar.  ..If it helps great but be careful....
I am glad it's working for you.  ..Unfortunately when I was drinking I didn't care about the money because I wanted to get drunk regardless of all the consequences most of which were much worse than spending some money.
If drinking was ever an option for me it was bad news.
What I like better is when people just do the calculations like: Okay I haven't drank in 200 days so that would equal X amount of liters of my favorite drink y amount of calories and Z amount of money...That way you dont have to reward yourself only when you crave alcohol because the big goal here is not to have cravings at all. Rewarding cravings is probably a bad thing...Seems to be working for you but you are on 10 days it might not make sense when you start hitting the 100s..
Would you drink a free bottle of wine that your neighbor gave you as a present? Free alcohol is going to happen eventually. Do you have a plan for that? Is stopping drinking worth more than money?..OK now on to a more nuanced comment. While I agree with all the "drinking being an option is bad" sentiments being described in the comments so far I also support the "Not drinking today - but maybe tomorrow!" mind-trick for getting through each 24 hours which may be similar to what you're doing. Not sure how serious you are about taking money out of the jar *really* being an option. It's worth remembering though that the novelty is absolutely going to wear out one day and you'll need a backup plan (not a criticism of your resolve; novelty wears out of everything). For the sake of argument: how's it going to feel when you have $500 in the jar and the "one" 40oz is "just" $1.50? I've gotten drunk for what felt like an excusable amount of money plenty of times even as a quasi-responsible adult on a budget. Bottom shelf vodka isn't going to break the bank especially when you've taken such a nice healthy tolerance break - and so on. I suspect you can relate to the crazy or you probably wouldn't have set up a drinking jar so fair warning. ;)..Anyway all that is just to say that if you have a problem stopping I support your endeavors to change and try something new and want to encourage you to have the best success possible by pointing out these possible pitfalls. You actually don't mention how bad you think your problem is so my words are a reaction to my own problem which was pretty damn serious. Saving money is a great incentive to change this habit and having tangible evidence of the money saved certainly can't hurt. I like the details you included about the healthier hobbies. That said I heard from a man today who said that every time he tried to quit drinking back in the day he would go on a total health food shopping spree then let the food rot in his fridge the week later when he finally got cleaned up enough to deserve to get another 6-pack and watch it take off from there. Sad but familiar to me! I'm also a grad student and can't afford this shit either. So in addition to saving money I am dedicated to quitting drinking for reasons beyond that positive reinforcement...I wish I could take out a drinking jar for liver cells and the trust of my family but even those reasons would eventually not be enough (for me). I try to get myself to a place where being dead broke with a family that hates me and a liver too far gone to fix with a box of my favorite drink free on the doorstep would not drive me to drink. How I intend to do that is a difficult question to answer still and who knows if I will pull it off but I know some people have. They seem to recommend reaching out for support IRL and doing something to figure out the reasons/patterns related to the decision to drink and the messes we've made while drinking. Anything less than complete commitment to this kind of thinking terrifies me because I've wasted 1/3 of my life addicted to drinking and the tiny bit of sober time I have now has shown me that it doesn't have to be that way but that it's very easy for people to slip back into the darkness again with the best intentions...Still yeah saving the money. Drinking all the time is a total drain on every resource we have. My net household income has been slightly positive every month since I gave it up for the first time in years. I just watched blankly as I metabolized money into spiritual decay for years so it's nice to care and have success again. I wish you well and hope the reluctant replies don't drive you off. It's quite helpful to take note of positive changes and many of us are best able to handle the practical side at first.
I love to post this graph of my account:..http://i.imgur.com/Sy4RO6u.png..I think you can see where I have stopped drinking :) 
I hear you. It's nice to see the money pile up but for me I would transfer it electronically. Too much cash on hand can be a tremendous trigger for me because I am a master at manipulation of my finances I'm so good at it that I can convince myself that I won't even notice just a few dollars less. Then one day I wake up and have spent three times what I had in the jar the day I decided that it was time for me to reward my good behavior with a nice bender. If it works for you though who am I to judge.. Peace and good vibes.
I think it would be good to do this for thirty days then take half the money and buy yourself a treat.  When I hit ninety days I gave myself a tablet with some of the money I'd saved.  It was a tangible sign of how much money I'd been spending.
