-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34sa53/some_struggle/

Hello all..I check in here from time to time to celebrate anniversaries and chat with whoever's around but today I just wanted to talk about some difficulties I've been having...I've been living back in New York since 2012.  Doing pretty well good job own my own place -- but I have trouble with my personal relationships.  I haven't had a serious girlfriend in years and I've only dated sporadically.  I have a few good friends here in the city but they are all married and either having kids or getting there.  Lately I've been spending my weekends cooped up in my apartment because it doesn't feel worthwhile to go anywhere since I'd be doing it alone...This scares the shit out of me because this was my behavior when I was drinking too.  In fact I think I developed such a pronounced learned behavior of drinking alone precisely because it made loneliness easier to deal with...I know I need to break out of this but I spent my entire 20s getting fucked up - and I was never at any point in my life good with women.  It's weird to feel like this is as good as it gets at 34 but as everything gets better in my life in the years after I quit -- money home health job -- years go by and this stays the same...Anyway.  Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

I so the same thing.  Problem is it just makes leaving the house even harder..I have two days off work and I know that if I don't make the effort I could easily just stay in bed all day...What I am trying to do is set small goals for myself to achieve.  Even if it is just an outing for a cup of coffee/tea or just walking to the local shops and wandering around.  I need to learn to be comfortable in my own skin because I have realised that otherwise I become too needy once there is an opportunity to catch up with a friend...Basically I think I just need to become a friend to myself.  That way you are never truly alone :)
It's harder to meet people who are worthwhile to spend time with in your 30s than 20s. Also if you are used to being alone and are comfortable with that the bar is even higher. All we can do is just to keep trying to meet new people try to feel engaged in conversations and bring something into those chats relationships whatever that is. Rest is outside of our control but I believe if we do that sooner or later we are able to surround ourselves with people who add to our lives and feel a bit less lonely.
I'm assuming NY City? I can only imagine all of the opportunities to participate in recovery there. I'd be bouncing all over the place. 
