-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34tnf8/wolves_in_sheeps_clothing/

I recently confided in my neighbor/new friend that I am an alcoholic and have recently quit drinking. She then confided in me that she has struggled with addiction to pain pills for years. She is extremely obese and agoraphobic. She told me the heartbreaking story of how she fell and fractured a couple vertebrae years and years ago when she was pregnant with her son. Her back has been severely messed up ever since. During one of her hospital stays they gave her methadone for the pain and that's when the pain pill addiction started. Between her back pain and the pill addiction she has become very sedentary and depressed. Her marriage ended as a result of her addiction her adult children aren't speaking to her and her mother now has to be guardian of her pain pills doling them out to her one by one. .I feel so terrible for her. The pain and agony that addiction has brought into her life is almost unfathomable to me...Anyway she's been through rehab and used to go to the very AA meeting that I am now attending (there are both alcoholics and drug addicts in attendance). Being an old pro at recovery programs I think it made her feel good to feel as though she was taking a newbie under her wing showing me the ropes so to speak. ..But you know what? Even though I know her intentions were good and she was trying to be supportive nothing she said was in any way helpful for my recovery. I told her now that my daughter knows I'm sober I feel extra pressure not to falter and went on to explain my mournful feelings of never being able to drink socially with my friends again. ..She said something to the effect of "Don't put that pressure on yourself. No one can live up to perfection. If you fall you have to forgive yourself and move on and your daughter will forgive you too...."  and "Oh gees it sucks sooooo bad to be the only one not drinking when you're out to dinner with friends. It's miserable!" I think she was just trying to comfort me and commiserate with me but what she was really doing was letting her defeatist attitude rub off on me. Because of her many many many relapses she probably thinks that relapses will be inevitable for me and her soft cushy words will soften the blow. ..If you are new to recovery friends be careful where you get your advice. It may be a wolf in sheep's clothing. ..Thank you /r/stopdrinking for telling me that RELAPSE IS OPTIONAL...it is not inevitable. It IS possible for me to never ever drink again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Advice I was recently given by someone 6 years sober:.."When you're a newbie lots of people will try to give you advice and tell you what to do. Not all of these people are happy... Listen to the ones who are."..As a wolf myself I sympathize with the one you met. She sounds lonely. 
Stick with the winners...Use your brain and judgment. You didn't come this far in life listening to every loser with an opinion so why should that change?
I had some issues and confusion early on with how much certain AA speakers emphasised that true alcoholics' problems begin when the bottle ends and how many countless relapses they had before they stayed sober. I came into AA for the first time worked the steps to the best of my ability and haven't had a drink in over a year...You don't have to take a drink ever again if you don't want to. And it's very much possible 24 hours at a time...Many do relapse and it's important to get back into recovery if that does happen but it certainly doesn't have to happen. I don't know if I'll ever drink again or not but I know that I sure as hell don't want to because nothing good can come of it.
