-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34uf98/this_is_my_story_of_what_alcohol_did_to_me/

It's been two long months since I've had a drink. Noone knows just how much I drank....noone so I really feel like I can be totally honest here and getting this off my chest I think will really help me. So here goes total honesty....My drinking started back in high school through college where it continued to get bad enough to screw  up my goals back then. What did I care? I was young and college was all about partying at least that's what I thought. I quit college got married and continued to drink but  I actually slowed down and only drank occasionally. Fast forward to years later I had kids never drank while pregnant but then I would drink moderately after they were born. People thought I had the perfect life but I was living a lie. I guess it didnt get really bad until these last couple of years. I wasnt happy seemed like my spouse and I were constantly bickering I felt like I was a nobody and I knew I had terrible social anxiety. To ease my depression I  had fallen into I started drinking  even more. I would wake up put a couple shots in my coffee and enjoy that buzz. If I had to go somewhere I never drank and drove I would get there early drink a couple of shots in the car and go in. I became a functioning alcoholic if there is even such a thing.  My life was beginning to revolve around where and when my next drink was coming from. I couldnt go anywhere without having a slight buzz first. Even church. I never stumbled around my body was getting so use to it that you couldnt even tell I had a buzz. I covered it up with gum and mouth wash. Towards the end of my drinking I was getting worse never wanted to go anywhere or do anything. My marriage was so bad that I was saying to my spouse we should end it the house stayed a mess and I just sat and brooded all day or slept while the kids were in school. I should have quit when I came home from a friend's house and blacked out on the couch but not before hitting the end table and giving myself a black eye or maybe I should have quit when I was stumbling around at a public event and the police stopped and questioned me and I lied about having too much cold medicine and they let my friend take me home. I should  have quit when I was filling up small bottles with liquor and bringing them in my pocket so I would always have a safety  stash in case  I started getting anxious. The final straw that made me quit was when I was so buzzed that I tripped late at night with a drink in my hand landing flat on the floor and doing some major rib damage. Funny thing is I was so drunk that I cleaned up the mess and went to bed not knowing how much damage I had done to my ribs. I ended up going to the ER a few hours later when the pain was unbearable. That's my story. I'm thankful my kids were never around when I was totally trashed so they have no clue. I'm still struggling with the social anxiety my marriage is better not great but working on it I've trying to fix my relationship with God also because I pushed him away while drinking and I've started exercising again. I've had alot of time to think about things since i've been sober and the thing that keeps coming back into my head is I want to see my children grow up and I dont want them to be ashamed of me. I knew at the rate I was going I was slowly killing myself and the next time I fell I might not get up. My drinking has cost me quite a bit  I'm just glad I got out before it cost me my life. Now being two months sober I still struggle with the thought  but i know it will get better with time. So that's my story. Being able to say all that I feel like a weight has been lifted and I'm finally finding my happy again....this time without the alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time is how I'm dealing with soberness right now. Hopefully it'll become a habit so I wont have to think about it much. You will get stronger day by day as long as you feed the idea daily. Dont you worry. ..Anyways 'My life was beginning to revolve around where and when my next drink was coming from' This hit too close to home.
I can relate to a lot of this.  Keep up the good work - quitting before we lose the house and the kids is nothing to sneeze at.  A bottom is when you stop digging.
first time in the sub.  not really a reddit guy but I think i will be now that i'm making sobriety a priority..i'd say that i'm proud of you but my last drink was last night.  so it's just more accurate to say "i'm looking up to you."  .take care and stay strong.
Thanks for sharing. It feels good to get that out in the world and focus on the present! Keep up the good work!
It's crazy how much I relate to your story and to many others here. And all along I was thinking my problem was unique! I am so happy to have company in recovery.
Congrats!!! This is the new you! No more looking back at what you used to do. ..Keep up the good work!! :)..
You can insert paragraph breaks on reddit  by hitting enter twice. 
I can sooooo relate thanks for sharing and good luck . Although I see you're quite a bit ahead of me I need luck too:)
Wow! Good thing you quit. You never want to go back to living like that again. 
Thanks for sharing. I don't have a lot of history of drinking because I hadn't progressed as far yet. Your story reminds me of where I could be if I went back out.
Another one who can relate to a lot of your story. I thought I'd never be able to do social occasions without drinking but wow it turns out I can! I recently read the story of a woman on another forum whose daughter was taken into foster care and then finally adopted because of her mother's drinking. So even though she is sober now her daughter is lost to her forever. Her story really hit me hard hiw irreversible it is. I had a series of relapses recently but I have a life I want to live that I know I can't if I'm still drinking...Edit to add Congratulations on 2 months by the way. Treat yourself to something to celebrate!
