-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34y6e4/dont_drink_the_fish_vodka/

Met with my therapist last night. In the course of our session I mentioned that even in my worst drinking I wouldn't buy bottom shelf vodka/rum/whatever because that stuff was in plastic bottles that is what alcoholics drank...gut rot alcohol. Instead I went into credit card debt due to my alcoholism...As an example I mentioned the time my husband asked me to buy a pint of the cheapest possible vodka to use in our 125 gal saltwater fishtank to reduce the nitrates.  That rock bottom cheap bottle was placed in the cabinet below the tank.  In one of my later drunken binges I was trying to convince my husband to drive me to get more booze and he refused.  He half jokingly asked "This is pathetic. Am I going to find you drinking the fish vodka one of these days?" I just walked away without saying anything because there was a horrible ring of truth to his "joke"...Fast forward to yesterday: I'm boastfully telling my therapist about my former alcoholic "standards"...never drank mouthwash  extracts never bought the $5 plastic handles of booze...and I realized the fish vodka is still there in the tank cabinet...so there is still alcohol in my house I just never realized it...It bothered me a bit last night not the temptation but the knowledge that it has been there all along. Now I'm going to leave it where it is.  If I relapse and I'm willing to drink the fish vodka  I will have reached a new rock bottom and no one will be able to stop me. It didn't matter a bit what quality or type of booze i drank... the fact is I'm an alcoholic no better or worse than those who drank Listerine in their worst days.  ..I must remain vigilant against my addiction. ..which is always waiting for me if I'm not working to maintain this sober happy life I've grown to enjoy so much. ..So today I got up marked another morning without a hangover and told myself "I will NOT drink today. I will continue to work on my sobriety so I never end up sick hopeless and drinking the fish vodka. I never want to live like that."..Stay sober my friends. No fish vodka today...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

#NoFishVodka #1YearHPWilling #NonnyLives #LoveYouMouse  .Why am I speaking in hashtags?! 
Obviously I thought fish were placed in vodka as a deterrent...best wishes!
fuck that fish vodka...we are all in this together.
Hi Mouse! Um there was a time in the not-distant-enough past when I was buying a bottle of $3.99 dry sherry at Trader Joes and the cashier asked for my ID and then said she didn't need it because *obviously* I was going to be cooking with it not drinking it. Yeah... *obviously.* Not a good feeling man!..You actually probably did yourself a favor by avoiding the ultra-cheap stuff they don't call it gut rot fer nuthin! Hope you &amp; the hubby are both doing well. 
Don't drink the fish vodka. Don't ever drink the fish vodka.
Wait so... do you pour the vodka in the tank with the fish in it? Or do you use it to clean the tank? Finding Nemo is starting to make much more sense...
Hey mouse!  No fish vodka for you!  
I love this nonnymouse!  Thanks for the chuckle ... not that it's funny to think of anyone getting to a new rock bottom but the way you put it..&gt;If I relapse and I'm willing to drink the fish vodka.....Thanks for the fabulous post and keeping that fire of **vigilance** burning it's really good for me to check in with that part of my daily commitment to NOT drink today no matter what happens...No fish vodka today!
I had no idea that vodka reduces nitrates. I used to work in the aquarium department at a fish store and everything...
It's great to be sober
I'd stay away from the fish food too if you can avoid it... ;)
I've had aquariums all my life and I've never had fish vodka -you learn something new every day! That said -don't drink the fish vodka!  
Fishwater vodka *puke*
Now that is a good story.  Thanks for sharing. Something tells me that fish vodka is going to be safe from you. 
I love this post and can relate on so many levels. 
