-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3517r1/i_feel_a_relapse_coming_on/

Craving tonight.I guess it was only a matter of time. It was a good go this time. I'll remain sober tonight but I have a feeling I'm falling off the wagon soon..I'm so sad to see myself go back to that life..I went to a meeting today and I just wanted to drink more..Maybe I'll stay sober for another day.. hoping things will change somehow.
----------immediate responses--------

I could always tell when my relapses were coming on. It was if it my fate was already decided. Thing is those decisions came straight from my own head and I still had free will. Looking back relapsing was a statement that I didn't believe in my new life or thought I didn't deserve it or worse I had removed the alcohol but didn't fill the void with anything else (like what a good program of recovery does). It's never too late to look at the decision rationally and let the pain and grayness of just being dry be replaced with something genuinely better than jumping back into the abyss...In all my relapses that little muted voice of reason was always there still rejecting a return to oblivion and insanity. The emotional me had always crushed that voice. When I got sick and tired of being sick and tired I finally relented and listened to the voice of reason for once! I successfully delayed my gratification for something far better. It was worth it. I only wish I did not have to pay such a high price and waste so much time to learn this. ..Hope is good but it's not a good strategy. Until I changed what I was doing I kept getting the same result. What can you do different today?
I think I know the feeling you are talking about it's like a compulsion to double-check the stove before leaving the house a well-worn neuronal pathway that feels begrudgingly obligatory. From the other side I can tell you it's not. You don't have to act on the impulse; I didn't and I survived! The trick for me was to break the habit-chain. I called someone I lay in bed with the covers over my head I refused to put on my shoes I cried I got through it. Good luck friend.
My sponsor always told me to play the tape through. This means to take a moment to think through the drink and those that would follow that night the following day the following week. What would you feel what would happen. If your honest with yourself and your an alcoholic you will have plenty of bad tapes to play through in your mind. Do you have a sponsor? Have you called your sponsor to talk about this impending slip? .
100 or so days is a danger point.  if you can stick it out for another few days things will relent a bit and you will feel a little stronger.  just hang in there and don't give up.
It won't solve any problems. I can guarantee you that. Fight it. Stand up for yourself. 
Think it through.   And please remember not every relapse has an exit door...And forgive the preaching but things don't have to change how you deal and react to them does.  ..It is really that simple if you respect yourself enough so you don't want to actively poison yourself - you will be ok...posting here is a sign of that - nurture it.
Around 100 days is a hard time for many. But when you get further in it will be easier. You don't need to go through the first 100 days again. Stick with it. You will be glad you did. 
I see a lot of people struggle at the 100 or so day mark. I did. But I can say I have not felt close to relapsing since I was at that point. It's been so much easier since then so much that I'm reminded of cakes and pies and whatnot...How to get past this point of struggle? I can't say for sure. But I suppose step 1 is committing to do whatever it takes to get past this point of struggle. And you *will* get past it as long as you don't drink. How you're feeling now is *not* a permanent state. Don't forget that...I got past this rough patch by refocusing on why I quit drinking and reconnecting with that deep part of myself that really wanted to be new and better than I used to be. The higher self if you will. If you believe in a higher power now might be a good time to connect with that and meditate on that...Hang in there. 
I drank on what should have been my 105th day of sobriety back in September 2013...Well here I am. 47 days sober after a year and a half of pretending I was managing my life with alcohol. ..It's hard but I need to see what life is like beyond those 105 days of sobriety. I hope you get through this...For whatever it's worth - I've been crying a lot over the last few days. It sucks and it's overwhelming. Yesterday I had to get out of myself and so I forced myself to go on a long 1.5 hour walk. ..I needed that endorphin rush the walk gave me. It was a natural high. I didn't cry for the rest of the day. I also didn't wake up this morning crying either. ..Today I'm going to an AA meeting in a couple of hours and then I'm going to go for another long walk. ..Hang in there. 
What was suggested to me was real life contact with an account ability partner who is an addict as well. ..Hard to do? Yes. Impossible? No. 
