-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/351f29/i_am_not_drinking_today_no_matter_what_happens/

I am not drinking TODAY only--no matter what happens good or bad and because I choose not to drink today I will not relapse.  In fact this decision is my guarantee against relapse.  I can choose to drink tomorrow but I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Sober in Cleveland!
What is ump day?
That's a great way to look at it.  
Sober here in grey and drizzly central London! Got a nice cool bottle of soda water chilling in the fridge for later might even throw some cranberry juice and lime in there with it!
Happy Wednesday from rainy Montana!  I will not drink today no matter what :)
Sober in Australia been a gorgeous Autumn day. I'm not drinking for the remainder of the day (about to lay my sober head on the pillow) Looking forward to another sober 24 hours
It's windsday in Texas.. Windy and rainy.  Not drinking  nope not gonna do it! 
I'm not going to drink today.
Day three. Calling in from the NYC area. Won't drink today! 
I'm not gonna drink today and I really love this subreddit.
Minnesota not drinking.
I'm in! Sober day in southern Sweden.
Not drinking today no matter what. Grateful for 2 weeks.
I'm in! Checking in from a ridiculously rainy UK. 
Yep I'm in.
Nope...not gonna do it...I'm wait. Today is May 6th? Why this is a perfect day to stay sober all day. I'm in! From Wisconsin.
Not drinking today! Final exam in 2 hours and drinking sure wouldn't help!
I'm on board for 24hrs no alcohol no matter what. I've got 60 days so far thanks to SD and AA because I cannot  do this by myself.
Not drinking today!!
Yep I'm in
I am with you  from Vancouver!  
I'm in from Michigan
Sober today in grey metro Detroit. On my way to 30 days soon.
I'm in.  Double digits ftw.  I feel way too good to turn back now. 
Sober in South Carolina! I will not drink today no matter what.
Oklahoma here not drinking! 
I won't be drinking today either =)
Count me in but damn you get up early ;)
Sober in Oregon!
Sober in Canada &amp; hitting up my favourite AA meeting in a couple hours...Looking forward to this sober Wednesday. 
Sober sober sober today!  
No matter what. Staying true to my new name. 
I got a post-it note saying I'm a rock star this morning so I guess I'll keep moving forward. :)
Keeping sober in Canada. Thanks for being awesome SD. 
Foggy as can be here in Chicago.  No drinking today though this may be one of those take it one hour at a time sort of days instead of take it one day at a time. 
I'm not drinking today either by the gods. No alcohol will touch my lips today.
I'm with you SD brethren!  Will NOT be drinking today.  WILL be having a great and productive way .. somehow. ;)
Day 1 again - I will not drink TODAY.
Embracing sobriety in Austin TX!  Thanks for the invite.
Cloudy rainy and sober here in Denver!
Checking in from London and staying sober!
Sober in SoFl today! 
I'm in. I'm sober. I'm grateful.
Let's do it! :D
Not drinking today in cloudy SoCal! 
No drinking today. I just heard back from a former internet pal who used to be a big poster here. That was nice and I'm hoping to hear back...Checking in from the Washington DC area. It's great to join you all in this effort today.
Sober in Toronto!
Sober in California!
Sober here in the UK. Been a tough couple of mid-life-crisis weeks but I've come out the other end ok(ish) and I'm back here... glad to see the daily thread still going!! .I'm not drinking today I might tomorrow but definitely not today..
Sober in the Okanagan but the sun must have a hangover. 
i'm with you
2 weeks away from 20 years.  Might as well not drink or drug today!
I'm in.
I'm in in ATL :)
Good for you. 
Another sober day in Denmark for me. ..Have a good one everyone!
I've seen this not drinking today mantra on this sub a few times  and I like it. Is it an AA thing?
Sober.
Sober here in Jenks OK.  We can do this!
Rio de Janeiro is a little chilly and rainy but I'll not drink today.
I already failed but I only had a couple beers in the fridge that I drank.  At least it wasn't a pint or so of vodka.
was going to then I found this. not drinking today or at least not for this hour. 
