-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/352nve/i_need_help/

I've been trying to get sober for about 2 years now.  There are times when I want to be sober but after a few months of sobriety I inevitably fall back into hating sobriety.  I crave and I crave it until I eventually cave terrible things happen and I get back on the waterwagon...I just went through the cycle in the past month.  I relapsed and I lost my girlfriend/fiance/bestfriend of 5 years...I'm kicked out of the apartment.  She wants nothing to do with me.  I'm heartbroken.  I don't know if I want sobriety for myself or just for her.  I know drinking causes me all sorts of problems but now I don't see any reason to sober up.  I'm 27 and miserable.  Aren't these supposed to be the best years of my life.  I've been struggling for so long.  I've been feeling suicidal again.  Damn it all.
----------immediate responses--------

well are you going to quit drinking or not? Your choice. ...and if so what are you going to do to ensure you don't think?
The one thing is you can't quit for anyone else.  You have to do it for yourself.  What has been causing you to relapse?  Have you looked into finding help or just doing it yourself?  I needed help to get me through it.  I still do.  I would came clean to those close to me and found some more support.  
Thanks for sharing and welcome. You may just be at the right point to stop and stop for good. I had to get really desperate before I was able to get and stay sober. ..&gt; I know drinking causes me all sorts of problems but now I don't see any reason to sober up. ..I think you're answering yourself. Nothing that causes you all sorts of problems is worth doing. I'm only a year older than you and like you I tried for 2 years with no success. I think I put together 30 some days about 2-3 times in those 2 years. I was depressed and going through all sorts of anxiety issues (all which disappeared when I got sober go figure). I believe the reason I couldn't stay sober was because I wasn't doing anything to try and deal with all the emotions and past issues that I drowned out with alcohol. I also isolated myself terribly which kept me in the vicious cycle. Almost everyone on here will probably tell you how hard and nearly impossible it is to get sober alone. The trick is to find what works for you whether it be AA S.M.A.R.T. counseling/therapy meds church friends + family or a combination of everything. ..I know how much it sucks in the beginning but it's so cathartic and helpful to find others to know what you're going through. It may take some time but being free is totally possible. This really is a one day at time thing. Stay strong + blessings. 
If you want to stop drinking forever there is a solution...If you just want to deal with circumstances and get your life in order for a while then good luck...Can you see that you're dealing with a form of mental/physical illness?
Hi. ..48 days ago my SO &amp; I had a chat about my sobriety. I knew I had a problem and that I needed to do something about it but never did. This conversation spurred me into quitting the next day. ..I was scared of losing her but I knew I needed to quit for a long time before her and it was the first time someone called me out on my alcohol use. ..She broke up with two weeks later for unrelated reasons. It's been fucking tough. And I really had to examine whether I was going to remain sober or whether I should say fuck it and get wasted...For me I would be cheating myself if I continued to drink. It would also cheapen the commitment to wanting a healthy relationship with my SO. Even though we were no longer together I still respected her and I wanted to honour that commitment not just for her but mostly for myself...I've been struggling with the heartache. It's been really tough even a month later. But my thinking in regards to the break up has improved and I've been told that it's better to be going through the pain rather than around it. Better to move on afterwards...I'm glad I spent this time through heartbreak sober. It would have been so much worse for me if I went back to alcohol. You can find the strength within yourself to remain sober too...Good luck. 
I'm sorry for your troubles  man.  Will drinking improve your situation?  At what point will it be enough and you can begin am up swing?  Do you think the pain this has caused will be temporary and you can drink through it and move on? Or will continued drinking bring more pain and consequences that you'll need to drink to Get away from. how far down the rabbit hole do you wanna go? For me things wet always going to get worse as long as I kept drinking.  I'll never have enough.  It will never get easier.  I could quit when I did or continue to fight against experiencing reality and let the pain and difficulty grow.  When I gave up fighting I experienced an incredible freedom.  I hope you find that freedom. 
First thing's first: you have to make a decision. Either you're going to drink or you aren't. Nobody else can make you do either. Wanting and doing are two different things. Do you want to quit? Then make a conscious decision not to. Don't do it to win her/him back. Don't do it to make someone proud. ..Quit because you don't want to live this way anymore. ..Okay so you've made the decision to quit. Now what? Everyone is going to tell you that it's gonna get better. They may or may not be wrong. It usually does get better. Don't kid yourself though dude. In my experience at least it got a hell of a lot worse for a while when I got sober. In some ways it's still harder for me but that's because I expect a lot out of myself(some say too much but I'm far too damned ambitious now that I'm sober to expect less from myself.)..Do it if you're gonna do it and I hope you will. It's fucking hard sure. Most things in life worth doing are. Since I quit drinking(March 2 2014 - at age 27 when my best friend of 14 years/girlfriend of 4 years was sick of my shit and walked out the door) my daily struggle is to attach some sort of meaning to this otherwise seemingly pointless existence. You know what? That's the hardest but most fun part of it all. ..When you're drunk your existence is just that: you're a drunk. What type of shitty existence is that? Sober? Who are you then? You don't fucking know and maybe you never will not completely. You'll surprise yourself. You'll cry. You'll laugh. You'll get frustrated. You'll experience perfect moments of serenity. ..If you need help you have an entire subreddit here. There's AA. I liked meetings for a while. You get a good sense from those people about how to live a sober life and it's from the perspective of people who not only won't judge you...they can't because they understand it. They've done it. ..Good luck OP. 
