-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/357r24/why_do_i_keep_fucking_up/

For the past week I've gotten drunk almost every night.  Before that I went about half a month without drinking.  This relapse I fucked up big time...Usually with my past relapses I eased my way back to rock bottom by drinking a few beers then a lot then to the hard stuff.  This time I went straight for vodka.  I haven't drank since early last morning (around 12 A.M.) and I'm still feeling very shitty.  My head and stomach still hurt a bit and I've been sweating quite a bit...I know I need some kind of help.  I'm not religious but I would consider AA as long it wasn't overtly religious i.e. just stick with just the higher power only and not Jesus Allah Jupiter Thor etc.  Unfortunately there are no SMART meetings and no r/SDLocal for my area and I don't have the money for any outpatient care.  There's another problem with meetings for me.  Even though I haven't diagnosed for it I'm not a very social person and wasn't that way even when I did drink.  I think I may have some form of social anxiety or just socially retarded.  I barely even muster up the courage to post here at SD...I don't what else I can do to fight this.
----------immediate responses--------

I went to AA in spite of my misgivings and anti-religion stance.  It ain't church..Things had to get pretty bad before I was willing to go to any lengths.  Funny thing many of the people at these meetings are socially retarded.   Emotionally immature unaware of boundaries self-centered to the extreme.  Myself included.  But after many many meetings I am still socially awkward uncomfortable sharing squirm in my chair as I listen...the difference is I haven't had/needed/wanted a drink in a very long time...Be dead otherwise.  Doesn't sound like you have much to lose.  Not like they sign you up for subscription/put a ring on your finger or take a deposit.  You can  bail any time you want misery cheerfully refunded...
Because you keep doing the same things. ..Syncretic Pantheism didn't keep me from exploring different recovery options as a Christian. 
If it was me I would try a meeting. Just go see what it's like. You will be in a room of people who understand exactly where you are.  Good luck to you and if you can please check back in here and let us know what you decided to do.
You need to stop fighting actually. Just surrender.You trying to fight it is what keeps getting you drunk. Just give up. Realize you and alcohol equals a lost cause. You want to stop drinking but can't. You keep giving in. This is not a life anyone should have to deal with. ..Let go of the control. Have an open mind and go to a meeting even though you don't want too. I don't like the religious aspect of AA either but you are right substitute the God part for whatever you want. I always looked at it as a power greater then myself.. Meaning something that is beyond my own control. If you want it bad enough and get desperate enough you will just go to a meeting in spite of your hesitations and social fears. you need to start doing things you don't want to do in order to get your life back. It really sucks in the begining but if you give it your all you are destined for a happy free life. I do really really really suggest going to meetings at least in the begining.
