-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/359mjz/7_months_thoughts/

My only go at this and I've gotten this far on my own. SD helps tremendously because I read through posts all the time. I can only speak for myself but I feel like it's a great substitute because I truly never wanted to go to AA. I also didn't want to try SMART or get a sponsor or anything of the sort. I felt like I could do it on my own and I have for the most part. StopDrinking is always there if I ever need perspective. It's truly awesome...What StopDrinking is helping me realize which I doubt I could do on my own is that I'm ~~probably~~ an alcoholic. See I've gotten to 7 months but there's always that sneaky dirty little thought that I'm not an alcoholic. I've seen people post this idea and I've read the counter argument. Non-Alcoholics don't think about drinking like we do. So it's as simple as that...The reason I'm trying to convince myself I'm not an alcoholic is because I truly can resist it. My rational for not being one is that I go out all the time. I place myself in trigger situations at least 3x a week if not more. I never come close to relapsing and that results in the persisting idea that I'm not burdened with the disease. It's always there and going to these environments encourages the notion that I'm not an alcoholic simply because I don't partake. The thing this rational is leaving out? That I am only abstaining really for that one day. It all goes out the window the day I have just one. It doesn't matter how many days I've stayed dry. All that matters is today...I know if I ever break and have just one it will inevitably lead to another. It might not be the first day. I could probably even moderately drink for a month hell maybe a year. I don't know haven't tried it. What I do know is that it will end badly. It doesn't matter how long I can take the tiger out for a walk. Eventually it will get loose and it could very well ruin my life if not end it. That realization is something that is pretty hard to hold on to and requires constant reminder even though I do have the will to resist...So yea I'm doing great. So great that that nasty little idea pesters me. It's really me making things tougher on myself but this subreddit really helps me think outside the box. It's not just the positive posts that help the negative ones do just as much. As unfortunate as some days might be for others their posts really do help people like me. I know that I'm an alcoholic. Maybe I'm an alcoholic for different reasons. I can't say no to people. My anxiety issues and withdrawal being so bad for me that I physically have to jump on the hamster wheel until I fall apart. I don't know if it's the same for others but I do know the end result. So this is me saying thanks. Thanks for always reminding me.
----------immediate responses--------

Interesting post. ..I can relate to a lot of what you're saying here and I think I could probably take the tiger for a walk too- for awhile. But I just can't be bothered with it because it would end badly. Sobriety in a way is so much easier than trying to regulate my drinking...Thanks for posting this and good luck with your continued success.
DUDE!..Thanks for writing my post for me. But not the 3x a week part. :)
Wowza you have summed up so many of my thoughts these days too! I am grateful for this sub and my meetings because I need to constant reminder of how bad it was before I quit. I am also totally fine being around booze...there are no "triggers" anymore. I was thinking yesterday how long it would take me to get back to square one if I attempted moderation. I'd give it 2 months. At most. My life is a million times better now and I need to remember that every day so I remain vigilant. Congrats on your seven months!!!
