-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35m1h1/some_realizations/

I've had some fairly rough weeks throughout my early sobriety. A couple weeks into sobriety my job contract ended due to lack of funding and a few days afterwards my relationship ended because of fear of love and commitment on my ex's part. ..I spent a good month trying not to fall into self-pity and remaining sober. There were so many mornings where I would wake up and cry. All of the emotions really started to hit me 5/6 weeks into sobriety...I applied to jobs I was so confidant I would get. Received an interview and was highly regarded but lost out to another candidate and didn't even receive a call back for the other job. It was humbling because I still believe I have a great resume but it's been eye-opening to see the job landscape where I live now in a smaller city than what I was used to down in Toronto...I spent a good time wondering why I wasn't getting these jobs or angry that my ex ran away immediately after the word 'love' entered the conversation for the first time in our relationship. I spent a lot of time crying. ..I really started to pray hard over the last week and a half. I slowly began to shift my perspective on these situations:..- If I was still working I would be working my ass off. I'm a workaholic. I just finished a 2.5 month job contract and put in over 90 hours of overtime. ..- If I was still in that relationship I would've been committing to her. The free time I would've had away from my job would've been spent with her. ..I started to wonder if perhaps the reason why I didn't get those jobs or other job opportunities haven't come up is because the universe knows I need this time to focus on myself and on my sobriety. Perhaps my ex was right. She's in the program she did have reservations about dating somebody who recently returned to sobriety. I know this was also a likely factor in her decision to end our relationship...Now I find myself a little bit more trusting in the universe that an amazing job opportunity will present itself to me when I am ready for it. I've been feeling a bit more on even footing since coming to these realizations...Today I have my first appointment with a counselor that I hope will go well. I have made friends at AA meetings and have a potential sponsor in mind. Right now I do have a temporary long distance sponsor who is my best friend and she's been clean & sober for 6 years. She's seen me through struggling with drugs back in 2011 she's seen me hit rock bottom and seen me drag myself into treatment in 2013 she's seen me experiment with beer over the last year and a half and now she's seeing me through early recovery. I owe much to her...I have a long way to go but I am feeling better now than I was when I was drinking. And I'm glad I continued to stay sober throughout all of this. It's been tough. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice forward progress /u/karadawnelle.  It sounds like you're taking solid action steps.
I know around my 60-90 day point I had a lot of "DID I GET SOBER FOR THIS??" moments.  I too - prayed- for strength patience and guidance. ..I agree... it sounds like you are hanging tough and doing the right things.  ..Huge grandmotherly-like internet hugs your way. ..You've got this!    
I like your outlook. Keep trusting the "universe"! Once I began to heal and get sober the job the S.O. and everything else feel into place. I believe it will be the same for you. Blessings
This is such a cool post. Sounds like you are doing all the right things and approaching your sobriety with real honesty. I had my own experience with getting a lot of time on my hands unexpectedly when I was trying to get sober. It wasn't what I would have chosen but it certainly was for the best. Funny how these things work out eh?
