-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35oar5/i_cant_even_believe_it/

I never thought I'd be here an entire year with nary a drop of booze in my system. It's been the best year of my adult life by far and even though it hasn't always been easy in general it's been a tranquil and sublimely manageable existence...Today I rewarded myself after work with a stupidly large amp: http://i.imgur.com/bJOkRBk.jpg http://i.imgur.com/022h1lO.jpg..The guy that sold it to me even knocked $75 off what was already an amazing deal. I told him it was my year anniversary of being sober and he talked about his own struggles with alcohol. My heart goes out to him and I hope that perhaps our discussion spurred him on to continue towards sobriety or at least served as a real example that it's an achievable goal...Anyway guys and gals I want to thank every one of you for being here in my times of need and my times of triumph. You've been truly indispensable. I wish you all continued success in your own struggles and an ongoing path filled with the joys that an engaged and desired life brings. Peace be with you.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!! Congrats! And way to go on getting an even better deal and helping out a stranger! 
Happy birthday!
grats on one year! class of 2014! make us proud class of 2015 :)
Great job /u/meltingpine! It's not an easy journey but it's so worth it! Congrats on staying strong! Keep it up!
Congrats!  truly inspiring!
&gt;it's been a tranquil..Not for much longer by the looks of things lol...Happy first soberversary! Maybe you sowed a seed for change in that guy's life too. .
Wow!  I bet you'll enjoy your amp even more knowing it was bought for such a special occasion.  Maybe we should all plan ahead for a soberversary gift.  I made it 10 days only have to do that 35 more times lol.  Just gotta think of something to save up for.  
Congrats! Great story on the discount for the amp. 
Congratulations!!! What a great reward =) (And that is a huge amp!)  .  .Thank you for sharing with us. As someone much earlier in my journey it's so inspiring to hear the stories and successes of all you guys who are much further on. It really reinforces that long term sobriety is a great choice and is a real possibility. 
congrats - this is a big deal - good to see you have learned appropriate rewards.  ..invite to dinosaurs in recovery  on the way...
Great stuff here.  Congratulations 
Enjoy!!  And congrats. 
Awesome. Congrats on the year and keep it up!..Sure your neighbors love that thing. One of my best friends has been sober for 25 years. He played guitar pretty well while he was drinking but after he quit he became absolutely awesome and within the first year or two of being sober picked up several other instruments as well. Now he gives lessons on piano guitar ukelele mandolin and all sorts of other stuff...Anywho... keep it up and rock on!
If I've said it once I've said it a thousand times...Amps make EVERYTHING better!!!!!..Congrats!
Wow that's some huge amp!!! Congratulations!
Congratulations on the amp!  And even more congrats on the year.  ..I've been playing music for about 10 years... self-taught.  Since giving up alcohol I've put way more time into learning my instrument.  I'm able to concentrate longer and retain way more information.  ..More importantly I made the decision that I wanted to improve at a faster rate and decided to sign up for lessons.  I have the first one tonight.  I think for me this is a huge step as asking for help has always been difficult for me.  Now I'm not only asking for it but paying for it.  I'm ready to learn and interact as opposed to using the guitar as a distraction...I also went on a little gear buying spree and grabbed a new guitar as a little reward.  Even with the guitar purchase I'm still ahead $$-wise if I had estimated my drinking at $10/day (which I think may be a low estimate as I was a beer snob).  That being said I'm so much happier with my investment in myself and my guitar then I could have ever been from drinking...In closing... turn that amp up to 11 and rage out!  Congratulations again and keep up the great work!.
Congratulations and peace be with you too!
That is a nice amp! Good job!
Well done! Keep up the good work.
Tranquil and manageable really sum it up well. Congratulations on your first year. 
Yay! Congrats!!
Wow turn that machine up to 11! ..What kind of guitars do you have? I have two Gibson SG's. I definitely need a Marshall half-stack myself. ..Congrats on your one year!! 
Congrats on that mega sex box! That thing is sweet and I hope you enjoy every moment of the buzz off a Drop D better than any alcohol that has ever existed! GO YOU! .p.s. Now I want to match your goal! You inspire the hell out of me!
Congratulations on one year! Keep it up!
