-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35ogi0/21f_after_way_too_long_i_want_this_to_endi_need/

TL;DR  I've been drunk for the past 5 years of my life feel like I'm dying in every way I'm quitting this shit and need advice on how i should go about it- I would like to maybe see a therapist my mom suggested a short rehab stay but i'm not sure whats right....hello all I've realized that I really really want and NEED to stop drinking and I'm just going to give an explanation here of my current situation right now and a little background in hopes that I can receive some suggestions of what steps to take and what options I have. Please try to bear with this weird sentence structure and generally shitty writing you're dealing with here I just need to get this out there..Also you're about to read a whole bunch of stupid and embarrassing shit that I hate myself for and I hate to admit but hey it happened and I'm terrified of what is going to happen if I can't stop. Im certain that i have already done permanent damage to my body and i don't even want to think of what will happen to me in the future so i have to do this.....i'm fairly new to reddit and have just been entertaining myself browsing and i stumbled upon r/stopdrinking a few weeks ago. I was reading just for fun or whatever at first but i was really surprised that there was such a welcoming community for this kind of thing. I could relate with a lot of the stories and thought hey maybe I could share mine.. My drinking has really caught up with me in these past few months and I've done a lot of thinking and decided to see if anyone here could listen and help...I have never really been able to drink reasonably ever to be honest. the first time I messed around with any kind of substance I was 14 still in middle school and I got absolutely obliterated and high off painkillers at a party. I lost my virginity that night (consensually) and I think that what was started off my first bout of depression and anxiety. This didn't effect me long-term at all just kind of kicked off my self destructiveness which was a pretty steady thing from that age on... I honestly have no complaint about my childhood or growing up/family life etc. My parents are still together and I've never had any serious family drama or issues whatsoever. We have never had to worry about money I didn't have to get a job until after I graduated and even now they still allow me to live at home with them and don't give me a hard time about it ever. I work now and pay for my own shit but if i ever needed financial support there's no question that it would be there. This just makes me feel even shittier that I let all of this happen...Basically throughout high school I hung out with kids who liked to party and do all kinds of shit so that made it easy for me to get messed up all the time and had people to do it with. I would also drink secretly though. No matter what I would always find some way to get my hands on it whether it be stealing from the local CVS or my parents I remember almost always having booze and I would regularly drink during the school day and on school days after school. i should mention I still don't and never had my license so I've never had to worry about driving or getting a DUI. I probably don't even have to say this but I got horrible grades and didn't even end up graduating on time because I skipped class so much. I did this all throughout high school beginning to end and the drinking goes on far beyond that. When my friends and I would go to parties I would often be the one to overdo it. I found out quickly that  i had kind of a naturally (i think not sure how that works) high tolerance to alcohol and I continued all of these habits so my tolerance grew stronger. I would drink a pint and some diet coke and just be chill drunk. On a night that I wanted to get wasted I could easily finish a fifth of vodka to myself and then the beers after that would bring me to blackout. I didn't really realize this fully until I got my first MIP (minor in possession) and the cop warned me that with my size and Blood alcohol level I shouldn't be walking around and coherent. I'm 5 feet tall and at the time a little under 110 lbs. (I'm closer to 120 now :P) My B.A.C was .24. He warned me that that meant trouble or something blah blah. Same thing happened a few years later when I got my second and last MIP - same deal same lecture that I blew about the same and I was (well I felt) sobered up by then. I never gave this a thought at all. I Didn't even realize I had a problem until like two years later. ..flash forward to me the summer after graduation- 2012. I didn't graduate on time but i did get accepted to a university under the conditions that I complete a bridge program which is pretty much a month summer school just at the university kind of preparing you for the fall. I was also doing summer school to complete my last HS class. I'm totally hopeless overwhelmed and depressed but I continue with everything including the binge drinking..I guess what happened next I would call a suicide attempt I was very low and I just wanted to end everything and I saw no hope in sight. I ordered my last meal a pizza ate and sat in my room and swallowed a shit load of aspirin (I think it was aspirin).got sick as fuck throwing up blood had to go to the E.R. they took care of me and I just kind of went home a day or two later and laid in bed for a few days. My mom never asked me too much about it and all i heard from my dad was overhearing him joking to my brother that I was just looking for attention and that I would be out with my friends like nothing happened soon enough (or something along those lines. fucking thanks dad.).I guess i did get over it except not really just kind of suppressed it but anyways ..My first year of university was alright still drinking consistently enough that i got pretty poor grades despite my easy classes pretty sure i was on academic probation or whatever but i was allowed to come back in the fall. ..The following year was when I met my current boyfriend who is an absolute angel. I'm certain that I wouldn't be alive had it not been for him. I was a little more aware now that my drinking was out of hand and he doesn't drink much at all so at first I tried to be normal about drinking and not let him see me in one of my periods of being a drunk retard. This backfired and after a few months my drinking actually worsened. Not really sure why but I would have good days/weeks and then that one night or day i would just get fucked up and it sends everything spiraling. That was not a good feeling when he saw me a blacked out mess for the first time. Even worse is that by now he's seen me in the absolute worst state so many times i couldn't even count. I know that this past semester his grades have struggled because he has had to miss something important to pick me up from wherever or stay with me and keep an eye on me.by the end of that years winter semester I was failing out and got suspended from the university and had lost my job as a student assistant...This past summer and fall I had been drinking more than ever. Just so many pints of vodka. Most of it hidden and drinking alone. .There was even this time period also that I've kind of suppressed because I don't think my boyfriend could look at me the same where I was knowingly allowing one of my dads handy men to creep on me because he would always show up at the house with some pints and a little weed. At first I didn't even ask for it although I knew that he probably would buy me some liquor. I've known the dude my whole life. He would leave me stuff all the time and then sometimes he would want me to 'come give him a hug' (shudders). Every next time the hug would be more grabby and creepy he would want more say things like he wanted pictures or wanted to do sexual things and I would just kind of shrug it off and laugh but feel disgusting inside but hey it was free booze literally delivered to my house and i needed it. So I would just get drunk enough that I didn't have to feel bad about myself or feel anything really. This eventually ended one day when my mom came home to work to me 'napping' in bed and I was passed out enough that she snooped through my phone (she is the only one who has known that I have a problem way before I knew i had a problem so this kind of thing is normal for her and never surprised me I would just be like psh mom i'm a college aged kid it's normal. wrong-o) and saw super creepy texts from him that i was ignoring and flipped a shit. I deleted the conversation like I do alot and since i had been asleep i hadnt replied so it was all messages from him and none from me. She made sure he didn't ever come around the house again and I dont even want to think what that situation would have escalated to had that not happened...anyways during this time I had an okay-ish job as a hostess (i'm very introverted so customer service even when i'm trying my hardest it just doesn't come naturally to me so this was exhausting and i had to be drunk to talk to people) and even shittier job washing dishes and serving food in a nursing home. I would just drink all the time pretty much had to be buzzed to do anything. I started to feel sick a lot..I have been used to getting REALLY bad hangovers to the point where its beyond a hangover but I was starting to get sick from being in a perpetual state of drunkness - just out of breath shakes exhausted all the time etc. So i visited the doctor and she took some blood tests. They came back that there was something wrong with my liver I can't remember what exactly. A few weeks later on halloween my boyfriend and I are sleeping and I start to have a seizure in the middle of the night. He wakes up and wakes me up I was so out of it for the longest time that the EMTs showing up and the next days in the hospital were fuzzy..The doctors gave me an MRI and  a bunch of other tests but nothing really showed up. I never told them that I was drinking but I am pretty sure it was caused by alcohol withdrawals. I did mention that i had taken my generic brand adderall so i guess they just assumed thats what caused it. .EDIT: Speaking of the adderall i abused the everloving fuck out of that RX - ive been prescribed different forms of ADD medication since about 6th grade. Not for the high wasnt ever really a fan of upper-type highs (although every time I've tried coke i loved it - ughh ) because I have pretty bad anxiety but taking some would a.) always trigger my alcohol cravings HARD. Like I would search my house high and low until i found some wine or anything and b.) it would allow me to push through drinking past a point where I would have passed out- for instance if i was going out at night I could drink way more and stay up all night with everyone else who was drinking a reasonable amount. I think that this really helped along the addiction. It would also allow me to not eat which as a lot of you know eating when you've been basically drunk for days is not appealing at all and quite the inconvenience. ..In december I got a job doing something that actually doesn't suck doing secretarial work in a small law firm. As usual I have been doing the regular - some days and even weeks are okay but then I'll get trashed and have all of that horrible feeling and regret and sickness. Last wednesday i got really fucked up- went out for drinks with some friends and when i got home of course a couple martinis alone wasn't doing the trick so i pull out a pint of vodka from under my bed and do my thing. I stayed up really late drinking like i do a lot. the next day I'm still drunk and feeling real shitty. I go to work and leave to pick up some lunch sit at the bar and order a beer while i wait for the food. when I'm back at work my boss sees me and knows somethings up and suggests i go into one of the back offices used for storage- there's one with a couch- and just to chill out for a while. I did and after I woke up still pretty out of it my boyfriend picked me up and I get the normal from him- he's disappointed I can tell but he's so used to me being like this at this point. But I'm kinda fucked or so i thought with work so that makes it more concerning. .I wake up the next morning at my boyfriends apartment with the worst hangover. I just knew for some reason that I could not go on like this any longer and the whole weekend was hell. The shakes so bad that i couldn't even eat with utensils and they lasted two days. My whole body is aching and I'm sweating and short of breath. I'm also dying from the stress of the fact that I'm probably out of a job. I lay in bed pretty much all weekend and it's kind of an unsaid but known thing whats going on with me so my bf just lets me do my thing. Thankfully I've talked to my boss since then and he's agreed to let me come back to work once I've gotten my life in order basically. ..I know now that i was and am pretty much an alcoholic and I'm ready to admit to myself and admitted to my mother today that I need to stop and I think that i need some outside help perhaps from a professional. I just want to be happy and stop setting myself back and wasting any more precious years. I want to be a healthy person and a good person. I don't want to feel physically ill all the time anymore. I want to be able to help myself and others and no longer be a burden. ..I want to see my doctor and see what damage has been done and maybe see a behavioral therapist or something my mom suggested a short rehab (Brighton michigan specifically) But i'm not sure if that's right for me or where to go from where..any suggestions advice or encouragement is greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like rehab might be very helpful. It can be a great way to get started. 
if you haven't already you might check out the Saturday Shares (link on right side bar) to see what has worked for others. i think [this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wz6o5/heres_my_story_its_on_the_youtubes/) in particular might be really good for you and it's in video form which is quite nice
I've read your story and I absolutely understand your path with alcohol. Start with day one... Do whatever it takes. Fill your stomach with food. Everyone starts somewhere. Find activities. I personally picked up my skateboard first time in 6 years (26 now) and just decided to hit up the local skatepark. Try excersizing if you don't already. Surround your self with people that will uplift you.   do whatever it takes just to not. it's okay to be upset just as much as its okay to be happy. PM me if you want/need someone to talk too :)
One line made me laugh it was the "pretty much an alcoholic" part. Before I got sober I would not say the word alcoholic without adding something. I was a "heavy drinker" a "functioning alcoholic" etc...I'm not laughing at you I am laughing at myself and the verbatim conversations I used to have in my be data night...In my first AA meeting I actually said "hi I am ____ and I am an alcoholic." I think that was the first time I admitted it and made feel a lot better...I still go to meetings and just saying "I am alcoholic" over and over is one of the best learning tools I have learned. Rehab sounds like a good plan but before that even happens try an AA meeting you might some things from that will help the rehab program...Good luck! Stay sober!
Do rehab! It's the BEST way to get started! You'll be assigned a drinking history which you already nailed. In the meantime look up an AA meeting in your area! People are usually friendly but shop around until you find "home." Also: with AA it will be a lot at first lots of catchphrases and things people recite in unison...it's not a cult its reinforcement. Just keep going and every morning just say "Not today alcohol." If you have any questions pm me. I work in the field and I used to be one helluva drunk. You're gonna do well if you're willing to work hard. My name is Pat and I am an alcoholic. I don't miss it I don't even think about it and my life is pretty rad.
I think a medically assisted detox with rehab may be the best first steps. Talk to your doctors. Form a plan and follow it. You got this! You're so young with so much life ahead. And the bf sounds great too! ..I've tried getting sober without help in the past. It just didn't work for me. I thought I'd been broken before. Nope. It wasn't until I admitted I was an alcoholic and that I needed help to get sober that I truly felt no pride. I had to relinquish control of my life to stop drinking. I had to have somebody help me. That moment is now letting me regain control. Here's to not drinking tonight.
Inpatient rehab with a medically supervised detox...ASAP...Good luck.  Life can be so much better!
It's hard to admit all of this to ourselves. It's brave of you to come here and share it to all of us. My story is similar to yours in many ways. It sounds like you're really lucky to have a strong support system - your parents your boyfriend and your boss. It sounds like if you can remove the situations/people that are reinforcing your drinking that you could have a great base of support to continue strong with sobriety.  .I think whether or not rehab is for you is a very personal decision. It could be a really great way to start off on the right foot with sobriety. It will force you to be in a sober environment with others who have gone through similar situations. Not to mention it may help you get started with AA or other programs and resources that will help you continue your sobriety once you leave rehab. So it may be a really great choice for you. I also think therapy is really a valuable choice and has been incredibly helpful for me.  .Welcome to SD! You can do this - and when it's difficult remember that you can turn to your strong support in those you love and to us =)
