-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35pzo3/day_10_and_a_question/

Managed to get through my first week. The shakes have subsided and the headache has gone away. Ive found that focusing even more on my golf game has helped along with talking to my wife and spening more time with her nearby in the evenings (we built lego and started playing World of Warcraft together). ..I find i dont wake up at 3am anymore unable to get back to sleep though every night i dream about drinking. ..A question we are going to a friends birthday party on sunday. I know there will be alcohol there and i know it will be offered to me. What tools have you used to stop relapsing in these situations?
----------immediate responses--------

In early days I didn't go.
Don't go. Surely your wife can represent for the both of you? Claim illness if you need an excuse - you *are* sick and trying to get better. Early sobriety is not a time to be putting yourself in situations where others will be drinking and you'll be offered booze...People who make it to long term sobriety tend to be those who put their sobriety first.
I too avoided a lot things in my first year.   Family picnic's parties golf tournaments - all triggering places that I just couldn't handle.
I wouldn't go.
If you don't think you can say no just yet don't go.  But if you're confident and want to give yourself more assurance about your decision go with the attitude that you will politely say no to any offer of alcohol and just drink soda/water/juice...The dreams will go away eventually.  You are doing the right thing by keeping yourself occupied.  Good luck and stay strong!
First off congrats!  Days 10-60 were pivotal days for me you feel clean and like you can handle a beer or two without relapsing but that's like 99% likely not the case....Designated driver on meds and can't drink taking a break from booze started working out/running and don't want to mess that up have to work on a work project when we get home or early tomorrow morning have been getting bad headaches lately from even one beer have a Dr. appt. tomorrow morning and they're doing a blood test trying to lose weight etc.  I went with designated driver for weddings/special occasions and for picnics and the like I just told them I quit drinking for my health at least for now which I personally knew was forever because I'm not the type who can have just one.  The times I told them I had a work project they would often tell me it's just one beer and I would remind them that with me it's never just one beer and they would laugh and agree then rescind the offer.  Whatever you do remember to look to beyond the party to the following day/week/etc. not short term some juice with ice and you'll be thanking yourself for not giving in when you leave the party.  It's not easy but at day 10 you got this beat physically just need to keep beating it mentally and you can do that as long as you be real with yourself.  If you can't be real with yourself then don't go.
If you feel like you HAVE to go just remember that just because booze is offered doesn't mean you have to accept. Grab a Coke or water or something and carry it around with you (to stop people from constantly asking you if you want a drink). How easy that will be for you is something only you can answer but if you're in doubt I'd probably ditch the party.
Common wisdom is if you aren't commfortable meaning if you aren't sure of your ability to say no don't go...However if you do go best to have a plan. Make sure you have an exit plan if you need to cut and run. Make sure anyone you are with knows this and is okay with it. Have a prepared response for turning down drinks practice and use it. If it was me I would go to the party with a water bottle filled with something else you want to drink and keep it closer to filled than not. I find it easier to turn down a drink when you already have one in your hand "nah I'm good right now but thanks" as you motion with your bottle. This won't work as well If you get offered a shot though so think about that if people are going to take shots.
If your friend doesn't know about your decision to stop drinking and support your sobriety I wouldn't go...Congrats on 10 days!
Depends how strong you are feeling! If you will be tempted: don't go. If you are feeling solid in your resolve it can also be a good thing to go to social gathering w alcohol. What I learned very quickly after deciding to stop is that most people don't care whether you drink or not and nobody drinks as much as you thought they did.
Always have another beverage choice in your hand like pop or water. Practice the phrase "I'm good thanks." If anyone pressures you  stand them down or leave. Under no circumstance is it OK to have a drink...If you don't feel able to do that don't go.
Yeah  better to find something else to do.  Don't go.  Given the fact that you are here  I do have a feeling that you know what to do.  But you need confirmation. ..So there it is: no don't go. 
