-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35rhf1/im_struggling_to_keep_my_thinking_healthy/

I'm into my third week sober and in general terms very dedicated and very pleased with sober living.  I'm leaving this Saturday for a week long vacation with the wife to Aruba.  A week ago I felt like this would be no sweat; however as the date draws closer I can feel that little devil in my ear.  "It's vacation this is an exception" type of self talk.  My intellect is very pleased with the thought of going on vacation and coming back refreshed instead of played out; but the party side of my brain wants to cut loose.  What I'm learning about myself is that a reason I've become an alcoholic is because I feel kind of uncomfortable in my own skin.  I'm deeply introspective and very self conscience unless I've had a few.  Once the booze kicks in all that self doubt just melts away and it is such a relief.  I know now that I need to work on embracing my authentic self; accepting what I think is healthy for me (or "just me") and working to correct that which is destructive...Anyway no real questions for y'all.  I just wanted to make myself accountable publicly as a way of reinforcing my resolve to take my first sober vacation since I became an adult.  Thanks SDers I appreciate having this outlet! ..Edit: I appreciate the comments about local meetings; however I should say that I am not involved with nor do I care to become involved with AA.  I understand that it works for many but for me I'm not interested.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you take it easy and enjoy your first sober adult vacation! What do you have in place to support your sobriety during your trip? ..Tell that voice to do one whenever it speaks it's real sneaky!
I remember early on when that voice had so much power! Sometimes it would be the smallest whisper of "you'll only have one" that would lead me to a 5 day binger. I still hear that voice once in a while. The only difference is now I can laugh at it. Enjoy your vacation!
Plan out your meetings ahead of time there's no reason you can't have fun on vacation and stay sober hell you might even make a new friend! "But they probably don't have meetings" yes they do look it up and don't make excuses. It's your life dude you get to decide how much you value it!
[Aruba AA](http://www.visitaruba.com/about-aruba/general-facts/aameetings-aruba/)
Good insights. :)
What you really deserve is an amazing sober vacation! Think how many wonderful memories you can make that would be washed away with booze. Can you ask your wife for a little help when the little devil kicks its voice back in? Or write a list of reasons you're sober and keep it in your wallet and pull it out every time you wanna drink. Enjoy your vacation =) It sounds great. 
You've had those vacation nights of drinking you've been there done that. ..Take the path unknown  and stay sober and see this through.  ....
