-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/362chi/it_gets_better/

I don't have a lot of sobriety but I wanted to post this because these were the type of post I needed when I was in my early days like the first week...I am motivated to quit drinking because I struggle with anxiety. I used alcohol as a short term solution that only made my anxiety worse in the long run...I still struggle with anxiety but has had more and more moments and now days with minimal anxiety. I found myself singing in the car yesterday happy and focused on getting home to my dogs cats and spouse...The more sobriety time I have the better I feel. There are lots of things outside of my control but not drinking allows me to cope better...Wishing people in early sobriety warm wishes and kudos to all people quitting drinking. We are worth it!
----------immediate responses--------

This is great to read!  I struggle with anxiety a lot too and sometimes it feels like something is buzzing around in my head until I finally decide to drink.  I was hoping it would get better
Great post. I struggle with anxiety too and always have. It's ironic that the thing that leads many of us to seek relief in alcohol is actually made much worse by the booze. That horrible crawling feeling of doom when you wake up is something I remind myself about when the cravings hit. I still have anxiety but nothing like I had after a bender. These days it's all about meditation and yoga...things that don't make me vomit for hours and wake up in a trembling heap...Congrats on 52 days of sobriety! Thanks for posting this.
My anxiety has decreased substantially since I quit drinking. I remember waking up thinking about how my drinking was killing me. It feels good to be free.
Really appreciate you posting this.  Thanks for taking the time.
Indeed.  Nice work!!
&gt;The more sobriety time I have the better I feel. There are lots of things outside of my control but not drinking allows me to cope better...Yes!!!  :)..Thanks for posting!
Awesome post Deedee!..It's great that you remember what meant a lot to you early on and are able to return the favour...Thanks for that.
Nice work.  My anxiety also lowered a LOT when I quit feels good doesn't it?
Thanks!
Great post!  I think for a lot of us the main reasons for drinking are anxiety depression and boredom.  In my case it was generally a mix of all 3...The thing is drinking is what was causing all 3!  I was generally anxious about things I'd done drunk or responsibilities I'd shirked because of drinking.  I was depressed because of damages I did to my life - mostly with relationships - from drinking.  I was usually bored because I planned on being drunk.  I was getting to the point where I wouldn't make big plans for weekend days because I KNEW I'd be hung over.  So instead I'd make no plans be hungover and bored and get drunk to "cure" the hangover and falsely cover up my boredom.....While all 3 aren't completely gone after my month of sobriety I can definitely say that I'm significantly less anxious - because I'm sorting out my shit.  I'm less depressed because I don't have to wake up and wonder who I pissed off or what stupid things I might've done and said the night before.  And I'm less bored because I plan fun things for the weekend like golfing hiking biking and so on.  I can only do that because I know I'm not going to be hung over and I want to live my life to the fullest now that I'm back in control!..Anyways I'm rambling a bit.  Sorry.  Your post spoke to me.  Singing in the car and feeling happy is such a great thing that I didn't have a month ago :)..Congrats on 52 days!  You're more than half way to triple digits!  Whoop!
