-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/369hyi/the_day_ive_given_up_hope/

This weekend was supposed to be great. I had an out of town training that I was really looking forward to. My husband was staying home with the kids. He planned on driving them a few hours away for a hike and camping. ..I was sitting at the award ceremony at my training. Proud of the fact that I'm still sober and completely happy without drinking even when surrounded by alcohol. I received a text message saying "I was just pulled over" I had just printed our insurance cards so I asked "did you get a ticket?  I left the insurance on the table" the next message said "I'm sorry" my heart sunk. I thought I was going to vomit. 15 minutes later I got a call saying he was arrested for DUI his truck was impounded and my children would be at the sheriff station and needed picked up. I was 3 1/2 hrs away. CPS picked my children up and took them to a foster home until I could arrive. ..CPS took my children. I have remained 100% sober since August of 2013. My husband quit the same day but has really struggled. He's depressed and unhappy with life. I suspected my husband drank occasionally and hid it. I never in my wildest dreams thought he would drink with our children in the vehicle. NEVER. ..I immediately left my training and drove to get my children. Apparently I passed the background check and that was why I was able get them. My husband will be in jail until Monday. Our truck should be available for pick up tomorrow (today in a few hrs. I haven't been to sleep yet. It's 3:30 AM) ..This is technically his 3rd DUI. Only the 2nd one that "counts". A month ago he was released from a 1 year program that took 3 to complete. 2 days before that release he wrecked our vehicle. I believe he was drunk at the time. .I now know I have done everything I can to support my husband and everything I could to save my marriage. ..There is visitation at the jail tomorrow. I will unfortunately be telling him at while I'm strong enough to put up with things I shouldn't have to I can not and will not stand by when our children are in danger. I will be ending my marriage tomorrow. 10 years. My best friend. My unsavable-self-destructing husband who I know feels horrible about it. His words to me were "get the children and you just worry about them. Take care of our kids" I have repeatedly said I wouldn't put up with drinking and definitely not drunk driving.  He knows what's coming I'm sure. I still feel like a horrible person for it. ..I'm sharing a hotel bed with my kids now. CPS wants to contact me in the morning for "more information" I have a good working relationship with a very talented lawyer who is aware of this situation already (he was at the training) and has assured me I'll be fine as far as CPS goes and he is willing to represent me if not.  ..Maybe I'm a wicked person for telling him I will not continue our marriage while he's still in jail. He knows it's coming. I truthfully have no idea what happens next. So many questions and unknowns. Do I get an apartment?  Do I stay at our home and ask him to leave?  The biggest one is "why? Why can't you stop being so destructive?  Why could I quit and he reaches the point he drives winding mountain roads in the rain drunk with our children?" I know it's different for everyone but I've heard "I finally understand I cant drink. This time I'm done". I no longer believe it. ..Today is the day. I'm terrified and extremely relieved at the same time. I still won't be drinking. I constantly worried that CPS would be called when I was drunk every day. This is never how I imagined them entering my life. I thought any situation like this was behind me. ..I will never give up on my sobriety. One of the first things I was told when I joined stop drinking was that I had to be responsible for my recovery and my recovery alone. I can no longer continue to think I can save him. If I'm a sober and hard working parent why would I continue to allow my children to be influenced by alcohol? I made the decision that alcohol is part pf my past and today is the date I make sure it stays there. No matter how much it hurts. ..(I fell asleep mid post it's now 7:15 am and my thoughts or feelings have not changed. Please excuse if rambling or completely misspelled and jumbled. I'm on a phone.) .... ..Today is the day I'm giving up on my marriage but it's also the day I make a positive change for my family.  
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's a lot in a short amount of time. It sounds like a really hard decision to make but you are being very thoughtful about it.  I'm just glad you have all the tools you need to get through this now (lawyer etc) and stay sober. I think remaining true to yourself and your feelings is key and will also keep you sober. But that doesn't mean it will be easy!
Sorry that sounds like a really tough situation to be in. A couple things struck me when reading this.....&gt;why? Why can't you stop being so destructive? Why could I quit and he reaches the point he drives winding mountain roads in the rain drunk with our children?..I too share that sentiment. I don't know if it's having been sober for a couple years now but it just seems foreign to me that I truly couldn't stop. And yet I know that's the case and that it is for many people. I can't make sense of why some people get it and some don't but like you said: all we have to go on is the face value of our actions in the present...&gt;I will never give up on my sobriety. One of the first things I was told when I joined stop drinking was that I had to be responsible for my recovery and my recovery alone...It sounds like you're doing the right thing for your family despite the difficult circumstances. We're all responsible for ourselves individually but places like this are where we can draw support motivation and courage.
I'm so sorry you're having to go through all of this. Alcoholism is such a horrible disease. It sounds like you've made a heroic effort to save your marriage but I don't think you can save the relationship if your husband won't save himself. Your children deserve to be physically and emotionally safe and that is not possible when living with an active alcoholic. ..I imagine you've heard this many times before but have you given al-anon a serious try? That program can help tremendously by teaching you how to detach from your husband's behavior while still loving him. I have also found it helpful to my own sobriety.
I'm sorry for what you're going through. ..On the possibility that this is too much too fast you know that you don't have to tell him what the plan forward is now. You're under duress and you're doing extremely well to protect your kids and make your way through the process. On top of that initiating the process of ending the marriage right now today isn't something you *have* to do. That can come at any time of your choosing. ..Keeping him from endangering your children is a painful responsibility. Hang in there.
I will keep you and your family in my prayers please know we are here for you. You are not drinking over this which shows how incredibly capable you are to handle this level of crazy but you don't have to do it alone. Please lean on your sober support whenever you need to and take it one day at a time. Deep breaths it is all going to be okay :)
I'm sorry to hear that you're going through all of this. ..I just wanted to say that I think you're doing a good thing by seeing how destructive your husband's drinking continues to be for your children...My mom finally sobered up after many many years and decided to leave my father when I was 16. Fifteen years later she continues to be the only sober parent and I'm really grateful for her commitment to being a sober parent for us kids. I love my father but he's been putting us through hell for years. ..Good luck to you and your family. 
You sound like such a compassionate person who wants her marriage to work out. I really feel for you because you are in an absurdly tough place where you don't want to hurt the person you love and chose to spend your life with. However given what you've written I think you are doing the right thing by putting your kids and your own health before your marriage. As much as it hurts that's the order your priorities have to be in. .&gt;One of the first things I was told when I joined stop drinking was that I had to be responsible for my recovery and my recovery alone...Very true I think...Sending positive vibes your way. Really hope you find some peace of mind soon and figure out the next course of action. You are sober and a loving mother. I think you'll get through this even if it sucks beyond belief.
I'm so sorry to hear that reach out to as much sober support as you need during this time. ..Some advice from [7 months ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h20sx/why_cant_it_be_as_easy_for_him_as_it_was_for_me/) that is enduringly relevant today from /u/majordelay6791 even if the removal becomes more than just an emotional one..&gt;Not to sound preachy but each alcoholic is an alcoholic in their own way. My spouse and I both got sober but on very different agendas and time lines...&gt;You cannot take any responsibility for His drinking or choices and the suggestion for al-anon is a good one...&gt;His drinking is causing You grief. Until it causes him to hit bottom he very well may not stop despite his best intentions..I had to let my husband deal with his own consequences once I sobered up up to watching him fall down the basement stairs lose and/or crash cars pass out in inappropriate places and much much more...&gt;To keep your cool and your sanity you have to remove yourself emotionally from His drinking problem or it will make You sick mentally emotionally even physically...&gt;All I did was keep going to MY meetings and protecting my Own sobriety. I made no excuses for him or his behavior.
Keep your head up. Your heart is in the right place. Sometimes drunks need to feel some consequences so this may be a wake up call for your husband. You may never have the same relationship again but hopefully he can be there for your children at some point in the future. You sound like a really strong woman making the right choice for your children even if not the easy one...More will be revealed. Sometimes the worst things in my life turned out to be blessings in disguise. Good luck.
Hi and sorry for what you are going through.  ..I truly admire your strength and decisions putting yourself and your children first!!!  Please keep it up...Good luck!!!
Really sorry to hear you're having such a rough time.  I also feel terribly for your husband as it sounds like he's hitting a new - and very low - bottom...One thing you said struck me a little bit..&gt;why? Why can't you stop being so destructive? Why could I quit and he reaches the point he drives winding mountain roads in the rain drunk with our children?..&gt; I've heard "I finally understand I cant drink. This time I'm done". I no longer believe it. ..That's the nature of the disease.  When your husband has said that in the past he really means it.  I think most alcoholics have been there at least a few times before successfully getting sober.  The nature of alcoholism is that we have a very tough time maintaining that mindset in the face of a powerful addiction...Addiction is just like other mental illnesses - except in the way society views them.  And just like other mental illnesses some people get more sick than others.  Some respond better to certain therapies than others.  Some are better able to deal with the illness than others.  Some recover.  Some don't...If two clinically depressed people live together and both decide to start a new therapy.  If one responds very well to the therapy and recovers from the depression and the other doesn't respond as well and stays depressed we don't hold it against the person who didn't respond and recover.  The person who recovered may well decide that they can't live with their still depressed partner anymore because it's affecting their own recovery from depression or because they feel themself or their family is in danger (as in your situation).  But the "I got better so why can't you" thinking isn't exactly fair.  It's the nature of the disease...Don't get me wrong I think you're making the right decision.  It's most important that you stay sober and your kids stay safe - in a sober environment with you.  Your husband made a very very poor decision (a result of his addiction) and he's going to have to deal with the consequences.  I hope this bottom - losing marriage kids and getting jail time - is enough to drive your husband to find whatever support he needs to get and stay sober.  If it's not his next bottom will be much lower...I hope my response doesn't come off in any unintended way.  I really feel for you and wish you the best of luck with these difficult decisions.  Put your kids and yourself first for sure!  Hang in there.  Better days are ahead
Alanon /r/alanon here will I believe be of some help...I am here to affirm your boundaries are absolutely appropriate driving drunk with the kids - is so far past the line that "I'm sorry"  does not even come within three timezones of being real.  Maybe when he has 639 days sober - and the recovery to match - he will be able to ask for a bit of trust.  ..Get help for yourself and the kids he's got to find his own way out of the swamp. (and it's not on your back)
Sorry JSS.  I hope it helps a little knowing SD is there with you. 
Oh my goodness. I really hate hearing about events like this. This is such an intensely horrible experience and I can't imagine what you are going through.  ..Your husband is a very sick man and this sickness has placed your well-being and most importantly your children's safety at risk. If there's anything at all to be grateful for in this mess it's that there wasn't a wreck and nobody was hurt.  ..I think you know what you have to do here. You're taking sole responsibility for your welfare and the welfare of the kids. This is going to be tough really tough and you know it. Please surround yourself with supportive people.  ..You've done everything you can up until now. He can't stay in the picture. You did everything right and it's up to him now. He won't be the first alcoholic that lost everything because of drinking. Some of us just don't recover as sad as that is.  ..My best advice to you at this point is to make a plan but not implement anything until the emotions settle down a bit. Also I recommend that you lawyer up. This is going to be a very complicated situation to untangle and you're going to need someone with an unbiased viewpoint and a knowledge of the legal issues.  ..I really want to thank you for posting this and in particular one line of your post:  ..**"I will never give up on my sobriety."**  ..As shitty as this situation is that one line might have saved someone's life here. Thanks again.
&gt;I'm terrified and extremely relieved at the same time. ..This is how I felt when I ended my marriage though we separated first and divorced close to a year later.  While I was willing and (unfortunately) able to take the harmful behavior I was not willing to allow our children to continue to be harmed.  ..Taking that stand and saying "Stop.  No more!" and following up with real action is the most powerful thing I could have done for my well being and that of my children.  ..You are not a wicked person you are not to blame.  You are a strong woman a sober mother -- these are gifts that your children can only benefit from during this difficult time.  I admire your bravery and your honesty...Therapy has helped me and my children work through the tangle of feelings that come with divorce.  I hope you all get the support you deserve as you move through this...
You're doing the right thing. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this but you should be proud of yourself for having the strength of will to be a great sober parent to your children even when faced with depressing and draining unbidden and unwelcome circumstances. ..We're here for you keep on keepin' on. Though it's not easy now this path leads to a better place.
Man I'm sorry.  ..But take it slow.   I don't know you're history but you say you both had a problem with alcohol.  Sounds like you're getting better more quickly than he.  ..No need for huge decisions today.  ..I hope this is all firmly in your rear view mirror ASAP......
Good work on maintaining your sobriety sorry your husband is a trainwreck. 
As an adult child of a family of alcoholics thank you for recognizing and getting yourself and your kids out of this situation.  As much as you care about your husband perhaps this can be his rock bottom and push him to get the help he needs.  Try not to get overwhelmed by all that you will have to deal with in the coming months reach out for help when you need it and take things in the smallest manageable bites you can.
You have rendered me speechless.   Lemme tell ya. that's no easy feat.  ..[You're mensch JSS](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey0HrEvh44c).  I am often left to silently marvel at your dedication your temperment and your patience. I grew up in a house with an active alcoholic. You know what it is? I think it's that you remind me of my mother.  Also a mensch BTW. ..It's nice to see you again.  ....
Please make sure you have enough support for yourself while working through all of this. Good luck with it all you are making a very brave decision.  
[deleted]
This is one of the most heartbreaking things I've read in a while. I'm so sorry that you're having to go through this. Stay strong and always remember that by being sober you're bettering yourself for yourself but more importantly for your kids. Your husband hasn't figured that out strongly enough in his heart and it sounds like he's had plenty of chances. Hopefully he can figure things out eventually but in no way is it worth risking the lives of your children to wait for that to happen. Hopefully ending your marriage will be the final kick in the pants he needs to really figure out how to stay sober...
&gt;The biggest one is "why? Why can't you stop being so destructive? Why could I quit and he reaches the point he drives winding mountain roads in the rain drunk with our children?"..Because maybe he's an alcoholic a very sick man in his body and mind...You do what you have to do. Divorce seems like a well thought out justified thing to do. You tried...Be safe.
((Hugs)) silly. ..&gt; Today is the day. I'm terrified and extremely relieved at the same time. ..I think I know exactly what you mean. Terrified because of the uncertainty and the unknown but relieved that the other shoe has finally dropped after it has been hovering and threatening to drop for a very long time. It's done. ..You're strong. You're smart. You're a fantastic mother. You will not only overcome this seeming mountain of tragedy you will come out on the other side in the sun stronger than ever. ..Be well sister. I know you will. &lt;3
oh man. my first thought is you've got your seat at al-anon like a lot of us do if you didn't before...you're not a wicked person. you're having to make the choices that no one ever really wants to make. just like everything else this will be one step at a time. you have a lawyer so that was step 1. ..this is going to work out. everything works out. *hugs from an internet stranger.*
I am very sorry but your strength is inspirational.  
Wow thats tough. Hang in there. Sounds like you are making the right choices here. 
Seems like a lot of positive support here I concur with almost all...I do think that checking out Al-Anon should be considered for two reasons yourself and your children. Be advised if you don't know there is also Ala-Teen and Ala-Tot...An issue that you do need to start thinking about and trying to find ways to address. There are aspect of alcoholism that are thought to be genetically influenced. For reasons too long to go into here I know this is true in my case...You should consider trying to find ways to prepare them sooner rather than later and more than a lecture/talk or two. As they get into their teens Adult Children of Alcoholics should be presented to them...http://www.al-anon.org/for-alateen..http://www.alatot.com/..http://www.adultchildren.org/. 
As someone who could be in your husband's shoes keep going. Be strong for yourself and kids.
If you are worried about what he may do after he gets out you can get a temporary restraining order. You can repeal it before the restraining order hearing. It doesn't have to be permanent and it doesn't have to go on his record (You can make it last longer if you are worried though$..As a guy who would have eventually been the same as your husband the way you react will have bigger impact than what a judge decides. You can lovingly tell him what you want but you most likely need to do something drastic before he will be able to see the outcome of his actions...My wife had to:.A) kick me out.B) get a TRO on me (I couldn't see my kids for 2 weeks which was a kick in the ass) and.C) demanded I got to AA Domestic violence intervention and therapy. Any slip on those had consequences...It was tough but it was the best thing that could have happened. It hurt but it was effective...Be tough and let him know that you are doing whatever you choose to protect the children. It's not about how it makes you or him feel he put the kids at risk and has FORCED you to make a tough decision regarding how much time he can get to the kids...This isn't something you want it's something you need to do. Maybe it will hurt enough to thump the alcoholic part of his mind into action...It helped clear my head a little.
I'm sorry you're going through this Justsosilly. Your strength your sobriety and dedication to your family is inspiring. Make sure you keep feeding those with the support you need.
Hey JSS. Just checking on ya and making sure you're doing as okay as you can be. ((Hugs))
