-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36e3na/the_strangest_dream_i_have_ever_had_in_my_entire/

So last night I had a dream and I usually am not one to look into the meaning of these dreams but this one is different. A little backstory I have an alcohol problem and I have been living with my friends in a college town for the past three years and we are all about to go our separate ways...So the dream begins with us all moving into a new house in the same town we have always lived in. But this one is a mansion filled with large beautiful rooms that are pre furnished and decked out to the nines. As we decide who gets which rooms we do what we have done so many times before and decide to throw a party. But this party we had not only our friends from college over but friends I have known for my entire life including my extended family. Then we   booze and me having an alcohol problem I over do it. I wake up naked in a room full of people (still in the dream) not knowing where I am I look to find clothes and ask the questions to try to put together a black out. At this point in the dream I begin to lose sense of reality I go around the house and ask whose it is how could we afford this? and the only responses I got where wow you really messed up this time and looks of disgust mostly from family members so again I hit the bottle but there was a new factor. I had to be at work in 5 hours or something like that so it felt as if time were running out on me so everything kind of felt like it was falling apart all around me. I again awoke in the dream this time I was belting Elvis songs while passed out in a chair. Everyone in the dream from friends to coworkers was telling me to shut the fuck up. But this time something different happens the kids from high school that I knew and always thought were weird but we were in the same social circles kidnap me and it seemed to be at the approval of all of my close friends and family. They write I am an alcoholic on my forehead and try to throw me into the back of a convertible (strange choice for a kidnapping) I see there is a bottle of Jim Beam in the back seat. I grab it and as they try to drive off I jump out of the convertible heading back into the house. I try to drink the bourbon but just end up spilling most of it. I tell a few people close to me to fuck off and go into a room where a friend of mine that deals drugs is sitting with a plate full of MDMA and a bottle of top shelf bourbon As i try to wipe the words of my forehead he gives me a fried look cuts out lines hands me the bottle and says this is the good shit its got the birds on it (It looked like a grey goose bottle but whiskey). I chug half the bottle and snorted lines with him and had my last time waking up in the dream. This time I was surrounded by people that all looked disgusted many of them I didn't know. I asked what was going on and they said I was going to jail having no recollection of what had happened they tell me I had sex with an underage girl in front of her entire family (I don't know where this part came from probably just the idea of fucking up) and as they began to haul me away I woke up...I have recently had to say goodbye to a bunch of friends in the town I am living in. It was hard to say to a few. I had been sober for a while but relapsed again with the hope that moving back to my hometown with my family will solve everything. Any way if any one has any interpretations or psychology experience id love to hear from you.
----------immediate responses--------

