-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36hc62/im_sick_of_failing/

Hello you probably don't recognize me because I don't really post all that often but I wanted to share what I've been going through over the past few weeks...I am an alcoholic Ive been struggling with my addiction for about 3 years now. In those 3 years the longest I went sober was 30 days. This was a few months ago. Since then Ive only made it 4-6 days at a time always convincing myself that I can control it and only have a few drinks..This is never the case I always go too far...That being said this morning I had a realization...Im so sick of waking up and having to try to remember what I did the night before..Im sick of letting people down..Im sick of breaking promises..Im sick of lying..But most importantly Im sick of failing...I know it wont be easy to quit. Ive been trying for so long. I know its going to be hell. But I also know that I have people in my life who can help  including this glorious community...I want to be the best I can. I want to be a better boyfriend a better son a better brother a better man. One day when I have kids I want them to think of me the same way I do about my dad...I want to enrich peoples lives I want to give back to the friends and family that have done so much for me...I am unable to do these things as long as alcohol has its claws in me...Today I will not drink. That much I can do. I'd love for you guys to join in.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and glad you are here!  Hopefully we can provide you some support and assistance.  Please let us know how...May I ask given your history of failed attempts in the past what is your plan of action for this time?
I'll join in with you.
Wishing you the very best. I just began my sober journey but I'm with you.
I'm in with you!  Let's not let each other down.
I'm in with you as well. Good for you for reaching out being able to talk with family about it has helped me a lot. 
I will not drink TODAY in solidarity with you.  
&gt;In those 3 years the longest I went sober was 30 days...Oh I know this game. It's a tough milestone to hit and I'm in the same boat. ..&gt;I want to be the best I can. I want to be a better boyfriend a better son a better brother a better man. One day when I have kids I want them to think of me the same way I do about my dad...Sure I find that admirable. But my first mistake was making my sobriety for *other people* so they'd like and respect me more (and in some cases forgive me). It's different now I'm doing it for me and focusing on getting better for ME is the most important...&gt;Today I will not drink. That much I can do. I'd love for you guys to join in...I'm with ya today!.
Me too. I'm coming back today after falling off the wagon. Headed to AA today. Let's do this.
I've been there I think most of us have. This quote helped me realize I had to do something drastically different to be successful:..*"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting it to come out different"*
Today I will not drink with you. Shaking those claws off!..&gt;I know its going to be hell...It gets better! For me sobriety makes so many things better it's a weight off my shoulders (and I know it's a weight off my husband's shoulders which is a nice side-effect). I don't have to try to remember what I need to apologise for. I'm not alcohol's bitch any more!
i m starting today good luck to us all.
Good to meet you man
I have been trying to quit for years as well.  I recently found an intensive outpatient program that is taking the time to teach me about my alcohol abuse and the science behind how it has affected my brain.  I am learning that just committing to not drinking is not enough to "make" myself not drink I must learn skills to help me achieve my long term goal of continual remission from alcohol abuse.  I would suggest that you find an abuse counselor that will not just do the AA program but actually go through the science behind addictions and substance abuses.  White knuckling it is no way to learn to not drink.  ..Edit:  To share link.  [What is addiction](https://www.hbo.com/addiction/thefilm/supplemental/6212_what_is_addiction.html).  Go through each chapter.  There is a slew of other information there too.
Are you me? I'm back on the wagon today. What you said about being a better bf/son/bro etc. echo my sentiments exactly. I want to be able to give back to people who've been amazing to me. I'm not drinking today either. We can do it. 
