-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36y8b3/maybe_some_of_you_can_help_me_with_this/

So as some of you may know I'm relatively new. It'll be my one month in a few days. This also coincides with my birthday. With shitty work circumstances and complicated living situations it's been a trying time to say the least. This is definitely the longest stretch of sobriety I've had since I started to realize I had a problem. .Closing in on one full month sober. Before this I had a solid nine days sober that my SO joined me in. That ended abruptly when I fucked up and relapsed. .I very nearly ruined my relationship and felt like shit I still feel like shit about it. .I fully understand that my SO was willing to quit altogether with me and I completely ruined that. I know I sucked and I have been trying to accept it. .In the weeks since then I've been feeling like my SO is kind of testing the waters. .Obviously I don't expect my SO to abstain from drinking because I ruined that whole idea. But I can't help but feel like my SO is purposefully pushing my limits. It's been a roller coaster to say the least. a couple beers a night to some whiskey to weed to harsher substances. .Once it escalates beyond a couple beers I start to get uncomfortable.  I don't know what to say or how to act. So I start to shut down completely. .My SO has the mentality that since they quit drinking in excess easily it shouldn't be that hard for me to do. .I now realize that I have a highly addictive personality. Moderation is not something that comes easily to me. My SO doesn't seem to get that. .I can't ask them to stop doing the things they're doing simply because I can't seem to help myself. I truly wish there was a way for me to bring this up without starting an argument because I also have a really really hard time trying to articulate how I feel. It's always bee. A problem. ..The big thing is that we're both relatively young so I understand that we're supposed to be 'wild n crazy' and all of that hooplah. But I simply can't afford to do that without going off the deep end again. .This has been a rambling post I apologize if it doesn't make much sense. But this is what has been running through my mind all day and my SO is on their way home right now and I have no idea how to act because I have some idea of how tonight will progress. ..Again I apologize for the rambling.And congrats to anyone who has somehow made it all the way to the end of my exhaustive ramblings. .I will continue to not drink tonight. And I will not drink tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe talk to SO about setting aside sober times to spend together and giving you a heads up when he or she plans on drinking? Then you can prepare by finding an alternative activity or just mentally prepare for it
Maybe talk to SO about setting aside sober times to spend together and giving you a heads up when he or she plans on drinking? Then you can prepare by finding an alternative activity or just mentally prepare for it
Are you uncomfortable with your SO? If you have trouble opening up to them it may be because you arent comfortable enough in your relationship to be open.
