-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/371e0g/sharing_my_story_1271_days_later/

(I posted this a few minutes ago as a link to a site where my story was hosted.  It was removed by a mod due to "promotion."  Thank you to you who replied to it and commented on it before it was removed.  I appreciate your input)...I was awakened by the sound of someone screaming. I couldn't make out the words but I didn't need to. The sound was unnerving enough without knowing what was being said. As I opened my eyes and adjusted to my surroundings I was reminded once again where I was: jail...Suddenly the sights sounds and yes smells came flooding back in to my head. With them came the cold reality of where I was who I had become and where my life had ended up...If being regularly jolted awake by the tormented screams of inmates in neighboring cells wasn't bad enough there was the fact that I was sharing a cell made for a single inmate with three other people. We were crowded four deep in a tiny cell and there was no escaping the smell. To call it unpleasant would be putting it lightly. It was overpowering...As my eyes adjusted to the light I looked at the bottom of the bunk above me. On it was a hurricane of words  angry unstable words scratched into the metal bed frame by those who had been there before me. The words sounded a lot like the things that many of the people around me uttered every day. This was an insane place and for the time being it was home...In that moment my mind jumped back once again to the decisions that had brought me here and the people who had been hurt because of my choices. I said to myself  You had so many loving people in your life but this time you've lost them. You had every good thing that anyone could ask for and you threw it all away because of your actions.  I thought about the person I had become and the downward spiral I had taken for so long. I thought to myself  How did I get here? ..I got started down the road to substance abuse in middle school for a few reasons...I was a scared awkward kid who desperately wanted to be liked but didn't quite fit the mold that everyone else was in. I was definitely different and not always in a way that was seen as good. I wasn't even remotely comfortable in my own skin. So I thought I'd win my peers' approval and acceptance by drinking. In addition to that I was curious to see what it was like. Finally there were some people I looked up to who had substance abuse issues of their own and they seemed completely happy and successful. So while I had been told about the dangers of drugs and alcohol what I had seen conveyed a very different message...The first time I drank one of the worst things that could have possibly happened did happen: nothing. I don't mean that the alcohol didn't affect me. I mean that there weren't any immediate consequences. After having been told what drugs and alcohol would do to me I was anticipating some kind of instant lightning bolt of consequence. When nothing happened I thought  There's no price to pay for this. I just did it and I'm fine. The world didn't end. They lied to me about this. ..I noticed that when I drank everything seemed to get better. My pain seemed to go away. I was dealing with bullying in junior high and when I drank I quit feeling the sadness from that. It seemed to allow me to finally be comfortable in my own skin. I didn't realize that the feeling was a lie. When I got into high school alcohol was a lot easier to get and I started using it as a way to deal with my problems. My alcohol use became much more frequent and I started drinking larger quantities. I didn't realize how much worse I was making things for myself...By the time I was a freshman in college I was using marijuana daily and drinking frequently. Later in college I got caught in the web of opiate painkillers after a friend with a prescription gave me some oxycodone. After I started on painkillers the floodgates opened. The feeling from opiates was a step beyond alcohol in my quest to escape my pain and my growing dislike for myself. Somehow I miraculously made it through college with a decent GPA and managed to get my degree. I'm still not completely sure how I managed that...Shortly after college I got into ecstasy and cocaine after having been introduced to both at the same party...I developed a huge cocaine habit that eventually led me to getting into meth once the cocaine ceased being effective. Right around the same time my painkiller addiction led to heroin after it became impossible to get legitimate prescriptions and expensive to buy illicit opiate pharmaceuticals. Meanwhile alcohol was there all along in ridiculously excessive quantities. Eventually I became willing to use just about any substance that happened to cross my path. When someone asked what my drug of choice was I laughingly quoted the Alice in Chains song  Junkhead.   What's my drug of choice? Well what have you got?  ..My life was a mess. I lost jobs due to absenteeism quit other jobs due to an inability to focus and eventually stopped trying to get jobs. I drained a $10000 bank account on my addiction. I had nothing to show for it but increasing health problems. There was alcohol poisoning. There were overdoses. There was one particular overdose that was absolutely hellish and insane. To this day it surprises me that I made it through that particular one. My behavior was erratic and I became angry and unpredictable. At one point coke and meth made me a 130lb skeleton. At a later point alcohol made me a 225lb slug...This went on for years. I wasted my 20's and the better part of my 30's. I wanted to stop but was so caught up in it all. I was making all kinds of bad decisions. I'm responsible for my own choices but addiction and the clouded thinking that comes with it makes it a whole lot easier to make bad choices. Eventually I was no longer using to feel good but to not feel horrible. I was drinking and using purely out of addiction and the need to avoid withdrawal. Guilt and shame kept me running back to drugs and alcohol which led to behavior that caused me guilt and shame. It was an endless cycle...I ended up jobless for a long time and thousands of dollars in debt. My thinking and brain chemistry were so overwhelmed by the substances to which I was a slave. I came to a point where I hated myself and said  I'm never coming back from this. I've done too much damage. I'm going to ride this train until it crashes.  The last night I drank and used I went on a rampage. I hurt people who didn't deserve it smashed up my own house and eventually attempted to end my own life. I was arrested and charged with multiple felonies. If I had been convicted of everything I was charged with I was looking at the possibility of a doing few years in the Arizona Department of Corrections...That's what led to me serving time in Durango Jail part of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's notorious Maricopa County Jail system...While in jail I went through hellish withdrawals. The extent of the jail's acknowledgement of my withdrawal consisted of giving me a bottom bunk so I would be less likely to get a concussion if my withdrawals led to a seizure that ended up with me falling out of bed. I suffered horrible insomnia and only managed to occasionally sleep for about 15 minutes at a time. It was less like sleeping and more like passing out. I genuinely felt like I was going insane. No physical pain I've ever felt can compare with the mental and emotional chaos in which I was drowning. Add on top of that the physical withdrawal symptoms and my belief that I had lost everyone I loved and cared about and I found myself at a nearly unbearable low point. ..I became willing to do anything to repair the damage I had done but wasn't sure that such repair would even be possible. While in the midst of this I somehow found a tiny bit of sanity which allowed me to make myself a promise to make my faith my family and my sobriety my priorities. A fellow inmate named Troy gave me a Bible which I started reading. It was a welcome escape and was the only thing that gave me any kind of hope in those moments. ..I eventually bailed out while my case was pending and I moved into a place called the Phoenix Dream Center. It's a live-in facility where people who have had substance abuse issues people who have been in jail and prison people who have been homeless and victims of human trafficking can move in and get their lives back together. A lot of good growth and healing started for me there but it wasn't easy. ..In a lot of ways the Dream Center is harder than jail...Our days started at 4 a.m. and ended at 11 p.m. Every moment was scheduled for us and included intense morning workouts (run by a former pro rugby star) classes janitorial work maintenance work labor homeless outreach church etc. We were run ragged but the discipline structure and purpose were what I (and the others there) needed as part of a successful recovery. ..While in the Dream Center I poured myself back into my faith which remains a key component of my recovery today. I started communicating again instead of trying to run from my problems. I made exercise and nutrition a big part of my life. I started creating art and writing again. I started to laugh again. I gained back my self-respect and others' trust. As a result of the changes that began there I was able to restore my marriage; something I hoped would happen but didn't know was possible. ..In court the prosecutor was seeking 90 days of jail time for me and the Probation Presentence Writer wanted me to do six months. I didn't want either to happen as they could delay the good work that had begun in my marriage and in my growth as a person. I accepted a plea deal. Based on what I said and others said at my sentencing the judge said that he didn't see any benefit to me serving additional time. To this day I am grateful he listened to me and to the others who spoke. I was sentenced to two years supervised probation. I was assigned 46 weeks of one type of counseling and 15 weeks of another. I was given a permanent ( designated ) felony and lost my rights as an American citizen. I paid thousands of dollars in court fines and fees. I was given a 10 p.m. curfew. I was randomly drug tested...Under really interesting circumstances I ran into a guy who overheard part of my story and told me I should apply to be a substance abuse Peer Educator at a local nonprofit called notMYkid...I did. In January of 2013 I started there as a part-time youth Peer Educator and worked as hard as I could. I spoke in schools across Arizona sharing the experience and knowledge I learned during my journey with students in 6th through 12th grade. I decided to be as open and honest as I could about my past in order to help prevent others from taking the same path. I did everything I was asked to do and took on additional duties. I was relentless and determined in my efforts. Within the first three months they made me full time. Four months later I was given a staff position and became the organization's first Communications Coordinator. ..I've since been promoted to Manager of Parent and Faculty Education for the organization. I research several behavioral health topics and create presentations for parents school faculty members after school program mentors and camp counselors. I recruit hire train and manage 15 Parent and Faculty Educators who are primarily behavioral health professionals and current or former law enforcement officers. I do parent student and school faculty presentations on substance abuse and I do parent and faculty presentations on bullying depression/self-injury/suicide and Internet safety. I also do TV radio web and print interviews as the organization's representative. I've done approximately 35 interviews in the last couple years...I currently travel around Arizona doing speaking engagements sharing my personal story intertwined with teachable keys to behavioral health. I've had the opportunity to share my story with students and government officials in Boston. I've spoken to groups as small as five people and as large as 1000. I've done as many as seven one-hour presentations back-to-back. I've had the chance to address the Pinal County Drug Court sharing my story and thoughts on the way government and the courts view addiction. I've presented at Grand Canyon University Arizona State University Paradise Valley Community College and a number of corporations Including American Express Cox and Insight. As of May 22nd 2015 I've done 132 presentations to an audience of over 10000 people. Approximately half of my presentations have been given to students and the other half to adults...I also had the opportunity to do interviews for a documentary called  Hooked: Tracking Heroin's Hold on Arizona  which was simulcast on every TV station (and most radio stations) in Arizona on January 13th 2015. Additionally I was appointed to the Recovery and Response Subcommittee responsible for developing staffing and overseeing the crisis line phone bank taking calls during and after the airing of the documentary...Most importantly sobriety has allowed me the opportunity to become the type of husband I should have been all along and has given me the chance to be a very good dad to an amazing daughter who was born shortly after my one-year sober date...I give thanks every day for the fact that I got clean and sober before having a child. I owe it to her and my wife to have my act together...I'm thankful for every chance I get to help other people to let individuals who are struggling know that they're not alone and to destroy the stigma and stereotypes surrounding addiction and recovery. I take every opportunity I get to help people understand that addiction is not a failure of morality but a behavioral health issue...November 29th 2014 marked three years of sobriety for me. I'm grateful to even be alive and amazed at the wonderful opportunities I've been given. Every morning when I wake up I give thanks for the tremendous amount of grace I've been shown. I'm astounded at how much my life has managed to change for the better in that short amount of time. It makes me excited to see what's next.
----------immediate responses--------

