-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/374ksj/postrough_patch_conclusions/

Strap in kids...If you're anything like me your drinking has been tied to states of mind. I often drank to feel calm and quiet down the noise in my head. If I tried to sleep without alcohol my mind would race and run with people and situations and awful voices. Then came a day when I would feel calm and I couldn't help but drink anyway. I couldn't keep away from drinking regardless of what state of mind I was in. It became my constant. That's how I know I am an alcoholic and always will be...If you're anything like me you also struggle with change. You simultaneously crave it and despise it. You want certain things to stay the same and others to change completely. You want to control people places and things. You want to be in control of yourself. ..These past few days I was very upset. I felt sad. I was really sad for the way my life had panned out. And that's just an emotion which I felt and I let myself feel it but afterwards my head was buzzing because of what I did while sad. I skipped out on a few obligations and I was in a bad state of mind. Then I woke up yesterday morning feeling hung over and I liked it. I wished I had drank the night before (which I didn't but I had stayed up way late watching movies and passed out on the couch). I felt comforted by it  if that makes any sense. I was comforted returning to my old habits - minus the drinking this time but who knows how long that will last with a mindset like that. I was tired of *trying*. I feel like I've been trying really hard to be the perfect version of myself and I'm tired of trying. I just want to be...This morning I went to a meeting and thought about how I try to control how I try to deny how I try to deal with change and how tired it makes me with very few results. So I guess now I want to accept the world for what it is - a series of waves that at best I can ride out in style. I want to accept myself for who I am. I want to let myself be human and make mistakes and not bash myself for it or think that I didn't try hard enough. I want to leave other people out of my internal drama and see them as fellow humans whose purpose in life is *not* to fuck up mine but to help me along the way. I want to chill out and not see my plan of recovery as a burden but an opportunity. At least that's what I hope to have learned. I almost always forget the conclusions I come to...The most important thing I learned (that I may forget come next rough patch) is that age-old saying: "This too shall pass." It always does. My state of mind changes and I can't always control it but I can learn to work around it. I'm on Step 2 of AA and this step is about finding a Higher Power or a power greater than myself that could restore me to sanity. This is particularly tricky because I am agnostic. However I'm working out the details and I think I'm going to go with gravity as my Higher Power. Gravity is something I can't control but I can learn to work around it. I can't just jump and hope to end up in space. Gravity will *always* bring me back down to Earth. It affects me every second of every day and I can't control it. But you know what? Neither can anyone else. Bill Gates is subject to gravity's power. So is Obama Putin my tv the dog that's barking next door the trees and birds and every thing - living or dead or non-organic - in this universe. So at least it's fair right? And you know what while I really wish I could fly without anything holding me down gravity serves a great purpose. Without gravity there would be no thermal energy (heat!) so we wouldn't be able to have bonfires or make each other hot meals. Without gravity there would be no oceanic waves so I couldn't go surfing and feel the salt water wash over my face like it did this morning. Without gravity we wouldn't have a solar system so I couldn't look up at the night sky and see the beautiful stars and feel the immense power of it all...So I'm feeling better now. The rough patch might be over. My state of mind is good. I also came up with a good way to remind myself to stop trying to control things: pick something up wish and hope and pray that it doesn't fall and then let it go. If it falls to the ground gravity is still in more control than me of this universe. If it doesn't then I am a greater power than God and can go on as I please. :)..Phew. Thanks for letting me get all this out. Hope everyone's riding their waves in style right now! ..I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Rose_the_wolf this is beautiful and profound! I found the second month to be pretty difficult I wouldn't beat myself up too much about not being totally perfect at this sober life thing yet. Progress not perfection! Keep on keeping on!
This is one of the most original choices for higher power I've ever heard of--I like it...&gt;I want to chill out and not see my plan of recovery as a burden but an opportunity. At least that's what I hope to have learned. I almost always forget the conclusions I come to...Yes I naturally forget. The day-at-a-time thing is almost like a bucket brigade except that I'm all of the guys and each guy exists in a different day of my life. I hand-off what I've learned to the next guy down the line.
Wow rose! That is an amazing amazing way of putting it and I will be remorseless in coopting that. Thank you for sharing. ..I'm also sorry you felt this. I had very similar feelings that I voiced with someone a week ago.  Those tired days are really bad for me and to me the develop as a strong sense of "why me" (in the sense of why do I have to not be able to drink) and feeling like "I can at least be an alcoholic everything else is in order!" I'm so glad you pulled through and with such wisdom too. It's simply not true. We DESERVE sobriety. We DESERVE to not want to drink. ..Keep howlin'! ..Edit: some clean up..Edit2: FWIW you're perfect the way you are because you're progressing! 
&gt;At least that's what I hope to have learned. I almost always forget the conclusions I come to...As long as you can keep coming to those conclusions you will be alright.  Thanks for this post.  I'm sorry you are having/have had a rough patch but as you said "this too shall pass".  You have got some really good stuff written down up there maybe reading this post might help you the next time.  
Hey Rose..I've been reading your posts and they resonate a lot with me. My second month was brutal. Sobbing myself to sleep or waking up crying was the norm for a while. ..I continue to feel little internal shifts happening and I know I need to keep powering through all the crap. I'm really looking forward to 90 days and beyond...Hang in there!
That actually made me think hard about physics ha. I think in some sense you are trying too hard. Not at staying sober cuz we all need to try as hard as possible at that but at being sober. I've had a little bit of a similar experience with trying to be perfect in sobriety...and some days I think it's okay to let being sober be enough...especially in early sobriety. I mean of course it's ideal to go to bed early wake up early go to AA work out eat well fulfill family and social obligations and so on. But isn't it okay to stay up late watching movies and wake up groggy and have that NOT be from a hangover? That was always my favorite thing...having an off morning but being so glad that at least I'm not hungover. Embrace the pink cloud and don't be too hard on yourself. The best part about making slightly imperfect decisions when you're sober..like eating pizza at 1 am or something is that there are normal repercussions. When you're drunk...the repercussions for me would be spending all morning puking and hating myself. 
