-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3771u9/todays_the_day/

A little bit of background I have been with my partner for 13 years it's been rocky but we do love each other. For all of those 13 years my SO has been struggling with depression and alcoholism trying different things but always failing. Over the last 4 years I have developed a problem myself drinking to get drunk every other day. I hate myself for it I have seen the struggles my SO has went through and now I'm doing the same thing. My SO wants to quit and so do I I know it will be hard but it will be worth it. So I guess what I'm asking for is some advice. Anything at all that will help us to help each other sometimes I think it would just be easier if we carried on drinking but I know deep down that both of us don't want that. We are good people right now but I know that without alcohol we can be great. Thanks for taking the time to read this. It's actually just helped admitting this and writing it down I'm crying a little bit and it feels good.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! It gets better. ..Grab a badge read some of the Saturday Shares and take it one day at a time. ..TODAY I will join you in not drinking. 
Welcome. Have you both tried to get sober separately? Haven't been in that situation myself but I've heard that when couples get sober together there can be a lot of extra strain put on the relationship as the elastic which holds each person's sobriety together. It's a hard process either way but one that's very worth it...Writing stuff down definitely helps! When I decided I really wanted to quit I spent some time writing down all the bad consequences that had happened the things I wanted to do better the reasons why I wasn't doing them and a list of actions I could take to makings better bit by bit. For a lot of us it boils down to taking action. When the default is to stay drunk another day it takes a lot of momentum and action to change that to something else. What are some things you could try starting today?..Good luck!
Thanks guys. I really like the idea of writing stuff down I will be doing that one. We have tried separately on a number of occasions and it always ended in disaster. We had a great chat about it earlier and we are very determined more than ever. We have such a strong relationship we can get through this I'm sure. Well what we did today it may be small but we didn't have coffee which is normally a massive trigger for both of us and we also decided to cancel our holiday it was to Galway i.e the drinking capital of Ireland and the money we had saved for it we are going to spend on doing all those small things you put off doing when you're drinking. I feel good today but I know days to come will be hard but we have each other and now you guys on reddit!  
