-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/378u3w/never_underestimate_the_power_of_a_grudge/

Wow 3 years on Reddit and this is the first time I've ever actually started a thread.  This is going to be a long one sorry in advance. ..So yes. 34 years old- been struggling with alcoholism since I was 14 and would steal my parents Vodka any chance I got.  Years of trying to quit falling off the wagons countless nights I don't remember and countless morning I wish I could forget. So much time spent slowly destroying myself because I needed a way to quiet the the emotions that were always running out of check. I self-medicated because I couldn't stand being stuck in my own head because I was terrified of people and because I loathed who I was.  So much time gone. ..And than things got better. ..I met my beautiful wife 8 years ago. Been married since 2010. She has been infinitely patient with me through the long haul of getting myself centered and in a positive place not only with my drinking but with the demons that were causing me to need to drink. And now my life is pretty damn good.  I love my job and just got a promotion! And to celebrate: I went on a 2 day bender.  Woke up sick as a dog on the second day and I realized that I was done.  I should have been celebrating but instead those two days were nothing but a blur and a genuinely miserable time.  ..So finally I realized that alcohol my oldest friend and stalwart companion was anything but.  My reliance on this poison has robbed me of so many years and so many memories.  And with that realization almost twenty years in the making I declared to myself (and now to you) that I now have a Grudge against alcohol. ..I guess I should explain. I am what you would call a Nerd (and proud of it). I have a LOTR tattoo around my ankle. My wife and I had a Doctor Who wedding. I cosplay enjoy D&D and read 1-2 books a week.  And my favorite Fantasy race are Dwarves. I love them. I love their sense of family their stubborn pride their indomitable spirits and fierce loyalty. I love their raucous laughter their love of a good fight and appreciation of fine craftsmanship.  And how they never ever forget a slight or injustice done against them or their Clan.  Anyone guilty of crossing a Dwarf has a Grudge staked against them.  A Grudge is not a trivial matter: it is a blood debt never forgiven and never forgotten. In my entire life I have only two Grudges to speak of: One towards an abusive partner of an ex-friend of mine (like I said a true Grudge is for a lifetime) and now as of 4 days ago a Grudge against alcohol.  ..I don't know what will happen tomorrow or a year from now or five or ten. I know that today I will not drink.  And I know that no matter what happens I will never view alcohol as anything else than a bitter enemy to me. ..That's my promise. Thanks for reading. And for being there. ..Baruk Khaz d! Khaz d ai-m nu!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/mrbarber to r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is a post called the Baby Steps that lays out precisely how I stopped drinking and how I got soebr.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) One of the most amazing aspects of recovery is something you're touching on in your discussion of your "grudge."  In recovery it is often said that anger and resentment are the main culprits leading up to relapse or drinking again.  In AA the 12 Steps of recovery focus on helping us identify "root causes" and then systematically address those aspects of our character that set us up for these sorts of stressors.  Over time in recovery you will see all sorts of miracles of forgiveness and change in human relations.  ..I hope you will stick around best of luck to you.
Ha that was not what I was expecting. Welcome! I hope we help you make your saving throws against drinking.
&gt; And I know that no matter what happens I will never view alcohol as anything else than a bitter enemy to me... And for being there...AND MY AXE!
A Doctor Who wedding sounds *amazing*! Please tell me the ring bearer was dressed as a Dalek. I'm also 34 happily married to an amazing person and basically living a great life. And all of the good things in my life weren't enough to stop me from drinking. But I am feeling way better now that I'm in active recovery. ..Hope to see you around here more and I suggest reading through the archives of this sub - lotta good info here. It's also interesting to follow the stories of individual posters - patterns definitely emerge. The real time support is important but I've gotten just as much from reading on here regularly reading old posts and noticing what seems to work for people and what doesn't.
Just remember swords are of no use here. Most of us cannot fight this mental illness with our minds. We usually need outside assistance of one sort or another. Mine was AA. Your path may be very different but you are unlikely to succeed by walking it alone.
Welcome!..I was extremely pissed off at alcohol for awhile too.   I think it helped.  I guess it went away; I'm not angry any more.   But the blood debt is still there...In D+D terms I'd say alcohol is like one of those monsters that inhabits you and/or corrupts your thinking.  A nilbog comes to mind.   ..The good news is alcohol is powerless over you if you don't pour it down your own throat.   It's that simple.   Death to the nilbog!!
Stay strong.
This sounds eerily similar to my current War against alcohol. Stay strong we can do this! 
May your stubbornness see you through!
I can empathize with your grudge against alcohol thing.  My first post here (which I stupidly deleted a couple of days later for some reason) was *filled* with rage and anger directed towards whiskey.  Pretty sure I said something along the lines of "if whiskey was a man I'd punch him in his fucking throat."  ..Good luck man.  
