-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37ckan/so_i_guess_its_been_a_year/

This snuck up on me. The other day I noticed my badge and had to look twice. ..I have been a lifelong anxiety sufferer like since childhood. I started drinking young. We always had wine on the table and as a kid we were allowed to have watered down wine at dinner.  In the 7th grade I used to take vodka to school in orange juice bottles. I don't think I needed the alcohol at that time but was doing it to "be cool". In high school I drank a lot. Way too much. It made me feel like I was no longer an outsider and that I fit in.  It also became liquid courage and I used it to do things.. lots of things.. many things that for years I was ashamed of. Drinking ramped up yet another notch in my 20's and my recklessness continued.  I took a break in my late 20's to mid 30's while I was pregnant/nursing and while I drank occasionally there were long periods where I didn't and I realized that during that span I never thought about drinking...Mid 30's to my mid-40's I took drinking waaaaaaay up to the top and used it cope and to try and try and make myself happy. Really all gin did was make my life more miserable. My anxiety was out of control. My depression was crippling. I held down a full time job in a high pressure professional soul sucking environment for ten years. Wife and mother. Totally functioning. At night I downed glass after glass of gin hoping it would ease my anxiety make me feel happy and help me sleep. My body started not being able to process the sugars in the alcohol and I would wake up a few hours after falling asleep (passing out??) with my heart racing stomach sick and in a complete anxious panic.  The last few years I started blacking out. Again I was using alcohol to do things I would have never done sober. I'd get up the next morning and see things I'd posted on facebook or texts I'd sent. Embarrassing is an understatement...I dabbled on and off with moderation for about two years and then finally decided to quit last year. I realized that I thought about alcohol all the time. At a party I always filled my glass higher than anybody elses. I always wondered if there would be alcohol there or if I should bring my own. I noticed how often I refilled my g&t's vs how slow my friends seemed to drink. I was obsessed with alcohol. I knew I had a problem and it was time to quit...Last year I had a few stretches of dry weeks and then I'd start drinking again. Last Memorial Day weekend I was about 60 days sober when I went on vacation and couldn't take the temptation because the drinkers I was staying with kept offering and after one week of that my resolve had weakened. Memorial Day 2014 was the last drink I had. I drank so much trying to chase a buzz that I never felt and again woke up in the middle of the night with the heart racing stomach churning panic...I never suffered from alcohol withdrawal symptoms other than not knowing what to do with myself when I got home from work and I only had a few times where I was wistful for alcohol and it was more the romantic notion of drinking than the actual drink itself. The book *Drink: The Intimate Relationship Between Women and Alcohol* helped me a lot with understanding why we women romanticize booze. I highly recommend that book. I struggled with feelings. WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE FEELINGS AND WHYYYYYYY DO I HAVE TO HAVE THEM?????? That was a fun hurdle. People really let themselves feel? WHAT THE FUCK--WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT???!!!!!! We don't FEEL. Noooooooo. Um so I feel now. I *heart* feeling. I love mushy mushy feelings and I like to spread them around and share. Feel my feels people! They are awesome!..I've had some struggles this past year and life has hit our family hard a few times but dealing with life's stresses sober is a zillion times better than dealing with it by using booze to cope. I still get anxious sometimes because of how I'm hardwired but I have been able to conquer a lot of it. I'm not as depressed either and again I talk myself out a lot of that. Much of it is just old habits that I was able to change...In the last year I've done a lot of soul searching a lot of reading read a ton of blogs especially sober women bloggers. Most importantly I found my laugh again. I thought I'd lost that happy witty person I used to be but I didn't. She was there all along just buried under pain and sadness and too much gin. She's back though and I have never felt such peace as I do now. Joy and contentment too. ..I deleted my facebook changed my social life lost some friends gained some new ones. Found a new job that I truly enjoy.  I  learned to put my sobriety first and I am very protective and selfish about it. It's MINE-- don't TOUCH it!..This sub has been tremendously helpful. Early on I read a lot of posts. I spent hours here readingreadingreading. The encouragement and wisdom you all have made to others really helped me too. I thank you all for your honesty tough love and encouragement and to those just starting your journey lean on us we really do care...tl;dr quit drinking found peace.. and feels. I found the feels..
----------immediate responses--------

Holy shit this is amazing.  AMAZING.  I can relate to so much of this it's actually shocking me...Can we be best sober friends?..Congrats to you friend.  And thanks so very much for sharing.  Great post.
This is fantastic. Congratulations!
Congratulations on your 1st anniversary! Your post made ME joyful!    
An invite to join us on /r/dinos is in your inbox!  Hooray!
Fantastic!
&gt; Feel my feels people! They are awesome!..Feels accepted!..Congratulations!
Congrats on the year and thanks for sharing!  Great post that I can also relate to in so many ways.
That's awesome I appreciate you sharing what you wrote inspired me. Thanks!
Congratulations on 365 days sober!..I really appreciate your writing I relate to a many aspects of your journey. ..My depression seems to have gone and whilst anxiety and stress still need attention they're more manageable sober...May I observe that you're also being **selfless** with your sobriety by sharing your experiences insights and encouragement with others.
This made me smile =)
Love love love this! Congrats!
Congratulations on one year! Must feel great being a non-drinker
Thank you so much for posting this.  I have been a longtime sufferer from anxiety too and I think that's where I developed my habit.  Now that I'm 80 days into sobriety I have noticed that my anxiety is much better generally.  I had a bad bout of it this week though and your post is really inspirational to me because you say that you have generally learned to control it.  That's a great big ball of hope for me - thank you!
