-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37cxen/i_think_i_am_an_alcoholic_and_i_need_help/

I'm a 29 y/o woman. My husband and I moved to a small town last year so that he could pursue his doctoral degree. I haven't found a job and in the void I have started drinking more and more. It is destroying my life. I have gained a lot of weight so that I just tipped over into the "obese" category. I used to be an avid runner and now I feel lucky if I can struggle through the hangover to go for a jog. I promise myself again and again to stop drinking and every evening I find a reason to pick up a glass. The hardest part is that my family at large and my husband are all drinkers. No one is pushing me to stop- but I desperately want to. I don't think I can ever be one of those people who "just drink socially". I think I have a real problem on my hands and I don't know where to turn to for help. ...Edit: It is 7 pm where I am and I desperately want a drink. I read this and started crying because there is so much support and so many people who have been through what I am going through and who understand. I have tears in my eyes but I also feel a lot of strength that I didn't realize I had. It's like having an angel and a demon on each shoulder the demon telling me to drink and the angel reciting the messages of support and encouragement that you have all sent. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a realization that I'm sure the whole SD community can say they've gone through. There's a start to everything and acknowledging you have a problem is the first step to addressing and fixing it. I have no support right now.  My friends all left me and didn't even give me a chance my family doesn't even know or really care but here I am at 108 days. It's a decision you make on your own. Don't let what others do dictate what you do. You might start a trend in your family by stopping :).  ..You just have to take that plunge and make that change!!!!!
Doesn't sound like this should be too hard to bounce back from....Why not try an AA meeting.  It'll give you support and you'll meet some local sober folks?..Only requirement for membership is a desire to not drink today.
Welcome /u/SecretlySatanic to r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is a post called the "Baby Steps"](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out exactly what I did to stop drinking and to get sober.  I hope you will find some ideas there that are helpful to you...There was a short time after I got sober in 2009 when I was unemployed for the first time in my adult life.  I found AA meetings a tremendous benefit for helping me create some structure and impose good orderly direction in my life.  Good luck.
Welcome! First of all good for you for going against the grain and coming to this conclusion. I came from a background of heavy drinkers too but I had to put my sobriety at #1 and I find that I can't be a truly loving daughter/girlfriend/friend/sister when I drink so my sobriety is also in the best interest of others (whether they know it or not). This is a scary time but keep reaching out for help when I do that I often find what I need. 
This quote really helped me get started and still is:.."The first step to sobriety is to stop raising that glass to your lips"..Penn &amp; Teller.
I know I felt the same at one point in my life but I didn't start changing things then and let it get worse. It makes me so happy to see you realizing something is wrong AND also wanting to make a change...Some people find AA to be helpful especially for finding an IRL community of sober people to lean on but it's not the only way. SD is a great community and people in the chat room are always up to talk and help you through a craving or problem. I really like the online SMART meetings and use the SMART toolbox a lot too...Something I found helpful was not using the world alcoholic until I felt like I was ok using it. I know I was kind of worried about getting my (drinking) husband on board and so when I first talked to him I told him that drinking was making me feel bad about myself and I wanted to take a break. I asked him to help me do a 30 day period of no drinking and to support me. Maybe that will help you get your husband on board and to support you? After the 30 days of sobriety you may have more clarity and be better able to talk to him about long term goals. You never have to call yourself an alcoholic if you don't want to. One day at a time and all that :)..Oh and if you decide you want to start running again we have a sub for that! Right now the focus is on a lot of us training for a half-marathon but you're welcome whether you just want to run or have a training plan and goal. /r/sdrunners is the sub!
Hi there and welcome. :)..I've found that talking with other people who struggle with the same problem to be very helpful. For me this is online everyday. I also tried AA and SMART... would recommend giving both a shot. The worst thing that can happen is that you'll hate it and not go back. The best thing that can happen is you'll find a life-changing support system. Pretty easy gamble in my mind...As far as getting into shape I know the feeling of losing a once athletic body all too much. Before I stopped drinking my BMI was over 35 and I hated every inch of the way I looked. Since quitting I'm at 25.8 and almost at a healthy weight again. It has been life changing in so many ways...Long story short... there is a lot of help out there and hope to be had. I think making a plan is a good place to start. 
welcome. I was in a similar situation. I had to end a relationship and lost about 80% of my social circle. but whatever. I'm happier than I've ever been (which says a lot as I have struggled with depression for the better part of 15 years) and I feel better than I have ever felt. don't worry about others around you. worry about yourself. remember how it feels to wake up NOT hungover? that is the most beautiful feeling in the world. 
The only person who pushes myself not to drink is me.
Hi. Did you take the alcohol assessment quiz on the right? I found it affirmed what I already knew...I'd recommend the Allan Carr Control Drinking book. People either love it or hate it. It helped me finally understand that alcohol provided no benefits to my life.
When you feel like you are falling SD is a great place to land. A lot of helping hands and people who truly understand what you are going through. Welcome to the family. 
it gets easier you can do it.  a lot of it has to do with setting new habits that become your new routine
I'm 30. I feel the same as you. I can't drink like a 'normal' person....I just can't stop once I start. Today is day 10 without drinking. Feel free to PM me if you need support or just someone to talk with. You can do this take it one day at a time.
You came here for a good reason. I can't drink socially either and you know what? I couldn't be happier.  I don't have that demon voice in my head anymore. And if he ever tries to say something I just laugh at him. 
