-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37mr3g/looking_to_quit_for_a_while/

Let me preface this by saying I don't have a drinking problem per se but a mental health problem. When I was unmedicated it was most definitely manifested as a drinking problem. Now that I'm on proper psych meds I only drink once or twice a week when I'm out I'll have a pint or two. Going over that limit once or twice a month if at all that month. I scored on the lowest tier of the test in the sidebar if that's any indication. Me without meds would likely score in the highest...Which I guess brings me to the point of posting this. I'm looking to quit for (at least) thirty days mostly because I'm tired of what's going on around me. I feel even the small amount I drink is effecting my mood negatively and I know it's recommended for those with bipolar disorder to abstain as a whole for this reason. In addition to that every single friend I have sans one are drinking to excess nearly if not every night. I've been distancing myself from them and their habits for a while now but I feel abstaining wholly is a big step in furthering that distance I keep them at. ..Does anyone have any advice as far as sticking with this? I've recently taken up new hobbies so the staying busy part isn't really what I'm most concerned about so much as sticking to my plan. I go out to the pool hall several times a week with my one non-barfly friend that's usually where my couple pints come from. As long as I inform him of my plan he'll honor it. He won't buy me a beer when I'm short on cash will likely yell at me if I buy myself one. I think it's just breaking the association my brain has made between the pool hall and a pint that I'm struggling with at the moment not to mention the reluctant "tough love" approach I've had to take towards all my other friends as far as keeping myself away from bars and other toxic environments. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Let me preface this by saying I don't have a drinking problem per se ...  Does anyone have any advice as far as sticking with this?..People without drinking problems from what I can gather just simply don't drink or they drink less. That's what people told me to do.  Personally I never found that answer all that satisfying but then I had a drinking problem.  If you don't have a drinking problem that might work for you...If you did have a drinking problem I'd recommend that you avoid situations where people are drinking.  Lots of reasons for that but suffice it to say the numbers clearly indicate that it's rare for a person with a drinking problem to not drink while continuing to live the life of a drinker.  But this is neither here nor there in your case...
I have to second what OTR wrote.  If you don't have a drinking problem then just don't drink for the next 30 days.  If you can't do that then you might want to reassess whether you have a problem or not.
Leave the definitions - keep it simple - drinking does not work for me.  And in your case the meds complicate the equation. ..Alcohol is not good to mix with a lot of shit that's the limit of my medical knowledge but I suspect you get the drift. Glad your meds are working.....For me the key was building a sober life sober activities sober friends - I used AA and yes there are other avenues but I can tell you there are many in AA similar to you...
just quit. See how 30 days goes. If it's easy think about another 30 days. If that's easy another. You do that and it's 90 days...If you feel there Is a good reason to quit then quit drinking. If you have a problem with getting through 30 days then it's a good sign you might have a problem with alcohol. ..I used to get in the same. Cycle of depression anxiety drinking depression anxiety. Every time I drank too much I'd just feel like shit the next couple of days...My only recommendation would be getting a bunch of mineral water. Drink that instead. It's bubbly slightly bitter. .
