-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37pmnf/struggling_today/

I am getting a lot of stress from work as well as a crapdraft of personal drama that I was totally blindsided by yesterday.  The two have some overlap.  The personal stuff felt so out of the blue to me that I now don't feel secure in my work environment or my personal relationships...Drugs and Alcohol have been my coping mechanism since adolescence.  I don't know what to do now.  I feel so lost.  And angry.  I am trying to play the tape forward but I keep pausing at the part where I stop giving a shit about anything.  I know that isn't something I should want but I do want it.  I'm so tired. ..I am trying to take today hour by hour and keep making the choice to do something that doesn't involve going near the store or the bar.  I am trying not to feel so defeated.
----------immediate responses--------

You are victorious not defeated...Our powerlessness extends to our bosses the drama queens in our lives and most everything else but our attitude and our ability to change it is what can save us
It all seems so hard sometimes.  In my life that frequently ends up less significant than it felt at the time.  I' m sorry for your trouble and I' m sorry that I won't be in Chat to talk to you.  Maybe if you go to IRC you can talk it out though.
Every word of this hits home with me. I am without good coping mechanisms because of my alcohol abuse. Let's do this the right and healthy way. Feel free to message me if you'd like. 
Early on I viewed all the "problems" as my penance and took all the shots on the chin. I knew that if I said or did anything to the contrary I would either blow up or get a bad case of the "fuck its". It was important for me to remember that though I was making an effort to change and start over that other people in my life still viewed me the same. There is a price to pay for my past and taking my lumps was part of that. Everyday I don't drink I have the opportunity to make it better. It may not be ALL better but better than it was. Congrats on 22 days! 
Drinking to escape was something I did too. It's not a solution. It's either a pause or an addition to the problem itself. In my experience doing things kept me from drinking. Going to meetings seeing friends who support my sobriety going for a run drawing writing... sometimes I would finish and I'd still be thinking about drinking but at least I killed some time because it's only a matter of time until I don't want to drink again. This too shall pass. Good luck.
