-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37r5p6/its_been_four_years/

TL;DR: It's been a long time since I was honest and today I'm not giving in again. Sorry for the wall of text read or don't! I'm not the police. .. I started drinking when I was 19 I lived with a party animal and never a shortage of whiskey and beer. I had some semblance of self control most of the time but let myself go too far as long as I didn't have a class in the morning. Classes 30 hour/week job and a moody girlfriend led me to believe it was okay to have a drink every night "just to relax." She hated it but I didn't care. After I turned 21 I found out I liked whiskey. No I loved it and it loved me. Drunk on weekends and only tipsy every night because I was in control. Over the next year I got engaged to the same girlfriend and graduated college got another crappy job and kept living.   .  .Before I got engaged my dad went into the hospital into basically a coma for 2 months almost needed a lung transplant and probably could go at any minute. We'd never had a great relationship but I can admit that I owe him a lot. Liquor made it easy to turn off the part of my brain that wanted to be sad.   .  .Due to some family issues (parents fighting name calling threats police the usual) my engagement was broken off a month before the wedding last October. She wasn't 'the one' and I knew I had to do something before making the worst mistake of our lives. Guess who didn't judge me? My old pal liquor. I went from 3-4 beers a night to averaging a handle of whiskey every 4 days or so 3/4 of a bottle on long nights by myself. I have no roommates and my friends though close don't know all my secrets. I've woken up in my front yard my kitchen bathroom and I never thought twice about it. I didn't have a problem I'm sad and lonely and it's better that way especially if nobody cares enough to stop me. I go to work sober and on time so how is it a problem? I've not gone longer than 2 days without justifying and getting drunk since November and I was just waiting on a paycheck. After my ex texted me last night wanting to get drunk together (of course I said no) I realized what had happened to me and how desperate I've probably sounded in the past. I simply had no remorse for it especially after a few drinks. .  .I could go on for days with my justification reasons and stories of why I'm here now but one more won't change what I am. It's been a struggle to admit that what I have is an addiction and a problem over which I have slowly let control slip away. I don't know if I want to quit forever I'll cross that bridge when I get there. I just really needed to tell someone and don't really have that many places to go so thanks for reading if you did and I wish everyone here the best of luck. It's been about 36 hours since my last drink and I'm feeling ok. Any advice or criticism is highly appreciated. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!.What helped me out a lot early on was reading as much as I could here on SD.  There is literally years and years of thousands of people's histories here to read and learn from.  Really helped me tremendously with the added benefit of it being time consuming so it was something to do other than drink or crave a drink.
[deleted]
&gt;  I'm not the police...That is exactly what the police would say. 
Front lawn?  :0.Stick around for a while.  Lots of good stories.
Best of luck to you! When I was drinking I used to think I really didn't have any good reason to be sober. I relate to what you wrote: "I'm sad and lonely and it's better this way".  It's not normal to feel that way and not healthy. .It's awesome that you are taking the bull by the horns (so to speak). Glad to hear that you feel ok physically! Sobriety is challenging but definitely worth it. I'm still getting used to how different it is from my old lifestyle but there's a peace I'm finally getting in knowing that I'm not doing dumb stuff all the time. I don't go to AA but I do read this sub every day &amp; have gleaned a lot of wisdom/support from all the folks who post here.  :) 
