-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37t20u/would_anyone_like_to_share_their_stories_of/

As of these past couple of years my drinking has become something uncontrollable. I've always been a heavy drinker but I never considered it a problem until recently. It began when I accepted a job where 85% of the time I was "working from home". This was my first "adult job" where as before I field technician that clocked a standard M-F 8-10 hour days. Needless to say I spent a considerable amount of time drinking with all the down time I had. Somehow I managed to pull off the functional alcoholic as I maintained and did well at my job in the course of my tenure. This despite the fact that on more than one occasion showing up to work and attending conference calls practically slurring sneaking drinks in the company bathroom etc. It was around the beginning of that job I met a woman who was an alcoholic as well. She would encourage my drinking and i started to feel as though she was a bad influence. She was also controlling and emotionally abusive and very clearly did not like being in a functional relationship. She would lie gaslight yell and generally being as ornery as possible when she didn't get her way. With the heavy drinking came a feeling of being trapped in my own apartment with this obviously unstable person who degenerated into this unattractive drunk 24/7 monster. I ended up very clearly telling her to get the hell out of my life as I needed someone to blame for this feeling of dread that if I stayed with her she would be the end of me. The thing was I didn't want to break up with her I just needed a sense of control and with her living with me I didn't have that. I started to believe she was poisoning me as it seemed like I never had energy anymore and would spend days holed up drunk and/or asleep half the time. I thought I would be better off without her in influence and I sobered up for about a month and started feeling better again..But with the lonliness startting to creep in I tried dating but couldn't really connect with anyone. I started losing confidence and with that my drinking shot up to a new high. I gave up dating and became a drunk angry hermit. Culminating to what I guess you could describe was a nervous breakdown. I had guns in my place and I was afraid I would need to use them on myself because it felt as though I couldn't even control my own thinking. I was becoming obsessive with the past and would play traumatic events in my life over and over in my head like a broken record. Panic attacks daily I started to feel as though I was somehow displaying the hell that was going on in my head and started becoming extremely paranoid. I believed I was being mocked by co-workers behind my back or that strangers on the street and even people I hadn't seen in years somehow knew of my miserable existence. ..This was a feeling that I was somehow NOT connecting to alcohol. But the OCD and paranioa were too great to ignore. Sure enough I started reading online about long term mental affects and those two were at the top. Feelings of persecution and major anxiety were byproducts that I had been living with for too long and it started to anger me just how much time I had been living in such a deluded state. Over twenties years of drinking and I never once associated negative feelings with drinking. ..This next phase was what I would call a deep introspection that had me reflect on all of my past relationships and realize what an absolute madman I must have looked to exes. My most glaring example being that I lived with an alcoholic and thought to myself "Holy shit was that how I was seen by my poor ex-girlfriends?" No wonder half of them wont talk to me anymore. Between the drinking thrown in with a little narscissim I believed I was practically entitled to treat them poorly. ..All this reflection made me absolutely mortified of my past now. I wanted nothing more than to contact the people I hurt an apologize because I honestly look back and I literally can't believe I behaved a certain way. To be honest it has made me a sad person and to this day I struggle with addiction because of it. ..Sorry for the stream of nonsense I just felt a need to put it down.  My father died in December and between my drinking and resulting reflections it has been a roller coaster of emotions with quitting my job moving back home and dealing with estate affairs and I'm just waiting for the storm to blow over already. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drank 3 liters of vodka- thought I'd die. Sought help  haven't looked back. I can tell you that living a life of recovery is 1000X better in every respect. It's a lot of fun and I was grateful to have received the gift of desperation. 
I was drinking instead of feeling. Did a lot of shit I'm not proud of. When I sobered up I didn't even know who I was. I was so numbed out for so long I had completely disconnected from my true self. My body was trashed my life was going downhill quickly. I've been working at recovery for 2-3 years now and I'm still just figuring out who I am and how to be a human being. Sobriety is a *fucking trip*. 
My bottom wasn't my lowest low. On May 8th i sat on my back porch by myself listened to music and drank a twelve pack. The next day I realized that I want to better myself and that booze was getting in the way of me being the person I want to be. Booze keeps me from getting what I truly want.  I may not have been at the very bottom of my hole but I decided to cast aside the shovel and quit digging. I don't want to see how deep that hole can really be because I know it is pretty fucking deep already. I will not be buried in it. Best of luck to you this sub is very supportive and if you ever need to reach out you can PM me anytime day or night.
