-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37tc5k/husband_relapsed_feeling_lost/

Two weeks ago my husband and I had our last drink. I've been going to AA almost every day reading the literature trying to stay humble and see my part in these problems. I'm trying to be compassionate and supportive...Tonight my husband comes home and is working on a project and something isn't right. He's not doing what he's supposed to be doing (the project is for something tomorrow) spending a lot of time in the basement etc. When I finally stop what I'm doing and talk to him it hits me. He's drunk. I ask him. He lies. The same old shit that has always happened. He's still lying so I track down this funky one-use breathalyzer that we got when we rented a car in Europe (they have whole buckets of them in the rental office haha so I snagged a handful). He blew and the crystals turned green a clear indicator that alcohol was present...He says he had a beer in the afternoon (impossible he's acting way too drunk and his body would've metabolized it way before the 11 pm test). Then it's two beers. Then some sake is admitted to. I didn't get angry and I told him to go to bed that I wouldn't talk to him when he was affected. He said sarcastically "Thanks for your SUPPORT."..I'm learning that relapses happen via my own AA attendance. He's gone to a few meetings in these two weeks but I don't see him really committing to it. I can't begrudge him the relapse but at the same time I don't think he's that serious about recovery. He says he's trying but to me that sounds like a good thing to say when pacifying someone. And it's less than two weeks and he's right back to secret drinking and lying...I'm going to try an AlAnon meeting tomorrow in addition to my now-usual AA. At least I know I'm not going to drink or be triggered by this! But I don't know how to treat him tomorrow. I'm so angry but anger only pushes him away. I feel like he's not trying but I know he's sick. I want to support him but support doesn't mean (as he has implied) forgiving all being a doormat and watching him destroy himself...I had such hope for us now I feel like I don't know the guy I married. At least thank god I have my sobriety tonight. I can't seem to find sleep so I'd love some wisdom.
----------immediate responses--------

Does he truly want to change his drinking or is he found along with it to satiate you? If he really wants to change it may take him a different time table than it does you...Are you willing to stick it out? It ultimately is something that he has to do and for that he has to want it. However confronting about it / pushing him will not help. Alanon will teach you that...So find your place of peace. If it takes him the next 5 years to finally sober up are you willing to stick it out? How long are you willing to wait? Set your boundaries let him know what they are so there will be no surprises when you meet him at the door with suit cases...
&gt; He said sarcastically "Thanks for your SUPPORT."..Addicts often say things like that. They're all blamey. Everything is always someone else's fault.  We get it here via modmail &amp; PM  every week even from those who aren't using anymore. Think of it like them shaking their fist at the moon where you're the moon.  As hard as it is don't take it personally.  Be the moon...This has got to be a really tough situation for you.  And it could well get much worse.  I don't think there are any easy solutions here.  If I were in this situation I think I would tell him tomorrow when he's sober that from this day forward I would be putting my own recovery first. Before him and before the relationship. I'd make it clear that I would do whatever was required to give myself the best possible chance of making it and that dealing with an active alcoholic was not in my best interests.  I don't think I'd get into specifics and if he asked questions about this or that hypothetical scenario I'd just stick to "I will do whatever it takes."  ..Think through the possible outcomes of this.  If you stay sober if you don't stay sober if he gets sober if he doesn't get sober if he tries if he doesn't try you know all that stuff.  There are only a couple of ways this story can end. There are many paths to those endings each involving differing amounts of pain &amp; heartache.  Once it's clear that you're headed for a particular destination minimizing the pain &amp; heartache is your best move. ..I wish I had something more useful to say.  This has got to be incredibly difficult and painful for you.  It's not an easy situation.  I'm so sorry. 
I am so sorry for the situation that you find yourself in it must be gutting for you. This is harsh but you need to focus on your own sobriety. This is what you ultimately have control over your own actions. For what ever reason your hubby has made a choice to pick up. His sobriety needs to come from within him. You're hurting right now. If I were you I'd carry on being strong and sober the longer I stay sober the more clarity I have in my mind when faced with such difficult situations/decisions. I really feel for you. Stay in touch.
Sorry for your situation.  I was the drunk husband hiding it from my wife (she never had any issues with alcohol).  I lied and deceived and blamed etc. all to protect my addiction.  ..All I can say was that I did not quit drinking until I wanted to do it. My wife leaving and taking the kids away didn't stop me.  Her emailing me that she filed for divorce and changed the locks via court order and I couldn't come home didn't make me stop.  I didn't stop until I decided that I no longer wanted to drink and would do whatever it took.  Long story short  my marriage has never been better now and I am grateful.  ..I believe /u/offtherocks post is excellent advice although not easy.  ..Good luck. ..
Abstaining from alcohol engaging with a sober community and openly seeking serenity and involvement with the world around me is the best thing I can do for my husband. Learning to find strength in sobriety without him and sometimes despite him is the best thing I can do for myself. ..13 days is a blink of an eye. You say you feel like you don't know the guy you married - I know the feeling. Try to remember you have been abstaining for 13 days. You're in the midst of the really hard part! There's someone else you barely know that it would greatly benefit you to focus on meeting - you sober. By the time you get to know her you might find your whole attitude toward your husband's condition has changed. I know it's hard to put your life partner on the back burner but I've absolutely had to. A nice side effect is that I am learning to recognize and get rid of some of my other control issues which is excellent marriage medicine. ..The sooner you can accept that your husband is not going to abstain with you for now the sooner you can find ways to preserve your own sobriety during this sensitive time. My husband has been kind enough to understand that I would prefer he toss his empties outside where I can't see or smell them and do his drinking out of my company (for now). Because I am not trying to control his drinking (at least I try not to try to...) he has been quite willing to help me out. I choose to be grateful for this...Hang in there. It gets so much better. &lt;3
There is little that you can do. He is either ready to quit or he is not. Regardless I urge to to stay committed to your sobriety. It's all that you have control over. You're in a very difficult situation and I hope that you are able to maintain your commitment.
I think Alanon is a fantastic idea...I would also need to consider something very carefully in this scenario. If nothing ever changes can I stay with a person living that way? My tendency is to think that I have some power or authority over others in my life to mold them into the ideals that I desire. That has yet to work. I have to accept people where they are as impossible as that seems for me to do at times...I wish you the best of luck. God bless.
