-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37u3kr/day_six_anyone_else_find_getting_sober_made_them/

First I made it to Saturday which is where I relapsed my last real attempt at sobriety. My thought process was that if I hadn't drank on Friday then I clearly didn't have a problem because that's half of the weekend (I counted weekends as Friday nights and Saturday nights and sometimes Sunday and Thursday nights of course). I plan on staying sober today and have decent sober plans lined up but know that I need to stay vigilant...SO does not often drink so that's not the problem. But I've always wondered if my drinking was unnoticed or ignored (sometimes encouraged) because it kept me around. SO knows that I don't want this relationship but drinking made me sort of dependant. Now I'm less than a week sober and I'm being pressured into having another baby (I'm clearly not in a place to have another one) and being told how terribly I dress (because I've gained weight haha)...I don't know. I see a lot of people getting sober to save their relationships I want to get sober to leave mine. Anyone else have the same experience?..Oh yes not going to drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm being pressured into having another baby (I'm clearly not in a place to have another one) and being told how terribly I dress (because I've gained weight haha)...Yeppp. A lady I went to rehab with left her husband of 40 years. I guess she never felt happy and during rehab we all helped her deal with the guilt.
Good for you on committing to not drinking today. I was told "pray for a slow recovery ". What that means is live one heartbeat at a time. If after you're sober for a month you may want to hit couples therapy and talk through issues. Like recovery your relationships take daily nurturing. I would sit my SO down and share from the " I". Dearest ______ I feel pressured to have another child. When I feel pressure it creates stress for me. I need to work on my sobriety first so I can be the best father I can to our lovely child. I can't give you a time table but I can commit to bring a better person. " 
at 5 days the best advice anyone gave me was to NOT worry or even think about such things.
I don't think I would be on this road to recovery if I hadn't left my SO but obviously every situation is different. My ex is an alcoholic and addicted to benzos. Three weeks sober and I am more clear headed and can actually see how toxic our relationship was. The lying cheating and oh god the fucking abuse. The abuse was never physical but highly emotional. Drink fight fuck. Drink fight fuck. That was our routine. I'm glad it's over. If I were in your situation I would focus on being sober get into a more clear state of mind and then decide where you want to take your life from there. But if he doesn't want you to better yourself that says a whole fucking lot. Don't let his insecurities decide your fate. This is your life. Live it to however you want to live it. The only person who is there for you in every single moment of your life is you. We are here for you at SD and if you ever need to talk to someone feel free to PM me anytime day or night. It does get better. Way better.
I was married at one point and during that time both me and my SO got sober (temporarily as it turned out but that's another story). ..When we stopped drinking we started to realize how little we actually had in common and how much our relationship had been resting on our mutual alcohol abuse. We went back to drinking and the relationship lasted several more years but that realization stuck with me.  We were great friends and drinking buddies but as a couple it was never meant to happen.  As a result neither of us was ever able to really blossom within the relationship.  We genuinely cared about each other as I imagine you and your co-parent probably do but it's important to separate feelings of co-dependency from feelings of love.   Your SO may have trouble doing this.  Mine certainly did.  In the end we're both vastly better off for the breakup though...&gt;maybe I should just get some better birth control ..I don't presume to judge your relationship or your sex life but if you don't mind me asking do you really want to be having sex with this person? I know physical and emotional attractions can certainly be separate but in my experience sex can complicate the emotional aspect of an impending breakup.  Again this is not my business if you don't want it to be so don't feel obligated to answer.  Just something to think about I guess.  And hey not having sex definitely cuts down on the risk of pregnancy...Edited for spelling.
5 days is much too early - much to early unless there is abuse...I got divorced at 4 years sober the truth was my choice of partner was not healthy.  Some of the staying was kids and trying to make it work but a lot of it was because I had to discover who exactly it was that I was before i could even factor in if another person was "right" or "wrong" for me...results may vary but 5 days unless there is abuse just hang on and make no decisions as best you can.
