-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37yn2o/where_to_go/

Lets see where to start?..First off I'll say that I'm a huge fan of reddit and am on the site everyday but have never made an account for myself until now. So there's that...I'm beyond frustrated with myself and I don't know exactly where to turn at this moment so I thought I would come here. I'm not sure if I have a problem with alcohol or a deeper rooted problem that needs dealing with and I wanted to get you guys' thoughts...For the past couple of years since I turned 21 really I've been struggling with alcohol issues that I can't seem to figure out. First it was just drinking too much and being just a little drunker than everyone else at the party on a regular basis and then it turned to drinking alone and hiding it from people specifically my now fiance who I'm getting married to in three weeks. She's stood by me throughout all of this and is the love of my life and its the strain being put on our relationship that has caused me to make this post...I have been able to curb my alcohol use to some degree but here are my current drinking patterns: A drink or two 1-2 nights during the week and enough to be considered drunk usually once a weekend. However the big thing is that I'll ramp up the drinking when she is away and will get drunk alone on both nights during the weekend while she's out of town because I feel like I "have to get it in" while she's gone since she looks down on getting drunk when we drink together (currently nursing a hangover as I type)...I know that she would rather me not drink as frequently as I do but I think the real issue I am struggling with is that I feel the need to hide it from her and lie to her about it because I don't want her being disappointed in me. I've come to believe that disappointing people and her specifically is at the root of all this because I've never been one to disappoint when it comes to anything. I always made great grades was good at sports in high school went to church every week etc. and to anyone else seemed like a guy with no issues whatsoever. ..I tried AA for about a month at the beginning of the year and it really didn't do much for me. No offense to those that it works for but I just had trouble relating to the people there because it seemed like most were court ordered (and didn't really want to be there) or were people that have lost everything in their life and have been in and out of jail for years because of alcohol...I would like to think that this is not so much an alcohol problem and that it is more of a willpower and maturity issue - after all I do other things I don't tell her about while she's gone like eating out a bunch watching porn etc. - but then I start to think that this is just me trying to reason with myself to avoid the alcohol issue...Thoughts and feedback are much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/NowhereMan92 to r/stopdrinking.  I'm glad you created a username and have come out of lurkerdom.  As much as we talk about AA SD is not AA. Lots of us me included as the [link to my Baby Steps post demonstrates](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) are active AAs and we find AA helpful but there are plenty of others on here who stopped drinking and who got sober without AA.  It sounds to me like you're struggling with stopping and staying stopped and with your feelings around all of that. It also sounds to me like you're trying to figure out if you're an alcoholic who needs to stop drinking or if your feeling that you should stop drinking are connected to your relationship with your wife...So this is what I would do: get on the same page with my wife and share honestly my struggle with coming to grips with the issue.  I'd commit to trying to stop drinking for 90 days with daily accountability on SD AND recovery meetings (AA SMART IOP etc.) in an effort to fully give recovery a chance.  I would not hold back. At the end of 90 days I'd reassess: do I need alcohol in my life to live a full happy and authentic life?  
Alcohol is an abusive mistress.  She demands your attention and your devotion.  She gets jealous of time you spend without her and starts demanding you give more and more of your attention to her.  She says she doesn't mind you sneaking away to see her but eventually she may just storm into your home and demand that you tell your wife about your "affair."  She may try to isolate you from your friends if she thinks you care more about them than her.  She may ask you to give up everything else good in your life to prove your devotion to her.  ..Ask yourself how you'd feel if your soon-to-be wife had a relationship like this that she was hiding from you.  ..Take a look at the alcohol assessment test on the right.  It might help you to see where you are.  .
I too had a problem relating to people in AA when I first attended meetings. I thought alcoholism meant you had a certain brand of drama in your life. Though alcoholics do tend to have some drama in their life my experience shows that it can manifest itself in a very wide range of possibilities. Some of us lost basically everything. Some of us were very high functioning. Most of us were somewhere in-between. ..My main problem early on was that all I ever focused on was how different I was from everyone else in AA. I did not even know what alcoholism was not to mention how to identify with being alcoholic myself...The thing is none of the external stuff is what makes me alcoholic. For me it is very simple to explain. Without help I had no success at staying completely sober for good and for all. In addition to that once I began to drink I could not guarantee you how many drinks I would take each time. That's it I could not not drink and when I did I would at times drink more than I intended to...All of our stories are different. Some are very tragic and some are tragically hilarious. The stuff that was going on around me the things that happened to me the things that I did were used as excuses to drink the way I did. What really matters is what happened when I put alcohol in my system and why I could not keep from putting alcohol in my system. That's what makes me an alcoholic....If the meetings you went to focused on the drama or the problem too much try to find a meeting where they focus on the solution. That would be my suggestion.
Take a look at your fiance.. a nice... awesome.. long.. look......how long do you want her right there.. so you can keep looking at her?..because whether or not you can handle yourself socially/emotionally - if you are not a moderator... something.... down the line... is going to change.. you're going to be grumpy.. you'll make her feel bad about herself.. and then it might happen again.. you slip up.. oops.. "sorry hunny i didn't mean to be so grumpy.. i was hung over." "Sorry hunny I was way too drunk to be talking about that with you" "Sorry hunny I lost my shit.. i'm an idiot.. "..over and over and over... and then..   next time you look where she used to sit - she wont' be there...my dad was a highly functional drinker. ran a business. but drank. I had a Dad who was around ALL the time.. but he passed very little down to be. I mean.. i get it now.. kids are freaking annoying. But he could have set me up for a much better time in school and helped and supported me in my endeavors.. instead he just sat on the couch drinking.. or drank while we were doing stuff. It really ruined the potential for us to bond because he didn't want to deal with any life stuff i ever went through.. the fact he was buzzed made him just truncate any connection i reached out for. it sucked. ..but he inevitably failed for my mom. she started separating.. and by the time he was sober she was off with her new boyfriend. and i can't stand the guy. he's annoying. I wish drinking hadn't been such a disfunctional focal point in my life growing up...I'm quitting for my wife and son. and for me. I've come to accept I will just be grumpy sometimes and there are parts of me that are just the way they are.. but I can live a much better life without alcohol. day 4 under way! already amped! going out to buy new carhart's for my new job. because I've saved enough by not drinking to afford some this week. yay.
These patterns of behavior sound familiar to me--being secretive and in this way both hiding and denying what's going on with ourselves. In my experience it doesn't get better over time and it's not a matter of maturity or will power. For me alcohol transcended all that. For it transcended 50+ years of maturity through marriage and kids and building a successful business and all the will power that required. ../u/coolcrosby provides the advice that I would: try that 90 day challenge and then reassess. I didn't go to AA or any other group meeting but I would have--anything that might work. ..Here's why I think this is a great idea: There's *nothing to lose* in this approach--and you don't need to confront the question of "forever" that might seem daunting at this time and that seems to be a barrier for some. ("Forever? *FOREVER?!*) No just a month or a few months. Then you can decide if life is better whether it was hard or easy whether your relationships are affected how you feel and what you are able to accomplish. ..Good on you for joining the conversation.
I'm going to take a shot from the hip here and assume you are 22/23 based on your username. I'm 23 as well and when I turned twenty one I basically had zero accountability or someone to not get drunk around and a lot of resentments to use as bullshit excuses to get drunk. And boy did I get drunk every night. I wanted to get fucked up all the time and stay functioning drunk during the day I might not black out on work nights but I would certainly use nights I had no accountability for the next morning to get exceptionally rip roaringly drunk. and all that while I started hiding drinks from even other heavy drinkers and had ski bum heavy drinkers and drug users telling me I should watch myself. And I didn't want to believe that could happen to me. I was the good kid finished college early did cool stuff only one minor stupid run in with the law. My older brother was the fuckup not me. And well yeah I ended up being the one who had to go to detox on sedatives and rehab for 90 days. So for me this is like reading a flashback to what my life would have been like had I had a steady girlfriend at the time. Also I'm a firm believer in twelve step programs also a lot of people younger people like na its hard for me to explain why but its what I've experienced. Dont feel bad going if you didn't use "drugs" alcohol is a drug too.
When my husband first went into recovery - he told the counselor he was pretty sure he was insane. She said "well lets get you sober for awhile and then look at what problems you have left over and solve them." Turned out he was not insane just a drunk. My point is if you stop drinking for awhile whatever problems that have nothing to do with drinking will still be there and you can tackle them sober. You may find out your not an alcoholic which is nice who needs that label anyway?..When you go to AA it's considered wise to find what you do have in common not what is different. I do understand your feelings here - I was always a high functioning alcoholic so I never had a DUI never beat on my spouse never even had words with someone else while drunk. For me I wanted to disappear while I was drunk I wanted people to leave me alone and stay away so I could drink without judgement. So actually going to AA made me feel lonely and weird. I could not relate to "I got drunk and cheated" etc.. What is similar is I was slowly losing control of my life and more importantly my ability to be happy. ..What brought me happiness is quitting and my source of happiness is not drinking today. There are gobs of other things that make me happy - but when I was actively drinking I found I cared less and less about those things.  ..Anyway I'm a firm believer only the alcoholic has the right to diagnose their selves. It's a heavy label but sometimes the only way to really know if they are one or not - is quitting for awhile and then just see how life goes from there. Good luck and God speed. 
Finding reasons AA would not work for me was a skill that helped me stay drunk for a few months.  Thing is AA is what you described and also completely the opposite.  It has people like me who have never been arrested fired evicted etc. Successful people and those who have lost it all only to make it back again.  ..The trick is to identify not compare.  That made a big difference for me...Yes it is a maturity issue willpower not so much.  
