-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37z7pn/i_stopped_under_doctors_care_my_antidepressant/

I am trying to put one foot in front of the other til the meds kick back in I am starting them back and could really use some support. Has anyone else been through this?  Out mental health is inextricably linked with our recovery and our drinking and I am just really hurting right now. ..I don't know if it's just in my head or truly chemical but my anxiety has gone from annoying to terrifying and I feel like I may have a breakdown ..I always try to be positive on here but I just have to be real and share here what is really going on..Thanks everyone I love this place
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know what particular flavour meds you're coming off but  I feel for you. I've (with Dr. assistance) come off SSRI's and SNRI's (separate times) and the withdrawal from them is pretty miserable. It's like the underlying reasons that you're taking them in the first place is cranked up to 11. I was a full-blown stress-kitten for *weeks* as I came off that shit...Hang in there!.
I don't have personal experience with this but I am a pharmacist. Some medications have withdrawal symptoms that mimic the disease they were treating. Different drugs requiring tapering off to minimize these. Without specifics I can't really offer more and probably shouldn't anyway since that is best left to you and your doctor. I will say that if you are dealing with this with a general practitioner it might be helpful to see a psychiatrist as they have more experience with these meds...As for your head we're all a massive series of chemical reactions so whether it's the drugs or the condition if you feel it and think it it's real and true. Being able to pinpoint the source may help alleviate some of the anxiety if it makes you feel like you have a choice but don't feel bad if you feel like your brain has been hijacked by some asshole neurotransmitters...Dr. Peter Breggin has some interesting writing in the field of neuropsychiatry. Our model of mental illness relies heavily on the "chemical imbalance" hypothesis. He doesn't argue that but also brings up a "chicken vs the egg" argument. To paraphrase: Did the chemical imbalance cause the condition or did the condition cause the chemical imbalance. No one questions the flood of adrenaline triggered in a fight or flight situation which in reality is a massive chemical imbalance yet there is a common belief that we are victims of our brains rather than our brains responding to our circumstances...The reason I like the latter is that it makes me realize that I might be anxious and depressed I might be able to do something to change my brain chemistry for my benefit. I don't know but I'd like to think it's possible. It's hard to see that when you're stuck down the rabbit hole of anxiety. I think that's the best place for medication. I view it as building a ladder or scaffold to get you out of the hole. Sometimes people can disassemble it once they're out sometimes they need to leave it there. We're all different...For now while you're waiting to rebuild the ladder maybe there are some things you can do to build a few steps. I went on walks runs cleaning binges. I remembered to put on music tried to meditate and played countless hours of spider solitaire whatever I could to get through a few more minutes. I figure if my brain has decided I'm in flight or fight mode I can do my best to try to tell it otherwise and maybe shift the chemical imbalance back towards tolerability...I don't know if any of this helps but if it even passed a little time there's that. This time will pass too. Feel free to message me if you ever want to.
Oh no! This sounds really rough sorry to hear that. ..You can get through it. It might be hard but you can hang in there until you start to feel better. ..Some of the things in my toolbox: .a) feeling safe when you are safe - my doc has me work on this just practicing feeling safe when there's no actual present danger/fear. Just saying to myself "I am here at home lying on the couch and I'm totally safe right now". Multiple times if necessary..b) taking inventory of what's in room. Like "hmm...here's a couch it's green it's soft'. And really focusing on everything that's in the room really intently. .c) yoga/massage/acupuncture ..Good luck I have PTSD/anxiety/depression and empathize with how difficult it can be sometimes. Being sober is way better for mental health than drinking. :) Hang in there! 
I remember while going through a similar situation: I eventually went from anti-depressant to anti-anxiety meds and then worked down to a minimal dose that I finally tapered off of. It took a number of years and I only finally stopped after a doctor recommendation and used their guidance during the process. Honestly if I ever had to return to using medication or had to use it the remainder of my life I wouldn't have an issue that and therapy changed my life more than any other single thing I've experienced...It's going to be okay things get tough but you'll make it through it it might suck but it will get better. ..It sounds like you're doing the right thing; keep up the good work friend.
I found long slow jogging to be extremely effective in calming anxiety and lifting me out of depression. 
((Hugs)) Prez.  I'm glad you decided to reach out.  We all need a hand sometimes. Knowing when to reach out for one is part of being healthy. ..You didn't say how long ago you quit (taper?) so how long it will take for them to kick back in can vary. In the meantime you might give this exercise a try. [Number two here.](http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/ART00521/three-breathing-exercises.html)  I recently discovered this and it has really helped calm me when my anxiety rises (which is pretty common right now...time of transition for me).  ..Hang in there friend okay? 
I think I have come on/off just about every anti-depressant most of the mood-stabilizers and a few anti-psychotics. Some are easier to come off of than others. I don't think I have ever successfully come off an SNRI because of side-effects  -- just switched from one med to another...I have been hospitalized due to extreme rebound anxiety while coming off meds. Maybe not exactly what you want to hear since that is a worst case scenario but I have definitely been there. I have had rebound anxiety and depression last for months before -- which isn't abnormal although the worst is usually over after a few weeks...Remember to just keep putting one foot in front of the other. It's a lot like early sobriety -- taking it one second at a time until that light at the end of the tunnel appears.
I got off anxiety meds when I was about 17 and it is ROUGH. I just slowly tapered off and for the last drop going from half a pill to nothing I actually went to a 2 week yoga retreat just so I would be around people and in a different setting. I wasn't really a heavy drinker at the time but I have been off all meds for a decade. ..You can do it just go easy on yourself. You can get Valerian root supplement at Walgreens or CVS and it's good for anxiety and insomnia. Really try to get good sleep turn off or dim lights right at sunset and try Melatonin. ..There's anxiety and then there is full panic attacks like this. Really try to get good sleep for a couple days. Here a youtube relaxation video using Binaural beats to slow brain activity..https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ORoHLlN9ct4..
Me too this is a great place.  I had significant depressive symptoms when I tried to stop my SNRI.  So I sympathize with you.  Hope this works out well for you.
