-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/380xxw/finally_told_my_wife/

I told my wife this afternoon. Not sure about how she took it. She comes from a very social family and they like their drinks. Weddings vacations etc. will be different for me now. On the bright side this opens up my ability to seek counseling and AA. I feel great that I told someone -it's liberating. I just relapsed a couple days ago but I feel like I'm on a better track now. Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

 Good on you for being honest. I hope your wife will be supportive of your decision. Stay strong bud.
I'm very happy to hear this!
You did the right thing. Be proud of yourself. 
I largely avoided exposure to alcohol for the first year of my sobriety and I still don't put myself in drinking environments without a good reason. But when I keep up my spiritual condition I can go to weddings parties etc no problem. It doesn't have to be different forever.
I'm from and married into a "social" family as well. Focus on you not them. Seek support and guidance from counselors and other committed AAs like you're planning and commit to their collective wisdom if only just for a time. This is a great first step in a great journey!
It must feel great to have put it out there and not carry it around anymore. Congratulations :) 
Get this app - Rewire (at least on Android). Go one day at a time.
Great job! Helps to keep you honest makes your quitting a little more real. It's really easy to slack off of your commitments when they're a secret. Getting support from those who do the most for you anyway is a big boost. Congrats.
I found a sponsor meditation prayer and treatment were integral to my recovery 
Good for you. Finally getting really honest with my husband about my drinking was an important step in creating a safe healthy and supportive home. 
Just had the conversation with my wife as well.  It is a bit liberating I think - hopefully she's be supportive and encouraging.  
Great job!  Don't worry about future functions just look at today.  I went to an AA meeting today and it was much more fun that those superficial conversations that happen at big drinking functions.  I actually felt supported - and by really nice people.  Your wife will probably wonder what will be expected of her drinking habits.  Hang in there. :)
That's great! Congrats! But one question how did you hide your NOT drinking from your wife?
