-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3834go/question_regarding_going_out_parties_bars_etc/

Throwaway account due to the nature of the question...Little back story:.To be honest I quit drinking because I wanted to start going to gym and I couldn't do that hung-over.  So I thought "Let me quit for a few days get into the pattern of going to the gym and then I'll have a few this weekend."..But it snowballed into a week then 2 weeks then a month and now 2 months.  Then I realized that each day that passed the number increased and the more "guilty" I felt having a drink.  ..That's not to say I wasn't a heavy drinker; I was.  I drank every day and for hours after work.  I was functional but I still had a problem I believed to be under control...My friends gave me shit for it (some still do).  When they ask why I quit or when I'm going to start again I tell them for fitness and when I hit my fitness goal (I've actually lost 12 lbs since)...Anyway the question:..Since I stopped I never had trouble going out to bars with friends going to parties and NOT drinking.  Some nights are harder than others but I just think about my number realize I'd be throwing it away for little to no reason and then welcome the challenge of NOT drinking and feel great the next morning to sticking to my guns...until this weekend...Warm weather friends and I took a trip to a major city amazing seafood ... *perfect conditions*.  As the night drew on the shots started to fly out to my buddies.  Everyone is in a good mood.  Drunk is drunk but at least I can say my friends are the happy ones...Now they're trashed.  They're buying expensive scotch they're talking to beautiful women they even crashed a bachelor party and livened it up...My friend turns to me while he's having a cigarette and says "I get you're doing this for health reasons and I know your dad died from alcoholism but you're healthy you're on the right track you can have one with us tonight."..I declined saying I'd just wait for a better holiday / opportunity.  Then I told him that as they got more drunk they talked to me less and less.  I was the outsider even though I didn't care they were drunk...He said "Well it's hard to talk to a sober person.  We're talking gibberish right now.  None of it makes sense unless you're drunk.  Talking to someone sober right now sucks.  You know you used to be the life of the party.  You would make us get up be active you always controlled the music made us have a good time talked to everyone... now you're just there sober.. I think that's another reason why.  You're not you anymore."..I was ok with it.  He was right.  Since quitting I'm more tame.  I'm level headed.  Ironically I'm also apathetic.  I don't feel social I don't care about people's long drawn out stories that are repeated a million times throughout the night because they're too drunk to realize they've already told me.  I have no interest in meeting new people...THEN it started to weigh on me.  I quit because I didn't think I needed booze to be that person.  I quit thinking "you don't need alcohol to have a good time.  To be the life of the party."  But now that I have 2 months behind me I'm actually NOT feeling like myself.  He *was* right.  Why can't I do this without alcohol?  Is it because of me?  Is it because of them?  Do they exclude me in a way that doesn't give me the opportunity to be that guy?  Am I coming off as judging even though I'm not?  Shit I even bought them a round of shots to show "hey I'm still on your side."  My friends stopped identifying with me.  They're still friends 99% are supportive.  One of them even drunkenly said "I'm so proud of you you really turned your shit around.  Keep killing it man."..I supposed I don't really have a question.  Really just an open invitation to other people's stories or similar struggles?..I didn't think quitting would change who I am but I feel less in control now than I did while I was drinking.  I can't get myself to a point of the high energy smiling talking fun loving guy I was and I'm not really sure whose fault it is.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a very common theme on this sub. My opinion and personal experience is that early sobriety was no time to be testing myself/risking my sobriety. I have to ask myself do I have a legitimate reason for being in these types of places or am I just trying to relive "the good old days" and steal a little vicarious pleasure from my friends...For my first year or so I really did not go out to bars. The few times I did I felt extremely uneasy and bad feeling the next day. Not worth it for me.
I'm not saying this is the case for you but after I stopped drinking I quickly realized who my true friends were and who were just drinking buddies. Unfortunately I lost a lot of "friends" when I got sober but the friendships I've retained have  more than made up for it. ..
I have two months today. I have been blessed with the absolute knowledge that I am an alcoholic and cannot drink normally - I drank without control for 17 years. My first drink was to get drunk. But the fact that you have this discomfort with alcohol and your goals around it points to it being a problem for you also...Should you start drinking again you will likely go back to being the person you were. Do you want to? It doesn't sound like it at all. You are conflicted about choosing sobriety because you say you thought you could still be the life of the party without drinking and you are disappointed that you are not. I think you are missing part of it: you can still be the life of the party but its not THAT party. ..Being the drunkest of the drunks at a bar is no longer your goal. Find some sober friends and do some sober activities. **Be the the life of those parties.** You don't want to drink anymore why are you out there in the same places and situations trying to act like you do? No wonder you feel anti-social and unhappy. It sucks to think about having to go out and find a new crew but at some point the line gets drawn. You change past the point where you want to still have "drinking buddies" as a non-drinker. You get tired of stuffing your true self so that your friends will still accept you. I have only been able to save two friends (other than lifelong besties that live 1000s of miles away) in sobriety. Two!! Only two that will spend time with me outside of a bar. That hurt but I'm worth more than my drinking abilities. I spend a lot of time alone making new friends is hard and I am kind of isolating myself a lot too. But I'm not "me" anymore. I'm not that girl ordering shots all night and telling the same stupid stories I don't want to be her and so I have to first find out *who I am* and find people who match that person. Slowly that is happening. I happen to meet people at AA meetings. Its a good place to find people who have a similar goal...If you get to the right place for your new self to be that high energy smiling talking fun-loving guy will come back. Let him breathe!..Last rant here:..&gt;My friend turns to me while he's having a cigarette and says "I get you're doing this for health reasons and I know your dad died from alcoholism but you're healthy you're on the right track you can have one with us tonight."..It sucks but this is not supportive and it's not something a friend would say. Its hard to see sometimes. Please believe that there are people out there who understand what you are going through and would love to have you as a sober friend..
Congrats on 2 months.  I am just getting back into sobriety after a couple year hiatus.  When i had 2 months dry it was still a constant effort...  it took me about a half a year or so to really learn how to cut loose.  I remember my jaw and belly hurting from laughing so hard with other sober folks.  My "wet" friends never gave me any shit--two of them even jumped on the wagon and remain sober to this day.  Some of my good friends never stopped drinking...and i still enjoy their company.  Its kind of amusing to me when they start to slur and let their guard down.  It makes me wonder if I was the same way--but in reality--i was way way worse.  I couldn't handle my blackout missions.  My finances my friendships my priorities had trouble handling them too.
Thank you for sharing. I can definitely relate to a lot of what you're describing. I have a hard time being around my old friends especially if they drink. I used to drink with them and now I don't. Back then I guess I just took part in all the drunken bullshit and I think they feel like I am judging them now that I've stopped. The other day a teammate from soccer said something like "Sobereuropean used to be so nice when he was drinking and now he's just angry or moody all the time". In some way he was right. I may seem more reserved or introvert now but I don't really feel that way. I think that is the impression they get because they compare my behaviour to how I used to be when I was drunk..
Dude we're in the same exact position. I don't know how long you've been off the sauce but I'm about to hit 8 months. I frequent places with alcohol probably 3x a week. Have been doing it since I succesfully detoxed. It's been a long journey and I've experienced all the stuff your wrote about. My two cents it will get better...The first month or two were the most annoying. Girls were the ones who repeatedly told me "But you're more fun when you drink." Well first off fuck anyone who tells you that. When I drink I'm loose and I don't have any problems. But that was the thing if I drank I'd always have to be drinking. Withdrawal was my problem and it almost ended up killing me...Now girls weren't the only ones to say that to me. A few close friends would bring that up at times. They'd ask me to finally take a drink with them some nights. They'd drunkenly say it mostly in good moods as if they felt bad for me for not being a part of their night. Other times they'd bring it up when I wasn't being very talkative while they chatted away. What I've finally come to realize is that the guys who say this to me are actually only really my drinking friends. My real friends don't mind my not drinking. It's just the drinking buddies that feel either bad or uncomfortable with me abstaining...When this happens I think about what I used to learn in class. A mean drunk who lashes out isn't acting that way due to alcohol. What they're doing is a product of who they really are. Now sometimes it may feel like alcohol lets us be different people but that's the tricky thing about. It's why alcohol is so deceptive. It took me awhile but I realized alcohol only really ever lied to me. It's sneaky like that. It let me lie to myself by telling me I could talk to that cute chick now because I had another shot under my breath and that huge weight was now off my shoulders. But that huge weight was only there because I let it...So what I do now is try and bring out my true self. It's why I go out so much even though most sober people actively campaign against doing exactly that. But I know my trigger is anxiety and social situations. So my answer to my drinking problem is stepping out of my comfort zone and facing my inner issues face to face. Everyday that I do this is another step in the right direction. I get closer to that "drunken fun guy" every time I go out and tackle my emotions. So instead of taking an extra shot or chugging scotch from a bottle I whip out some real courage rather than the liquid variety and just do my best. I'll continue to do so until I let the real me out. To me that'll be the coolest thing I'll have ever done and it's worth the slow progression no matter how long it takes.
