-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38irse/my_sponsors_changing_my_mind_about_aa/

I spent years being resistant to AA. When I went through rehab earlier this year AA wasn't presented as one of many options it was *the* option. I resented that and spent many weeks sporadically attending meetings and internally shutting down whenever I heard the words 'higher power' or 'God.'..Despite all my reservations I worked up the nerve to ask someone I respected if she'd be my sponsor. *This'll at least get my outpatient counselors off my back* I thought. But when I started meeting with her it turned out she was kind of ... amazing? Full of insights that made me think? And very much like me in that she's agnostic and logical and all the woo-woo God shot stuff doesn't come naturally to her at all?..We've been working the steps and did you know you can make them your own? You can change the words you don't like so they actually make sense in your own head. Hell I didn't know that. When I spoke about struggling with the concept of a higher power in rehab they told me not to worry my higher power could be anything "even a doorknob!" A DOORKNOB. I cannot adequately explain how much this example did not help me feel better about a cultish program that seemed full of magical thinking...What I love about my sponsor is that she shares her perspective -- but ultimately helps me find my own. For so long I thought you had to believe certain things to find value in AA now I understand that the first step is the only one we all have to complete in the same way. The rest is just a framework there's all sorts of room for individual interpretation and action. 
----------immediate responses--------

I spent a long time struggling against the predominantly Christian interpretation in my groups a product of the local political and social environment. But I eventually found my path like you with the help of a sponsor...Welcome aboard.
&gt; And very much like me in that she's agnostic and logical and all the woo-woo God shot stuff doesn't come naturally to her at all?..This has been my experience with the vast majority of people I meet at AA.  ..Glad you found something that's working for you.  :)
&gt;What I love about my sponsor is that she shares her perspective -- but ultimately helps me find my own...She sounds like an amazing sponsor. ..&gt;she's agnostic and logical and all the woo-woo God shot stuff doesn't come naturally to her at all?..Ummmmm... am **I** your sponsor????  ..Great post.  I was 'resistant' to everything... until I stopped...Sure made my life a whole lot easier! 
My problems with AA were it turned out largely of my own making and magnification.  I had to learn tolerance. I had to learn I would not like everybody they would not (gasp) always agree with ME!..I still find some meeting more helpful than others. I also have found that some of my biggest lessons have come from people I do not like...keep doing.  more will be revealed.
I really needed to hear this. I did treatment several years ago and had the exact same experience so I threw it all out the window. Now I'm trying to do this again on my own and I've been considering AA but that negative experience is still holding me back. ..I guess I just need to find the right group and the right people...
[deleted]
That is awesome! Being a 25 year old male I was extremely nervous when I realized that the majority my groups were filled with older women. A 65 year old female is now my sponsor and ultimately my role model.
I'm in AA and am and will remain an atheist. Honestly I don't work the program as intended and don't have a higher power. I mainly go to reinforce why I don't drink and to socialize/relate a bit. It's easy to forget how badly drinking affected my life and that I can't just have a few. AA especially speaker meetings helps me remember that really quickly.
Well as an Atheist I obviously have an issue with the religious aspects of AA. They would tell me "It's not religious you can use a doorknob as your higher power!" or "GOD=A Group of Drunks!" Well ok that's all well and god but lets look deeper than that shall we. The AA program is based on what? The 12 steps! The problem for me is with the 12 steps them selves. They have you listing all these "defects of character" then...... umm let go and let god??? Are you fucking serious? WTF umm no. If I don't believe in god and that he will have nothing fucking better to do than worry about my fucking drinking problem (rather than oh i don't know how about answering the poor soul who is praying his ass off begging that his cancer stays in remission... how about feeding babies in 3rd world countries?!?!) yeah........     God doesn't exist and if he did and he was busy answering ANYTHING other than life/death situation based prayers yeah fuck that version. SO that being said how can I then replace God with a doorknob? I can't. Period. You might be thinking "ok smart ass do you have any suggestions?" YES I do. What worked for me was Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. CBT. What that does for me was help me to deal with issues in my life and be more productive at solving my problems. Seriously this shit helped me. I read "The feeling good book" (I got it for like 9 bucks on Amazon) written by a professor at Stanford.  You take situations then see if any of the "Cognitive distortions" apply then reevaluate the situation! It's really as simple as that.  Read this if you have time it's only like 11 pages but it just might change your life if you're struggling with the whole AA thing http://www.apsu.edu/sites/apsu.edu/files/counseling/COGNITIVE_0.pdf   ..The other thing I did was get on Wellbutrin 300 mg a day which has basically allowed me to not be depressed and focus on this CBT shit. With both of these things in my life I've got over 3 months now
