-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38od4z/multiple_relapser_feeling_more_confident_than/

This is gonna be a battle but I watched Bronson yesterday and I wanna be a brawler...Im sick of living in this prison of relapse. Im 30 years old now and there is no excuse to be pathetic. I can drink 8/10 times and its a great experience. But those other 2/10 are killing me. And that's a bad roll of the dice when I think about it...I dont give a fuck about how wines taste. Or new breweries. Or drinking White Russians like the Dude. As much as I hate to admit it Im an alcoholic and I have to stop drinking as of right now. And im alright with that. Ive got the best family. And so much love. Its the perfect time. ..Im not even mad at my shitty last hurrah. I might even have to order some Kratom or something. But im gonna make it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am in the same boat. How do we stop spinning?
I had to relapse quite a bit before the whole sobriety thing took. Just keep trying and don't lose hope. 
Good deal but does this mean we have to lather you in butter now?...(Bronson reference) :D
Good for you.  Quitting is turning a switch to the off position and it sounds like you've done it.  ..Just be careful with the kratom.  It can be hard on your already hurt liver.  I may have damaged mine with it but it is hard to pinpoint a specific cause when someone drinks and experiments with legal drugs.  ..Go completely sober if you can.  Addiction is usually an issue that gets resolved when you face your demons and not with a chemical cure like kratom or ibogaine...The shortcut to sobriety is seeking professional help.  If you can find a psychologist or addictions counsellor you'll get past this rough point in your life a whole lot faster and easier...And it does get a whole lot easier..
Nice to meet you man....We've all been there.  Keep us updated will you?
&gt; I might even have to order some Kratom..Then you could eventually hang out at the kratom addiction recovery subs too! BRILLIANT. ..Why stop there?  I mean might as well go all out right?  Heroin PCP meth all of it might quitting alcohol easier. Drugs drugs drugs drugs amirite
