-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38xck4/my_second_sober_sunday_and_reflection_on_my/

So Sundays are huge trigger days for me because it's my only day off.  Not that that stopped me from drinking on every other day but this was my big day to start drinking at noon and not stop until I was drunk enough to pass out and wake up with a hang-over the next day...I've tried quitting hundreds of times.  Literally hundreds of times.  Most of those times I'd last until about 3 pm and then make some excuse as to why it was a good idea to drink tonight and then start getting sober tomorrow.  I had a lot of faith in the person I'd be tomorrow.  ..I don't know why exactly I've made it to day 11 this time.  Maybe it's because I felt like my friends were fed up with me cancelling plans so I could drink or because I was too hung over (I'd make up some excuse so they never knew the real reason.)  Or maybe because I suspect my partner is thinking of leaving me because he's sick of dealing with a stumbling drunk every night.  ..I've taken a new approach this time.  Rather than focusing simply on what makes me relapse (though that's important) I'm looking back on the periods of sobriety I HAVE had and asked why and how I was able to do it.  The longest I went was about 40 days around two years ago.  When I did that I had goals I had a plan and I kept track of my progress towards my goals.  My goals weren't just "quit drinking" but included a whole bunch of things I wanted to accomplish.  Positive things.  ..In the past however I've tried to do everything at once.  Quit drinking smoking and eating shitty food.  Time and time again I heard this wasn't a good idea but I never listened.  Well this time I'm listening.  This seems to be making a difference.  For the first five days I quit drinking I focused only on that.  The day was a success as long as I didn't drink.  Eat a bag of Doritos?  Fine just don't drink.  Sit on the couch and watch TV all day?  Fine just don't drink.  At the end of the day I could congratulate myself rather than say "Well you didn't drink but you did all this other bad stuff" I just stuck to that ONE goal and had compassion on myself.  This actually makes a huge difference.  ..On day 6 when I felt like my cravings had subsided my emotions fairly balanced and I was feeling much better physically I started changing what I eat.  Like actually looking up healthy recipes and making them as well as cutting out crap.  This was actually a lot easier to do than I expected.  Turns out a lot of what I ate was because I was drunk or hungover and without those two factors it hasn't been difficult yet.  So now I'm just doing those two things.  Not drinking.  Cooking healthy food.  Again - if I don't "accomplish" anything else that day it doesn't matter.  Didn't do the dishes for two days?  So what.  I didn't drink and I treated my body well regarding nutrition.  The dishes aren't going anywhere.  Smoke too much today?  Yeah that's a problem but that's not today's problem.  So I let it go.  ..I've also been focusing on the positive things I want to add to my life.  It's honestly hard after being drunk for ten years to know what I like to do that doesn't involve drinking.  I was 20 when I started spiraling and I'm 30 now.  I have no idea what the grown up me actually likes to do...Well I have SOME idea.  And I'm taking those things an applying them liberally.  So far this seems to be helping.  I used to like reading but have been too drunk to do that seriously.  So for the past 11 days I've been forcing myself to read and have gone through several books!  I'm keeping track on Goodreads and it feels great.  ..Relating to this I can't emphasize the power of distraction enough.  I'm finally watching Breaking Bad which I was also too drunk to watch.  I was too drunk to watch or concentrate on pretty much anything.  So have an addictive TV show and lots of books to read has helped. I'm also taking care of tons of shit around the house.  That also helps.  I can see how my sobriety is making a difference on the space around me.  ..Maybe most important is that I'm acknowledging my feelings.  Feelings matter in my opinion.  I can say "Yes I feel bored.  And that's OK.  So I'm bored.  I can deal with that."  And I don't let that become an excuse to drink.  ..So today when I usually would be counting down the minutes until I could get drunk I'm reading watching TV doing repairs around the house cooking interesting and healthy meals hanging out SOBER with my partner going to a movie going for a walk.  Might not seem like an exciting accomplishment but it's a big deal for me.  ..Good luck to all of you.  Keep moving forward.  
----------immediate responses--------

Great update keep doing what you're doing.  
My second Sunday as well and I can relate to Sundays being a trigger. Good luck. Peace. 
I am the exact same way man. I just counted ever sober day as a positive and let myself do what ever I need do. I got nothing done my first sober weekend. ..For years I would try to stop drinking make it 4 or 5 days have a super lazy day watching tv eat bad then think 'I might as well get drink I already fucked up' ..Stick with it man there's better days ahead!
Dude every day you stay sober is a big deal.  Never feel like it's not.  Your plan is solid and one I'm pretty much following as well...Stick with it if it's working!
This was a great post. Seems like you're really committed. Congrats :)
