-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38z8vi/increasingly_sadand_holding_it_together/

I've been sober for almost 50 days now.  The past week or so I've been getting more and more sad.  I feel like crying and am also very angry at the world.  I'm very irritable and I feel like no amount of talking or stepwork or reading or meditating is going to take it away.  I know that being sober is "good for me" but there's a large part of me is that is mad that the rest of the world doesn't have to deal with this like I have to.  Of course I know I'm not the only alcoholic/addict out there but it just seems so unfair.  How bratty right? :)..I've been going to AA meetings and just started working the steps with my sponsor.  I don't feel I see or talk to him much but I've heard it's "up to me" when it comes to reaching out.  I guess my problem is I don't reach out much in the first place.  What do you all do when you feel like this?  I've been having dreams of using again and I was upset at myself in my dreams for relapsing.  I'm also tired of telling those around me that I've quit drinking and I'm tired of them "checking in" on me to see how I'm doing...like I'm sick or something.  My most hated word right now is "grateful"...I hear that so much from people in meetings and on Facebook and other places that it makes me want to roll my eyes while projectile vomiting--people can't possibly be this "grateful" for living in this rough world...I know I sound like a nut job with this post but I needed to vent.  How do you guys and gals get through these rough dark cynical times?  I don't want to relapse and I want that peace and serenity that comes with being sober.  Please help.
----------immediate responses--------

I call my sponsor. 
At 50 days I had spent 00.91324% amount of time in recovery as I had spent drinking.  Some perspective on the whole thing.
You're exactly where you're supposed to be. It might be beyond frustrating but when I was at 50 days I was starting to deal with all of the things I stuffed down deep inside. I was also taught to do exactly what I don't want to. That means calling my sponsor/building and maintaining a network. The peace and serenity that comes with sobriety is so much deeper than any I had while using but it also takes longer to get to. Once I got here though my perspective on my alcoholism changed. It was no more longer poor (pour) me it was a gratitude because I learned how to handle all of life's problems. Non-alcoholics don't have this resource or an amazing fellowship full of love support and no judgements.
Sometimes you just don't have the energy to be grateful that's fine.  Save that for another day give yourself the allowance to not feel grateful right now...I'm glad to hear you were mad at yourself in your dream.  I had a bunch of those dreams in the first oh I'd say 6-9 months.  They stopped pissing me off maybe around 75-90 days.  It's good that you were mad because you get to experience the pain of "ugh I fucked up" without actually fucking up...Regarding being mad about the rest of the world not having to deal with this it happened to me just today out of nowhere.  I wish I was one of those people that could spend a Sunday afternoon drinking at a bar.  But I can't not if I want to keep the things I care about in working order.  Bummer.  I get over this by thinking about how much of a pain in the ass it'd be to keep myself in check if I had a couple drinks (lol "a couple") and it soon becomes obvious why it's easier to just stay sober...In general when I get down especially during the early days in my sobriety I try to remember that the downs feel worse than they really are because I'm forced to *feel* them.  That's new.  Usually I'd just smoke weed about it or something.  So sometimes I think "Aw this isn't really as bad as it feels" and I start to believe it.  Sounds kind of weird but it's kind of like faking it until you make it...No matter what as long as you get to bed sober tonight ya did good today.  Don't forget to pat yourself on the back there.
I'm sorry you are struggling :(.&gt;How do you guys and gals get through these rough dark cynical times?..That's just it. You get through it. This too shall pass. You can be irritable and angry at the world you just can't drink. It really sucks I know. I get unreasonably fucking angry sometimes when the people around me get to drink and I can't... but then they drink too much and act like asshats and I get to feel vindicated. I'm only a few days ahead of you so I'm no expert but I think (and hope) everything will get easier with time.
That's similar to where I was at around day 50.  Something suddenly shifted around day 55 for me. ..As for gratefulness do you eat food? Do you have shoes? Do you have somewhere dry to sleep at night? Once I started being thankful for the things I already have new channels of appreciation opened to me.  ..Hope things start looking up for you soon. 
