-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3916fz/relapsed_another_weekend_down_the_drain/

Relapsed pretty hard this weekend posting for accountability and to reset my badge. It all started Friday night a friend came over and brought a bottle of vodka...I'd been around people drinking before and was fine but something clicked in my head when I was offered a drink even though I'd been fine saying no plenty of times before...After that it was automatically back to my old habits. Two or three drinks in I went straight to the store and bought a six-pack then another and don't remember if there was a third involved it isn't important at that point. Woke up Saturday with a hangover chugged water and took asprin waited until the headache went away and went right back to drinking. Sunday I woke up at 10 having skipped the hangover and gone straight to withdrawl and decided I didn't want it to ruin my Sunday and to have "just one or two" to take the edge off. Yeah that didn't happen I was shitfaced by noon and it wasn't until nearly 11 PM that I'd sobered up enough for it to dawn on me that "Holy crap I haven't even eaten yet today." I forced down a few handfuls of chips just to have *something* and dragged myself to bed...Woke up this morning in full-on withdrawl mode shaking sweating anxiety and restlessness the whole thing. Luckily I didn't do anything dangerous or overly embarassing I'm one of those drunks who'd rather just chill and play video games or watch Youtube but it's another weekend I completely wasted and another sober streak lost. I guess I'll have to re-double my efforts and not think it's okay to take a "break" from sobriety every now and then it always ends up the same. Moderation just isn't in my vocabulary when it comes to drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I am having to hit reset to--made it almost two weeks and decided it would be okay to go to a festival Friday night and then the local horse races Saturday night. Pretty mad at myself as I feel disgusting right now---it's just not worth it anymore.
I had to reset my badge 37 days ago after being sober for 2 weeks.  It goes to show that you have to be always vigilant even more so when friends are around.  But also a relapse isn't the end.  You can always bounce back from this.  
May I ask what you had been doing prior to this weekend to work on your recovery/sobriety?
It took me a bunch of times doing this exact thing before I was able to convince myself I couldn't do it. Keep trying.
