-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39g016/how_do_you_deal_with_being_around/

Hey guys..I am 15 days into my sobriety and taking it day-by-day! One of the issues I'm experiencing is that my husband is a drinker and drinks almost every day. This week there have been two days where he had over 5 drinks. I think I'm starting to feel resentful because when I came home from work yesterday he was already at a bar for happy hour. Even after that his friend came over and they continued to drink. I just really have started to dislike the drinking now that I've started to distance myself from it. I think I'm just uncomfortable/annoyed being sober when those around me are tipsy or intoxicated and I need to find a brand new outlet and activities in my life. ..Does anyone else experience this annoyance or resentment especially if your significant other is still a (somewhat heavy) drinker? I'm not sure how I can get through it. Any guidance or suggestions would be superb! I don't want to be a jerk to those who have chosen to continue drinking but at the same time I'm really struggling with my own feelings.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Does anyone else experience this annoyance or resentment..As far as I know everyone experiences this.  You are not alone.  ..For me I stayed away from people who were actively drinking in early sobriety.  There was simply no point in being with them....
&gt;I need to find a brand new outlet and activities in my life. ..I think this is a great idea. Find what you love to do stuff that has nothing to do with drinking...&gt;Does anyone else experience this annoyance or resentment especially if your significant other is still a (somewhat heavy) drinker?..I am lucky as my SO (well sort of she broke up with me but we are still working things out) is not a drinker. Take it or leave it and she will pretty much always leave it you know? However my immediate family...they enjoy their drinks. It's hard. There's always beer in the fridge a wine bottle on the counter etc. I've gotten through it before by making sure I have plenty of my own tasty drinks - I LOVE flavored seltzer with a squeeze of lime or lemon - and an exit plan. If it got to be too much I was out. I have to do what's best for me. ..That said I'm again in early sobriety and though I want to see my family over the 4th of July weekend I'm leaning toward not going. I feel like I could be putting myself in a position that I don't want to be in and I have everything to lose.
I will struggle with this as I introduce my new lifestyle to friends and family. Bottom line is I'm not drinking so by all means enjoy yourself but don't make me feel uncomfortable about my choice. If it's that big of an issue I will cut them out...As for your significant other have you expressed the way his drinking makes you feel?
In early (first year) sobriety I felt the need to not challenge myself. I asked people to not drink around me and to realize that if they were drinking I would not be there. It was important to me to get stable with myself first before trying to deal with stress. Today it does not bother me at all I have been around alcohol many many times and it has been no big deal.
Until last weekend I had avoided it from 185 days.  I passed up christmas my father's 70th birthday etc.  You can't avoid your husband but you could ask him to moderate his drinking around you or go somewhere else.  Yes find something else to do.  I started woodworking.  I also know of several places that do addiction recovery yoga for those that want to get healthy.  I also took up walking 3 to 5 miles a day and lost 30 pounds doing it.
[deleted]
