-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39j3on/i_fear_im_approaching_a_relapse_tomorrow/

Alcohol has been on my mind the past six hours. I felt decent not drinking today but my mind kept wandering to tomorrow. We have a company outing and today someone scheduled a pregame beforehand... So I scheduled over it with a meeting. But now the thought of drinking had entered my mind like it wasn't before (I didn't even think there would be stuff at the event and I still don't but I'm thinking about it now). After work I have a long rehearsal with the band which will be awesome but after I was going to stop by a friend's birthday party. I didn't think about drinking there until... Tonight. I won't even make it to the full event but now I'm thinking about how I could have a drink drop the guitar off and have a night out on the town... ..It feels a bit easier putting it out there. The thought of coming home and going to bed at ten on a Friday is sad to me for some reason now. I know it'll be different tomorrow when I've been up for seventeen hours. ..If the cravings are really bad I'll excuse myself from the party and at the work function I'll sprint to the activities to avoid stopping at any bars. ..Bleurgh. Love....Edit: to try and vocalize a little more. I'm definitely frustrated because I felt I planned such a good sober Friday and now my mind is messing it up. ..Edit2: I've been playing the tape forward a bit and am less and less excited about the prospect of drinking. I'm focusing on a hazy Saturday afternoon as I awaken having downed fifteen drinks and not having done much else the night before... 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd take a mental health day lol. It's so easy to get swept up into the wrong situation. When in doubt I opt out.
&gt; The thought of coming home and going to bed at ten on a Friday is sad to me for some reason now...What's sad about putting yourself and your sobriety first? I was very selfish with my time and how I spent it in early sobriety. I told plenty of people that I wasn't going out to their birthday parties and felt no guilt. I wasn't really missed. And same for the work function unless you're paid to be there why bother? Just another way to find that excuse to have a drink and reset the work you're trying to do by staying sober. To me a night in bed at 10 safe and out of temptation is always a much less stressful way to spend an evening rather than trying to steer clear of booze for an entire night. ..Good luck with what you decide to do. ..
Just made it four days.  Went from insomnia for two nights to a peaceful happy third night sleep.  Tonight i feel even better than yesterday.  It gets better so quick.  Hang in there.  
FOMO - Fear Of Missing Out. Man is a social creature. This is what did me in during college - socialising was drinking and drinking was socialising. I was never really popular in school but I found I could go out and get pissed up in college and be super confident having mega "fun" times - I would drink a whole bottle of vodka and THEN go out for the night - on a Wednesday the night before a 9:00 exam. Jesus young me was a dick.
If I am not 100% certain I will remain sober I do not attend an event that has alcohol.  I did not reach times of 100% certainly until months into sobriety.  I think it's foolish - assuming you actually want sobriety - for you to consider going to any of these drinking events if you feel the way that you are expressing...Events come and go and new ones will be there in the future.  A relapse can be permanent.
