-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39jdp9/gonna_have_to_start_over_at_day_1/

So I am going to have to start over...I slipped up.  I didn't get wasted but I drank and smoked some pot neither which are good choices for me. Nothing catastrophic happened but I know it's a slippery slope. In other words I WILL drive drunk I will do stupid things & endanger myself and others. ..I don't have a plan YET but I know I need to have a better plan.  When i first quit I made a promise to myself that if I had trouble staying quit that I'd go to a support group (AA or SMART etc). So I know that'll be part of my plan. ..It's self-sabotage and it's loneliness and it's wanting to not feel my emotions.  I've been struggling with shyness/low self-esteem & that's how it's manifesting itself.  I know I will get back on track. This is my first serious attempt at quitting & I feel good about how much I accomplished in a short few months. I drank heavily for all of my adult life so having 4 months clean is a good first step. Now I just need to get back on track & get another 4 going.  Ultimately I know that sobriety is what I want and that my emotional issues are getting in the way. There's a part of me that doesn't believe I deserve the good stuff in life and I let that part of me make the choices. I have been struggling with my mood lately & I let down my guard.  In a way it's not so bad because revisiting alcohol made me realize I don't want my old life back & I'm going to get back in the saddle. ..
----------immediate responses--------

When I started I went hard at going to AA and I learned a lot.  Sometimes the meetings aren't where you want to be but I have learned a lot in doing 90 for 90 meetings.  ..  Good luck and remember it's only one day at a time!
I always struggled at fitting in an being me. Alcohol allowed me to say the things and be the person I wanted to be. Unfortunately it took hold of my life and I became a miserable person...Working the steps with a sponor really allowed me to grow as a person. I still have some of the same hang ups but to a lesser degree. I'm a better version of me. I'm the me I wanted to be all along. The thought of drinking rarely occurs for me anymore and when it does it fades quickly and if it lingers I have people I can talk to that help get me out of my funk. 
Hey Stown I know where you're at completely. I drank recently after 6 months of being sober. I drank one night quit again for a week and then drank daily and heavily for a month straight. I regret every moment of it. Don't be a me. Get back on that sober train right away. I'm on day 4 just trying to get back into the sober life. I truly hope you stick around SD and keep it up :)
Wow you caught yourself fast. You should recognize that as a good accomplishment. Some people will binge for weeks before coming back on the sober train. Good job. I really think you will do it this time!
These are things I have struggled with too shyness was what put me off AA until very recently I decided to give it a go. It was completely different than I had expected. It was great I finally found people who were(like on this sub) like me! I've only been to three so far and each in different places with each one having a  different vibe. I dipped my toe in the water because at that point I had nothing to lose by trying. I'm glad I did but I understand it's not for everyone...Keep your chin up you came back and that's great! Let's do this :)
Hi Susantown Im sorry to hear you've been struggling and had a slip up we stopped around the same time so I kind of know where you're at psychologically at the moment... I am muddling through my emotions and feelings of loneliness at the moment too. I wish there was something profound I could say to help you through this you just had a minor setback and I think you are a superstar for getting straight back on the wagon. If ever you need to chat feel free to PM me.  
Hey Susantown. Sorry to hear this but pretty impressed with your resolve to get immediately back on track. And it's good that you'll be trying something different...You **do** deserve the good stuff in life but the only one who can give it to you is you.
