-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39rzbf/as_a_younger_person_i_need_advice_on_how_to_stop/

Hey everyone. I'm only 23 and so I can't say I've been an alcoholic for years and years or anything and I really don't want to trivialize the experiences of people who have been struggling with this problem for so long...But here I am and I drink a lot. I've drank heavily since I turned 19 so almost 4 years now. College of course made it worse.  A 6 pack of beer a day if I'm lucky sometimes a bottle of wine but a lot of the time a bottle of hard liquor. A lot of it has to do with depression and anxiety and I recognize that solving *those* problems will help change this behavior. But that said I don't think I can actually solve those problems without cutting out the alcohol...I'm in a place right now where I've just graduated from university and due to my and my family's financial situation (we're pretty poor) I'm living at home. I apply to jobs I look for work but nothing ever works out. So I drink because there's nothing else to do...Every day I say to myself: no not today today I will not drink. But somehow I get to this point **every fucking day** where I head to the store and buy alcohol. It's like I don't even think about it. It's like someone else takes over like I fall asleep and wake up with booze at my feet. Sometimes I tell myself "oh you'll only have a little bit you can make the bottle/case last for a long time" but of course that never happens...I'm just really frustrated with it. It inhibits my ability to get my life together. And I'm fucking tired of it. I don't enjoy drinking any more. It's just something that numbs the depression and anxiety. And I know that it's wrong. But I don't know what to do!..I think that this is a community that might have some good advice about how to change my life now while I'm young so that I don't continue this. ..I want to stop this before it becomes a part of who I am...Any advice would be appreciated. Thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

gravityistoomuch the first step towards sober living is acknowledging that there is a problem and a pattern of behavior that we'd like to change. Alcoholism doesn't discriminate by age and you don't need to be at the bottom of a bottle for decades to have a legitimate drinking problem...Take things one day at a time invest your energy into other things make a conscious plan to stay sober at the beginning of each day. Work on yourself your relationships the way you approach the world...It's not always fun or pretty but the amalgamation of all the trials and temptations we go through amounts to a beautiful cathartic experience...By the way also 23!
So much of your post is focused on your belief that you're not that bad off or that this isn't already a serious problem.  This is already a part of who you are. ..The only way I know of for an addict to overcome his addiction is to stop altogether.  Is that your aim?
It's not how much you drink how often or how long you have done it. It's how much of a control alcohol has in your life...-8 days sober
&gt;|A lot of it has to do with depression and anxiety and I recognize that solving *those* problems will help change this behavior. But that said I don't think I can actually solve those problems without cutting out the alcohol...Incredible insight especially for one so young.  You are on the right track!.
&gt;I want to stop this before it becomes a part of who I am...If I could turn back time I'd have liked to have shown the teen and early twenty-something versions of me that I had a serious drinking problem at each one of those stages. I drank problematically and it only progressed. ..I was convinced what I was doing was ok normal necessary cool. It was none of thise things. You're already a step ahead of where I was by recognising a problem...I'd like to have had a conversation with my past self that conveyed what I know now:..* A few of my peers got help and quit alcohol at university. I'd liked to have been one of them rather then than waiting another decade or so...* Alcohol problems tend to progress and get worse. ..* It's easier to quit than moderate..* Sober life is not only possible it's deeply rewarding...* The thoughts I had about alcohol were largely messed up...* This thing will hold me back over the next decade and slowly destroy my career finances relationships physical and mental health. Now if I don't quit it'll kill me.
I'm 20. It's not about age. It's about the effect alcohol has on your life. I am a better happier more successful person sober and it sounds like you would be too. Sure I could wait until I'm 40 until I accept I'm an alcoholic. I could justify it in so many ways. If it's not 'bad enough' to quit now why on Earth would I continue drinking until a point where it is? Why would I consciously decide 'I need to make my life worse before I can accept I have a problem?' Alcohol has already had so many negative effects on my life. If none of them are enough of a motivator what will be? How far down would I let myself go before I decided I *really* needed to quit? Would I even be able to at that point? Some people get unlucky. You could decide to quit in your thirties and get liver failure at 28. Me I don't want to take that chance. All we have is today and today I will be sober. 
This was me 25 years ago. I kept telling myself it wasn't that bad and kept drinking for those 25 years. I would suggest taking a break from drinking 30 days at a minimum but preferably 6 months. This will give you a clear head and time to reassess your relationship to alcohol.   If you can't complete the break then that also is a very strong indicator of what role drinking plays in your life. ..I do remember that the desire to be normal and join in all the socializing was an enormous pressure. I also was able to absorb a lot of the abuse because I was young. However sooner or latter quickly or slowly it will get worse - maybe not the quantities but definitely the consequences. Alcohol abuse will eat away at your life's potential. 
Hey dude also 23 and recently sober here. Don't drink today. That's the start. wake up every day from now on with the thought "I wont drink today maybe tomorrow" that way tomorrow never comes. Also I've gotten a lot out of AA. Give it a shot. 
[deleted]
I'm also 23 &amp; had a lot of similar thoughts at first. I also had buckets of denial &amp; a lot of resentment over being an alcoholic...The best thing for this was going to as many meetings as possible - I've found a LOT of identification listening to women of all ages as a lot of their experiences were mine also I could see a lot of yets in what they had to say. Younger women are a small proportion but even talking to some in passing I identify SO much with their stories etc it sort of makes it impossible to deny. Also - seeing younger people (those who came in at 23 25 whatever) who have years/decades of sobriety with amazing lives is ridiculously motivating &amp; keeps me coming back to meetings/making good choices (&amp; tbh doing work when I really can't be fucked)...I've actually been thinking about coming in so early a lot recently - there's a section in the big book (also chapter 2 has some amazing stuff about being young / female (if you are - I have just assumed this sorry!) and entering. ..Definitely try a few meetings and then see how you feel!! xx
