-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39xy5u/its_the_little_things/

Just some observations random thankfulness. ..Apparently I'm still accident prone. Twisted my knee. Kinda thought it was the booze before. Nope! I'm just a klutz. Ha!..I asked my husband if he ever worried that I would start sneaky drinking again. He said no because I'm able to be more honest now. This makes me feel amazing. I never want him to worry the way he did before...Birthdays can still be fun...Floating the river with a cooler full of sparkling water makes the drive back to town afterward *much* easier...Being bored is ok...Solid poo. It takes a while to get used to it after a decade or more of heavy drinking...COFFEE!..The sweet tooth. Dear god the sweet tooth.....Celebrating is much cheaper these days and more frequent...Anxiety has faded. Not all the way but enough that I'm not thinking about it all the time...I fear relapse less and less the longer I go on. I also fear the new low tolerance I must have and don't want to test it's limits. ..I'm not as scatterbrained. The first couple of weeks I couldn't even form coherent thoughts and I thought I had drunk myself dumb but it came back. Took a while but I'm not struggling to put together sentences anymore...Remembering things is neat!..I'm not as messy and I'm taking better care of myself. My skin looks amazing!..There are so many things to come. For now I'm happy about the little things.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting this I find it inspiring to read what people who have been at this longer experience and I appreciate your positive perspective :) 
This almost looks like it was written by me :-).. I swear the walls and doors in my house still jump out at me. Conversely I can now think back to the origins of any bruises I get. For a while there it looked as if I competed in roller derby I had so many bruises and couldn't tell you where any of them came from...The relief of not having to hide things and/or lie to my husband is almost overwhelming. He recently told me he almost left me a few years ago before I got better at hiding my drunkenness. That made my heart drop! ..Coffee is my new BFF. Sugar was a close second for a while. I've backed off from that a bit now that my systems seems to have righted itself. Never had a sweet tooth before I quit but in the first few months it was relentless! ..When I'm really stressed I pick my skin. I rarely did it when I drank but it's gotten worse here lately. That's something I'm working on now. ..Congrats on making it this far. You have a great attitude!  
Oh how I love how much more clear my skin is!! and solid poops. (this is like my fourth comment about poop today I'm worried.)
Congrats!..I'm right there with you on sobriety date. ..I've been feeling some moments of genuine happiness over the last several weeks. ..I'm really grateful I remain sober and I'm looking forward to hitting some milestones over the summer. ..Take care!
Wow. Being bored is ok. That's a huge one for me. 
Coffee! I've always been a coffee drinker but recall how it made me feel even worse after a night of drinking. Sober I find coffee utterly irresistible. There is nothing better than a great cup of joe early in the morning. It's so god damned good.
