-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3a7bat/really_struggling_with_realising_the_hurt_ive/

Things have been difficult with my boyfriend and it's become apparent that some of the things I've said and done whilst drunk have really hurt him more than I had realised. I could lose him and the reality of the situation has only truly set in now. I guess having some space from drinking and being able to reflect has allowed me to see things more clearly...It's really put into perspective how much I've let myself and the people I care about down. Since I was a teenager I've regularly drunk to the point of blacking out. I've said horrible things to people sometimes none of which I can usually remember. It's a fucking poison that I've been using my entire adult life to give myself the illusion of confidence. I feel so incredibly angry with myself that I've hurt the man I love so deeply. It breaks my heart to think of losing him. I will never touch another drink in my life if it means keeping him in it. I'm sick of being such an asshole. He deserves better.
----------immediate responses--------

Recovery is the only amends that means anything long term...The good news is it is probably easier than you imagine.
YOU also deserve better ;) It wasn't apparent to me until much later how badly I was treating myself while drinking. I'd make poor decisions in activities health food finances hygiene relationships and the list goes on and on. I can't believe I was able to live like that for so long. ..I've found that making amends and fixing a lot of my past wreckage has really helped me stay sober and really overall as a human. I can see why programs like AA emphasize these type of things because it has given me a tremendous freedom and I'm a lot more comfortable in my skin. ..I know you've probably heard it before but try not to think of it as getting sober for him. It's ok to have that as a motivation but get better for yourself. The best way to make it up to others is for them to see your efforts and progress over time. Best of luck + blessings
My wife says the best amends are my living amends. Showing up like a husband and father should . Point is things take time and even if things don't work out with your boyfriend you are in a better place sober. Someone told me "there's nothing so bad that a relapse won't make it worse"
