-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3adp8c/one_yearwhat_do_i_win/

Hi guys checking in and doing my obligatory one year in sobriety post. ..A year ago.. I remember quite vividly. I was in the middle of a four day drinking bender having lost sensation in my arm (due to cubital tunnel..NOT alcoholic neuropathy) when I realized I should probably curb on the sauce. I had a plan to commit suicide shotgun in the mouth in the bathtub filled with ice in hopes I could give away my organs. Really sad lonely pitiful place I was in. I opened the fridge to the last can of Blue Moon and said this is it. I'm going to really do this. I pounded it and took a nap. I woke up that night (tonight 365 days ago) yearning a drink anything to put me back to sleep so I took the only sleep aid in the house at the time.. Nyquil. Yes my last swig of alcohol was Nyquil of all things. And not so that I could get drunk but so that I could sleep through the night sweats and the cravings. LOTS of diphenhydramine was swallowed in my first month of sobriety.  ..Here I am 365 days later about 15 pounds lighter.. though a little more muscle and a little less fat. I feel.. a lot better. I can think much clearer and more in tune I guess is a good word. I still have a problem with depression that I struggle with a good deal but it is getting a little better than what it was. I won't say I'm any better of a person but I at least do not have to hide who I am anymore to anyone. I am an alcoholic and I'm not drinking today. I've also managed to quit smoking (6~ months strong! I'm trying to tackle caffeine but I think that might have to be my one vice lest really losing my fucking mind) and I've also picked up my tennis game again. (Hit 3 aces in a row today!)  ...I do want to thank this subreddit for the insightful posts and encouragement in some of my own times of despair and when I was in need. ..To the person lurking and wondering if you too should think about not drinking.. try it! After reading some posts here I realized how much of a lightweight I was (About a sixer + an IPA bomber 5-6 nights a week liquor on the weekends) but it was a very lonely and sad addiction. The reasons why I drank were much worse than how much. ..One thing I must say has been the most notable in my health is my blood pressure. I donate blood regularly (even while drinking) and towards the end of my drinking my blood pressure was so high I was being deferred for out of range bp. Acceptable ranges are 50-100 diastolic/90-180 systolic and I was hitting 110-112 diastolic. Really really unhealthy at 25. And of course I didn't see the doctor about it. Now I'm around the upper to mid eighties on my diastolic depending on whether or not I drank coffee that morning. It's still a bit elevated but it's dropped a helluva lot from where I was. So now I might actually make it to 30. ..Thanks again /r/stopdrinking
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!! You win what sounds like a much better life and I'll throw in an upvote just for you!
Congratulations I hope your next year is even better. It sounds like you are making good improvements. I hope you have a great day.
You just won(through hard work of course) one mothafuckin year of sobriety and a brighter future! Congratulations!
You are a DINO!  
[deleted]
Congrats on a year!
That's awesome to hear - thanks for checking in and sharing.  
Nice job and congrats! Sounds like you're really seeing the benefits of staying sober. It's important for me to remember how bad it all felt at the end especially once life starts getting good again in sobriety. So really glad to hear you made it past that moment and on to a better way of living. Keep it going - it continues to get better!
Congratulations on this first year! So many positives have come in light of your sobriety! This is awesome :)
TLDR he won some happiness. Congratulations op. 
What I found you win is that no one will doubt that you are serious about this. 
Congrats you deserve this better life you have created for yourself!
I laughed when I read that your last drink was nyquil. I accidentally drank nyquil a few weeks ago before I realized there was alcohol in it. Fortunately I immediately hit the pharmacy and got something without alcohol. My spouse who was sick alongside me asked me if I wanted him to remove the nyquil from the house. I thought that was a supportive comment. I told him it was unnecessary because that was true. I had no urge to drink nyquil just get over the damn cold. I did although it did linger a lot. Which just motivates me to quit smoking because I know that smoking definitely does not help!
Congrats on one year!
You won an entire year of viewing the world as it was meant to be viewed. Congratulations. You are awesome!
Too bad you forgot to register.  We usually award a free trip to the Bahamas for the first year of sobriety!..Just kidding of course you got something much better - your life back...Congrats.
You win a better life! COngratulations!
I want what you have :) Congrats!
Congratulations!
Congrats on a whole year and six months smoke free. I somehow quite smoking before I quit drinking but in someways the smoking was harder maybe because it was such a physical addiction. With alcohol I didn't crave a drink in the middle of the day but I would do a cigarette. Addictions are strange. ..You last sentence might actually make it to thirty really hit home with me. I was definitely heading down a bad path with my heart and my drinking and family history. Congrats on being a badass.
