-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3aksyd/tackle_only_the_drinking_issue_first_then/

If you had other mental issues you needed to deal with in addition to alcoholism how did you approach everything? All at once? One after the other?..I admitted my alcohol problem and need to at least "decrease" my drinking 3 years ago. I thought of things purely factually from a drink vs no drink or drink <onlythismuchperweek> amount point of view. I tried quitting so many times. I tried decreasing my intake so many times. I tried switching alcohols etc etc you know the story. But for such a long time I failed so many times. Even after being so decided on quitting forever I failed and failed. ..I focused on the problem as purely an addiction. The habit formed and now I must stop the habit. So it's as simple as taking things one day at a time and just not taking that first drink. Lots of distractions and coping mechanisms for when I have cravings. Yet still I kept failing. I guess I just relied on willpower to not take the first drink never really managed to have the right tools for relapse prevention. I went to AA but didn't really listen or trust. I read the books but didn't pay attention to what it was trying to say because let's admit it it's difficult understand (cliff notes version please?). I blamed AA for making me feel crazy but really that's just all if the issues I need to deal with when I take away the alcohol. So I didn't stay and kept trying and failing on my own...I realise now I have a lot of other problems that probably connect. I have issues as many people I guess do that probably go way back. Maybe the drinking is not all just because "it became habit and so my brain got addicted and everything will be dandy by just breaking that habit" perhaps I have a lot more work to do. Addictive personality - Eating disorders relationships self harm misusing prescription drugs ...  I guess it all connects...So now I'm back in AA and things are still very confusing but making a little bit more sense now. I'm starting to understand all the arguments about non religious people needing to be open minded. I thought I was open minded before but I wasn't. I'm trying now...I guess this post is a bit of a brain dump but I want to know what you think too. I read before once someone posted about having an eating disorder they had to wait until they dealt with getting sober first then deal with eating disorder treatment. I guess Im curious what others have done in their own situations how you processed through the "other demons" or whatever. Was it a matter of just quitting for you or did you have a lot of other mental cleanup to do to alongside or did the other mental cleanup come after...?
----------immediate responses--------

It's amazing how all the problems that I thought I had to work on cleared up after I stopped drinking.  Other things were taken care of by working the steps.  It's hard enough to focus on not drinking one day at a time so doing something about other things can wait until the fog lifts. Worked for me.
i think it is somewhere in between..on one hand you don't want to overwhelm yourself because it will lead to escapism - most often full blown relapse. groups like coda (co dependents anonymous) or aca (adult children of alcoholics) suggest that you should first have a year sober because it is heavy stuff. but frankly in the long term i see those programs as more capable dealing with underlying problems...on other hand - you will have to address some beheivior models or you will eventually switch alcoholism to some other addiction. generally anything that makes you feel good is potential source of addiction. even running (endorphins). i have ran to injury i have seen others run to injury. it passes as addiction...you mention other mental issues. have you been in therapies? some medications are having added benefit with reducing cravings and anxiety without being addictive themselves. .also therapies like CBT can help a lot and are relatively short.
[deleted]
I feel really pressured to be tackling everything at once. My sponsor sort of goes on attack if I do something like hook up with a guy if I have a bad day. I have a huge amount going on right now I live in my car I'm trying to stay sober I need a full time job etc. I'm not beating myself up for a little bit of self-medication via social interaction. Ten minutes to forget the giant shit pile I created is worth the risk right now. I can fix my other addictions later.
I've read up a bit on [treating comorbid conditions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkfaiB5uQMg) and the right treatment approach but I'm not qualified to comment...I gave up my eating disorder over a decade ago with the support of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. However I did not address my relationship with alcohol at the same time despite recognizing that I was using both activities in a similar way to escape negative emotions...When giving up alcohol I had to be vigilant that my eating disorder didn't have room to regain foothold. I still had a [CBT workbook](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Overcoming-Bulimia-Workbook-Step---Step/dp/1572243260/ref=sr_1_7?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1434876509&amp;sr=1-7&amp;keywords=overcoming+bulimia) for my eating disorder so it made sense to me to get hold of a book in the same series for [overcomig problem drinking](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Overcoming-Problem-Drinking-Books/dp/1845291123/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1434876605&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=overcoming+drinking) using CBT techniques. The tl;dr on letting go of my eating disorder was a firm commitment to normal eating in combination with moderate exercise...I have followed up and am continuing to follow up with CBT for my anxiety. I'm super grateful that I've not experienced depression since giving up alcohol. I'm starting [SMART recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org.uk) and they address addictive behaviours including alcohol substance and eating issues.
I have some experience with this. I have a long documented history of mental illness that started before I ever started drinking. I was cutting myself at twelve starving myself by fourteen and drinking at 20. I spent my adolescence cycling in and out of psychiatric and eating disorder units and my early twenties were a mess of very severe self-injury episodes juxtaposed on top of nightly binge-drinking. I weighed about 85 lbs at the time as well. Mental health professionals would tell me that I needed to stop drinking and my argument always was that I could control my drinking if my mental health issues could be addressed. (This obviously was wrong.)..I had a bad experience with AA and AA-based rehab in early sobriety. I went into everything very open about my past struggles with mental illness and was reassured by everyone that "everything would get better once I stopped drinking." You hear that a lot on here too honestly. I became delusional extremely anxious and quasi-suicidal at times -- although the symptoms took a while to ramp up my first two weeks of sobriety could be painted as "typical" early sobriety anxiety and depression. I was told that I just needed to work the steps that my ego was getting in the way and that I needed to let go and let God. So I tried to kill myself and ended up via a sort of circuitous route on a psych unit for two weeks where I was stabilized placed on mood stabilizers and anti-psychotics and then shipped BACK to rehab...I heard a lot of arbitrary rules for therapy in sobriety; six months of sobriety before couples therapy should be attempted one year of sobriety before attempting trauma therapy. I had another therapist who told me that the rules were all bullshit answers &amp; that there was no gold standard. I know that even after I was stabilized on my meds -- I was going to AA working the steps going to IOP and living in a sober living house -- I found myself relying very heavily on old DBT exercises that I had learned years ago to keep from slipping back into shitty coping mechanisms that frankly were much more deadly at their peak than my alcoholism ever was. The phenomena of reverting back to prior poor coping mechanisms within the context of mental illness or a personality disorder is really well known (especially in women) and I think reason enough to do concurrent work. The mental health industry and the addictions industry just don't mesh well historically for some reason so that work does become concurrent instead of intertwined. Do keep in mind that your sponsor is not a trained professional despite whatever experience they may have. Have seen some bad things happen with that scenario.
It really depends on the person and the issues. For example people with histories of trauma sometimes go for addictions treatment first so that when they do trauma therapy they don't go back to bad habits which essentially undoes the therapy. Others do both at the same time doing trauma counseling as well as developing alternate coping mechanisms and dealing with the addiction...Whatever our root is I do believe we have to address it at some point. I am a perfectionist and can't seem to do anything in moderation. I drink too much I smoke too much I work too much. I focused on the drinking first then the overworking and soon I will be working on the smoking. It helped me to address one at a time but I did so always with the intention of addressing other issues and knowing that I could and do easily switch addictions eg eating disorders...Thus I am in therapy dealing with my family of origin issues self-doubt shame perfectionism and other stuff that is fueling my addictions and tendency to become addicted.
I had to not drink for several *months* before I was capable of seeing the signposts that recovery was putting up. It seemed murky and opaque because my thinking wasn't correct...After I started to get the hang of how to feel joyful (9 months) I was able to tackle the events that led me to abuse drugs.
As somebody who 'quit drinking' at least 50 times before the only thing that's gotten me this far is making being sober your priority. Obviously if you have kids or a high stress job still feed your kids and go to work but the mindset is if  I fuck up everything else today it's still a more day sober. ..I also have some addictive personality and OCD issue and I've been addressing then very slowly and stopping whenever I get overwhelmed. ..If you're know you needed to slow down for 3 years that's 1095 days. So 15:1095 sober days to drunk days give yourself sometime to working hints out at your pace.
