-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3allui/something_ive_been_doing_recently/

So this is the first time I've managed to string together so many days of sobriety and I'm still figuring things out. Something I've really struggled with is getting into the sober mindset - I wasn't drinking but I still thought of myself as a drinker or I wasn't really looking at the bigger picture and I've found it very hard to feel like I'm fully committed to sobriety. Anyway recently I've taken to trying to practise gratefulness. ..Right before I go to sleep I try to take a couple of minutes to lie and think of things I'm grateful for. Sometimes they're tiny like the fact my bus was at a convenient time or someone said thank you and sometimes they're big like the fact that I'm still alive and functional. Either way it's really helping me. I'm feeling a lot happier in myself and finding I'm being a lot more thoughtful towards others. The more things I add to my imaginary list day by day the more content I get in my sobriety because I know I wouldn't have recognised even one of these things while drinking... So yeah this may sound a little dumb but it really helps me and I thought I would share. Today I am grateful for the good coffee I got brought this morning and the way the sun looks in the morning and for family and the stranger who held the door open for me and the way my body is getting stronger every day and for this community. I couldn't do it without you. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It took me a long time to notice that all the little shit adds up into big shit.  If it works like that for drinking and crappy things then the same thing should apply to gratitude.  It's not dumb to be thankful for "small things"...  It's kick ass.  Thanks for sharing.
Not dumb at all. The gratitude thing is a GREAT idea. It can really help your overall attitude. Plus grateful is just a good way to be! When I was drinking I used to wish that I felt grateful for things then I would feel bad for not being grateful. Then drink over it looking for that spark of emotion that would turn me into a good person. Gradually after quitting drinking I began to recognize that I have to change my actions if I want to change my thinking. So good job on the gratitude practice and I hope it improves your outlook. Also a huge congratulations on your upcoming 100 days. :)
I know how you feel. I watch [THIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4115qFsdWKQ) frequently it's a beautiful video that puts me in the same frame of mind.  ..By the way this gratitude thing? You're doing it exactly right. Sharing it with us? Even better. Thanks.
[deleted]
I'm going to try this... deliberate gratitude......I nominate MessedupMakeup today's Queen of SD!
It's the little things that count.  Tomorrow you will be at a 100 days.  A significant milestone.  Well done! 
Thank you for sharing! Gratitude is a really important part of my recovery. I have a gratitude journal but I am more likely to just lie in bed at the end of my days and name off even the little things that I am grateful for. And every day I think the universe in gratitude for my sobriety.
It doesn't sound dumb it's great! Good job! I try to practice gratitude myself &amp; it helps put things in perspective... Thanks for sharing this! :)
14 days today since a drink and I'm still at this stage where I feel fucking sorry for myself. As if There aren't a million things for me to be grateful for in my life. Thank you for this post. As a previous poster mentioned it's hard to be thankful when I'm wracked with anxiety and withdrawals make feel like being dead is better. This post made me realize that there are SO many things to be grateful for. Whether it just be that I'm breathing write now or walking or just the fact that I'm thinking clearly. This anxiety and pain ARE better than the alternative where I felt good for a few hours then the next day like shit. Where I acted like an asshole and either ignored those actions or drink them away...to repeat the same actions. Where apologies were just words to everyone when coming from me. Changing my thinking is the next step and I'm realizing that with your post. Being dismal depressed and feeling sorry for myself were actions that fed into the drinking and drug abuse. I have to change my way of thinking where I'm thankful. Thank you OP. 
This is NOT dumb.  It's not even close to dumb.  Actually positive thinking is the key to not only not drinking but just having a happier life in general.  We are what we think.  If you spend your time (as I often catch myself doing) complaining in my own mind about the little troubles in my life I get in a bad mood.  Bad moods make alcohol more attractive to me.  Something in me tells me that it's an escape...that it will make me happier.  It's just not the case.  Being grateful is key.  I do it whenever I can.  Thinking of all the things that are going right in my life...even the little things.  Some might say it's "ignoring the truth" by only focusing on the positive but if you are only focusing on the negative you are "ignoring the truth" that you are ignoring the positive things in your life.  Thanks OP!!
I work through at least 5 acknowledgements an 5 gratitudes daily I find them invaluable in maintaining my esteem and altering how I frame things. They can be really small things!
That's fantastic I'd love to see a gratefulness thread around here weekly to help us all remember the positives. I'm going to try and add this to my daily routine. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for sharing this with us. I keep a gratitude journal. A friend of mine got me started about a year ago. I just number them and write a few words about each thing. Then you can look back during the rough times and see at least one thing that will help you get perspective. It's not as difficult as writing in a journal. I wish you the best.
