-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3asd07/sponsor_questions/

I got a sponsor right away to help me through the first difficult weeks and I'm not feeling very supported just looking to see if I am overreacting...I told him when we were discussing the 2nd step that I have a troubled spirituality and am not comfortable with a judeo-Christian concept of god and was looking for what my solution should be when I am told to pray and lay things in god's hands. He told me to pray on it not extremely helpful in this situation...We also have daily calls scheduled I called today and received no response. I left a message with no call back as of yet hours later. I don't expect him to be on call 24/7 or anything but he asked me to call at this time. He also told me I could call anytime I am struggling and I now have concerns he won't be there if I need some support...Am I reading too much into things? I am dead serious about getting sober for good for the first time ever. I might be going a little overboard because I want to set myself up for success in every way possible.
----------immediate responses--------

I dont have a sponsor but the thing I've heard is they aren't forever and you can always change to a new one.  For me I think I would of found someone who had mentioned not being super judeo-christian and more like how I plan to do my 12 step program.  I am using books and while doing it slow.  I am going to work with my Therapist on what he thinks about me getting one next time I talk to him...  And too just let the person know you are thankful to have them but you might of found someone else who fits you better.  I am sure they will understand.
Hi /u/Doitforthem24! Congratulations on your week. It's good to hear that you're being rigorous in your attention to your recovery - that's a really good sign. If you keep that attitude moving forward and stay focused on recovery you're going to succeed...I wonder how long you've had this sponsor. Missing a scheduled call does seem concerning to me but people have emergencies and this may have been one of those times. I would definitely consider trading up if I had a sponsor who couldn't keep appointments or who wasn't responsive if that's what we had set our relationship up to be. But it would need to be a pattern not just a one time deal which can happen to anyone...The concern about the 2nd step might be another mis-match between the two of you (not a deficiency on either part - just not a match) or it might be what you need to hear and try right now. I'm still terrible at praying but I do give it the occasional try even though I have a totally non-monotheistic understanding of spirituality. Part of the process of the steps is to learn to open up and to learn to accept that you don't have all the answers all the time and become willing to ask for help. You don't need to bow before a Big Man to try to discover a more loving relationship with those things that are beyond you. Maybe? 
I tell every new sponsee that we are not getting married so if what we're doing is not working for them then find someone who's a better fit. If they chose to drink before moving on to a new sponsor that will be on them...Most of the people I know encourage sponsees to pray to whatever higher power works for them. If a sponsee says that he doesn't believe prayer will work they typically say something like "I didn't suggest that you believe in anything I suggested that you pray. There's a difference." Is this what your sponsor was trying to say?..No one person will be able to provide you with all the support you need. I keep a list of people I can call in a pinch both in and out of the AA program. If one doesn't answer I keep going down the list. My home group has a phone list of all members willing to take calls. I've had complete strangers call me several times and I always appreciate talking to them because it helps me stay sober.
Not over-reacting; but give this sponsor-sponsee thing a little time to work itself out...Prayer.  Okay that suggestion was a dud.  However he is your sponsor so maybe making an un-prayer to not-god will suffice.  Maybe along the lines of "I don't know who or what you are and this is making me feel really uncomfortable but I was told to do this and since this is a willingness test of sorts I'm doing it.  If you have hands and I can lay things in them here I've got some stuff I can't handle.  If you don't I'm dropping them anyway.  If you're real please don't respond immediately as that would probably freak me out.  Amen or Whatever."  ..I'm serious.  Okay next...You were asked to call you called.  Your responsibility is complete.  You let your sponsor know that you are sober.  You let your sponsor know that you were serious about support.  You can still call any time.  He said so.  Do not make a one-time lack of response into a big deal.  This is known as 'awfulizing' or also as 'pole vaulting over mouse turds.'  Next time you see him let him know you called and maybe set up a time when he can call you if that works.  Any system is bound to have glitches...Recognize and accept that you are bound to be full of unreasonable fears at this point.  Fear of the next drink is healthy but fear of rejection by your sponsor is not.  Just don't drink no matter what between meetings and make as many meetings as you are able...I was also exactly where you are now a few 24-hours ago.  You are doing it right.  Thanks for posting.
Regarding praying: when I hear "pray" I change it to meditate. No god required. It's surprisingly nice to just sit quietly for a bit and calm the constant thoughts down a bit. ..My first sponsor wasn't very good either. She didn't appear to have much time for me. I'm actually really glad that didn't work out cause I found someone absolutely perfect for me! Had I stuck with the first one I never would have found the great one. I suggest sticking with the one you have for now but keep your eyes peeled for someone more along the same wavelength as you. You'll see and hear things you like in meetings. You'll be able to choose someone based on your experiences. ..And hey good work on your week and your determination! You're doing really well.
