-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3asxw6/this_is_even_harder_than_i_expected/

So it's been a couple weeks sober now and while "real life" has been great to discover it's also been WAY harder than I could have anticipated. ..The solo (very) heavy drinker that I was I spent weeks upon months reading about what to expect when I quit drinking. This included physical symptoms mood swings relapse risks etc. I thoroughly planned for all of those and although I definitely experienced all of those things in abundance I feel like I've made it through the worst of it now. ..I saw my doctor I began therapy I've been completely honest with my spouse and friends I've been attending a really awesome SMART group and I have successfully abstained for a couple of weeks now. Previous record was maybe a couple of days so it felt pretty good. I even got a new job that I started today. ..HOWEVER... ..The thing I did NOT prepare myself for was all of these feels I would have and how they would affect my life. I've known for a long time that I've just been self-medicating a lot of shit but I didn't expect it to hit me so hard. And it sucks. I've always had problems making friends anyway and I seriously have no idea how to talk to people without either loosening myself up beforehand or going out for a drink with someone. So I have lost the couple of friends that I did have. And with starting a new job today in the most awkward way I don't see myself making any new friends anytime soon. ..In my newfound sobriety I planned this surprise getaway last weekend for the wife including an awesome day in hot springs and a full-on trek with llamas through the mountains. It was honestly a really magical and cleansing experience for me. She was (seemingly) so happy for the duration of the trip until yesterday when she just stopped talking to me. For me it was out of nowhere. I get that things won't change overnight and I understand why she would be upset with me overall. I just don't get why she got upset now that I am doing all the right things. So I tried to talk with her about it last night when we got back and again this morning before my first day at the new job to no avail. The last couple weeks I feel like we've been closer than ever and I was so fucking happy about it but then... nothing. I know I can't expect things to be better in a couple of weeks but why now? Why not when I was an actual asshole instead of working my ass off to be better? ..So yeah when I came home from my new job followed by an appointment with my therapist and after having been ignored by her all of yesterday/today I was a little emotional when I got home and she had a whole speech prepared about how she can't trust me now and it turned into an argument. Now it seems as though she's given up on me and I seriously don't know where to go from here...TBH right now I am wishing that I never quit drinking. My wife said herself that she never knew anything about my weird secret drinking but now that I told her she can't trust me. I don't have anyone to talk to because my couple of friends have already bailed. I just don't see the point in trying. I was so optimistic at the beginning but now it all seems like a pointless endeavor. ..I like to consider myself a logical and reasonable person so I understand that recovery is a long process and I can't expect others around me to fall in line with my expectations. That said I am feeling really big feelings right now that I haven't in a LOOONG time and I'm not seeing any hope for improvement. ..I haven't been very active during my initial stint with sobriety here on this sub but I thought I might reach out to y'all to see if you have any encouraging words or have gone through similar situations because I'm feeling pretty fucking bleak right now. Like "I don;t really want to keep going" bleak. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear about this. Your wife didn't know you had a heavy drinking habit before? Have more things come to light since the hotsprings that could have made her become upset with you? If she's refusing comunacation with you all together even when you really need her that's not good. Have you explained to her that you need her suport now more than ever? If so best you can do if she doesn't want to talk is leave her for the amount of time she wants to stay silent and let her in her own time approach you. Which will happen she can't stay silent. At most what I do because I find it easier to write what I mean than say it I write my husband a letter explaining what's happening and usually it helps to really comunacate what I really feel and cool down the situation by bringing it to a managable pace. It might sound weird but try writing to her. Then it's up to her when she's ready to respond. ..I understand everyone's relationships work different so that advice may be useless but from another /r/stopdrinking user to another stay strong don't give up. This is a challange I'm yet to face (strong stress while sober) and if you can do it I can too. .All the best and you have ears that'll listen here..N.P.R
Firstly well done on making and following through on your plans to get sober - it's only been a few weeks so take it easy on yourself when ti comes to meeting new people and making friends you're going to have to relearn how you interact with people in a way you haven't for a long time while you were drinking but that doesn't mean you won't get there or that it won't be worth it in the long run. ..I'm glad to hear you have a therapist who you are speaking to - it might be that right now your wife needs to get used to things and might not be able to be there for your as much as you need her to be. It sounds incredibly frustrating and I understand your feelings that she is not speaking to you right when you are finally getting yourself together and trying your best. However it's important to remember that your wife has probably been bottling up a lot of her feelings - you also say that you have 'been completely honest' with her so it sounds like she may only have recently learnt the full extent of your drinking. All of this only happened a few weeks ago and she will be processing a lot of things. It will be a long process and she might not be ready to trust the honeymoon period of one happy holiday. It's up to you now to show her that this change is for the long term and it really sounds like you are capable of it. 
From one secret drinker to another......I have had to admit to my SO that I almost cheated on her (this was years and years ago) AND that I had been drinking heavily behind her back (about a week ago). Quite frankly when she told me she felt like the couldn't trust me the first time I was simply very understanding. I told her that I understood and I don't know what I would do if the roles were reversed. I humbled myself as much as possible and told her that I was ready to do whatever it takes to build that trust. But we both wanted to still be together and we decided to build up that trust. When I told her about the drinking she told me that she had expected it and she wasn't that surprised. I guess I wasn't as good at hiding it as I thought...Just keep in mind that she has a good reason to not fully trust you and just think about how you would feel if the roles were reversed. I'm not trying to make you feel like shit but trust is earned. So let her know that you are ready to earn it back. And be patient with her as well. Do you think you maybe turned her speech into an argument? I obviously don't know you two so only you can answer that question but I am curious to hear your response...When you say she's given up on you how do you know this? Are you sure that she has given up or are your emotions getting the best of you? I'm totally not trying to tell you how to feel or what to think or offer rhetorical questions. I'm genuinely curious to know your answers...Also don't forget about the things that brought you to quitting drinking in the first place. Hopefully you did it for yourself right? Not only yourself of course but I'm sure your health and ability to deal with life were big factors. If you were still drinking and your wife found out about it instead of you telling her how different would things be? How would you be dealing her lack of trust if you were still drinking? Probably with more drinking. Sometimes positive change is painful and difficult in the short-term but don't forget about the long haul. ..I understand your frustration however. It is easy to think that "Well I came clean with her so why doesn't she trust me MORE!?" Because you still betrayed that trust. Once again this is not a reason to beat yourself up or to feel like a failure or a bad person. Forgive yourself have patience with her and keep working on yourself. If you do these things and she still doesn't come around try (I know it's hard) to find some solace in the fact that you did all you could. That's all any of us can do...::HUGS::..And don't say you don't have anyone to talk to. I know it's not the same but there is a ton of support here brother. Feel free to shoot me a PM any time.
Man I am so sorry to hear this.  What a frustration...If you look back in my history I had some brush ups with my wife during this whole process.  I was announcing from the rooftops that "I'M DONE!!!"  I knew it in my heart I was going to make it etc.  However nobody had the same confidence in me that I did.  Now that I look back I know why.  My past behavior didn't give me that pass.  I don't think my wife trusted me however she didn't outwardly say it.  Skeptical...maybe that's a better way of putting it.   It pissed me off but looking back for me I didn't deserve her signing off on my sobriety...I feel like I am now writing a new history for myself.  Each day sort of wipes away part of one of those past fuck ups.  I envision it like it's a hard drive add some new data overwrites some old.  Unfortunately my drinking years made it a pretty sizable hard drive to overwrite.  ..Early days are not easy especially when you see the potential in yourself that others may not see.  ..Please keep going - I am living proof that it is worth it even with everything else happening around you.  
