-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3at1yv/what_should_i_look_for_in_a_sponsor/

I have a sponsor through AA. He's a nice enough guy but he's very black and white on issues and it's generally "AA is the only Way" with him. He quotes from the Big Book like I hear Christians quote from the bible. ...My sense is that I need a more shades of grey kind of guy who will see that AA is a part of an overall recovery plan that includes these subs and some anti-depressants and sport and and and... And none of these are more or less important than the other. I showed him /r/stopdrinking and  his comment was "If it worked millions of people would be using it." That's fine he's entitled to his opinion. ...Anyway the cons of being with this guy is that I know I'll struggle to trust him enough to open up to him. The pros are that if I use this guy I won't just have an echo chamber but rather someone who challenges me. ...Do I boot him and look for someone new? If so how do I go about that? 
----------immediate responses--------

Do you think you can make it through the 12 steps with him without drinking?  IF you feel you can't trust him enough to open up to him you may want to look for someone new.  I would wait and keep going for a while with him depending on how long of a chance you gave him.  If today is day 2 then it may not be ready give it a few weeks and see if he changes.
Following this post. I also am hoping to use AA as one of my many tools (mainly for the the group/social aspect) not my main sobriety method. 
I'd go along with the advice to give it some time. In the meanwhile keep an ear open for people sharing and if someone seems to have more the approach you'd prefer maybe have a chat with them. I asked a couple of people who seemed to know my prospective sponsor and found out that his views were largely similar to mine re theism etc. I'd say it's important to find someone you fit with because for me the risk would be that I was white knuckling my recovery to an extent. That's just me though and there are plenty other opinions out there :) 
When picking a sponsor I used to gravitate towards those most visible in AA; secretaries GSRs the most vocal...While I don't deny they have a "strong message" and it's easy to work out more about them before approaching them I've discovered some of these people don't have much of a life outside the rooms. This isn't the type of recovery I strive for...I currently have a casual sponsor like relationship with an old timer who has a more balanced recovery/life balance and it's working for me. YMMV..&gt; Do I boot him and look for someone new? If so how do I go about that?..The first question only you can answer. The second: you have an adult conversation and talk to him directly. Something a lot of us couldn't do while drinking
Don't think this guy and I would get a long. I think AA has many redeeming qualities and it's a large reason while I'm still sober but the idea that it's the only way is even disputed in the Big Book. ..A sponsor is supposed to get you through the 12 Steps do you think you are capable of getting through the Steps with him?
My sponsor is a gentleman I met at one of my first meetings and who was familiar to me as an acquaintance from my professional life.  John G is about 10 years older than me and I see or talk to him on average once a week.  He's like a big brother.  He's more conservative re: AA than I am but he's also the primary source of the information that makes up [the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) I too shared the /r/stopdrinking website with him and he really doesn't get it but toi be fair he really doesn't understand his cell phone either--although I told him that lots of info that I communicate originated with him. ..I get SUPPORT and good information from John G about recovery and someone who will pick up the phone when I call.  I couldn't ask for more.  If I need friendship and running buddies I can find that too although they don't need to be sponsors. 
The purpose of sponsorship is for a newcomer to go through the 12 steps with someone who has experience in that.  A sponsor does *not* craft an overreaching strategy to stay sober using multiple strategies.  It sounds to me that what you want is an addiction counselor:  I suggest you look for that at a counseling agency not AA.  This isn't meant to be harsh it's just that AA as an organization isn't equipped for that.  If I told all of my sponsees that they should join this forum and use the chatroom in the sidebar like I did I'm venturing way outside of my expertise.  I have no problem informing sponsees that these resources exist and that I found them helpful but that's all I'm going to say to them about that.  Likewise if someone tells me that building sandcastles is an indispensable part of their recovery I'm likely to take a disinterested (but still encouraging!) stance towards that information...If you want to add going through the 12 steps to your overall recovery plan (an addition I can't recommend enough) then your sponsor sounds like someone who would be good at taking you through them.  The Big Book isn't perfect but there's no better source in the world when it comes to actually working the steps...If you don't plan on working the steps then I suggest not having a sponsor.
someone who has what you want (serenity joy etc) and that you would go to any length to get. 
I think /u/colleen123 really did say it best with the catchphrase. :) I empathize with your struggles here. I really want to see you make it wrist writing pal and a good sponsor would help so much. I need one too. ..I had the good fortune of being dismissed by my first sponsor. I don't want what she has (and that's ok) but she held my hand through a dark time and showed me a little light. To illustrate some of the former she was actively looking for romance in the rooms and suffered/created some drama that made me feel cautious and uneasy looking for advice on personal relationships. I appreciate her help and candor in letting me go and now I am in a good place to seek a new sponsor...Not sure what to tell you what to look for. I know I'm feeling much more comfortable asking around. Your current situation does sound difficult. Good vibes!
My sponsor and I work the steps together and generally do AA stuff together. He doesn't give me advice about outside of AA because that's really not his role. Filling up the rest of my life was on me to learn how to do on my own.
Look for a kind and caring sponsor. I had one not so nice tell me that rather than spend $100 on myself for clothing I should put that money in the basket. NEXT!!!! I don't need anyone like that in my life. I'm just being honest with my experiences not putting anyone down. Peace and good vibes.
