-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3atrsu/part_2_a_massive_thank_you_and_some_insights_from/

Hello everyone!.I am using reddit on mobile for the first time too and I'm struggling to understand how the commenting works but this is regarding my yesterday's post 'I need help urgently'. .I'm not particularly technology savvy but this is a real mess. So instead of commenting there as I assume it should be done I'm just making a new post. Apologies for that. ..I got a lot of lovely responses from you that continue to keep my morals up and I don't even know how to express my gratitude so I thought I'd share how the things are going and hopefully this is going to inspire some other people struggling with 'how do you just stop' and 'how do you survive day one'. ..These are my thoughts about the first day and I'm afraid that it might end up being long but it's very therapeutic for me and I think it might even help someone. ..So 48 hours ago I did not even think about quitting. It was just a regular day in my vodka soaked life sleep vodka drunken computer session as I can't stand to be around real people repeat. I particularly did not think about quitting because I was not at the lowest point of my 'moderation cycle' when I could just not take it anymore. Just a regular week drunk all day about a bottle of vodka usually but ok got used to it over 10 years. It was only at those lowest points when I'd be sick for 2 days not being able to get myself a glass of water that I ever considered stopping but that was only hypothetical I didn't believe in it myself and it only lasted until I felt better again in 2 days or so.  ..Yesterday I woke up about 4am feeling like shit but nothing too bad not being able to sleep as per usual browsing Internet and more or less subconsciously waiting for 8am so I could go get just a little fix at the store which would enable me to either get a bit more sleep or get into a better mood and drunkenly enjoy my excuse for life until I pass out again. Business as usual really just a normal day for me one that I even would not call bad (yeah I was that bad). ..And then something strange happened. I came across this subreddit. I started reading your posts and all of a sudden I started crying. Like real tears real emotions not the drunken ones. I'm very low on emotions normally unless I'm drunk I never cry have no friends fairly detached from my family level of empathy pretty much zero same for sense of guilt. But you guys moved me so much that if I do succeed on this journey it is safe to say you saved my life. ..Now I know it's only day two but here's an update on how I feel and hopefully some useful input for those who don't think it's possible to get out of this clusterfuck. ..I'd maybe like to identify what has made my brain switch so suddenly and out of blue and why I think or rather I am certain that this time it's for real. Not for good perhaps who knows it's only day two and you can't predict the future but I now know what is a really good starting point even for the most hopeless cases like me. ..In my life at the moment pretty much nothing is right. No nothing is right period. Name a personality disorder I have it- acute social anxiety a history of addictions a record of dodgy activities that I dare not mention I'm a pathological liar nobody to talk to nobody who knows what's truly going on in my life I live alone and only communicate with people by proxy live 20 different lives I mean it's impossible to explain the mess that my life is. That being said you can imagine that I had every excuse in the world as to why I could not stop drinking.  ..On those rare occasions Id hypothetically think about quitting I thought to myself- well this can't last forever what ELSE should happen to me for me to realise this? I almost died at least 5 times and it's a miracle I'm even alive. But that's not how alcoholism works. Unfortunately to many of us literally anything can happen and we can hurt everyone around us and we still won't stop until we die. So the moral of the story- NOTHING has to happen. I realised yesterday that I don't drink to avoid problems or sadness I drink to feel happiness. I've got problems so bad it scares the hell out of me but then I also realised that why not try a different kind of happiness a more permanent one which won't leave me dead before I'm 30. The one that would moreover solve most of my problems and that is to stop drinking. Like as of now this moment. At that point I was still checking for the time to see when the store would open but then I thought no come on just don't do it. Don't think about it and don't do it and tomorrow when you will be able to say 'day 2' and have a cup of coffee with no hangover and read an article without being nauseous from the letters and most importantly when having that coffee you realise that this is one of the most important days of your life in the best possible way- the happiness you will feel will be much greater than the one you can now purchase for cheap. And it will come with all sorts of bonuses like- it is going to get progressively better you will look better you will be smarter you will get to enjoy everything this world has to offer that you have been trading for booze all these years. And on top of everything- all the problems you have you will now be able to solve. Step by step knot by knot. This is the moment. Yeah it will be rough but seriously anyone who's ever had a 2 day hangover accompanied by vomiting blood or series of broken limbs lost friends or loved ones over booze I mean it surely can't be as rough as that right? Seems like a fair trade to me. ..Ok and the last of my insights (I'm really sorry for the length of this) is about the practical matters that are very annoyingly persistent as excuses such as- how am I going to have fun how am I going to get on a flight how am I going to speak to strangers how am I going to relax after work how am I going to go through this horrible day/death in the family/ getting sacked/ divorce how will I ever party again how will I survive a family gathering. You know what- you'll survive. You just will. Life is ups and downs good and bad things happen boring and fun but you need to realise that all of this is WITHOUT A DOUBT going to be better without alcohol and always remember that no matter how weak you feel at the moment. You need to decide and unquestionably put sobriety before everything AS A PRINCIPLE. You need to believe in it simply or if like me you don't like the notion of belief and blind faith then take it from science simple induction- for an alcoholic alcohol is EVIL. I too am upset that I can't enjoy it like normal people can I'm jealous that I was probably born an alcoholic and can't enjoy it because yeah alcohol is in many ways great but not for us. Tough luck. People have worse diseases than ours we at least have the power to control it (as hard as it may be). ..Ok I'll seriously stop myself now those are my conclusions on the 2nd day. This will be a roller coaster and I am ready for some serious lows and probably failures but I'll always remember how to start over and why because I'm sure that if anything this really is a start (unlike the previous 1000 I've had). ..Thanks so much everyone and good luck! .
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you so keep doing what you're doing and before you know it you will have a week--if you can stay focused on not drinking TODAY.  That's how it works for me.
What a great post. There are a lot of really important revelations in this post and it sounds like you're on a great track. Hang in there - you sound like you've already learned some really good stuff. Know that it gets a lot better and that we get to live really happily so long as we stick to the basics.
This is like reading my life with few minor exceptions. Stay the course the withdrawals may get worse but everything gets better I can honestly say that after only one week...Make yourself go to a meeting interact with people with the same problem. With my anxiety that was unbelievably difficult I sat in my car for 30 minutes psyching myself up to actually go in. Best thing I ever did and the support you will feel in that room is incredible.
I haven't read your first post but I will after this...I wish you the best - keep posting!  Keep coming back.
Hey welcome and I'm so glad you found us. You've had some incredible revelations in two days. How cool that you can come back and read your posts if you need a reminder of why you're doing this too eh! I love that there's a place here on the internet where I can share about all the insane ways alcoholism changed my life and people here not only understand but welcome me. Stick around and keep sharing like this. You'll be amazed how much your life can change for the better in a very short amount of time. It may not feel like it's changing super fast but in comparison with how long you've been drinking....it's incredible. 
Welcome. Glad you made it here. Do you have any plans on how to recover besides visiting this sub?
Sounds like this subreddit presented you with a big real-life "RESET" button and you chose to punch it...Welcome to the club. I had a similar experience though I had a few weeks of lurking under my belt already when clarity presented itself...Stay strong and if you ever get tempted reread the post you just made. Other people telling you not to drink will never be as powerful as hearing the words come from yourself...If you ever want to vent or just someone to chat with drop me a message :) You're not alone in this.
&gt; Name a personality disorder I have it- acute social anxiety a history of addictions a record of dodgy activities that I dare not mention I'm a pathological liar nobody to talk to nobody who knows what's truly going on in my life I live alone and only communicate with people by proxy live 20 different lives I mean it's impossible to explain the mess that my life is. ..Phew check check and check...Been there.  I also drank a bottle a day for the better part of a decade; half a bottle a day for the decade before....I'm two years in.  I don't miss it a bit.  You won't miss it a bit...Keep coming back we're rooting for you.
Welcome to the first steps to an incredibly better life. Imagine an unshaven slovenly slob in a ratty bathrobe underwear and socks sitting at a computer in the middle of the night the table covered in empty cans and an overflowing ashtray.  That was ME 3 years ago. Now I take pride in my appearance I have a great job drive a nice car and live a good life...You will too just watch. Once you break these chains amazing things are going to happen for you. AA was a godsend for me and if you haven't checked out a meeting I really recommend you do. You will find a room full of happy sober people who want NOTHING more than the opportunity to explain how they got that way. And you'll feel like you belong! ..I am envious of you the early parts can be difficult but transformative. We go through shit to grow through shit. And it's uplifting to hear that another one of us has chosen to step out of the shadow and into the light. Thanks for posting and keep coming back.
