-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3avzza/help_advice_how_do_i_help_my_friendbrother/

TLDR: My husband and I are having our best friend/former roommate/honorary brother move back in with us. His alcoholism has turned debilitating. We're getting lost in the weeds of what to do to help him get his life on track...So the long version: .Backstory: Many years ago Frank was a social drinker (maybe a little more than he should but manageable) then life shit on Frank in ways rarely seen or heard of for a single individual. Sudden and unexpected loss of a spouse diagnosis of a terminal disease laid off of work homelessness among other things; drinking escalated. So he came to live with me and my husband. We were about to have our first baby and had just moved into a larger apartment when I found out I was going to be laid off; we needed a roommate and he needed a room. He became part of our family over the next 4 years and was like a 3rd parent to our son and later our daughter. When we decided to relocate a couple of states away we tried to get him to come with us but he stayed behind; drinking escalated a lot more. Lots more life shitting on Frank happened; getting shot in a drive by mugged more job loss several heartbreaks etc. For the past two years I've been trying to get him to move out here with us but he's always refused.  ..Now: Two days ago he calls sobbing. He's at rock bottom; waking up in alleys drunk (covered in his own piss kind of drunk). He's started experimenting with harder drugs just to make the pain go away. He's really scared about how bad he's fucked up his life. I told him I'd be there tomorrow to come get him and bring him home. Ever since then my husband and I have been hammering out our expectations and ground rules for helping frank (in addition to ripping apart my son's nursery to make him his own bedroom)...What we want to do is require complete sobriety for at LEAST 6 months (we're thinking of saying this is how long we expect/want him to stay with us so we can keep an eye on him and keep him clean). We're getting rid of every drop of alcohol out of the house. We want to set expectations of him FINALLY getting counseling for his issues. We want to require AA or something of that sort. We plan to require a job asap so that he can begin to pay rent and to purchase a car. We expect him to enter our home as an adult (albeit a struggling one) and we expect him to contribute. We don't want him to have a TV in his bedroom (because before we left Chicago he had started using it as an isolating behavior whenever he was depressed which we expect a lot of over the next months). He's 40 years old he needs to stop acting like a teenager and we're prepared to be a driving force to get him onto a good path.  My MIL however is trying to convince us that we need to "respect his privacy" "get him on his own two feet as soon as possible" "get him out there" etc. I personally want to take his addiction very seriously and feel that since he's been giving me the line about how he's too messed up to get on a bus alone (hence why I am driving 6 hours each way with a 6 month old in the car) he's lost a lot of the "on his own two feet" privileges... Advice? 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
My advice is very simple: 1. you aren't qualified to run a sober house so don't try; 2. keep alcohol out of your premises; and 3. go to al anon meetings.  You might also try asking your question at r/alanon.  I don't mean to be unsupportive but the situation sounds untenable in my experience. ..Best of luck with this and thank you for caring so much for an alcoholic to dare to undertake it.  I hope I'm wrong but it does not sound like a good idea for you your family or your friend.
I agree with CoolCrosby. I also feel bad for you two. I hope nothings stolen and this ends badly...You sound nice.
&gt; I personally want to take his addiction very seriously..He's the only one that can take his addiction seriously. I think it might feel hard but its time to let go of Frank before he hurts your family.
