-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ayr7d/so_here_i_am_againstarting_over/

Bear with me I'm just going to ramble. Need to ramble. ..Started drinking when I was about 13 did that more heavily than my peers around me.  I think they were experimenting but I found my true love escapism. Age 14 found marijuana and cocaine. For the next couple of years I just submerged myself in hard drugs. Cleaned up from the drugs at age 28 and went back to drinking. My drinking was very much binging until I hit my mid 30's. That is when I started drinking every day. ..Things got increasingly bad with my marriage instead of confronting our problems I just escaped more and more. My then wife gave me an ultimatum rehab or divorce. So off to rehab I went.  On the back of those 6 weeks and AA I managed 6 months sober longest I had been sober in 14 years. My wife decided that she didn't like the sober me either and divorced my ass and I used that as an excuse to relapse. ..I started to controlled drink. Managed to convince myself that I couldn't possibly be an alcoholic as I can have 2 or 3 beers and go home it seemed that I didn't need to get blind drunk when my bitch of an x-wife wasn't in the room. This lasted about a month and then it got heavier and heavier. Started smoking pot again even the occasional hard drug binge. ..In the last year I have wracked up credit card bills of 65 000 Rand. Lost jobs and every time something went wrong blamed other people or things. I have been unemployed and drinking off others for the last 3 Months. My X is considering killing my visitation with my  daughter. ..So. I start a new job next week Monday. I have a massive hole to get out of. The only way I can is by being sober. I know this. .I'm going back to AA  tonight. in fact I must stop fucking around here else I'll be late. ..But I am so scared I fear the withdrawals the insomnia my depression. I fear my emotions the most I have never been able to confront them without escaping them. I don't even fucking understand them I don't know what I'm feeling never mind why..Very scared. ..I desperately need this subs encouragement and wisdom like I had it during my 6 months stint. so all comments and questions will be appreciated. ..Anyways... let me get to this meeting. ..
----------immediate responses--------

First off enjoy the meeting.  Second if you get into difficulties with your withdrawal call a doctor and thirdly try to enjoy the journey.  The first week will be rough but it was rough for everyone here.  You can do this \o/
I am glad you made it back. It took me years to get back to AA and I almost didn't make it. ..I think it is good that you see your drinking over the divorce was merely and excuse versus all her fault. When I stopped playing the blame game things started to vastly improve. Try to see your experience in being sober for 6 months and going back out as a learning experience rather than failure. At some point there will be a time where that experience can directly affect someone else help them to recover and you will see it as the asset it truly is...At first emotions were scary as crap to me as well. I had no clue what it was I was feeling half the time. Everything felt like either panic or rage. What helped me was to just throw myself into the middle of the program. Home group sponsor commitments steps fellowshipping etc. Once I got in with a group of like minded guys serious about recovery who loved me enough to tell me the truth things were so much easier to handle...I wish you the best!
Sorry to hear about all you've been through really glad to hear you're going to a meeting tonight and sound ready to get sober again - Congratulations on the new job by the way! .As it says below make sure you ask medical advice with the withdrawal process as well as asking for support from the aa and from this sub. .It sounds like you have a lot of great reasons for getting sober - your daughter getting on well in your new job etc try and focus on them as you go through the hardest part of getting sober and remember that when the withdrawal symptoms and emotions are passing you will have things to look forward to and achieve .Best of luck!
You've come to the right place as far as the internet is concerned. We are a great bunch...Sobriety aside you seem to have some serious debt issues. Debt makes a sober life so much harder. I recommend picking up "The Total Money Makeover" by Dave Ramsey. He is the King of helping people get out of debt and setting up a budget. That might help you through this journey. I have used his methods and have turned my entire financial situation upside down. His methods are simple but they work. I suggest you give him a shot. :)
Let us know how it went!.
Glad youre here. My first week crawled but the second week flew by at the normal rate. You've got a great motivating factor in your daughter. And this sub! And AA! You can do it!
You're overwhelmed right now.  Put one foot in front of the other...one day of sobriety at a time.  Keep going in the right direction...You have a new job! Congrats!  Make the most of that opportunity and keep going in the right direction...You can do this.  All those problems won't be solved tomorrow or this week. But keep going in the right direction...Please keep us updated.  I'm pulling for ya.
