-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3b1by4/900_days_holy/

Last night I went out to the bar with a friend of mine. I was feeling anti-social and hadn't been out in a while and I always use the excuse that I don't even drink so why would I go be social at a bar? But my friend forced me to go anyways (I don't have a problem being around alcohol so that wasn't an issue not drinking while being at a bar seeming dumb was just an excuse to remain anti-social...) and I'm glad he did...I met a BEAUTIFUL girl through his friend got her number had a DELICIOUS virgin bloody mary (always my favorite bar drink) ordered some food and watched a bunch of people act like idiots. You know it's pretty easy to make drunk people laugh so if you ever need a confidence boost I highly suggest to do that! (If you're not tempted of course I don't want to be the cause of a relapse!) ..In all seriousness I had a great night completely surrounded by alcohol and had no desire to partake. Life is awesome. For once in my life **I'm in control of my future and it feels fucking fantastic.** I couldn't have done it without you guys so thanks /r/stopdrinking seriously. I owe you guys my life. Literally.
----------immediate responses--------

900 days. wowz Amazing.  I can't even imagine..Congrats on the 900 days and gettin' her number.
Really cool.  Thanks for being an inspiration!  
Thank you for your uplifting message! Good luck with the girl and congrats on your amazing accomplishment. :) 
That's right! Not drinking is actually more fun than drinking! Nobody believes it until they feel it.
How about them apples?! Congrats! Keep up the great work.
Congrats to you!!!! I hope you and this beautiful girl have a fantastic first date :)
Had a shit day yesterday (mind battles wise) and this post gave me a boost. Being sober around others for more than two or three hours is... not always fun. Some day I'll be like you. Congrats on 900!
Hm virgin bloody mary. I'll have to try that!
  This is really great!
