-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bhzfs/relapse/

I'm trying to stop for four years now I've managed to get 380 days without drinking then I'm in constant relapse. Last saturday I have drunk until blackout and I'm feeling very guilty and very bad. Please make me feel better.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey xcarpathian sorry to read about your relapse  but huge congrats on finding your way back to SD.  I've stopped drinking many times  and always started again... This time I'm cautiously optimistic is different. ..The only thing I can suggest is not beating yourself up that's not helpful  but think about what made you relapse what you can do to keep yourself from feeling like doing it again  and a strategy to get through if you genuinely think it's a good idea.  (ie. I promised myself that even if I decide to fuck everything I won't give up on my sobriety until I've reread Allen Carr's  the Easyway to Control Alcohol and been to an AA meeting. If I still want to drink after that I can  but I respect this decision enough to not throw it away until I've done that.)..Welcome back to SD  and best of luck. 
I try to focus on today- if I'm sober just today then that's a victory. Welcome back! I am new here and am sure I'm not going to be perfect but all I can do is try. 
I won't drink today if you don't.
Only you can determine whether you feel better or not. That being said I will share my experience: I have been sober for 142 days after a 15 year battle with the bottle. I was in and out of sobriety I went to AA meetings regularly and continued to drink. I had to get to root cause and work backwards. My psychologist said ( emphatically) " Mark there is no room for guilt in recovery. " she then boisterously repeated that three more times to underscore her point. ..I had to recognize my relapse history for what it was and not assign any more or less significance to it. She encouraged me to put a plan in place that I may not like but would be good for my recovery. I then needed to be diligent about executing on the plan. ..Peace 
please read my common reply to the relapsers [here](http://redd.it/3bi8k7)
[deleted]
