-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bi8k7/to_those_just_coming_back_from_a_relapse/

I count several of you today - and rather than cut and paste ... instead I will link to this.......First I know where you are.  Been there done that kicked myself felt hopeless - wondered if I could do it...Second Welcome back. and in truth there really is not a choice the slope gets steeper the consequences get progressively worse and it does not get easier to recover...Third YES you can do it.  I was hopeless once I look at the people I know in recovery and they will all say the same thing.  And there are a lot of them...Fourth doing it alone is in my opinion the very hardest way to do it - and yes I know - I was an isolator myself even in a crowd I was alone.  Posting here is a big deal but connecting face to face - even (gasp) hug to hug with another alcoholic is a transformative experience.  Yeah I know but it worked for me despite my reservations objections and resistances...Fifth as a continuation of four quitting drinking though critical is not enough.  Change is required - and frankly is desirable for most all of us (people don't end up here if they are happy).  There are many paths therapy peer groups Hare Krishna for all I care and if nothing else they serve to help get our heads out of our butts.  it was true for me - I could not read the writing on the wall because it was dark in there - I could not hear let alone listen to good advice because everything was muffled in there...Six learning to laugh again - at myself - was critical to getting out of the spiral.....I could go on But that's enough for now  - again - welcome back.  
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing this - I really needed to hear this.
Thank you for being you and doing all that you do for us! Very well put.
TY for this.  I hit a wall over the weekend and while I am not resetting my badge I truly needed to hear this.  No more.
&gt;quitting drinking though critical is not enough. **Change is required**..I hated this part at first.  .Then loved this part..And now realized 'this part' is what saved - and gave me a sane .life...Great post /u/slipacre ! 
Yes. Thank you. Had a troubling weekend where I almost lost the path - again. 9 days now. 13 before that 4 before that 6 before that... all within two months. I've learned so much about myself. I feel better I look better. It's easy! Except when it isn't. Here's to another day a day where I remember things a day where I don't anger those whom I love a new day.
#5...THIS!
I feel like I need to change.  I just don't know exactly what that change entails.  
Hugs are nice. The world is colder than usual for me right now. Thank you for the reminder to be kind and keep my mouth shut. Peace and good vibes. 
Great post!
Thank you!  Needed this.
Stinks none of them gave details on their relapse cause I like hearing that to know what to avoid and what not..that being said over the weekend there were a few threads were people didn't do ["sober people Sober places"](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/) and got burned...Welcome back to the people who are coming back
Thank you yes I'm back yet again (new handle). Yes each relapse has resulted in worse consequences. I hate living like this. No alcohol today. 
Change is def where everything came together for me. ..I changed what activities I was doing..I changed my exercise habits..I changed jobs..I changed the way I look at myself..I changed the way I look at alcohol..I changed my eating habits..Everything changed and everything got better with each step I took..Great post. 
This is good advice all around relapse or not.  Thanks for sharing.
Awesome. Thank you for this.
No need to rush change when it comes you'll *know.*
Thanks so much for this post. I am having a tough couple of days and really feeling like drinking again for the first time in months. I feel like I have been beating back that voice non stop for days. I really needed this reminder. 
[deleted]
Thanks. I feel safe to post my failures here even when the badge reset is a little discouraging. Maybe it will help someone to be more cautious today. ..I've chosen the path of sobriety and my relapse was a little set back. Anyhow my journey is not over and now know me better than before. 
Thank you!!
Thanks for this Slip you know how to say it so well. It's a reminder that there are many ways to get sober but it usually doesn't involve us all by ourselves. I drank to get away from myself how am I supposed to do recovery my only relying on myself? Thanks again I needed this. 
I'm currently drinking a beer after being sober for 10days. I wasn't sure I could do it honestly. ..Just dumped the beer and gave the other 3 to my roommate. ..I'm such a better person without the sauce. Thank you for this.
Thank you for this post. I was a chronic relapser until I finally nailed it. ..This is purely anecdotal but do you see more relapses in summer than winter? 
[deleted]
Thank you for this I`m dealing with infidelity and my wife wanting space (which will probably lead to divorce) relapse is so tempting.  
I need more number 4 this time around. Thank you for this well-timed advice.
Nice post.  I'm a newbie but old.  I'm not connected to any group but I hear what you are saying about it.
Excellent advice. Welcome back to those relapse and stay for the miracle!
Thank you very much for your words. ..I tried to voice my thoughts on change after my last relapse here - ..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3belwp/sober_journey_three_months_badge_three_days/..It's good to know I'm not entirely crazy. Saving your post to remind me as things get farther out along. 
Probably going to be homeless cause of my latest relapse might as well just of done it earlier. For now thanks for this I needed this. I'm going to do whatever it takes within my power to accomplish this.
I would also like to add that beginning anew takes courage and those of us here want to see you succeed not judge you for trying again.
Thank you. I travelled to the other side of the world and my demons were waiting here for me. Tonight is my first "Sober" night in months (3 beers all day- don't want to risk cold turkey again so far from a good hospital). Once again I'm grateful for the positive stories from this and other online community. Thanks all of you. 
I too was hopeless.
How do I reset my ticker?  
Slip I know you are a humble man but you are a gift to SD! 
