-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bjvd6/another_relapse_im_really_struggling/

I've been drinking socially for about a decade now but only heavily the last year or so after my life went to shit. I've been slowly climbing out of my financial hole which I could be doing much faster without daily alcohol purchases. I've gained about 25lbs lost all motivation to exercise (even though I work for a nationally popular health club and have a free membership) I've RUINED relationships I've lost jobs woke up to an empty wallet woke up with more money than I started with (most disturbing) I usually work later in the day so I've had a few before I go in and I think people are noticing. ..Reddit I can't stop myself. I've gone to AA and it didn't really work for me. I understand their process but when a bunch of alcoholics sit around talking about drinking it just makes me stop by the store on my way home. ..I've even considered suicide (after many many beers). I just don't know how to make it stick in my brain that this is killing me and I need to stop. I think writing this out might help. Thanks for listening. ..TL;DR - Can't stop drinking. Ruined my life. Need to stop. Now.
----------immediate responses--------

What do you think would be more likely to work for you? There are other options if AA wasn't working out. You could see if something like SMART Recovery is more your style. If you want to get away from support groups entirely one-on-one work with a counselor/therapist who specializes in addiction might also help. There are also a lot of books out there dealing with this stuff if you'd like to do your own solo recovery research. Finally you could check out the SD IRC sometime if you haven't already the link is on the sidebar.
When I came back after a 7 year relapse (I had been sober in a previous life for 15 continuous years) the same old things worked to stop drinking that had worked before.  Simple sober actions: [the Baby Steps were not beneath me.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I still do them today.
I can't even begin to tell you about how much I contemplated suicide. Thought about it a lot when I was shit faced. Thought about it a lot when I woke up after a night of embarrassing myself. I was having trouble sleeping about a week ago and I just naturally thought to myself "I need to go to sleep so I can wake up and do stuff tomorrow." What a revelation. It gets better and is definitely worth the struggle.
The fellowship part of AA (the meetings) is not the same thing as the program (working the steps with a sponsor). For me the steps have been essential in working on the underlying problems that made me drink in the first place. I get that the meetings aren't for everyone but goodness those steps could be useful for everyone including non-alcoholics. If you can push yourself to go to some more meetings and work the steps that might be really helpful.
