-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3br8ys/anyone_else_have_a_fairly_inactive_groups_etc/

I should preface this by saying I struggled for 2 years to quit and am 'self-taught' if you will in recovery. I've read a lot and try to follow some SMART principles. So I'm not totally clueless twisting in the wind...But I don't feel the need to come here often or to really do a whole lot on recovery. I try to exercise and eat better for me I guess. I'm always conscious of the fact I'm an alcoholic and try to pre-plan my life to a certain extent but day-to-day it's rarely something I feel the need to think about...If I have a craving which is rare I reflect on it and might come back here to read or check in with SMART. ..But overall I feel pretty inactive. I hadn't logged in here for a week. And it feels fine. ..Just wondering how everyone else is doing. Kind of feel like I don't 'fit in' if I'm not going to a meeting every day or something I really don't feel the need to. 
----------immediate responses--------

I only go to AA meetings once a week or so. Sometimes if I'm feeling antsy I'll go to more. I try to be pragmatic- if you're struggling then you need to step it up. If you're content about where you're at and you're enjoying life and not struggling with urges all the time then whatever you're doing is working. 
I had an event that woke me up came on here read Allen Carr and found the tools i got/get from here and from Carr have kept me through any rough patches but I never went to a meeting or even talked face to face with anyone else I knew was in recovery.
Given that I spend a good amount of time doing badges here (and reading some posts) I wouldn't say I'm *inactive*.  But I don't go to any meetings.  Most of my life is not centered around being a non-drinker.  I just am that: a non-drinker...But I am always very thoughtful about how I feel about things.  If someone offers me a beer I always reflect on how I felt about it afterwards.  I want to make sure that part of me didn't want to say yes.  And if I did I'd probably try to figure out why and talk to someone about it...Given that I keep those thoughts at the forefront of my mind and that I talk openly about being sober with friends (sober and not) my wife and my therapist I don't feel that I'm in too much danger of relapse.
There are many ways to get sober and everyone needs different things to keep them on track. From my experience (and from what I've seen in others) alcoholics usually lack certain coping skills and have emotional issues that often need to be addressed. A person can simply "not drink" but dealing with all these issues is extremely helpful in "recovering" and staying sober. Earlier on there'd be times where I felt completely fine but eventually I'd run into something that would shake me and lead me to drink. I didn't know how to handle certain situations without turning to a bottle. My sponsor was able to get 2-3 years of sobriety at a time but wasn't able to achieve his now 40-something years of sobriety until he worked the steps in AA. If what you're doing now is working for you that's great however I'd suggest you don't completely let your guard down as it's really easy to slip up (as I'm sure you know). Plus doing the things many of us do in recovery isn't just keeping us sober it usually helps us become better overall people. :) Cheers
