-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3br8q8/time_for_a_change/

I think it's time to start living a sober life. I've thought about it before but I've always sabotaged myself with that famous destructive thought:  I don't have a problem I can control my drinking . I've recently come to realize though that I actually can't control my drinking and that it's been slowly eroding away at both my mental and physical wellbeing...I was a  normal  drinker for years; I drank in college and had my share of fun but outside of the party atmosphere I didn't overindulge. After I graduated I was drinking  normally  as well; I'd have one or two glasses of wine or a beer with dinner maybe two or three nights a week. I used to drink for flavor and enjoyment not to get drunk...I started drinking heavily after I lost my first job and never really stopped. In fact I drank *more* as time went on. I got to a point where I was drinking a bottle of wine or a six pack of beer six or seven nights per week. My most recent  accomplishment  was cruising through a 1.5L bottle of red wine in one night...My girlfriend never really took much notice of my drinking (I apparently don't act that drunk when I am) until just the other day when she saw the empty wine bottles and said  Holy shit you drank *all* of that? You kinda drink a lot.  I just sat there thinking  Yeah I do.  ..My girlfriend's words got me thinking about all of the times I caused a stupid argument because I was too drunk to listen or care about anything or how many times I was unsympathetic or unloving because I couldn't see through the boozy fog. I also wondered how many times I yelled at the dog for no reason or got irrationally angry at stupid things because I was drunk. Even worse: How many times did I drive home when I probably shouldn't have?..If I'm going to be honest with myself I think I drink to drown out the noise of life and dumb down my problems. I drink because I've been using alcohol as a crutch to have fun for so long that sober activities seem dull. I've been using alcohol as a social crutch to compensate for my awkwardness. I've been using alcohol out of habit because drinking is  just what I do when I've had a hard day  or  need to celebrate ...I want to make a change. I'm on my fourth day of sobriety and while it feels good I can't help but think of the long road ahead. A few questions for my fellow sobernauts:..1) How do you cope with social situations where people are trying to shove drinks in your hand? How do you explain to friends that you're not drinking anymore?..2) What are some of the unexpected struggles you've encountered on this adventure?..3) What do you do about food recipes that call for alcohol? Is that an exception or do you just omit it or choose something else?..4) How do you break out of  subconscious drinking  habits? For example my routine was to come home from work around 4:30 pour a drink and play a video game. These past few days at 4:30 I've been craving a drink really hard. I tried doing another activity but it didn't seem to help...###..It's only day four but it's already hard. There was a bottle of wine on my counter left over from my last drinking session; I paced around the apartment yesterday looking at the bottle and trying hard to ignore my craving. I stayed strong and didn't drink and this morning I took the bottle and poured it down the drain. That was difficult and tonight I'm sure I'll be craving a drink and contemplating heading on over to the liquor store (which is within walking distance). I need to figure out some sort of activity to supplant my 4:30 craving . ideas?..Apologies for the long post; I've been trying to be introspective recently and I thought writing stuff down would help. Thanks for listening and if you have any words of wisdom information anything really feel free to post it. Cheers (with a nice cold glass of iced tea) to day four!.
----------immediate responses--------

1) if I'm around people drinking I already have a non-alcoholic drink in my hand. No one will offer you a drink if you already have a drink....2) honestly I have not experienced any unexpected struggles. This has been 100x easier than I anticipated. Pretty much all my worries were for nothing. I used those worries as excuses to keep drinking for many years. Those excuses were lies my alcoholic brain told me to keep me hooked....3) I don't use alcohol in food recipes. Seriously how often do your recipes contain alcohol anyway? Just choose a different recipe or use a substitute. ...4) I substitute sparkling water for beer at times when I used to drink beer. Come home from work pour a nice cold glass of bubbly water with a squeeze of lime chug it down. Yum! Not thirsty anymore. I also go to the gym a few nights a week. By the time I get home I'm already past that "after work danger zone". I also have candies or sweets on hand for when in like...wish I had a drink...but I can't...ooooooh but I can have candy instead!  Nom nom!...My advice is to try to not worry about all the what ifs and just work on a plan for today. That's a reasonable amount of time to plan for. What can you do at 4:30 that will keep you busy? An activity or some yummy treat food. You can do it.
.1) For me I told my friends I am trying to quit. I am lucky enough to have every last one of them be so very supportive. However If I do need to feel the need to in the future I suppose I would order non-alcoholic as ninjilla suggested...2) Mood swings - One moment I'm having a great day the next I'm irritable...3) I just encountered the food situation a recipe calls for one can of beer I refused to put it in because it would mean me buying a 6 pack and drinking them...4) I have been coming home and drinking water. Whenever I get a craving though I have been logging on and reading/posting here. It seems to help me a lot. I can't really give you any advice on what to replace your habits...Stay strong we are happy to have you here.
You're story is pretty much the exact same as mine. My SO also never thought much of my drinking until I really told her and how I drank by myself all the time after work and how much. I couldn't help it. She tries to understand but doesn't get why I couldn't just have a few...As far as the video games I used to play COD only when I drank and found out when I wasn't drinking I had no desire to play it anymore and get online and trash talk other players while playing. I eventually found other games that my mind didn't automatically associate with grabbing a drink before it starts. ..A great thing to try out after work is to go home and go for a quick run even if its only a mile or even shorter. Start somewhere and you will feel great afterwards. Then work on cooking something healthy for dinner. By the time you do all this and shower it will be around 6 or 7. Find some shows/movie to watch or a game you enjoy and start winding down for the night. Just try to stay busy no matter what youre doing and keep pushing forward :)
I had my problem develop over the course of a year. I went to outpatient rehab and did the aa thing for eight months. At no point did I in my heart of hearts decide to actually quit drinking. Five days ago after a rough week I decided I was truly done for the first time. For now the urge is gone. You're still in that early stage. It can be rough. 
People also serve olives at parties.  And sometimes they think it's funny that I hate olives.  My wife even sucks them down taunting me because she knows I think it's gross.  But you know what....I'm getting through the parties and the taunting without having any olives.  Because olives are fucking gross.  And they don't make the party better.  Fuck olives. ..Oh yeah.  Same with alcohol.  .. 
