-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3brsif/my_moms_drinking_and_my_drinking/

I was out for dinner with my brother and his wife and my spouse and we were telling hilarious stories. It came to the subject of my mother and sadly many of the hilarious stories came from really sad places. Like my mom drunk at 10 in the morning telling my brother that she had failed him because he doesn't go to church. This is because he said something that was pro gay marriage. Obviously this is not the reddit to discuss such things but I wanted to provide context...I came home after dinner and started crying. I blamed it on PMS even though I have no reason to believe I have PMS. My spouse pointed it out that it was because we were talking about my mother...My mother is sick just like me. My drinking really quickly escalated into her pattern which is day drinking all alone getting drunk before noon and saying ridiculous things to loved ones. This may be better for an Alanon sub but I figured a lot of us not only struggle with our own drinking but also care about our loved ones who also struggle...My mom is retiring and that terrifies me. I assume that means her drinking will get even worse. I don't talk to her about her drinking because I don't think it will be helpful. Instead I talk about my recovery and how difficult it is and how proud I am of working sobriety...I am then reminded of Making a pact with her that neither of us would drink at my oldest brother's wedding and my youngest brother's wedding. I stayed true to the pact mainly for myself but also for my brothers and my spouse. These for special days that I wanted to remember. What breaks my heart is smelling booze on her that I believe she was drinking in the bathroom. She is such a dignified woman. For all of her faults she is my mother. And I care about her. Just thinking of a dignified woman hiding her drinking by shooting vodka in the bathroom of her son's wedding breaks my heart...So I will continue to share with her my struggles with sobriety and more importantly my celebrations. that is all I have power over.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have anything wise or profound to say. ..Break the cycle.     .Congrats on 99 days! ..And thank you for loving your mother.  As a mom I hope my children can forgive me. 
I think you're probably taking the right approach by just speaking from the I with your mom. I feel so much better. I'm so proud of myself. This makes me feel better. ..Can your siblings jump on this train with you? ..Is it possible at all to reward her when she doesn't drink? Like when she's sober would it be inappropriate to say "i really like when you're ______" whatever it is funnier when sober happier when sober more productive? It's a gentle push in the right direction as well as leading the way.  ..Has she seen a doctor in a while? It's important to know as she gets older and continues on with this that her liver and kidneys are functioning well. Not everyone has issues obviously but maybe a doctor visit and advice could help too. ..I consider myself a put together person professional with a good career a good heart a good mind.... but i have snuck vodka more times than i can count... but we can all get better with the right mindset and support. ..i really hope you and your mom can both find peace of mind in sobriety. Best of luck
Wow this could be my post.  I've forgiven my mother for a being an alcoholic but it makes me incredibly sad to know that she won't be around as long as she should because you can't drink like she does and live a long life.  I haven't been brave enough to talk to my mom yet but as I'm watching her drinking getting worse since she's retired I'm going to have to do something.  Sending good thoughts to you in your own sobriety keep it up!
