-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bw78g/3_months_sober_again_finally_i_made_it/

It's my birthday today. One year ago today I was really sick. It was my 27th birthday. I lived with other heavy drinkers couldn't string together 3 weeks without drinking for the life of me and had the same dead end job I'd had for 6 years prior. ..I've been clean more often than not the past year. I had 3 months from November to February and then relapsed. I had three months sober when I drank. I was able to finally get clean again in April. It was much harder the second time. Tomorrow I'll have three months again...The only reason I'm sober today is because no matter what happened I kept on trying. I failed over and over and over again. But I kept on trying and today I sit here a 28 year old sober dude...I have a new living arrangement a great new job and I have control of my life again. I'm younger today than I was one year ago...r/stopdrinking the mods and the members here have been a huge help. I was bad and now I'm good. There were times I thought I wouldn't be able to get sober. I was wrong. Thanks for everything.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday my friend. Kudos for your continued effort to finding a life without drinking. Best to you going forward my friend. 
Congratulations I had faith in you.  Good work.  Now let's go for 89+1+1+1+...
Happy birthday!..From here on out every new day is a new record to go with your new life.
the only way you fail is to give up. i don't think there's more than a handful of people here who just decided to give up liquor and get it on the first try. many of us have had repeated "day 1's" .."i am younger today than i was one year ago" i hadn't thought of it like that but YES all of the YES. me too..we are both 27/28 - my bday is in august and i'm excited to spend it being active and not being drunk...so much congrats!!! i love happy posts
I'm so glad to hear you kept trying. Congratulations on staying sober and wishing you a happy birthday.
Happy birthday and happy sobriety! 
Congratulations!
