-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bxt0o/day_5_almost_relapsed/

For starters I've been drinking heavily for a few years.  I would regularly buy 30 packs of beer and drink them in 3 days with not enough to get me through the 3rd day up to 12 a night.  I always joked about my drinking but last Saturday my best friend and I were drinking and I broke down in his arms and cried about how messed up I felt my life was.  I told myself I was going to stop drinking and I did.  I told myself many times before but it just stuck this time...This week was my week from hell.  Work kicked my ass this week; I was so busy one day that I couldn't walk 20 feet to the fridge to get my lunch.  The best friend I mentioned introduced me to an amazing girl he told her that we would be great together.  Last night I find out that he likes her now and they've been hanging out and making plans to spend the 4th together.  I was crushed that this "best friend" would do that.  He's been really shitty about the whole situation and the girl has stopped texting me.  And my god.. she was amazing I'm devastated...I'm almost 26 and on my way home from work today I just broke down from the stress.  I distracted myself by mowing the lawn and finished the last coat of paint on my door.  All the while I was thinking I need to get beer so I can rid myself of this shitty week...I was browsing imgur and I often see people joking about drinking but every once in a while I'll see people that seem genuinely concerned about it.  I drilled down into the comments and someone suggested this subreddit so I'm here to make a change.  This sub stopped me from going to the store and I thank you all for it.  I live alone all my friends are married no girlfriend no prospects.  It gets really lonely and that's usually why I chose to drink.  But I've had it with being fat and lazy and just feeling like shit all the time.  It's going to be hard and I'm afraid I'll relapse.  I'm doing my best to keep myself occupied.  I'm going to a neighbors for the 4th of July just need to stay strong.  Thank you all for your inspirational stories.</rant>
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly if you really want to start making a change the best thing to do is focus on you. It's probably a blessing in disguise that things didn't work out with that girl. You have to love yourself first before you can be in a healthy relationship with someone else :)
I'm glad you're here!  plenty of us know all about being in our mid 20s fat lazy and dunk !..&gt; I'm going to a neighbors for the 4th of July just need to stay strong. ..Is there going to be drinking there? While it could be an interesting lesson if you're serious about quitting drinking do you think at less than a week sober going to a party with a lot of drinking is a good idea?
Welcome to SD this subreddit has really helped me these last 10 days as I start on this new journey myself. What u/razmataz_90 says is really true..it's an opportunity to be "selfish" and work on yourself. 
