-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bxxew/happy_drinker/

My drinking started with the idea of making more of an already good time...However it rarely worked. I usually woke up in the morning with huge fear of what embarrassing or insulting things I did the night before at best or in the toilet vomiting all day at the worst. With my wife fearing I needed to go to hospital. ..Things deteriorated further when I found the solution to hang overs - start drinking again...I then began drinking most days from lunch time just to feel okay again rather than to improve the fun I was already having..Drinking is very acceptable in my industry. And often feels mandatory with an open bar 24/7 and an alcohol trolley delivering booze to work desks from 3pm Wednesday to Friday. And Friday is usually a half day with everyone hitting the pub at lunch and not returning. It's kinda part of making it in my industry to be on the booze cracking jokes and socialising with the higher ups. ..Sometimes I'd feel cloud headed and anxious during the day with the drink being the only cure...My work friendships and marriage was struggling...So after a poor liver test result I decided to give booze a 3-month rest...Things went well for 7-weeks so I decided to have a few drinks for my birthday...Mistake. Without some sort of daily drink free tally I felt I may as well just keep going and fell back into bad habits. Always telling myself I'd start again "next week"...Anyway after several more wasted weekends and sleeping in the shower or over the toilet I've decided I'm done with booze for the year...I went to an AA meeting which helped a lot and also doing some mediation at night...So far things are going really well and I'm confident I can make it...Good luck me!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!I am new to this myself but these past 10 days for me have been AMAZING. SD is a great subreddit with lots of great advice.
A year is a great way to gain clarity and objectivity over how alcohol is in our lives...Is there anything in particular that you are specifically watching to see if 'not drinking' is helpful?..Good luck - I found 4 days unbearable and had a breakdown after mild auditory and visual hallucinations from withdrawal. 
AA meetings made me feel better for awhile but I didn't start really changing until I got a sponsor and began the steps.
[deleted]
Quick update lasted another weekend with no booze and I'm feeling amazing. Spent quality time with my wife family friends and even played some basketball! Woo!
