-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c3nbg/learned_helplessness/

There is this a cognitive delusion that humans have which is called "learned helplessness".  It was actually first discovered in some experiments on dogs and can be easily demonstrated on a group of people with a simple exercise.  What happens is that after attempting something and failing a few times we quickly become convinced that it is impossible to succeed and we thus stop trying.  ..I'm not an expert in psychology but it seems pretty obvious that this phenomenon is strongly manifested in how many of us attempt to stop drinking and then relapse.  Each failed attempt quickly reinforces the conclusion that it is impossible to break the cycle...This conclusion can seem logical given limited information we have as the individual stuck in the cycle.  It is sometimes such a firm conclusion that we will defend it and seek out post-hoc justifications ("oh I can't stop because I'm special" "I can't stop because my job is really stressful" "I'm around booze all the time and that makes me drink" "I had to go to that drinking thing because it was a special event").  ..That's the learned part.  The helplessness part is when we are confronted with evidence that contradicts our conclusion or when we are given advice on ways to counter it and break the cycle we resist.  Because we feel helpless we reject any idea that we can change.  We stop trying.  "Why should I try when I know it's impossible?"..One way that this sub has helped me immensely to break my own cycle was to see the overwhelming body of evidence that indeed this conclusion of "it's impossible" is a cognitive mirage.  It's simply wrong.  People can and do break the cycle all the time and eventually I became one of them that did it.  There is no inherent reason that anyone can't break the cycle - but there are many inherent obstacles to it like this learned helplessness...Recognizing that this cognitive delusion is a real ingrained part of our humanity can help to realize that the belief that we can not break the cycle of addiction is a heavily biased and incorrect conclusion.  It can give our brain the ammunition to argue against itself when it tries to conclude that it's impossible to stop drinking.  We can instead think "just because I failed many times to stop drinking does not mean that I will never succeed despite what my deluded mind may want to conclude."..In case anyone wants to learn more about learned helplessness I got to thinking how it applies drinking and sobriety while listening to [this podcast](http://youarenotsosmart.com/2015/06/24/yanss-052-how-we-learn-and-unlearn-to-be-helpless/).  It goes through the discovery and talks to some current experts in the field about it.
----------immediate responses--------

Interesting post I'm wrestling with some of my own cognitive delusions just recently (decided to tackle skin picking) so thanks for the podcast recommendation I like to listen to them when cycling :)
Hmmm... Very interesting. I will give the podcast a listen when I take my son to the park. Thanks!
[deleted]
Thanks. I really needed to read this today.
I cannot associate this concept to when I quit drinking because I never really actually TRIED to quit. I half assed attempted to not drink for a day or two here or there but I never ever said to myself until the day I quit "Thats it.  I'm done." and meant it to the bottom of my soul.  I had basically resigned myself to drinking until I died because quitting felt impossible. I was helpless but it wasn't learned because I tried to quit. It was learned becaue I didn't want to let go of my life blood. I was helpless to its siren call because it was ..When I quit smoking I used the knowledge that I had gained from here about no giving up when I failed. It took me several tries of quitting over a few months trying something different each time before it finally took.  I never felt this sense of helplessness because I knew from shared experience that if I kept trying IT WOULD WORK. ..After reading this it makes me grateful all over again for this community and what I have learned here. I didn't have to feel stuck and helpless in that struggle. 
Learned helplessness. Interesting. When I started thinking about quitting drinking I knew I wasn't ready yet. I knew in my heart I would relapse and if I relapsed once it would open the flood gates to more relapses. I'm grateful that I had that self-awareness because I have learned helplessness ingrained in my body. I think it's from when we are children and we're told that we're special and smart. When we fail at small tasks we give up. Kids who are raised being praised for trying again instead of being plain old smart do much better later in life. I was a special snowflake all my life! So when I finally quit drinking I was ready. Like 100% this is it ready. So far no relapsing and I'm super confident relapse is not in my story. I'm not going to open that can of worms.
I have what might be an opposite problem.  If I'm trying something and failing I'll keep at it until I'm no longer failing.  Days years decades whatever it takes...You'd think that would lead to gettin all sorts of things done.   Not so fast.  Because as soon as I can see a clear path to the desired end I stop.  *Oh yeah I could totally do that.  Moving on.*  Let me tell you about my hundreds of 80% finished projects......I suppose this could tie back in to the drinking thing pretty neatly.  *I know I said I was quitting for good and by not drinking for these past two days I've proven that I could do it if I really wanted to.  Bottoms up!*  That line of thinking is at least one of underestimating the difficulty of the task at hand or overestimating my own abilities/dedication/accomplishment.  This has gotta fall into the cognitive dissonance camp as well.  ..*A rose by any other name...*
Failure is an option nothing more.  Past failure is not a predictor of future failure or SUCCESS!
