-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c6bci/breaking_the_romance_of_booze/

Dear all ..I would first like to say that all replies have been fantastic and actively made my struggle to come to terms with my issues easier. Unfortunately last night I drank alot. ..Today I want to talk about another booze related issue and this is the romance of it. ..I grew up loving books such as "The Sun Also Rises" (Hemingway) and "The Great Gatsby" (F.S Fitzgerald). Somehow getting absolutely drunk seemed okay because they both did it and I idolized their books. I am constantly looking up wikipedia pages about famous alcoholics and it always says: "It basically made their writing better". ..How did you guys break the romance of alcohol? I mean breaking that idea that it is sort of not exactly cool buy romantic. I can't imagine even speaking to a girl without at least 8 beers down my throat either. This is also what scares me. The persona I have created for myself is centred around booze...I don't know how to reinvent myself. ..I would like to know how people have got over the romance of booze and if they have any stories on how they had to reinvent themselves sober. This is what daunts me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I got real about how unromantic my alcohol use had become.  I have many unpleasant memories I can draw upon.  I came to the realization that my drinking would never be cute or romantic or funny or pleasant ever again. I had my chance had some truly awesome times with alcohol then I blew right past the good times and into the sad. I learned by going to meetings more about my disease and confirmed what I thought was true...that there was no going back to the good place. Talking with other alcoholics regularly and listening to their very unromantic experiences helps me a lot.
Sometimes my brain would try to get me to think of the pleasurable aspects of drinking.  When it would start with a... remember this?  I would immediately counter with a memory that was all bad.  Eventually it lead to a kind of repulsion because all my thoughts of drinking these last two years are painful.  I also had a bad ex and sometimes I would imagine his face on a bottle of Jack.
Allen Carrs book dealt with a massive chunk of this for me it helped facilitate a shift in thinking over drinking including my previous romanticizing of it. 
Just remember all the times you were bent over a toilet or throwing up on the sidewalk it'll do the trick.
I re-read The Sun Also Rises recently as it's always been one of my favorites. I must have a slightly different perspective on things lately because the last half of the book was really difficult for me to read this time around. It was like reading an extended drunkalogue of a tight-knit group of friends tearing themselves and each other apart while hammered - drunken violence jealousy racism and just plain treating each other horribly. ..I couldn't help but imagine how Cohn felt when he came to and realized he'd beaten the shit out of the bullfighter out of misguided drunken rage. Or Brett's sloppy desperate need to dominate the attention/affection of all the male characters and the sadness she must have felt when she sobered up. Or the intense shame Jake felt for his and his group's behavior while he walked through the hotel lobby after the fiesta. 
[deleted]
