-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c745a/first_temptation_in_146_days_and_all_because_of/

I don't know why I'm posting on a throwaway. ..So I stopped drinking in February and to be honest I haven't struggled much. I used to manage my anxiety and shyness with alcohol. ..I've always been shy and I've had panic attacks for 18 years. They've been under control for the last few years. I know what triggers them and how to stop them. My anxiety is triggered by how I look. My default way of coping was to down a half pint of vodka and that sorted me out enough to get out of the door. ..I have a wedding reception to go to in a couple of hours. It's the first real 'event' since I stopped drinking and I guess I just don't know how else to manage my anxiety without alcohol. I'm already feeling nervous and I don't know why I'm posting I guess I just thought venting might help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! I'm just making sure that you have talked to a doctor about this. Anxiety is horrible and I've found meds extremely helpful even though I don't take them all the time. I have them just in case...Remember you can always take a break from the action. I hide in bathrooms a fair amount to regain my composure and often check in here with I'm overwhelmed. You can do this. We are here for you.
I get anxiety my doctor has referred me for cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and I'm starting to benefit from it...Some quick tips that help me (*not necessarily all at the same time...*):..1. I remind myself that it is imperative that I stay sober I have chosen sobriety I will NOT drink today no matter what. Alcohol is no longer in my life I must find another way...2. I remind myself that alcohol never solves anything it's a short-term solution that creates a long-term life-destroying problem. I must find another way...3. I try to downgrade my feelings - I try taking them from my "overwhelming" basket and place them in my "darned uncomfortable" basket..4. I know that my feelings lie that feelings will pass. I must not act on them I must act on my plan...5. I'm not into spirituality much but I find the serenity prayer calms me. I can only be present: the past I can't change the future will take care of itself when it's the present...6. I visualise myself facing a storm. No matter how bad that storm gets I will get through it. It's just weather weather changes...7. I do 5 or more acknowledgements and gratitudes (*I acknowledge myself for..../I am grateful for...*). It helps switch my outlook...8. I have something to look forwards to later - a book or something on TV when I get back to my place...9. On arrival at a venue grab a soft drink right away (sparkling water for me).. .10. I know when to cancel an invitation no matter what it is my sobriety comes first. ..11. I know when to leave - an escape plan helps...12. If I'm going with my husband or close friend I'll mention that I'm feeling wobbly. I know instantly I've got someone who knows who's on my side.
Yeh I used drinking to calm social anxiety also only after years of drinking did that become necessary.  May I ask is the way you look actually unusual or just are you worried about it?
