-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c7z1f/6_months180_days_i_learn_to_mourn_have_hope/

Day 183: Kitten has not imbibed. I do my morning mantra that I am an alcoholic I love myself I am working a solution I will not drink today 3rd step prayer. ..6 months since I chose the sobie life. I was on a pink cloud on my 180 days. Got my 6 month chip accolades from my home groups and everyone just being loving and supportive. Then the reality of my alcoholism hit in the form of something non-alcoholic but which leads me to alcohol: an ex-boyfriend. ..As with most I use alcohol not to feel. Not to feel the uncomfortable feels not to feel pain anxiety frustration etc. and to "enhance" the good feels happiness fun excitement. I got to see how I want to use alcohol for both the good and the bad on Friday and Saturday. On Friday I was so happy to be 6 months sober that my brain had the thought it usually has when something awesome happens: let's have a drink! So ironic. The feeling wasn't as intense but it was still there and reminded me of how I use alcohol and how my brain is miswired. I had dinner with a friend instead after my 530 meeting.  ..Saturday rolls around and I met up with an ex who was in-town. We have an extensive history that spans 16 years and have recently become civil and have become friends. I realized the other day that I am going to have to let go of him whether we've become friends or not because no matter how the cookie crumbles we're just not good for each other. We bring out the old us in each other and I just can't have that this early in my sobriety. Armed with this new found "wisdom" when the Ex asked to see me on Saturday I obliged because I thought I knew what was up with my feelings & because I know what was up it wouldn't leave me feeling sad and because I did want to catch up with him (which can always be done via telephone). ..After I saw him Saturday I spent the rest of the in one of the worst moods I've had since I began sobriety. Seeing him made me *not* want to let him go. It made me want to hold on to him to hold to something that I used to find so much comfort. He cared about me when I was at my worst he was there for me at my worst he saw the worst...which leads my brain to think I can go back to being my worst and he'll still be there. And going back to my worst is the easiest thing to do in the world. *Thinking that is not what I need right now.* My brain was going a mile a minute and just wanted him to stick around even though I know we're just not good together-to get that feeling again of "unconditional" love. I wanted to drink to take away the feelings I had. I knew how easy it would be to go out drink meet someone else momentarily to get ride of the feels. I called my sponsor went to a meeting where I bawled my eyes out then went to another meeting then just prayed to my Creator to help me because damn did I want to drink. It's not necessarily the alcohol that gets me it's the feels...I am realizing that I need to mourn a lot of things in my life that are gone because of alcohol. I need to mourn alcohol itself because in a sick way alcohol became my best friend. It let me do whatever the fuck I wanted let me be an asshole and selfish let me be incredibly "happy." I need to mourn that my Ex and I will probably never be able to be "friends" we've done too much damage to each other and there's the real possibility I will relapse if he's even remotely in my life right now. That saddens me deeply because I feel like I'll always care for him he was there through  some really fucked up things but he was also there during the good. I need to finally mourn my father who died of alcoholism-I didn't mourn I used to alcohol to cover everything up-for 15 years. I need to mourn the "fun" girl I thought I was when I drank I need to mourn friendships lost chances missed. I need to mourn lots of stuff to help me build the new good stuff. .Fuck this is hard. ..Getting to 6 months was awesome sharing that with my home groups my friends in AA was great. The subsequent 2 days was hard because I learned a lot of things. I learned that 6 months or no 6 months the feels will be there and I will need to learn how to deal with him without alcohol. But it was also awesome because I had somewhere to go someone to talk to who understood the emotional wreckage of my life and just let me cry. Let me cry for missing the bad stuff and didn't judge me. I can mourn in AA in a way I wasn't able to before: sober and with hope. ..Sobriety and recovery isn't easy. The up and downs right now are like riding a roller coaster. I look forward to the day when the roller coaster isn't as crazy as the ones at Six Flags and more like the kiddie roller coasters at the fair lol. But I've got hope now which is something I didn't have before. I've got hope and I am going to hold onto that and keeping working to have it as though my life depends on it because if I go back out I know it will be worse. I know myself enough to know that if I drink again I will feel so bad about myself I may not make it back. I hope I also know that if I go back out people will be there to welcome me back in. ..6 months-180 days: not what I expected at all lol. But I am bouncing back a lot easier than I did before and that's thanks to AA and SD. Life is gonna life Kitten is gonna Kitten the question is how am I gonna handle both? I choose to handle it with AA SD and a butt load of crying being grateful and mucking the fuck through it. Thank you so much SD and AA otherwise I'd be in a really shitty place right now-I'd be hungover and heartbroken. Instead I'm having an iced mocha studying and working. ..It does get better sometimes not easier but better. ..Thanks SD for reading *alll* that lol and for being here I really really appreciate it. I hope everyone is staying safe out there. Kitten out. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your half-year SOBER.  Now you have a running start on a whole new way of life.  Keep doing what you're doing.
Congrats Kitten! Here's more accolades from your electronic homegroup!..It's [normal to mourn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K%C3%BCbler-Ross_model#Grieving_in_substance_abuse) the loss of our tool crutch friend enemy... but at some point we come to acceptance. An iced mocha seems like a pretty accepting state. Keep mucking through. The mud can be a fun place sometimes!
Hooray!!!  I'm very happy for you :D
I am going through the exact same situation it was almost like reading my story. Thank you so much for your post it reminded me I'm doing the right thing. You ever feel like chatting PM me. 
Congrats on 6 months Kitten! This is the first post of yours I've read in what seems like AGES...studying for this big exam is taking ALL of my time :/
