-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c8h1t/10_months_feeling_a_lot_like_week_1/

Hey everyone ..It's been a really rough month for me. While my count is accurate and I haven't relapsed or had any slips for the last few weeks I've felt closer to the first week than say months 7 or 8 in my confidence...I've been working a job with a lot of boneheads. What I thought was going to be a good challenging next step in my career has been a really trying highly political job. I spend more time dealing with the maneuvering and trying to get people to actually say and commit to things versus time spent doing what I would consider to be "my job". In short it's a lot of stress for all the wrong reasons and I'm looking for a new option...I say this because I think it's probably a big chunk of why this month has sucked and I suspect the stress is part of why my thinking has been so messed up. ..A week ago we basically had a situation fall apart and finally had to have this really shitty group meeting to get everyone's negativity out. I knew which way the meeting was going and so when I slipped out 90 minutes before the meeting all I could think about was "It'd be really great to have a drink or three to steady myself and get through this." I didn't; I went for a walk and sat down at a nearby restaurant. Just ordered some junk comfort food and didn't drink. I was really dreading getting seated though because I thought they were going to pull the old lunch-rush-parties-of-one-at-the-bar routine and I didn't have it in me to explain that I wasn't comfortable with that (fortunately that didn't happen). ..My dreams have been a real mess it seems to be almost like withdrawals all over again - really messed up and vivid stuff. I've had three or four dreams in the last week where I drank because I reasoned I'd gone so long without that a drink wouldn't hurt. And then I'd be stricken with guilt and unhappiness almost immediately in the dream. I even remember one dream where I finished a glass of terrible wine thought "see? I can do it. I'll just finish this bottle one glass at a time over the next few nights and then I'll get some beer because that'd be nice." Then of course another section of my brain said "This is of course proof positive that you have a problem and why you don't drink anymore."..Yesterday was by far the worst. We'd had a nice long fun day. We realized we had no dessert on hand so we improvised and blended some frozen banana and topped with chocolate. My wife was thrilled and said "I can't tell this from chocolate ice cream at all." All the while I felt like I was on the Nostromo at the end of Alien. There was something about that banana taste with the bitter of the chocolate that reminded me of a few scotches I used to have and I couldn't shake the feeling that I was doing something I said I wouldn't do - and in full view of my spouse. I told her at the time why I was being weird but it was just so upsetting...So here I am. Month 10 and no drinks. Obviously this points to dealing with some other stuff and I am planning to get out of my job but I just needed to get this off my chest because it's had me bent out of shape like I can't put into words for a while now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh that all sounds super stressful especially the out of nowhere taste recollection. Good on you for staying strong and talking through it here and with your wife. 
This is such a good reminder about how sobriety doesn't just magically happen we have to work it. And that there is no magical end date to this addiction. ..I don't have the time that you have but definitely can relate to the messed up dreams and sensations reminding me of drinking. But we have got this! Even with really crappy days weeks months being sober helps us cope with our problems and find solutions...Thank you for sharing. Your post helped my sobriety today.
Sounds rough but keep up the good work...I got really worried last month about having gone so long (also new job life changes etc.); sticking with it was all I could do...Unfortunately I have no greater advice than just one step after another. This will pass and you'll be  better for it...Good luck friend.
Sometimes I get the idea that I don't drink anymore because I just can't be bothered going to the store to spend money on beer...  when stress builds up I find my mind makes the connection to drinking much easier than when I've got a clean apartment and things are going well at work.....I had a drinking dream a couple of nights ago as well and I recall the instant guilt feeling within the dream.  Startled me when I woke up...Thanks for sharing :)
That happens buddy. I had a rough week last week. In fact on Monday last week I decided to give up on sobriety a couple of times. I called an old-timer and he said that I was "right where I'm supposed to be and that whatever I did that day was exactly what I was supposed to do to grow." I hadn't thought of it that way I kept thinking "I shouldn't feel this way.." That judgement of I should be this way instead of that way was a huge cause of my distress. If you are a spiritual kind of person you can always reframe this situation as one of learning to grow closer to your higher power. If you aren't spiritual you can use it to understand how your mind runs you in circles and how to change your thoughts to find peace. Either way the core of the problem for me is always something internal. One huge thing that helped me get through this past week was the thought "it doesn't matter how I feel I can get through it without a drink." Keep up the good work and do whatever it takes to stay sober.
I've gone down that road a bit before (thinking about drinking) and it helps to not think of everything in terms of 'drinking vs. not drinking' like both are of equal weight. At this point you're 10 months sober nobody is going to force you to drink you will physically have to go out and get yourself a drinking problem again. I mean you win by doing nothing...It's also for that reason I don't beat myself up for a craving or a dream. It happens. It's not going to force alcohol into my stomach. The only thing I can do is think about why it happened and move on.
Hang in there! You can do this. 
I call it war.  And I keep an accurate count too every day in my calendar in roman numerals.  Today was a bad day for me too exceptional.  A drink sounded like a good idea.  It still does.  I'm not going to drink though.  And I'm happy you didn't either.
