-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cgqeh/sleeping_problems/

I have struggled with long-term insomnia probably made worse by drinking. I'm only at 100+ days or so & I have noticed an improvement when it comes to sleep but I think I am still relying too much on over the counter sleep aids. I am definitely over using my prescribed sleeping pills. ..In the past I would use alcohol combined with pills in order to fall asleep. There is a part of my brain that is suggesting that I get cough medicine with alcohol to make the pills work better. This is my alcoholic brain talking to me and I have learned not to listen...Instead of listening to the part of my brain that wants to kill me I am reaching out for ideas or even just supportive words. I practice meditation visualization go to counseling journal and exercise a little bit but not as much as I should...Edited to add: I would consider intentionally taking cough syrup with alcohol a relapse. 
----------immediate responses--------

I a created a post a while back with some [tips on sleep](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/317u23/sleep_tips_from_a_recovering_alcoholic/). Seems like you already do some of these but hope you find it useful. 
I started to do a mediation exercise [like this one](http://www.finishhealthy.com/body-focus-meditation/).  I found it to be really relaxing and helps put me in a sleepy state of mind.
Melatonin works for me. Let it dissolve under the tongue. I didn't take it tonight and I'm up on SD   this is an anomaly tho. Also try Michael Sealy sleep hypnosis: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLO9OtUmChpP_Po7RGMHFJ4kNbavmHhYhJ
Long time insomniac here.  Ever since I was a little kid.  I would freak my mom out as I would be up a night playing in the dark as I couldn't sleep.  Honestly if I found my little ones doing that I would consider exorcism...Alcohol gave me sleep.  Terrible sleep but sleep nonetheless.  The insomnia returned with a vengeance.  I sleep when I can get out of bed if I am not sleeping and do something else and get myself back in bed when I find myself drowsy again...I read once that the one of the worst things to do is try to force yourself to sleep while in your bed as you will develop an association with frustration.  ..One of my psych professors told me to try to recognize when I was drifting off as your thoughts visualizations etc. become somewhat disjointed.  Once you can sort of know that feeling allowing yourself  to relax and go with those thoughts will eventually find you waking up after getting some desired rest.  This does work.  She also did a relaxation exercise that I use when I am truly desperate and it has you flexing muscles of your entire body twice starting at your head (your forehead your ears your face your mouth your neck etc.)  It was a hold for about three beats release.  Then again.  Move down your body.  If you can do this in the position in which you normally sleep it helps.  I then have two different places that I envision depending on my mood.  One is on the side of a hill on a cool sunny day. I am lying back in grass that is in need of a cut so it is a bit too long but nice and soft and cool.  I just go with what sounds I hear the breeze on my face the smells of flowers etc.  The other spot is a beach (for some reason I can nap on the beach pretty easily) in pretty similar conditions.  Oddly the first time I was in San Diego I had this familiarity with the extremely comfortable (and consistent) weather only to realize that it was the conditions in my visualization!..Unfortunately I live in the snow belt with no ambitions to move to SD so I use my mind...Hope that is of some help to you. 
