-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cjrt5/the_gradual_slide/

I drink. .I fuck up. .I apologize to those I've hurt. .I beat myself up. .I decide to change. .I start doing better feeling better moderate and manage consumption....Then I realize-too late- I've slid back into being an active alcoholic..I don't see it while it's happening. Only once I'm already there. I realized this morning that I've put (once again) drinking before the more important things. Not all the time- that's what makes it hard to see so often. But it's there. My "relapses" (I put that in quotes because I never really stop- I just cut back and focus on moderating) have pushed my relationship with my SO to a near breaking point. He said "I'll tolerate it until I don't anymore. By then the outcome will not be pretty. Things will change drastically for you". I know what that means... I'll lose my relationship my home my family.....I can't keep apologizing and swearing change. It likely doesn't mean shit by now. I need to take action. I realized this morning that I *cant* moderate. At least not right now. I can't control my consumption past 1 or 2 drinks. After those first couple- I'm a different person. That person doesn't see the reality that I'm more drunk than I realize that I'm breaking another promise that I'm not moderating...I'm actively *drinking*...I feel defeated. I keep thinking about the future without alcohol- and that makes me not want to stop. I know I have to focus on today. Even that is hard. I haven't gone 30 days without drinking in 3 years. I'm scared. I feel isolated. I feel like I'm letting people (myself included) down. I deserve better. I have my times I'm doing just fine while drinking...but when I wasn't drinking at all- I was great...How do I remember? How do I remind myself why I stopped? How do I keep the reality- that I *cant* manage alcohol- on my mind every day???..Can someone here help me? I need help. I thought I was strong enough. I'm not. I need guidance. This is too much to do alone...I'm sorry for the wall of text. I needed to get that out. Anyone who has the time and/or patience to help me- PM me? It will likely be an ongoing job. I need someone with strong sobriety. I don't even know where to begin...Thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

When do you really think you'll be able to moderate? It seems like you believe a certain amount of time will cure your alcohol problem. What's the evidence this is possible? ..Edit: I've been there. I went to AA. It gave me a daily way to interact with sober people. 
Take it one small baby step at a time! Don't think about the future without alcohol - that was the same problem I ran into. The thought of giving up alcohol forever would be overwhelming so after a day or two I'd go back to drinking. Just say I won't drink today - let tomorrow take care of itself when you get there. ..Early on there were a few days where i'd want to drink and I'd say nope I said this morning not today so I'm not drinking today if I wake up tomorrow morning and want a drink then maybe I can drink tomorrow but not today. I never once woke up the next morning being like man I wish I'd drank last night nor did I wake up and decide that I was going to drink that day - I just started the day over again and said I'm not drinking today (courtesy of /u/coolcrosby). ..Also you need to focus on stopping for you - if you do it only for someone else than you can run into dangerous territory if you get mad at that other person etcetera. Once I quit because I wanted to feel better for me than everyone else benefited! ..Also when you want to drink ask yourself would whatever I'm doing now be more fun if I was drunk? I found that since I stopped not one thing I've done would have been more fun if I was drunk. Depending on your drinking habits - it was more of a chore to drink and hide it than it is to not drink...Lastly get a plan together - read books (Carr in the sidebar is good) go to AA read and post here. Feel free to PM me if you want to talk more! ..Good luck stay strong and take it one day at a time!
I went to AA cause I couldn't stop drinking. I kept going to AA even though I didn't stop drinking. I went almost daily for 3 months drinking when I got home after the meetings. There was no way I could deny my problem anymore nor could I forget after sitting in an AA meeting and gathering evidence on a daily basis. You can go to AA even if you're not ready to stop drinking completely. It's the least you could do and the best thing you could do....besides stopping drinking. This worked for me.
This was me for about 2 years. I kept thinking ok just reset -- stop drinking for a month or two and try again with moderation. You're stuck in this cycle of overdrinking and surely hitting the reset button will help next time. Next time I'll know better next time I won't do this. ..Of course next time I started out great! Hey only 1 cider! Hey only 1 glass of scotch.... and I'd slowly slide back to hiding it drinking excessively and ruining my life. ..The way I think about it now - it's not good for you. In moderation or especially in excess. I want to be as healthy as I can. I like living and I want to live it to the best extent I can. ..I re-thought the WHOLE outlook on stopping drinking. Instead of just quitting alcohol I started other activities. I started exercising. I started keeping track of what I eat. I started really caring about my health overall instead of just 1 aspect of it. ..At first I was really overwhelmed with the thought that I'd never drink again. It's so engrained in our culture to drink during social activies it's everywhere. The thought that I'd never have a hard cider again was... daunting.... and depressing at first. ..But now I really love it. I really love the fact that I'm living such a healthier lifestyle. ..I recommend SMART or RR just because for me being told I'm powerless was a self defeating concept. Well if I'm powerless - why bother? If I'm powerless what's the point of trying? Here I am drinking because I'm powerless against it. I prefer a different mindset to quitting alcohol. Just my preference obviously do what works for you. ..Things that helped: having a calendar. It's a visual representation of how well I'm doing and I love filling it out every day. I track calories eaten exercise sleep water consumption and many other things including how many days I've been clean. It helps keep things organized and controlled. ..I'm also seeing a therapist for my underlying reasons of why I felt alcohol was necessary in my life. Anxiety. Depression. Social awkwardness. Lack of self confidence etc. ..Best of luck! 
Ive heard it called "our built in forgetter"  ...To my mind -..Two things there is more to quitting drinking than just not drinking.  Sooner rather than later it's important to deal with the forces that make us forget the forces that make us rationalize the forces that lie and tell us it will be different this time the forces that convince us of the need to drink again.  Deal with these and drinking ceases to be an option...part of dealing with these things involves reaching out - my path was AA - there are others - including therapy Smart Recover IOP etc  Reaching out shows us we are not unique and it shows us how others deal with the same issues and it breaks the isolation......good luck stay in touch...
