-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3com7w/today_makes_8_days_sober_i_finally_made_it_a_week/

This is the longest I've been without a drink in almost 2 years.  My previous record was three days after which I decided I didn't have a problem and went out and bought a six pack.  And then a bottle of vodka.  And then some more beer.  And I was right back to getting drunk every night...I've always struggled with identifying as an alcoholic.  I've never done any of the things I associate with alcoholics.  I've never missed (much) work.  I've never had a DUI.  I don't drink first thing in the morning.  I don't drink at work.  But I'm finally admitting I have a problem.  I only drink to get drunk; one or two is never enough.  I hide bottles of liquor around the house and sneak shots when my wife isn't looking.  I get drunk every night.  I panic when there's no alcohol in the house.  I spend the last four dollars I have in the world on tall boys every paycheck.  I'm an addict.  I can finally admit that to myself...So thanks /r/stopdrinking.  You guys have really given me strength this last week even though I felt like I was dying.  Thanks for giving me place where I can finally admit that I am an alcoholic.  And thanks for showing me what I can be if I stick with it and how good things can get if I only stay sober..
----------immediate responses--------

Im on day 11 feels awesome doesnt it? The first day was hard for me but now it feels pretty easy...Some of the best things. Sorry to hijack but I bet some of these apply to you too..* I wake up early no problem.* Im spending less money and have more money to spend on hobbies.* Im less tired.* Im eating better and it will be easier to lose weight.* I can drive anytime without worry.* I have more patience to be a better mom/partner.* Ive been exercising.* I read more.* I feel like I have more time. Like much more time to do stuff and I have the energy for it
Congrats! The first week is a huge achievement. You can do this. Only worry about today for now. Welcome and I'm very glad you're here.
All of this stuff describes me. I don't have a DUI and haven't screwed up my entire life yet because of alcohol but I do all of the awful stuff you mentioned. I can't just get tipsy - I have to get WASTED. And I'm hungover almost every single day. Tuesday I actually pulled my bank account into the negative by buying a bottle of vodka by 9 cents because I wasn't paying attention. 9 cents and it cost me $25. Then I drank the whole thing and yesterday I woke up and decided enough was enough. ..I've related/identified to this post the most of all that I've read on this subreddit so thanks for sharing! :)
I feel you. It took me ages to accept it too for pretty much all the same reasons. Congrats on your first week. What an awesome achievement. 
A week is actually 7 days
Congratulations one day at a time. You'll start to feel amazing a couple of weeks from now. Keep it up!
You and me :-) 
I have the same issues with identification. I saw some Pinterest inspirational thing that said "I would rather spend my life wrongly identifying myself as an addict than spend my entire life under the influence and trying to convince everyone I'm not" (or something to that effect...I think it was probably stated better but whatever). So. Being reluctant about identification is not going to be a barrier to my sobriety. (As it turns out I find plenty of other barriers anyway!) ..Anyhoo. I know you said you don't have that problem with identification anymore but maybe it helps. :)
&gt; I've always struggled with identifying as an alcoholic...I had a hard time with it as well so I went with *I'm alcoholic*. Pretty sure I'm an alcoholic as well and I certainly do admit to it when introducing myself at meetings. To me *I'm alcoholic* describes what happens when alcohol and I get together while *I'm an alcoholic* feels more like I'm actively practicing the fine art of professional drinking. ..The baggage attached to addiction and mental illness makes it that much more difficult to discuss. Of course I am preaching to the choir here! I'll spare the "if you had diabetes or ____ would you feel guilty?" but the truth is we are or at the very least were sick. Sticking a big I'M AN ALCOHOLIC label on that wound stings...You know what? Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke! I own it... I'm a jerk an alcoholic a moron an addict a bad friend a shitty son and a shitty brother. My cat loves me though - or he's a good actor. But I did somehow realize what a douchebag I was and somehow managed to get sober. There's still hope I think.
Right on congrats!..I identify strongly with what you said. Nothing *bad* ever happened right?? But I know it was never enough I'd drink every day sneak shots to get 'just a little better'.
Congratulations! The first week is really tough. You did it!
Great job; now the hard part. Just remember why you quit and you will be fine. I wish you the best.
Hey we're on the same day! Congrats on day 8 see you on day 9!
Monday was 21 months for me. I started drinking when i was 13 realized I was an alcoholic at 17 and thats when i started trying to stop. I racked up 3 DUI's by the time I was 26 went to rehab lived in a halfway house went to jail twice and kept trying to go to AA. I came to the realization that I will never be able to drink ever. Not only am I an alcoholic but I was a chronic drunk driver. Congratulations on 11 days that is hard as fuck and is an incredible accomplishment because the beginning is the worst. Never give up stay strong remember that alcohol is a drug and will dominate you. You are your own person and you can do whatever YOU want to do. In less than a month i am doing this 3.5 mile obstacle course i just finished biking 15.5 miles on my mountain bike after working all day yesterday I ran 7 miles. I never thought that possible until I told myself that I am completely capable of that and the hard work we put in just makes us stronger. Good Luck to you fight your urges and stay strong. 
8 days is amazing way to go. Sounds like you are on the right path and are thinking about things with clarity. Best of luck and keep checking in with SD.
Good on you bro  I'm still willy nilly in the whirlwind but stay strong.  Stories like yours are getting me closer.
