-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cpsgp/i_made_it_to_one_year/

So I haven't been here in awhile so I thought I'd stop by and check in with you all. ..July 4th was my one year sobriety birthday. Holy crap. ..For my birthday my friends from AA threw my a surprise (well not totally surprise I knew it was happening at my place I just didn't know who all was coming or exactly what was planned etc) party. It was so freaking fun. ..A couple of them cleaned up the front part of my house for me (I'm still working on not being such a slob :\) and then a few more people came over. We ate we swam in the pool we had a really freaking good time.  Then we went to the candle light meeting (I'm secretary so I had to go!) and then came back and set off fireworks in the parking lot across the street from my apartment complex. ..The biggest surprise came on Sunday though when I got my present. r/stopdrinking meet [Artoo](http://imgur.com/a/Uo9Ky) my newest furry roommate. :)..Anyway the best part was that we all had a really great time yet there was no alcohol or drugs involved. This is something I never actually thought was possible. I thought I'd have a second-rate life once I got sober. I could not have been more wrong. ..Here are some notes about the last year: ..* Quitting drinking was one of the hardest things I've ever done. For the first few weeks I was shakey sweaty and felt awful most of the time. My obsession to drink did *not* go away right away. It took awhile and it came back often. But today it's gone. I have actually gone to bars in the last couple of months (to play pool with sober people) and not had even the slightest craving. I never thought I'd be able to do that...* Once I was sober I had my emotions and my insane thinking to deal with. That was hard. It still is hard sometimes...* I thought that by getting sober I would lose my friends and end up all alone. I was mostly wrong about that. I did lose a lot of friends but I gained much better ones and I am definitely not alone. ..* I freaking love service. I secretary a meeting I've done some speaking I go to a rehab every few weeks and talk to newly sober people about recovery and I'm looking forward to volunteering in the kitchen at the local alcathon this holiday season. I never thought I would actually like helping other people for free and I cringe at how selfish I used to be. ..* I still have a lot of the same problems I had a year ago. My life is nowhere near perfect. In a lot of ways it's very much the same. But *I'm* different. Instead of just checking out with alcohol or drugs or getting angry at everyone and everything around me or being depressed and miserable for days I actually have tools to help me deal with things. I talk to a friend in my recovery program I write about it I pray about it and if none of that seems to work I find some non harmful way to distract myself and then wait for the crisis to pass. So far it always does. As it turns out most of the things I thought would kill me won't. The people who I thought were out to get me weren't. The only one who was actively fucking up my life was me. ..Anyway this isn't a brag post it's a gratitude post. I'm super grateful that I'm sober today and I have so many great people in my life who help me stay this way. If you're struggling with this alcoholism thing please don't give up. Things really can and do get better. Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Just wanted to say congratz on your 1 year sobriety and your new furry friend. Hope everything stays on the right path for you.
Congrats on a year! Good post...&gt; My life is nowhere near perfect. In a lot of ways it's very much the same. But *I'm* different. ..Great reminder for when I'm feeling impatient that my outside circumstances haven't changed as fast as I'd like them to.
Congratulations! Great job.
Congratulations on your first soberversary sounds like you celebrated in style! Artoo is super cute!
Wow great work! Just reading your post makes me feel so happy... and that kitten is SUPER CUTE.
Congrats on your sobriety and new roommate!
You made it to one year! Thanks for sharing you experiencestrength and hope with us. You are my superhero of the day. :-)
Really good job.  Sounds like you are doing all the right things and enjoy the rewards. 
That's wonderful. Congratulations!
Great post and congrats!  Really liked this part too:..&gt; I thought that by getting sober I would lose my friends and end up all alone. I was mostly wrong about that. I did lose a lot of friends but I gained much better ones and I am definitely not alone.
Congratulations! So great and glad it was an amazing day. Cute kitty but I gotta say with the glare on the "see dad cook" book my mind immediately thought it was a very different book! 
Congratulations buddy. A whole year that's amazing :)
Thank you for sharing your story; it helped me. 
[deleted]
Congrats  this is a big deal - and invite to Dinos forthcoming...
what a great post! congrats! Artoo is too cute
Congratulations Superhero! And thank you for your service and inspiration!
Congratulations on your year and new furry friend!
Having a year is a big deal...You get to say "I haven't had a drink in over a year."..Even though it doesn't matter how long when the commitment is there personally to other people it's a big barrier. They take it more seriously...In the early stages people still give you those discouraging "he'll be back" looks and replies...You might smile a little bigger when you explain to people your situation.
Artoo is adorable! ..We have the SAME reading tastes. By the way the spine looks on that Game of Thrones book you read them as often as I do. REading is something I missed so much while drunk. I just didn't realize it until I wasn't drunk. ..HAve you picked up The World of Ice and Fire? It's like the Silmarillion of ASOIAF ..I always have to wonder why people lose friends over alcohol. I never experienced that - but I guess when all you have in common is drinking they weren't really friends. I'm glad you found other people who really ARE your friends. ..Way to go ! .
