-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cssm5/selfish_post_from_a_pregnant_alcoholic/

Throwaway for obvious reasons....I'm 25 weeks pregnant and I've stayed sober since we found out (week 6). But I feel like I'm slipping. I've considered going to the local aa group but I live in a very rural town of less than 5000 people. And people in small towns talk....I feel very selfish asking for this. But I just need someone to say good job and keep going. I don't want to let my husband down. I don't want to let our baby down. I've been SO good up until today. I'm really struggling. And feeling very alone....Just need someone anyone to read this. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing a great job being sober this far. It's not easy to be sober for 2 weeks let alone 20. You're doing a great job and your kiddo will be much happier and healthier if you stay sober. Good luck and happy tidings!
You can do it! It's not fun I know from experience - I got pregnant before I admitted to myself that I was an alcoholic and although I was sober my entire pregnancy it didn't stop the feelings of insane jealousy when everyone was drunk at the super bowl or when my husband would go out and leave me at home or when friends stopped coming over to hang out because I couldn't drink so why bother?  I loathed being sober but I can hear my son just waking up in his crib happy and healthy and I'm glad every single day that I didn't drink while I was pregnant. You can do it. I believe in you and so does your little one.    
Good job keep going...My friend I get it.  I drank while pregnant.  Not in excess but I definitely drank.  Then I drank while nursing.  Then I got back into my old black out habits before my child could sit up on his own.  This is not a road I recommend taking.  Getting sober with a 4 and a half year old in the picture is rough stuff...I live in a big city and people talk.  I still go to meetings.  They help me feel less alone and have been an integral part of my sobriety journey.  ..Hang in there.
Asking for help is not the least bit selfish.  If meetings would help you I'd certainly put some thought into going.  Most people know about my struggle and the ones I care about think highly of me for being able to overcome it.  You don't want to be around anyone who judges you otherwise especially for having a problem and doing what you can to overcome it.  You are doing great!
&gt; Throwaway for obvious reasons...Your reasons are not at all obvious to me.  You need support. This place has support.  Why wouldn't you use a name that would allow you to participate in the future?  It doesn't have to be your "main" account just a second account.  ..&gt; I'm really struggling. And feeling very alone...For some posting here is enough to help them get past their struggles. Others need face to face in-person support.  One thing all of those who make it have in common is this: When they're struggling they relentlessly search for an answer and they don't give up until they find one.   If I were in your position I would seek out any and all avenues of support.  The very last thing your child needs is to be born with fetal alcohol syndrome.  After all people in small towns talk. ..
The number one thing that's important is your health and your babys health. If meetings will help you - go to them. Who cares if people talk - what are they going to say? Look at that woman working hard to stay sober so she doesn't hurt her child? That's commendable not condemnable...This is what I was fearing for a long time that'd I'd get pregnant before I stopped drinking/having cravings. ..Don't give up! You're doing awesome - PM me if you find yourself in trouble  
You can definitely do this.  ..I did it (mostly) twice. I say mostly because with baby #1 who was born when I was early in alcoholism it was a cinch.  I had half a glass of champagne on New Year's Eve but otherwise zero alcohol.  I thought if I could go that long that I was cured! (Nope.)  With baby #2 it was twelve years later and I was much deeper into my drinking. She was a surprise so I did drink early on before I knew I was pregnant and I "treated" myself to a weekly measured-out portion towards the end of my pregnancy (when the books said an occasional drink wasn't harmful)...I really wish I'd had someone to help me get into a program then because I started to drink again quickly after she was born and didn't stop until she was eight years old.  She's ten now and she still has vivid memories of Drunk Mom.  I don't want to sound harsh but if you're worried about people talking about you being in AA would you rather they talk about you being the Drunk Mom?..I would encourage you to reach out to get whatever supports are available to you so that doesn't happen and that you can feel really good about yourself as a mom.  Best of luck to you and let us know how it's going!
You can do this! Stay strong stay positive. 
Don't feel alone we're all here with you.  Even if you can't go to meetings which I can relate to there are online communities like this one.  You're not alone you're not the only one struggling.  Together we can all do this.
You're doing an amazing thing just carrying a child so add to that the wildly brilliant thing of combatting your addiction and you're looking pretty damn good from here. Stick with it go to meetings if it'll help and sod the neighbours. Are they going to be rallying round to help you bring up your child? No. It's all about your immediate family and there's no one more immediate than your passenger and that person would I assume love not to have a booze bath every now and then :) Stick with it you're doing great!..Oh and give some up votes for the lady!
Your doing great. We are here for you! Sending good vibes.
Good thing you stopped right when you found out! Going to be glad you made that decision.
You're not selfish asking for help.  You're wise.  Your unborn baby thanks you.  ..Here's the thing.  Once you get through the first 3-4 weeks w/o drinking you're through the most difficult time of physical addiction.  For me that's when the cravings started to come due to emotions or circumstances that I didn't know how to deal with without alcohol.  It's a work in progress.  But acceptance is the answer for me.  Once I accept my current situation whether I or others perceive it as good or bad I can find serenity...Best Wishes!
[deleted]
[good job you're doing amazeballs! keep going!](http://i.imgur.com/GeKezmi.gif)...IMO asking for support is not selfish it's humble
You can do this. Remember that it's not only harming yourself anymore. Alcoholism is horrible for your body and system without being pregnant and if you were to slip that would be putting that on your unborn child as well as yourself. You don't want to do that. You want to bring this beautiful new life into the world healthy and stable. We love you and you can do this...And I hope that staying away from the alcohol sticks even after the baby is born. Casual drinks are one thing but children that grow up with alcoholic parents almost always end up psychologically messed up. Source: I grew up with an alcoholic father and have many friends who went through that as well...Be a good mother for your childs sake before and after it's born. Try your best to do what's best for both of you. Stay safe I believe you can do it.
Independent if your request you are actually doing a great job. I know a lot of people who just weren't as strong and their kids suffered. I really admire your fortitude. Good luck with the baby and with your sobriety!
I've come to find it really strange that people feel like it's "selfish to ask for help" I'm the same and used to think like that but now I think it's awesome to ask for help... most people *want* to help you but won't if you don't ask!..You're doing great and you won't let anyone down I know it!
Good job!..I quit before I got pregnant (I'm almost done with week 32) for my own health and because I definitely have an alcohol problem and I think it was why I got pregnant - my health got a LOT better and I got fertile....  But anyway...It's hard when people are like "it's ok to have a glass of wine here and there".  No not for me it isn't.  Not when I don't want ONE glass of wine but a bottle TO START WITH and then to be drunk until I die.  It was even harder when even though my parents initially respected my decision to quit drinking decided that I was lying about pregnancy and my dad started offering me booze every time I saw him until I started showing.  What an ass...You're doing REALLY great.  If you need to go to a meeting by all means go to a meeting!  I think it's awesome that you quit when you found out.  For 8 years I was afraid that I'd find out I was pregnant and had to quit because I don't think I would have been able to do it.  I am lucky that I couldn't get pregnant until after I did and had decided to stay sober...One day at a time.  You can do this!
Honestly I like this board better than A.A. The help is customized. Just remember that you're *drastically* improving your child's life every single time you tamp down the urge. You will be rewarded when you look into their eyes and know you did the right thing every time. Keep up the Good Work.
You're doing amazing great job! No reason to go it alone. This is a great place to come for support. Check out the AA meeting if you're interested screw what anyone else might think or say. 
Hang in there! You can do it!
First: I'm an alcoholic. Me and my girlfriend tried conceiving and it didn't work. I followed up to check on what was going on. It was my drinking. ..You have what I do not. And it sucks being me. Don't do it!..Good job and keep going!
You've got this. Keep going!
You are doing really well 20 weeks is more then most determined people get.  Remember it gets better without remember you want ot be there fully when your baby is born and you are fully aware of the kid growing up.  Remember we have all been there and remember you can do it.
You're not alone. You are doing a good job. Keep going. For your sake for your baby's sake for relationship for your future. You can do this 24 hours at a time.
Go to a group. I'm 26 weeks pregnant and struggled the most at the beginning (of course when its most critical). Shame and hiding will make that drink look more appealing. Get support. I was able to get to a good place with a support group and exercise. I've had to eliminate all majors stressors in my life since becoming pregnant (easier said than done for most people of course) so I won't go back. Getting healthy is really rewarding. I have a clear head (its been years) and feel so much better than before. Find the good and clinge to the good. It's not enough to stop your bad habit; you must replace it with something rewarding. 
This isn't a selfish post at all. Many pregnant women struggle with wanting to drink (I sure did) and need support for when it gets to be too much. You're over halfway through the pregnancy and you're doing great. Keep asking for help when you need it reach out to your husband and anyone you feel comfortable turning to etc. Most of all keep going! 
Doooood!!  Keep at it sister!!
I've adopted two boys with fas. Keep up the good fight! If not for you for your baby. You have a choice about whether you'll take away your child's choice for life. Proud of you for reaching out! You're a real winner! Keep it up! 
You're doing two amazing jobs at once. Not drinking and bringing a new life into this world. I won't preach; No need. Think about the world of opportunity that your child will be born in to. You want to give them every possible chance from day 1 or even before day 1 right? Steel yourself deep breath and say out loud to your unborn child "I CAN do this. I can do this for you". Repeat it until you both believe it.
You are doing a great job! You've made it this far without drinking. You're doing what is best for your baby. If you drink the baby may be fine but it may not be fine and you will carry that guilt with you for the rest of your life. It's not worth the risk...I did slip and drink while pregnant. I was so lucky that there were no repercussions. So I am not telling you what to do just sharing my experience because you are not alone in feeling this way.  I still feel the guilt even though my son is a robust 4 year old now. ..Pregnancy is tough and sometimes outsiders don't realize how tough it really is (even those who have been through it forget I think!) Put yourself your needs and your baby's needs FIRST. Do whatever you need to do to stay sober. Really take care of yourself. Keep going you can make it.
Nothing selfish about asking for help!..(I originally read your post as SELFIE post from a pregnant alcoholic; I thought that's a pretty weird topic for this group! Glad I was wrong.)
Much love! You've got a lot to be proud of already. Keep going. We're here for you.
There are phone and Skype AA meetings and recorded speakers at xaspeakers.com. 
I'm 54 days sober and 4 wks pregnant (we did IVF husband is infertile he also hit rock bottom in the middle of IVF so it's been a really shitty two months). I get cravings I'm early in the process. AA has been a saving grace for me and I've found a lot of support there. People drink while pregnant all the time and most of the time it's fine but I'm worried about what giving in might mean because it's a slippery slope. My AA group knows I'm pregnant and they keep telling me what a gift it is that I will be a SOBER PARENT. That much more than the sober pregnant lady is the part that keeps me focused. (I'll be a sober pregnant lady too but that's just the beginning of being a mom!)
To be honest with you  I had the same struggle but I gave in . .Thankfully alcohol made pregnant me very sick and I never drank again while pregnant. .Trust me  the booze will make you feel sickly . It won't be a fun or even a " relieving or satisfying " experience . You'll just spend the rest of your day praying to the porcelain God .
I don't personally go to AA but one of my friends does.  He has said several times that the people in the group are very protective of everyone's identity.  He said that his group has some prominent members of our community but he wouldn't tell me who they were.  Physicians lawyers etc.   Who cares what people think of you.  Do it for you if that's what makes your life better.  As black people sometimes say "Fuck the haters."  
My brother-in-law was born with FAS. His life is very challenging. Please don't drink. And keep up the amazing job of nurturing that baby. I am cheering for you from the sidelines.
Just keep swimming.... I went through a similar issue with my son except it was drugs and I was in a horrible abusive relationship.  Soon you will have a beautiful little baby and all this will be behind you.  You can do it.  We got this.
You are not selfish. You are honest. I have three kids and with each pregnancy one minute feeling really good the next feeling absolutely desperately unhappy. Unhappy? How could I be so sad when every other Mum around me looks so gloriously happy. Fucked up right? Well..no. Dealing with alcoholism and (for me) depression whilst being pregnant was like walking through an emotional minefield. It's so bloody hard... You are doing it... you are over half way there. I would use this throwaway account for my daily check-in so I'd be staying in touch with the forum...I swear to you I know how hard your struggle is. Here for you any time you need. Bless you for your courage massive cyberhugs to you lovely lady x
GOOD JOB! KEEP GOING! ..I am so proud of you! That's phenomenal! You are not selfish. You are doing a wonderful job. Hang in there. 
You're doing GREAT TADP! Really you are NOT along (see my other comment on this thread). You are a smart cookie to be realizing that you are "slipping" and need to talk to someone. Keep it up mama...your baby is blessed to have you as a mom. 
"Playing the tape forwards" is a one technique I've used in my sobriety. ..1) If you had a drink - how would that play out for you? ..2) You don't have a drink - how does that work out for you? ..I'll leave you to write your own tape I'm guessing pain and regret would feature highly on the former. And on the latter can you visualise how grateful you'll be to your today's self when you get to hold your wee package in your arms and know you took the right decision each day for both of your health and happiness...Congrats on stopping drinking since you found out! Keep going!
good job! keep going! It's ok to not feel like doing it that doesn't mean you shouldn't keep doing it though. you're doing great! keep going!
I have a lot of respect for you making the right choice and for the effort you've put into staying sober both for your baby's sake and for your sake as well.  It's certainly not always easy and it isn't always pleasant and fun to stay sober and avoid former behaviors.  But in the long run it's absolutely worth it...Keep up the good work.  Stay strong.  
Pregnant alcoholic here! 37 weeks and haven't drank at all (got sober a month before getting pregnant). No aa no anything other than sheer will i guess. I just don't miss the embarrassment I had become.  That being said  it's still hard. I almost snuck booze on several occasions. How selfish is that?  Ugh...I don't really have advice but good job  keep going.  It gets easier? 
You don't want a child with fetal alcohol syndrome . Research it study it.  Know all about it.  Don't do it. Don't put yourself threw a life of torment.  You can do this!!
I have read this all the way over in England and am proud of you taking action to find support when you feel you can't in your immediate day to day life. This sub is one excellent resource and of course you have places like mums net where you can be anonymous and will find others in the same boat as you are finding here...I had an idea and I don't think it matters if you are religious or not and of course there will be a massive amount of confidentiality if you go this route but maybe there is a vicar or a pastor or some church leader who you could approach and just maybe see once a week informally to talk and receive support?..Of course there is all of us and we are here to be shouted and screamed at if needed or to listen or talk anytime day or night you'll find a few of us souls about...Believe me you are doing incredibly well. I think you will stay dry so use this time as a springboard to try and end your unhealthy relationship with alcohol permanently. You've proven you have the skills.
Good job keep going! Just get through today don't worry about the rest of it. You're doing SO awesome!
I'm so glad you came here!!!! You are doing a kick  ass job and there's no reason to stop now! ..I totally understand the feeling of being uncomfortable about people in a small town talking. While I'm a city person the Sunset is kind of a small city inside of San Francisco. One thing to remember is that anyone you see there is there. That is to say they too are alcoholic. ..If you decide not to go to a meeting is there anywhere yo can be of service like a volunteer job? When I get in moods like that I really find service to be the best tool I have...And never forget: .YOU ARE WORTH IT
Keep going it's a hard thing to do and you're doing it.  Temptation isn't a sign of weakness only giving in to that temptation.  Please keep going!
I live in a small town and understand what you are saying however meetings aren't self help therapy sessions. Its a place to learn about solutions. If you dont have a solution just listen then talk to someone after that you feel you can trust. Preferably 1 on 1  and not in a group. 
Whoa! Those people at the AA meeting would be so supportive and would admire your courage. Go.
Keep up!
I'm glad you reached out! Your concern says something against your being a selfish prick! .You can definitely do this! .Take it a day at a time and talk to anyone you trust (including this community).
[deleted]
THANK YOU for reaching out!!! You can do this. You've got this. You are already an amazing mama for doing what you have and you can stick with this not just through the pregnancy but afterward. Think of the gift you're giving your little one by doing this. ..I'm so proud of you for getting to this point and for asking for help. Keep hanging in there. One day at a time. 
I'm a bot *bleep* *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:..- [/r/babybumps] [This mama could use some inspiration/support--please go cheer her on!!](https://np.reddit.com/r/BabyBumps/comments/3cvm6r/this_mama_could_use_some_inspirationsupportplease/)..[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger/wiki/) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose/?to=\/r\/TotesMessenger))*..[](#bot)
You can do this! You ARE doing this! Seek out a meeting if you need to. There is never any shame in reaching out for help. Hugs and keep it up mama
My mom went cold turkey for me.  Drinking cigs and a slew of other illicit drugs.  From 15 to about 3 years ago it was the longest she was sober (52 now).  I can't be more appreciative personally for that...She made a ton of mistakes after that and later got sober... But that 9 months made a bigger impact on my life than the next 20 years...Think about that and consider the gift you're giving.  This for the first time isn't about you..For the next few months try to think that.  The life you're making doesn't need to be introduced to that poison until they seek it.
Good for you for staying sober!  Keep going - you are more than halfway through.  You can do it.  You're amazingly strong to make it this far.  You can do it for the rest of the pregnancy...I know someone whose mother drank while pregnant.  Now she has FAS and an IQ of 75.  She's had to struggle all her life.  The things that are easy for those of us with normal brains are really hard for her.  ..Get any help you need reach out on Reddit reach out in real life but please don't hurt your kid's brain.  
I had 25 days sober before I conceived my son. It's hard but you can do this you're already doing so well! The hormones can make everything so much more intense. You have super mommy strength now this is your first chance to channel it! Go you! 
Every day is a triumph! Don't worry about staying sober tomorrow cherish how much you love this baby and how hard you've worked to stay sober today! Tomorrow worry about tomorrow. And go to a meeting fuck people talking. You're doing awesome to have made it 19 weeks sober! Going cold turkey on a pregnancy test is rough- you've already done something amazing! Just keep swimming and the end is coming sooner than you think. 
We can chat if you ever need someone to talk to! I am 32 weeks. You can do this!
You've made it so far!  I can't personally relate to your struggle but I have a quick anecdote.  Your baby knows and appreciates what you're going through right now...My mom has a friend that became pregnant unexpectedly.  I think it even involved a black out one night stand...One day when her son was about four he asked her what she meant that he had saved her life...She never had said that out loud to him only thanked him for it every day during pregnancy because he was the reason she stopped drinking.  He's the reason she got healthy kept her job had a healthy baby and met a wonderful man to marry not long after...You've got this.  And big bright wonderful everything ahead of you.  ..P.s. is there maybe a town near enough to drive to the occasional meeting where you won't know anyone?
You can do it l! Stay strong! 
My brother has some moderate learning disabilities which were attributed to drinking during inception and smoking during pregnancy. I don't know the science just what I was told. I have a feeling my mom may have drank while pregnant with him but wont admit it. I don't know but she did admit to smoking during his but not mine...His life is so far from normal. He will need to be looked after in some capacity for the rest of his life.
Go you! You can do this! You can get through it. You are such an incredible mom! I haven't been in a similar situation before but I will help you in any way possible. :)  just let me know any time you need some extra support. Hopefully you can also find a group/form of support that you can access near you that you feel comfortable with. 
You are fucking successful. You have gone 5 months without a drink-- AND THAT IS BEAUTIFUL. You will be a proud mother with your head held goddamn high if that baby is born without you having taken a drink since you found out. Keep it up PLEASE for its' sake and yours.
You're amazing. The life in you now is amazing. This is a struggle of course but you have the strength. Just imagine that little bug growing up and running around and making your life heaven and hell all at once. Think of the pride from yourself your husband your family and most of all your little bug someday. ..You can do this. Remember it's okay to be weak it's human. But also remember that you are strong weakness is only in MOMENTS. Your strength now will carry you through LIFETIMES. ..We love you we accept you and we believe in you.  
Hang tight! You will soon have a beautiful ligtle human and you will be grateful you did.
You can do it.  You know what the right decision is :)
STAY FOCUSED!!!!! You're doing so well one day at a time! The life inside you is so important! You can do this!!!!!
This is way down low in the thread and I don't know if you'll even read it but I have to share. ..I had a coworker who was an alcoholic mom. She was really cool actually. But she obviously had a problem. Every day she showed up for work smelling like alcohol. Sometimes it smelled like the booze was in her sweat because she'd been drinking all night. Sometimes it was her breath that smelled like beer because she'd already had a few that morning (I could tell the difference because I was dating an alcoholic at the time but that's another story). ..I actually went out drinking with her one night and we ended up at her place. And her kids showed up. She had two daughters one was about twelve and the other about five. I was pretty blitzed so I was just sitting on the couch trying to be cool. And in the kitchen I hear my coworker and her older daughter get into an argument. I have no idea what they were fighting about anymore but I do remember my coworker's drunken ranting harping over and over on the same thing. Her daughter was just sobbing.  And the little one just continued on playing as if it was the most normal thing in the world. And for her it probably was. I feel terrible that I myself was too drunk to intervene or just leave. But I had to sober up. That was the only time I ever went out with her and she was fired not long after. ..But that's not the end of the story. My best friend ended up dating and moving in with ex-coworker's ex-husband. So I got plenty of updates on how these girls were doing. Those poor girls were so lost and desperate for a stable mother figure. Their actual mother was just such a wreck. My best friend would buy the oldest daughter a nice new shirt and then she'd come back from a visit with her mom crying about how her mother had stolen her shirt and stretched it out. Small thing but if it happens constantly with all your stuff it becomes big. Especially to a teenage girl. ..Anyway life goes on. Fast forward about seven years and my best friend calls me sobbing. She'd just gotten the news that my ex-coworker had been killed an a car accident. She was drunk and at fault. While it was sad that her life was cut short what was even sadder was that her girls were left without a mother. Not only that but they lost her in a way that was totally preventable. So now they have to live with the fact that their mother is dead AND that it was because she just couldn't stop drinking. Even her girls could not give her the strength to quit. And that is so so tragic. ..I had my own issues with alcohol early in my son's life but I this woman was a huge reality check for me. This is what can happen when you let alcohol run your life. OP you've already had the strength to quit. It is SO MUCH harder to quit than it is to stay the course. It'll never be easy but it will get less hard. You can do it! It has to be for you though. Because you want to have a good relationship with your child. Because you want your child to have a present mother. And because you want to remember that precious childhood. And because you want to LIVE. I believe in you. YOU CAN DO THIS. 
You can do this! One of the hardest things for me has been the lack of tasty drinks alcoholic or otherwise. Also pregnancy has made me temporarily (I hope) allergic to my all time favorite food. Tomatos. What's the point of eating a burger or a sandwhich without tomatos? Or tacos without salsa? Only alfredo for this girl no tomato sauce. I used yo straight up just eat tomatos. Recently can't do hummus either (the reaction is mainly acidic). Which meant I had no lunches planned all of a sudden this week. It also means I can't do my favorite thing to liven up water lemon or lime. So water. Lots of water. Occassionally soda when I can't stand the monopoly anymore. It's hard.  But at the end of the day I'll have a happy healthy baby. And it's worth it. Every little kick even the ones to my bladder make it worth it. The lifestyle changes I've made will be worth it. 
I think It's absolutely amazing the accomplishment you've made. Giving up or controlling something that has been a constant or need in your life can be one of the hardest things for someone to do even when there is a good reason. Someday in the near future when you have your baby you'll look at them and know what it was all for. So you could give the two of you the absolute best start in this new relationship. So extremely proud of you. Keep up the great work.
You are doing great mama! If you think meetings would help go to them. I'm used to people talking because people LOVE to talk about anything and everything. My family included... I've had to learn to ignore the chatter and do what makes me healthy and happy. Who cares what they will say! I know easier said then done... But in reality if you are taking care of yourself and your little one and this is another step in that right direction then go for it. Screw what people 'assume'. You are doing a great job keep it up :)
You are amazing. You are stronger than you think and you CAN do this! There will be hard days but you can always come here for support. Every single pregnant woman has their "thing" that they struggle with and this is yours. Addiction is a bitch and you are not a bad person because it isn't coming easily for you. We all believe in you! 
You are being strong for your family and that is the making of a good mother! One day at a time. And if one day is too much one hour at a time. I hope you do seek out some professional help whether it's through your OB or primary doctor or through a program like AA with a good sponsor. Because doing it alone is not an option. It's amazing that you've been able to quit. I am sure your husband is so proud of you. Focus on that little life growing inside of you and all the joy he or she is going to bring to your life. You're doing great. Don't give up!
[deleted]
The fact that you went cold turkey from finding out you were pregnant is admirable. That is an awesome thing to do. I did it with smoking when I found out I am 24weeks now that was hard enough so I can't begin to imagine what you are going through. ..You sound like such a strong person. Keep focusing on the reasons you quit. ..Also feel free to come over to /r/babybumps there are a lot of people there who can be excited for you and support you. You can discuss stuff just about the baby to keep you on track have a support network of people on the same journey as you. ..You are doing so well. Sending over my love and support to you :) xx
If the social dynamic in town is an obstacle try reaching out to a program out of town see if they can connect you with a sponsor you can do regular calls with. Hang in there lady!
You should be proud of yourself for posting this - takes a strong person to reach out. Good luck and once you meet that little one you'll get the reward you deserve. Hang in there and come here anytime for support.
You're doing so good! Im 25w weeks tomorrow and I feel you. You're already a great mother to your baby. We all make sacrifices and change for our little ones. It takes a special kind of strength to show your love the way you have for so long and your baby feels it. We're here for you and so is r/babybumps 
I managed to stay clean and sober throughout all my pregnancies and breastfeeding experiences - however if you need some encouragement - meet some kids with FAS - I know a few and their parents are SERIOUSLY struggling with them.  One of them has a whole host of difficulties and is now on Lithium at 14 years old...  his Mom totally admits she drank in the first 2 months and last half of her pregnancy..
