-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ctxbw/9_months_stress_skyrocketing/

Unlike in the past everyday I go to work. Everyday I go on time. And everyday I work hard. Then I check out the DMY reports to see how things are. A decade of drinking and not going to work really put me in a hole. The business ran because of my father and brother. My dad got sick and decided to retire from it while my brother took the reigns. I kept drinking and sleeping around and never paid attention. This past year I stepped up and jumped in. Now I check the D-M-Y reports everyday and enjoy seeing the percentages go up from what was a horrible prior year...Things are tough because of the hole I allowed to happen. Had I not been an idiot we wouldn'tve been so deep. The business was in the red for years but no one really ever knew how much it was losing because nothing was accountable. Now while sober I've been able to fix everything and I have an abundance of intimate business details. I know how much we were losing how badly employees were performing (or underselling) and how much we were actually making. Things were very very bad and it was going on for a long time. Much like my drinking and deteriorating health...So now I've implemented tons of change. I let go of non-essential personell through layoffs or out right firings. I've trimmed a large chunk of payroll figured out how to appropriately rewards essential employees and I know how much comes in. Things are working the way they are supposed to. It's great but we're still in the red. So the growth is there but it's not as fast as I want it to be...There is also the issue that my brother is not cutting back. I've completely eliminated drinking from my life. Not only could I not afford to blow 1-2 hundred a night like I did but my body just couldn't deal with it anymore. So two birds were eliminated outright. I've saved a ton of money while restoring my health. So all this is excellent...The downside comes from my brother's end. He has changed nothing. He goes out everynight. He drinks to excess. I'm pretty sure he's an alcoholic. I'd say that I'm pretty liberal in handing out that lable but the guy drinks more than I ever did (although he does have a ton more body weight than me) and he does it relentlessly. Sure he doesn't seem to have the negative health aspects but I can confidently say he truly is an alcoholic...So the problem I have is I can't get him to stop. Sure maybe the business is on the rise. Numbers suggest it. But it would be so much faster so much easier if he just did what I did. But he won't. So every day that I run into a problem everytime the D-M-Y report starts to slow down or look bad I get just a bit more angrier. A bit more stressed out...I did something kind of silly yesterday. After cursing him off and arguing with him I closed up and went home. I went to the fridge because I knew there was a 30 of Coors Light in it. It's been sitting there for about a year because no one drinks at home. I pulled out 5 cans and laid them on the kitchen counter. I opened one after the other...Now I know this is bad. I'm thinking about it the entire time. I shouldn't even be touching the stuff. I hear horrible stories all the time about relapsing. Didn't matter. My plan wasn't to drink. I was just going to empty the cans out into the sink and lay them on the living room table like I used to when I drank incessantly. I wanted to guilt my brother into thinking I'd relapsed. That I was at the end of my rope or something...Anyway I know this is kind of stupid. I just wanted to vent I guess. Maybe this was some kind of challenge to myself as well though. When I opened the first two cans I actually put them up to my nose to smell them. I wanted to see how tempted I'd actually be. But honestly I wasn't. I smelled them and just thought it's not for me anymore...So yea as stupid as it was as stressed the fuck out as I am I'm pretty sure I'm done with alcohol. Meanwhile I'm also experiencing some pretty big highs and lows. If things are going great it's awesome. Then suddenly things look bad and I feel hopeless and angry. I don't know if mood swings like this are normal if I'm behaving rationally or if I'm just short tempered. I don't know. All I know is that I see these highs and lows and I know they eventually pass. I'm getting through it fine even though that empty beer bottle thing was pretty silly and childish but goddamn this kind of stress is fucking taxing.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Personally I would be going to /r/alanon meetings to learn some coping strategies with my brother's alcoholism.  A lot of us in recovery are "double winners" so to speak; and it looks like you might be one too.  The other thing is I would have to look long and hard--as you are doing--with what you thought you were doing with the cans of beer.  Remember anger and resentment are the chief offenders for relapse.  Good on you for posting about this; because I've been there and all I needed was one good excuse and I spent 7 years in relapse hell.  Don't go there it's not worth it.  Most of us don't make it back.
Is there any good reason to hold on to the rest of the beer? I don't think I'd want it around. It's not getting better with age maybe gift it to a friend or neighbor?
Imagine the shame of relapsing on COORS LIGHT. Bleurgh.
