-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d647e/14_days_sober_and_a_vent/

So its been two weeks and I feel so accomplished. Ive been up early and exercising. It feels really phenomenal. I really like who I am more. Ive been spending more quality time with my daughter and taking her places. I couldnt before because I was drunk or hungover. ..Ive also been focusing on my hobbies. I just finished a crochet project and I really like the extra mind space I have for things  really enjoy...My sleep is so much better. I like waking up before the sun and going to bed. Before I just used to pass out. I hated waking up and not remembering the last thing I did. It was a really crappy way to live...If you dont want to hear the vent skip this part below..My husband is still drinking. He stays up all fucking night and morning and now it's 3 and he's still asleep. He stays up till 9 or 10 then passes out. Conveniently right after our 5 year old gets up. Its really annoying. I spent some money the other day on some necessary items and some on my hobbies and he made a comment about it. It's like dude you're spending 150 a month or more just on vodka. He's been drinking a handle every other day. We are running out of savings and he will not look for a job. We went to therapy and our therapist got on him about that and he said he would work harder but he just hasnt done anything. He claims that vodka doesnt keep him up but cmon it does. Plus it's terrible for you. I understand that it was my decision to quit but he hasnt even slowed down a bit. ..Our therapist told him he may need rehab because he cant quit on his own. He drinks 20-30 shots per day. Of course that affects your motivation. He said if he stops he gets an upset stomach and really bad shakes. Well no shit. It may be hard and even dangerous to quit cold turkey but you really need to cut back. At least monitor yourself and slow the fuck down. Dont drink in the morning. Help out with our kid maybe help out with some chores. I mean he does absolutely nothing except play ipad games all day...It's at the point where Im just so fed up I dont know what to do.  really dont want to leave because I like where I am mentally. I struggle with a couple major psych disorders and Im in a good place right now. Im just sick and tired of his shit. We have therapy again next week and I hope something changes. God help me...On the plus side Ive managed to stay sober for 3 weeks while there is vodka in the house with someone who drinks all day so yay
----------immediate responses--------

Good job on the sober time. I recommend cherishing your sobriety above all else for the time being. I'm sorry to hear about what you're going through with your husband. Just remember this is better than if you were both drinking. A few weeks feels like forever when you've just quit but it's really not much time at all - you might find things changing down the road if you stay sober because you will be able to provide a better/more calm environment and take care of your own emotional health more successfully...My husband didn't quite quit when I did either and it wasn't very fun early on. The only way I was able to really stop drinking was to completely detach myself from the idea of trying to cure my husband. I had to let go of my irritation at what I perceived as irresponsibility on his part and just focus on getting my head together. I was fortunate that he agreed not to keep alcohol in the house as a general rule; you have put up with a lot in these weeks so congratulations. Time will tell what needs to be done regarding your husband but you have plenty of time now that your head is clearing up. Hang in there.
Rough situation you're in. I've certainly been in your husband's shoes and it sucks. I can't believe how selfish I was the hell I put my wife through what a piss-poor father I was. I wish I had something to offer you other than encouragement for the work you're doing. Just keep working on yourself and building your sober relationship with your child...As for your husband do you think it's a good idea to continue (what I'm assuming is couples') therapy while your husband is still actively drinking as much as he can? For one there's just no getting through to an active alcoholic. Look at how he twisted your financial situation to attack *your* spending habits. Alcoholics are master manipulators. My wife and I reconciled the first time I reached three-four months sober and we tried to jump right into therapy and it was way too soon. I still had so much to learn on my own. I don't mean this just to attack your husband; it's probably too soon for you too....&gt;We have therapy again next week and I hope something changes. God help me...This one really hit me. I can't tell you how much time I wasted waiting for someone or something to come along and change things for me. You're doing your part; keep it up. I know it's easier said than done but you just have to work on what you can and accept that some things are simply out of your control...Good luck and please don't be a stranger.
You might want to check out an Alanon meeting. 
Congrats on your 3 weeks and I'm sorry for what you're going through with your relationship... My drinking killed a marriage to the most amazing woman in the world. She was going to AlAnon and eventually had to leave me as I was on a path of self-destruction that was taking her down with me. Thankfully no kids at the time. She didn't really drink that much ever though. So it might be different for you guys more complicated since you were drinking together and one of you has quit now. I'm not an expert and haven't been on your side of the equation but ultimately you need to protect your self and your children and I know from experience that he won't quit till he's ready (I'm still struggling 6 years later) and there's potential for a LOT of resentment and pain on both sides. Best wishes on such a difficult situation.
Alsosounds like he has depression. I am not a doctor obviously but those are things that people dowhen depressed: hide from the world self medicate avoid reallife by sleeping all day withdraw from family solitary time at night etc etc..He might not have really noticed you've stopped drinking truly if he has depression it possibly manifests itself to him that you didn't have a problem because he has all the problems in the world on his shoulders???..Idk but it is worth investigating and talking to the therapist about maybe on your solo appointment next week...Your current frustrations are totally normal pleasedo not get disheartened. Your brain is still rewiring itself so emotions are going to be heightened significantly and you are going to have to learn how to do shit all over again and how to react to situations. Maybe a little more time will allow your chemicals to settle down again and the frustrations with him to alleviate to a point where you might take a different approach with intervention if he hasn't corrected or started the recovery process himself by then. But I do think depression and would find a way to explore this...Congrats on being a better mum trying to be a better dad myself right now so know what it's like a little bit.
Oh man that sucks! ..My son's father doesn't drink but he does stay up until 2-4am playing video games and will sleep in until I force him out of bed which I don't bother doing unless I have to. It drives me nuts. I have nothing against staying up late or playing video games but regardless when the kid wakes up it's time to get up and be a parent. Even when he is up he's still on the computer and is just constantly cranky with our son and me. ..I partially share your frustrations but it must be tough with all that booze on top of everything else. ..Congrats on the two weeks!
