-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d6kzr/7_years_sober/

Today I am 7 years sober and I want to take the time to thank those of you who are here. I don't participate much but I read this sub every day. It helps keep me grounded and I admire those who take the time to post. One of the most amazing things I've learnt over the years is that when I've felt unique I am far from it and not alone. ..7 years ago I was coming out of a pretty intense relapse. After 9 months of sobriety I went back to it with a vengeance. I lasted a little over 10 days. To say I was defeated would be an understatement. I was about to lose everything and was perplexed. The previous 9 months of progress had been completely undone...My drinking story is not much different to anyone else's. I drunk too much and when I did that bad shit happened. Mostly it was unpredictable. The majority of the time ended badly. The net result was that I could not look at myself in the mirror and that is a dark place to be. ..So today I don't drink and life is better. I can look in the mirror. I haven't lost everything. I have gained many benefits with regards to my health and well-being. I have meet many amazing and talented people on this journey. I have learnt how to love.   ..If you're struggling stick around. If you're new old and or somewhere in between remember to focus on today. One day at a time; they all add up. Keep going. It's worth it. ..Thank you for those who keep this sub alive. I appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

That is a bloody marvelous achievement and you are magnificent. Thanks for sharing and inspiring. Congratulations.
Congratulations and thanks for the amazing post!
Congratulations on 7 years SOBER.  I just put an invite to join us on /r/dinos in your inbox.  
Thank you for sharing this. :)
7 years is amazing! I hope I never catch up!
Nice! I will keep going today!!!!!
What finally worked for you?..Congratulations 7 years that's amazing!
Thank you for your story and congrats on 7 years!
Very inspirational. Thanks!
Thank you for sharing and congrats!
Thanks.
Congratulations...Congratulations...Congratulations...Congratulations...Congratulations...Congratulations...Congratulations...:).
Good work. I like the part about each day adding up. every day I wake up and think "Yes. Another One Gone Another One Down..."
Well done thanks for the inspiration.
Amazing!! Thanks for sharing your story. 
Congratulations!  Quite an achievement.
That's wonderful congratulations!
Congratulations! Keep it up!
Congrats! I needed this read. 
