-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d9b7z/im_feeling_so_fortunate_to_have_found_excellent/

First of all I know from experience that if I have to travel too far I probably won't go. So far the meetings I've been to have been within 5 miles from my house and two others that are upcoming are as close as 1 mile away (in either direction). ..I have been to some meetings in the past - three total as far as I recall before this week. One was a women's many months ago. It was a bit geographically far but I may go back. The other two were in the distant past but I do remember feeling a disconnect there possibly the meetings were a tad more on the religious side (likely given their geographic locations in this metro area)...BOTH meetings I've been to since Sunday felt right to me immediately. This is such a huge relief to me as I've been struggling for a long time and knowing that I can't try to stop drinking alone anymore finding these meetings is helping to keep me afloat...I texted the person who gave me her number Sunday night about a meeting I might go to tonight and she  responded kindly and encouragingly. ..I feel cut off from my friends right now. I intended to talk to one of my best friends about my decision but when I called her she was driving to a liquor store. It was ill-timed but it really did sink home an important point - no matter how much my friends support me - I need AND WANT the support and understanding of other alcoholics (and in person not just here in this sub)...Although my music camp friends do love and support me they can't really support me *fully*. They may truly "get it" about how hard it is but they haven't gone through this except one. That friend has/is going to meetings (again) and trying to quit smoking pot so that one understands somewhat and that's helpful and this person encouraged me going to meetings but also recognizes that it's different. ..Last year when I stopped drinking for seven months I attempted to cope with situations where I was with my drinking friends. I once went to a "girl's night" at someone's house and was okay in that I did not drink but I don't think I'm going to do that this time. Not at all. I'm tired of trying to blend a sober life with the lives of drinkers at least any time in the forseeable future (which for me seems to be indefinite right now). ..I suppose I feel like I'm just letting go. I'm going to try to get to a meeting every day - because now I WANT to go. They are helping me and I don't mind saying the Serenity Prayer or anything involving God/god because I just want to stay sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

&lt;big thumbs up&gt;
keep doing just [keep doing](http://i.imgur.com/ngFxjbx.jpg)
I'm happy for you Op. I'm happy as well. I'm living in San Clemente and some of the best meetings in California are all within 20 min. The canyon club which was founded by one of AA's originals is just a short drive away. 
I can identify with feeling a disconnect at meetings and not even knowing exactly what it was. Especially before I got sober (because I didn't truly want to connect) but even afterwards. Sometimes things are just "off". It may be just me or it may be the whole shebang. No fault or judgement it just happens. ..&gt;I texted the person who gave me her number Sunday night about a meeting I might go to tonight and she responded kindly and encouragingly..I feel cut off from my friends right now. ..You're doing all the right things DD. I'm so very proud of you for reaching out via text.  That was big big especially considering that was a lead in for your next paragraph. Keep making those connections....they'll help see you through. ..&gt;I suppose I feel like I'm just letting go. I'm going to try to get to a meeting every day - because now I WANT to go. They are helping me and I don't mind saying the Serenity Prayer or anything involving God/god because I just want to stay sober...Yep. When I stopped not-picking I realized all that was just an excuse anyways. I've always been a live and let live type of person so getting my hackles up over something like someone else's idea of a god was really just me being silly. Funny thing...the serenity prayer became my most important tool (like a touchstone) getting through the difficult months (two years really) at home following getting sober. ..I hear strength and resolve in your words my friend. It's good to hear. 
