-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3de9r9/just_want_to_see_my_little_1/

It has been an official week since I have drunkenly broken anything at my old home or begged my husband to talk to me or humiliated myself in any way more serious than bursting into tears at the apartment pool while reading Amy Poehler's Yes Please! ..This is a good feeling. It is also confusing because it feels like it's been about a year. There is so much more time now. ..So I'm going to my classroom. I am going to clean and decorate and write schedules I am going to call all my upcoming seniors to make sure they have registered to take the ACT with accommodations I am going to bring a coworker lunch and I am going to let my little boy play with the beloved iPad. I am going to go do a thing I'm good at doing for a few hours and think about other people and Netflix is not going to condescendingly ask "Are you STILL watching?" 100 times today. ..I teach high school (special education) and I think my first wall mural is going to be a big simplistic black and white thing with ornate script that says "And so the adventure begins again" which seems like a good back to school quote and also a good quote for me right now. Being single can be an adventure being sober can be an adventure and a new school year is definitely an adventure. I may only be a week away from that dark place but it was a year-long week. I can't describe how different this Wednesday is from last. If it's your first day I promise this feeling is worth it though I have not magically become rich and toned as I had hoped.  ..Time to be excited! Who's with me? ..Edit: I did all the things. It was overwhelming to be back there for the first time. It was disconcerting that I grabbed my phone 400 times to text my husband something funny to cut the stress when we aren't in a place where I can do that and might not ever be again. It was sad but it was comforting and familiar. Some of my amazing colleagues were there and they have this crazy ability to prop me up when I can't do it myself. I should stop saying I don't have friends. I don't have friends who want to go out and drink and run amok with me but I do have friends - strong amazing women who have their own struggles and have never once thrown a planter at a window but who probably would have come help me do it last month when somehow I thought it would make me feel better. ..I'm trying to process the fact that I am sad and this is an unpleasant feeling and I need to have it and feel it right now. I want to numb it away and stop feeling it and I know just how. I'm not going to but I really wish I had quit at a time when the feeling that would have come back first would have been joy. There were times I could have done that. ..I am putting back on my excited hat and I am going to keep working into the night. To quote The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: I can do anything for 10 seconds. And when I get done with those ten seconds I'll just tackle the next ten seconds. "One! Two! Three! Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight! Nine! Ten! ... A-one! Two! Three..."
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you!  Let's keep it going :)
Good job on a week keep building from there my friend. 
Last night was the 5th time my head hit the pillow sober.  I've been drinking pretty much daily for 10 years.  So I can relate to time moving so slowly.  I devoted so much time to drinking and being drunk.  ..And so the adventure begins a good.  Seem very appropriate!  ..Hum I haven't become rich or toned either!  But my resting heart rate (per my Fitbit) is a full 10 BPM lower than it was 7/10.  Crazy!..And yes I'm with you!
I am not going to drink TODAY in solidarity with you.
One of many I hope :)
I'm with you:) I'm excited too! I had a great day biking with my little girl today here's to many more adventurous days:)
Great job! That first week is huge! Congrats! :)
