-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3deagp/i_was_really_sure_i_would_never_reset/

Hi all..I just sent in a badge reset to the mods. Last weekend I had an upset stomach at work and the bartender made me a soda with bitters. In the middle of drinking it I remembered it was alcohol but finished the drink. The next day I had another one...At first I didn't think anything of it. The last few days I've been dealing with a breakup due to a character defect of mine so it kind of came back out. I was worried that I wanted to reset my badge to further punish myself. I recently got a new sponsor and she told me to think on it and pray and then this morning she reminded me of the passage in the AA big book where Bill W goes to a diner and orders a milk with whiskey to quiet his stomach. It breaks his sobriety and causes a spree. I've thought about it and it isn't any different...I am totally fucking heartbroken. This is the longest I've ever been sober. I literally went out on my 100th day. The fuckits are very loud right now and I am already struggling with the break up and my sober living (try heroin addicts and untreated paranoid schizophrenics in the same room - not pretty) and I just want to have one last fucking Summer Shandy. I can't fucking believe I did this...Fuck...Edit: My post history makes me sick. I think I might bounce for awhile just to avoid obsessing over my utter lack of sense but I love you guys and good luck. Hit the pillow sober. Like extra sober...I go from feeling OK to planning to destroy my entire life from minute to minute.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man don't beat yourself up. Resetting your badge is a personal decision but I have to ask was there any other alcohol in the drink besides the bitters? Bitters is about 47% alcohol but in mixed drinks it's usually used in VERY small quantities. No where near enough to feel any effects...
Big hugs and major props for getting back on track. Don't dwell on the setback focus on moving forward. Let's stay sober today.
Do not beat yourself up over this.  And please don't use it as an excuse to go get really wasted...I did [some reading](http://www.drinkspirits.com/bar-life/drink-youre-drinking/) on this bc I was really interested in how alcoholic bitters actually is.  I think you may find comfort in this:..&gt;When I am taking a break from drinking I often rely on a very simple drink that almost any bar can make something that is easy to sip with more complexity and flavor than having a soda. Angostura makes perhaps the most well-known bitters in the world used in most of the key spirit-forward classic cocktails like the Old Fashioned and the Manhattan. Angostura is a mix of herbs water sugar gentian and spirit that acts like a binding agent in drinks (bringing all the flavors together). Although Angostura is spirit based (and has 44.7% alcohol) the amount you use in a drink is fairly small. I did some measuring and 5 dashes of Angostura equals   tsp which has 0.550 ml of alcohol. To put that in perspective a low alcohol beer with 3% alcohol would have 7.09 ml of alcohol in an 8 ounce serving or 14.0ml in a pint. You can get intoxicating qualities from Angostura but you need to use a full 1-2 ounces.
Bitters?  He probably used a few drops of that stuff.  It's very powerful flavoring.  I don't agree with reset. 
There's only one person who can determine if you should reset.  My question would be: Why did you have another one the next day?..
