-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dk711/day_2_my_intro/

I guess I should start by admitting that I didn't come here with the intention to stop drinking completely but I badly need a break. I haven't hit rock bottom yet and I don't want to get to that place before I quit. The idea of never enjoying a nice glass of wine again sends me into panic mode it's too much to even consider right now so I'm just going to have to go one day one week one month at a time and see where it takes me.  My trial period was 6 weeks when I'll be going to London and Paris on vacation. If I could make it that far I wanted to reward myself with a pint and fish and chips as soon as I land.  Maybe I'll feel differently by that time...I'm tired of feeling terrible for the things I've said and done while drinking. I've hurt people. I've embarrassed myself. I've driven drunk and am not sure how I haven't hurt or killed myself or another person. My drinking has damaged friendships and relationships and it's taking a toll on my heath and my looks. And yet...I'm struggling with giving it up for good...I don't know where I fall on the continuum of problem drinker to alcoholic but I suppose since I'm posting on here I'm admitting I need help and that's enough.  I really don't have a set drinking pattern. I drink about 3-4 times a week sometimes less sometimes more and usually anywhere between 2 and 6 drinks at a time.  Usually beer and wine rarely the harder stuff. I always want more though and I feel a pang of resentment when I have to cut myself off.  I can sit down at a nice dinner and not overdo it but at an event like a wedding with open bar I literally lose count.  Limitless drinking events are disasters for me.  I don't feel quite physically dependent on it yet but the emotional addiction to it is very much there and I feel like I'm at the point where I can slide dangerously into that territory of physical dependence.  I get cravings but they're not strong. I use alcohol as a crutch to get through almost everything that's difficult in my life.  And the thing that worries me most is that over the last year or so I've been unable to have alcohol in the house and not drink it. I must open it and have at least some. I'll easily polish off a bottle of wine alone...I went through an ugly divorce a few years back and now live alone with my cats.  No kids. I'm OK with that part. My ex and I were together since high school and he left me for another woman without remorse.  To say I have trust and abandonment issues is an understatement. My father passed away in October due to complications related to his own alcoholism.  He tried valiantly at the very end and almost won but his health had declined to the point where it was too little too late. ..I struggle with anxiety and depression.  I feel incredibly alone in this world.  I have a few close friends but I have a hard time relating to most people.  I'm introverted and keep a lot bottled up.  Drinking has always been my way of opening up and feeling social and when that happens I tend to overshare everything I normally keep hidden.  ..I desperately want a relationship.  I went through a whirlwind rebound relationship following my divorce a few years ago that did a number of my mental well-being.  ..Most recently I'm trying to extract myself from a complicated FWB situation with someone I care about a lot. I know I have to give that up but I can't let go. I feel like I'm addicted to this person just as much as if not more than the alcohol.  It means I have to walk away from someone I love very much for the third time in less than 5 years.  ..Re-reading all of that makes me really want to do this. .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm really glad you found us :). 
I can relate to many things you have written. I look forward to reading more from you and hope that you can find the support and resources that you are looking for here. 
Welcome /u/dr_eleanorabernathy to r/stopdrinking.  Thank you for the introduction.  Let me share with you the [link to the Baby Steps post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which describes how I stopped drinking and how I got sober.  I'm told the ideas there are helpful and "next" steps to doing this whole sober journey...One other thing "rock bottom" in my experience is not a place it's a metaphor.  When we have had enough when alcohol is no longer fun that's rock bottom.  Oh sure we could keep digging or in my case drilling--but it doesn't change the fact that I hit rock bottom...Good luck and I hope you keep posting and updating as you go along.
