-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dmdln/sobriety_ftw/

I only have 3+ months sober. But it truly feels like a lifetime. I thought I would post not only to help me track the benefits of being sober but also because there are a lot of questions about what is normal in early sobriety. I feel like I have experienced a lot of the challenges associated with early sobriety & I am coming out of it with a big smile...The first few weeks my sleep was terrible I had huge anxiety and panic attacks and gut-wrenching shame as well as a sense of doom. I have read others post about that sense of doom. I haven't noticed it other times I've quit drinking at least not until this past year. But I would get death anxiety. My own personal sober existential crisis...I found that my anxiety became increasingly better with the three s's: sobriety sleep and structure. My anxiety was particularly out of control when I was sticking around the house on my days off not really doing anything. Personally I need structure. I need to get outta the house to do something whether it is to get a sub or walk the dogs or buy a shirt. Once I noticed this about myself I gave myself structure for the mornings of days off and allowed myself lounging time in the afternoon. This seemed to help...Personally I benefited from counseling. I saw an addictions counselor for about a year. Leaving his office I often would relapse. Then I started reaching out for help. For example I would phone my spouse as I was leaving the counseling appointment and put my phone on speaker phone so I could talk with him while I drove home giving me support as I drove past liquor stores. I tried my best to avoid liquor stores and certainly the one that I used to buy from. But where I live there are liquor stores everywhere. So it is not possible to avoid each and everyone...When my spouse wasn't available I would sit in my car after appointments and go on the stop drinking chat room that I put on my phone. I would reach out for help and get awesome advice...I also then attended general counselling to deal with issues that I think are the root of my addiction. Problems with my self worth depression anxiety self care and stuff from my childhood. Crying in my psychologist's office would release feelings that I used to numb out with alcohol...AA was not a huge part of my recovery but on days that I wanted to drink I attended a meeting. I found relief in sharing and hearing other people share. I also felt relief hanging out after meetings with other sober drunks. Even if it was just to talk about the plans to not drink after the meeting. My motto was if I wanted to drink I had to hit in meeting before the liquor store. And if after that first meeting I still wanted to drink I would attend another meeting. I don't think I ever had to hit two meetings in a row. But that was my backup plan...On days that I felt really bad I would hang out on this subreddit and post encouraging posts to others. By giving others encouragement I think I was also encouraging myself. I was reminding myself of the benefits of sobriety even when I was feeling crappy. I learned how to ride the waves of bad feelings knowing that these feelings like all feelings would not last forever. I observed all of my feelings without judgement. I noticed them and acknowledged them. This helped a lot...While my sleep is much better than it has been for the first month of sobriety I still struggle with insomnia. I have been using meditation and simple visualization and progressive muscle relaxation to help call me before bed. I also focused on the sensation of relaxation versus worrying about not getting enough sleep. My worries about sleep would just make me more anxious which made sleep more difficult. So once again I would notice and acknowledge anxiety and ride the wave vs worrying that it would last forever. Because it never did...I avoided social situations at first. About 3 weeks ago I went to my first social situation where some people would be drinking. But drinking was not a primary focus. It was a small gathering at a friends house 2 of my friends drank wine and I drank SodaStream. My friends were very supportive. They don't know that I'm an alcoholic but they didn't question why I didn't have wine they asked what I wanted to drink and I told them and there were no problems...I also started doing more social activities that didn't involve alcohol like going to a friends place and talking in the afternoon. Or going to movies. Or walking around the mall. or taking my dogs for a walk. I relied a lot of my dogs to get me outside and to connect with nature...So here I am today. I got up at 6 on a day off let the dogs out and watched the rain pour outside. I had outdoor plans that I can't do now that it is raining so I instead enjoyed looking at the rain from inside...This is a ramble and I apologize for that. I just wanted to submit something just sharing my story and help me commit to yet one more day of sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting this. I enjoy reading about how others experienced the days I'm currently going through and am always surprised/pleased by the common ground we all share.  
Sounds so great! It's inspiring for me to hear good stories like this. I also find solace in structure; renovating my house during my first few weeks has been wicked helpful. Thanks for your post!
Thank you. Such a good reminder that all feelings are temporary.
Thank you thank you thank you. I am struggling with high anxiety and feel like I am going crazy. I am going to try and get out to do some stuff or at least have some human interaction.
