-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dom84/fell/

I actually made this post three times and deleted it. I relapsed bad. I guess I need to reset my badge. I was dating a girl and she  really wanted me to drink. I did she convinced me. I never stopped since she convinced me to start again. .And she cheated on me and I used it as an excuse to drink. It's been bad guys. You guys have been great to me. I need a hand today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Lean on us. What can we do to support you right now? 
Falling is hard but getting back up will feel great. You got this don't give up you aren't alone.
Ugh so sorry. It's behind you now. Don't drink today and start your badge for July 17. No use in beating yourself up -we've all fallen what's important is that we keep getting up. ..Your post reminded me of one of my favorite quotes.  "Others can stop you temporarily. You are the only one who can do it permanently." ..You let one silly girl derail you -it happens. The right girl won't want you to drink when you've told her it causes you problems. So right there you've learned something and that's what it's all about. ..You've got this..
Hey we all have a lot of love and support for u! Even tho it might make dating 'harder' anyone who won't respect my decision not to drink is not the one.
You're fucking awesome man and you can do this.
I'm new to this so I don't have much wisdom to offer you but I've been there. Occupy your time with maybe exercising reading movies whatever can take your mind off of this. It's worth it to not drink. You'll bounce back quicker if you don't. 
[This](https://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyxi4hoRl21qcwph1o1_500.png).  ..Um you might want to reconsider having someone in your life that's actively sabotaging your recovery. I have never had anyone attempt to "convince" me to drink. I don't think I would react well to that. I can be a little....excitable.  ..All you can do is learn from this brush off saddle up and move on. Hurts like a sonofabitch I'll bet. Drinking might make it hurt a little less today but it's gonna really screw with tomorrow and you need tomorrow to be BETTER than today. Drinking won't make that happen.  ..Welcome back. We're here for you.
There is no need to feel about about making a post like this. ..Welcome back.
Welcome back /u/TZ840. 
Today I will not drink!  Yesterday is irrelevant all that matters is the next 24 hours -- are you with me?
I'm so sorry that you are hurting right now. I'm feeling your pain I've relapsed hard before and I felt defeated. We are here for you you may not feel like you can do this but you can. Press reset and welcome back.
