-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dpgyt/the_hardest_part_is_people_saying_im_being/

I'm nearly 24 years old and a very high functioning alcoholic. I'm sure a friend or family member has said "take it easy man" in their head a time or two seeing me pound drinks but I have a high paying job and seem to be doing alright so no one bats an eye. In fact I have told people I am going to stop drinking or I have a problem and I get told I'm being a hypochondriac. I have never found a better excuse for relapse as someone telling you're crazy and to keep on drinking. I've been lurking this sub for almost two years since I was 22. I started drinking at 16 and need to stop. I think it's too much and "backing off on booze" doesn't seem to work. I saw a quote that said "the man takes a drink then the drink takes a drink then he drink takes the man." I cannot express how true that is for me. I want to be a more active member of this community if I may ask a question: did anyone else at some point feel failure is inevitable? I will never give up but I reset my badge less than I should and worry about the next time I will have to. Thanks guys/gals
----------immediate responses--------

Forgive the typos I'm on mobile!
Being overly preoccupied with the chance of "failure" will inevitably lead to it becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy. I commit to sobriety each day and beyond that twenty-four hours do not dwell on how hard or unlikely my continued sobriety may or could be.
Nearly all alcoholics are *very* high functioning alcoholics if you ask them while they're still drinking.  [As can be seen here.](http://sd.bot.nu/survey/2014/hfa)
&gt;did anyone else at some point feel failure is inevitable?..I'm not sure what you mean by this question so I'll answer a more general question that might be relevant: I felt as things got worse that I was chasing failure. I would have described myself as "high-functioning" as would most people around me--I built a respected profitable business with 50 people depending on me for their family's income health care and immediate future. ..I was chasing failure because I had no idea how long I could keep the balls juggling. And for some reason I kept juggling as I waited for sobriety to show up and force itself upon me. ..It never did. And the wheels on my high-functioning life didn't fall off and I never did get the relief and unequivocal sign that it was over. No big crash for me no DUI no hospital or rehab...Mine was kind of a slow crash parts falling off marriage slowly circling the drain and failing kids starting to doubt me health deteriorating mental state more persistently depressed and just holding on. Juggling and functioning. I was still waiting. ..Finally the pain got bad enough that somehow I realized that the sign to stop drinking was not going to appear written in the sky for me. I was going to have to decide and do it not tomorrow but today. I remember when I took the step of seeking out an addiction counselor. That for me was the step. It led to many other steps but it was the first one. That's when I decided that failure with a capital F was *not* inevitable not for me and what's more I didn't want failure. ..The badge and resetting. That's not failure if it happens as long as it's a step. *What happened what should I do differently?* That's what the badge reset was for me. That said I had uncertainty about how long I could do it--maybe that's what you mean--and I managed to counteract that uncertainty by focusing on what I could manage: **what I do today.** In the early days of not drinking that's what to focus on in my opinion--not next week or next month or does this mean forever. That's absolutely not relevant until you've dealt with today. ..Sorry for the long rambly. Got me thinking. .
I will speculate that you hear that you are being "dramatic" or a "hypochondriac" more often from people that are drinkers than non-drinkers. Drinkers like to spend their time with other drinkers. When someone says they have a problem with alcohol it tends to make the others uncomfortable as they are forced to more critically look at their own drinking...Edit: - I kept thinking about someone calling you a "hypochondriac". Interesting I don't think I have ever heard that before. I wonder if they would apply it to other drugs?  "I am doing way to much meth I have to stop!" ---"Aw you are just a hypochondriac just have a little bump"
Forget high functioning - if you are here you are not doing all right.   ..It's good that you are here but it's not a sign that things are going well.   Relapse does not have to happen. (And can infact be very dangerous)...You do not need be in situations where you have to explain "got other plans" is all you need to say
I still havent told evryone. One buddy was like dude just take a break but honestly im sick of it...Failure is when you stop trying. I stop trying when im pounding beers. Failure happens its ok. Sure i dont want to slip. Detoxing sucked. I dont want to go through that again. I focus on right now this moment this day...Glad you're here.
I thought I was fooling people with the amount I drank but I was only fooling myself. There were many many sighs of relief when I finally got sober...And honestly to hell with what other people think. Your sobriety and the reasons behind it are yours to own; you don't owe anybody an explanation or excuse. People judged me when I was drinking; why do I care if they judge me when I'm not drinking?
I personally don't believe there is such a thing as a "high functioning alcoholic" when it comes down to it.  I would have said I was one when I was drinking...but looking back I wasn't functioning.  I was barely getting by and hated who I was and often thought about giving up on life.  My life is SO much better sober.  ..&gt;did anyone else at some point feel failure is inevitable? I will never give up but I reset my badge less than I should and worry about the next time I will have to. ..I worried that I'd fail.  I had failed before but I hadn't really accepted that I was an alcoholic and wrote a list of the pros and cons of continuing to drink and wrote a list of the things I had done related to alcohol that I regretted.  It is one VERY LONG list.  ..When I found myself reading about rehabs posting on groups about Stopping Drinking  (like the post I'm replying to right now) and accepted I couldn't continue the way I was going it was time.  ..I stopped.  Just in time.  I wish I had quit earlier or even better never started my life would have been much different...but I'm still alive I'm sober now and I'm worth the effort to stay sober.  ..My badge NEVER has to be reset if I never pick up another drink or drug.  Worrying about the "next time I will have to" is assuming I'm going to go out and use substances.  I'm not going to do that.  Certainly not today.  ..
