-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3drd8h/im_2_years_sober_today_so_heres_my_story/

I'm practicing for a future lead so I figured I'd write it and feel it out. ....My sobriety date is July 18th 2013 and I am 26 years old. I first came into the rooms of A.A. when I was 20 but I never stayed for too long. My childhood wasn't the greatest but it wasn't horrible. I grew up with an alcoholic father and a mother that stayed at home until I was about 12. I have 3 brothers and sisters who are very successful to this very day but did have some hard times. My father was not only an alcoholic but he grew marijuana in our home. When he wasn't drunk he was high. Sometimes both at the same time....I remember my alcoholic behavior started super young for me. I started stealing when I was 5 years old and became basically a klepto soon after that. I stole from everyone I knew just to obtain the things I wanted which was normally some type of food item. I was a problem child from the start and my parents had a really rough time with me. ...I took my first drink when I was 12 years old. It was new years eve of the new millennium so I decided to take some of my parents wine and sip it for the new years. I've never been much of a wine drinker in fact I've always hated it and I hated it that night as well. I didn't touch alcohol again til I was about 17. I did however start smoking weed daily at the age of 15....Now if you do the math I was 17 when I took my first real drink and I came into the rooms at the age of 20 so obviously things got bad really fast. I remember the first real drink. I was helping a friend housesit and we were drinking the liquor that was in the house. I got drunk the first night I drank liquor. That night started my love affair with liquor. I was never a fan of beer and definitely not a fan of wine so that left me with just liquor....My disease progressed quickly. Within weeks I was sneaking alcohol into my mothers house in backpacks several bottles at a time. I obtained it through a friend at work at first and later through a friend with a fake ID. I never realized how much I was drinking until July 2009. I was on Xanax at the time for my epilepsy and would take it more and more every day trying to keep the same state of mind. I was growing a tolerance to it. I remember that night in July very vividly. I had taken a bunch of Xanax and then drank a crap ton of alcohol. I didn't realize what I did until it was too late. It was a recipe for death. Once I realized it I didn't do anything about it and decided it was okay if I didn't wake up the next morning....When I did wake up the next morning I decided I had a problem and needed to stop drinking/abusing drugs. I went to rehab the next day at Talbot hall. At that point I was having really bad seizures several times a day all day due to my drinking. I decided I NEEDED to stop drinking but I didn't really WANT to. That's the difference today. I want to get sober. Anyways I got out of Talbot all and went to my first meeting. I put a couple months together but always ended up going back out....I was an on and off drinker at that point. I would drink realize I had a problem then try to stop. I never worked a program though I just went to meetings and listened. Once I turned 21 I would often go to meetings drunk. I would tell my mother I'm going to an A.A. meeting and go to the bar instead. Sometimes I went to an A.A. meeting after the bar and throw up in the parking lot on my way in....Ultimately I end up relapsing for the final time until I got sober this time. I was I think 21-22 and I met a guy at the bar and ended up becoming fast friends with him. I decided to go to his house later on in the week and that is where I tried crack for the first time. I ended up getting kicked out of my moms house that same night and ended up moving in with him and his friends the next day. I had just met his friends the day before and already I was living with them. Things went downhill fast....I kept going back and forth between this friends house and my moms. I would move in with my mom get drunk or try to kill myself go to rehab and end up back with these friends. I had bouts of homelessness as well. I suffer from what you would call grave emotional disorders and was in and out of mental hospitals at this time a lot too. I'd get drunk go the rehab or the mental hospital then go back and live with these so called friends. This went on for years...I don't remember a lot of the few year span between age 22 and 24. I was black out drunk a LOT of the time. I do remember the night I drank the most alcohol I have ever have. It was mothers day and I had stolen my moms debit card. I bought 3 gallons of diluted vodka gas cigarettes and pizza. That night I drank 2   gallons of that vodka and ended up being set on fire more times than I can count. You see my friends I was living with were drunk too and they thought it would be hilarious to spray me with lighter fluid and set me ablaze. I stayed that night out of fear of my mother. The next day I went back to detox....I probably sound like a broken record right now because I always went back to that apartment and get drunk again within a few days or a few hours. Things never changed. The apartment was in the condition of your typical trap house and there were 5 of us living there with several pitbulls in a one bedroom apartment. The dogs weren't house trained or anything they would poop and pee all over the apartment floor that I had to sleep on. ...I'm not going to go much into my environment or what happened in those few years because I have PTSD from it. My friend that I lived with was very abusive towards me and beat his girlfriends. It was mainly mental abuse on my end but physical on theirs. He would never touch me. At least I thought. I felt like I could save his girlfriends by living with them because I was the one person that could calm him down. They didn't get hit much around me but they did while I was gone. ...Thankfully I never received any legal consequences but I did receive a lot of physical and mental. As I said before I suffer from mental disorders and am even disabled via them to this day. I've been In and out of mental health hospitals for years and have had more suicide attempts than I can count. But I can tell you one thing I haven't tried to kill myself in almost a year because I am sober. I am more stable with my mental disorders now that I don't put illegal substances in myself all the time....Now lets get to my last drunk. It was July 17th 2013 and I was drinking a fifth of 151 every day at that point. I had celiac's disease so I needed grain free vodka and 151 does not have any gluten in it so that was my reasoning. My best friend at that time was trying to out drink me so he could prove that I'm not the alcoholic I said I was. I was taken advantage that night by him sexually and ended up in netcare within hours after. It was the worst night of my life. I've actually been sexually taken advantage of 3 times in the few years I was drinking. I was always drunk when it happened so I decided I really needed to sober up..The key difference to this last time is I actually for once WANTED to get sober so I went to rehab and have been sober ever since. Instead of going back to that apartment I always returned to I  moved into a sober house when I was 21 days sober and lived there til I was 17 months sober. It helped me stay sober and I met a lot of really cool friends there. There was some drama but it was worth it. My stay there helped me a lot with my mental disorders and I was able to seek the help that I truly need. I am very grateful to state that I no longer have seizures and I am fairly stable mentally. I have a lot of people to thank for that....Anyways I can tell you for sure that the promises do come true. Since I've gotten sober I've gained the trust back from my family got a car and I'm no longer homeless. I'm currently going to school to become a drug and addiction counselor and I wouldn't trade my past for the world. It has formed me into the person I am today and I couldn't be more grateful for the things I've gone through. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing - a really inspiring story! And well done on two years sober! 
You've been through so much and come out the other side with two years sobriety good for you congratulations!
Great story and congratu-freakin'-lations on two years! That's a long ass time for people like us...I'm not making comparisons here but I resonated strongly with your experiences. The timeline of drinking the mental illness the self-destruction... all of it hit very close to home and I very much appreciate the reminder of where I was before and where I will *very quickly* go should I go back to my old ways...Did you notice an upswing in your mental health after sobering up? I know the first couple of months can be hell but after that I did feel like I could manage my disorders to a much greater extent.
I hope you submit this to the Saturday Share link.  
Love it!
Congrats!
Thanks for sharing! I had daily partial complex seizures for years that I considered "under control" because i wasn't having tonic clonic seizures all the time.  That was the way I told myself the four different epilepsy meds worked so I was able to continue drinking.  I am 5 years seizure free thanks to decades of damage and one brain surgery later!  Only a year and some change sober on my end but it is in fact getting better!  
[deleted]
Congrats on 2 years and I'm glad things have gotten better for you.
Fantastic story! You should write a book! Keep strong. 
So glad to hear you've got on top of this beast for two years!
