-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3drn6r/so_i_drank/

Yep that's right  you read  my title correctly. Although it was only a glass or two I am going to ask to have my badge reset. 8 days was the longest I have to ever gone without alcohol in the past year and although I am ashamed  I am trying to remain positive . I am going to view this past week as evidence that I CAN abstain if my will power is strong enough. But most importantly  I am choosing to recognize that I managed to stop myself before my drinking got out of hand. Although despite this incidence of self control I do recognize that I am fortunate and as a result I do not intend to try "moderation " in the future . This evening was just a lucky hand . ..I have also learnt that relapsing for a few drinks isn't worth the guilt . I didn't get drunk  I didn't even get buzzed. It just made my heart hurt. I am stronger than this. We will beat this .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back sounds like you got this figured out great that you came straight back too! Onwards and upwards friend :)
Good job on keeping it under control but I've gotta tell ya--I have seen a TON of these posts (drank not too much it taught me that I wasn't missing out on anything) and I'd say that a good 90% of those folks were back to daily drinking within a week or two. ..I've also gone through this myself a bunch of times.  *Yay I proved I could quit now I know that a couple drinks aren't worth it I won't do it again.*  It never ended well for me either...One thing it took me a very long time to learn: For me quitting had nothing to do with willpower.  Willpower was a red herring...Stay vigilant.  
Gotta roll with OTR on this one. We seem to suffer from a vulnerability to a logical fallacy.  ..Just because we survived an experiment with moderation *one* time we conclude that we can survive an experiment with moderation *every* time. And it just ain't so.  ..Pretty much every relapse story -- and none of them are pretty -- begin with "I stopped working on my recovery" followed by "I thought I could handle just one or two". Maybe it works for a while but not for long. It didn't for me.
[deleted]
&gt;I am going to view this past week as evidence that I CAN abstain if my will power is strong enough...For me will power is very finite. It will only be a matter of time before I either decide that I'm not really an alcoholic or I get a terminal case of the fuck-its. I have to actively apply myself to a program of recovery that addresses all aspects of the insanity that precedes my first drink. Drinking is just a symptom of my disease not the disease itself.
Hey there I tried that a few times before I got this badge. Had over a year sober and decided a few drinks wouldn't hurt. Did that twice actually. Good for you for stopping before the stinger. I didn't. The good news is that I am actually sober because I want to be this time. The time I had sober was not in vain. I remember everything that I learned. Getting sober wasn't the hard part for me. It was staying sober. I had to experience the slips to learn how to live without alcohol. Keep your head up. It gets better. Peace and good vibes.
Good job on keeping it under control.  You said a drink or two in my experience that usually means quite a bit more. Anyways  it looks like you have this figured out. Keep on keeping on I wish you the best of luck.
Yeah I would feel extremely guilty if I drank at this point. Its just not worth it right?
Glad you came back.  What led you to drinking in the first place?
good being honest. that is so hard. i have struggled with this so much. i am currently sober the longest i have ever been sober before this i could not even get a day or 2. 8 days is a lot on just willpower. i hate that feeling you get when you feel the shame of relapsing. at least you are fessing up. tonight i felt like drinking tbh. i have not felt this way my whole new sobriety but this is scary how the cravings come out of nowhere. it is a moment by moment thing. if you can meet some good people in aa. gravitate to the good solid members at meetings that you like and if they invite you to lunch or coffee and you do not have anything to do just go. people in recovery are the nicest people i have met. that is honestly what is helping me. and following quotes and spiritual stuff on the internet staying busy. do what you love. see family more if it helps you. do some hobbies cooking or walking. i just want to wish you well and felt like sharing what is helping me currently. life is really good. minus that weird craving tonight! but otherwise good. good luck to you :). 
