-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dwagu/i_chickened_out_of_going_to_a_meeting_alone/

So yeah as the title says I had no one to join me at a meeting tonight so I prepared to go alone - it would've been only my second time riding solo - but the entire drive there I was an anxious mess and ended up just completely driving past the meeting and going home. So now I'm sitting here on Reddit kicking myself for not going because I'm only two weeks sober as of today and really struggling to keep it up. I just don't know how to deal with the loneliness I'm feeling recently.
----------immediate responses--------

I remember going to my first meeting 15 years ago. I sat in the car for a good long while talking to myself. " are you really going to go up those stairs to the meeting?" Finally I did and it was a meeting with a bunch of biker dudes and ladies. I was like WTF is going on? These aren't my people ; after all the preliminaries were finished two bikers did a 1st step mtg. They couldn't have been nicer and full of wisdom. They told me to go to 90 mtg in 90 days ; gave me a Big Book and a 24 hour medallion. I recently reconnected with The Lakers at Gopher State Roundup and thanked all of them profusely. I spent the next 15 years following my own advice and staying drunk. I'm sober today by being open honest and willing to do whatever it takes to stay sober and more importantly live a fulfilling life in recovery 
[deleted]
I did about 4 laps around the block before walking into my first meeting. Before that I must have driven to a meeting 3 or 4 times without getting out of my car. Kudos on trying it gets a little easier each time.
In my early days I occasionally felt that way. So on a couple of occasions I had to outsmart myself.  ..This may come as a shock but there are actually a few people in AA that aren't allowed to drive by law. So what I did is offer rides home to anyone that needed one. Then as friendships developed I started offering them rides TO the meeting.  ..This "outsmarting of myself" had a couple of beneficial effects. First I couldn't chicken out there were other people depending on me...as alien as that thought was to a freshly dry alcoholic. That I could actually be depended upon.  ..Secondly I found that I was often getting more out of the conversations in the car than I was getting out of the actual meeting. It's one thing to participate in a roomful of alcoholics and quite another to interact one-on-one.  ..You as a driver are in a particularly useful position to be of service to other alcoholics. Struggling with loneliness? Invite your passengers to stop for a coffee or a hamburger. You'll find that there are a lot of people in these rooms that either feel or once felt exactly as you feel. And getting across the threshold is the first step to meeting them and developing a friendship with them. Then it's bye-bye loneliness.
I have found that doing things in spite of  my best thinking and feelings has saved my life..... So much of recovery is taking action and actually doing something positive for ourselves. Alcoholics like me have to go to meetings to find out what those positive things are..Just put one foot in front of the other the rest will take care of itself. Try again tomorrow?
I'm sitting outside a meeting right now feeling like an idiot but my heart is in the right place. My ass not so much. I'm close though!
There's also the real-time chat on the sidebar if you need to talk with folks. ..I've only ever gone to meetings alone. Once I saw how welcoming folks were and how I wasn't the center of attention  (except for getting the 24 hour chip) I was able to relax. I went to a new one the other day wearing a race t-shirt that said "Big Gay 5K" in rainbow letters. It was definitely a litmus test of the open-mindedness of complete strangers! They didn't bat an eye.
You are not alone! One of the best things you can think about is that every single person in that room has been in your shoes some more than once. ..Keep trying brother! If you don't make it in the door next time try to make it to the parking lot and sit for a bit and just watch the other people walk in. Keep doing that until you are ready. ..Good luck!
