-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dwfjb/finally_taking_the_first_step/

I've considered giving up drinking in the past but I've always allowed myself to be dissuaded by people who didn't know the depth of my struggle with alcohol. After a humiliating night out with colleagues and a VERY expensive ride home (I had to pay the driving service a cleaning fee for throwing up in the car) it's time to start making choices that are good for me...What I'm most worried about is losing the social aspect of drinking. Is it hard to go out with a friend/acquaintance/co-worker if they're the only one drinking? If I'm scared to put myself in a situation where alcohol is being served am I going to become a hermit? I'm already pretty introverted and "going out for a drink after work" was always an easy way for me to be around people.
----------immediate responses--------

You will be amazed to find out that we alcoholics tend to gravitate towards people who are doing the same things we are. Did you know that the majority of people in this country do not drink or rarely drink? Did you know that there are other more positive things to do after work? I have been hanging out with the same group of friends some for more than 20 years none of them are alcoholic and none in recovery. Just me. and you knowthey hardly ever drink one or two of them might have maybe two beers on a friday poker night. I literally have never seen some of them drink. Golf Poker extended trips out of town..... I have gained socially!!!! I have gained personally and financially.... "Struggle with alcohol" yup.... "Humiliated" yup.... "Expensive" yup..... "Introverted" yup.... "Afraid" yup...... You will fit right in here and their is a whole gang of great people who don't drink and are nothing but better for it :-)
Good luck man! It's difficult 
Hey.  Good luck man.  
Good luck.  First step is to get sober.  Don't worry about those future situations quite yet.
Yah I wouldn't worry about the future situations yet. Not drinking today is the priority. It's OK to push your self-interest a bit in the beginning. You're not drinking for you not for anyone else and keeping that focus on..&gt;making choices that are good for me..is crucial. Knowing alcohol isn't one of those choices is necessary for me to move on. ..If you do find yourself in a situation where you're socially pressured to drink (which many here would advise against being in the situation I mean) it helps me to have an exit strategy. Some preset reason for me to leave. For what it's worth discovering new ways of interacting with people in sober environments has become exciting for me in a way that while I was drinking I never imagined would be possible. But like you I mourned the loss of my future alcoholic self. Screw that guy. ..I've also found that my alcoholic thinking shifts everything onto me. In reality none of my social peers have even mentioned my not drinking in three weeks. So you may not experience the pushback you're expecting and if they're really worth hanging out with they won't care. 
