-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dxs2b/3_days_in/

Had to really fight the cravings this morning. I'm doing what some advice against and that is quitting drinking and stopping smoking at the same time. In my mind they are so connected that for me I have to these together. I promised myself to have a drink next Friday to keep me sane. I instantly felled a rush in dopamine as I promised myself a drink. It's the same with drug addicts when they see images of the drug or get in contact with parafernalia. When I got home I rationalized and decided I won't have that drink Friday. I'm happy I did not drink for 3 days but I have rational fears that I will relapse. I keep in contact with A.A. but I feel we do not connect. My brain is in a fog at the moment and I feel like I'm blogging. Really happy about my body: my heart rate is normal and I can breathe more easily. To get through the tough times I'm watching The Wire (warning: this series contains a ton of 'mental triggers' so not for the sensitive). I'm barely a religious person yet at the moment I'm praying for myself and all others that we find the strength in ourselves to make the right decisions. Let's do this!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for checking in. You remind me of me back in the day. What worked for me (after nothing else did literally nothing and suicide was starting to look attractive) was NOT DRINKING TODAY. Just today. Not tomorrow next Friday whatever. Today I'm focused just on that. I'm about to go to a meeting I've done my prayers and medication I'm checking in here on SD to find out how others are doing and in a few minutes I'm going to a meeting. I used to try to "outsmart" this thing and I found out the hard way by getting really banged up that I can't do it alone and I can't stay sober next Friday just today. Good luck to you and let us know how it goes!
I'm in a similar spot. I don't want to drink but I keep thinking about it. The only thing I promised myself is that I won't drink today. I think I'll find something to watch too. Thanks for the idea and hang in there. You can do it!
Hello welcome! I found that I had to quit both at the same time too. We can do this!
