-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e0w1f/almost_at_6_months_and_im_feeling_more_tempted/

It's taking a lot of willpower for me to not start drinking again. I've managed to stay sober for almost 6 months and suddenly the urge to drink is starting to become overwhelming and I find myself making excuses to drink and I'm having a harder and harder time fighting them. I'm worried I'm going to relapse soon. .Any advice? 
----------immediate responses--------

well what are you doing to ensure that you won't drink again?
[deleted]
For me urges like that come and go.  Luckily the longer I'm away from it the less I get them (and the weaker they are).  As you keep going in sobriety it could be the same for you.  I remember how bad things were when I was drinking and why I had to stop completely.  ..I also think and tell myself I *don't* have to drink instead of I *can't* drink.  One is a good choice for me one is thinking I'm missing out on something (I'm only missing out on problems). ..You can do it!  Hitting 6 months means a lot you can keep doing it one day at a time.
Hoping and muscling your way through this is NOT easy.  6 months is incredibly strong on will power alone. ..Did you read Allen Carrs book?   I highly recommend it.  ..It might give you what you need to reinvent your approach and put the urges and the temptations behind you. It worked for me.  
I've found that being accountable to at least one other person a huge help. It was easy to break promises to my family but once I'd enlisted someone I respected but wasn't that close to it felt like a real let down if I cracked. Do you have any strategies in place are you talking to professionals or attending a group? Six months on will power is amazing but maybe you'd appreciate some help now? Be such a shame to slip after this effort. All the best.
Been here my friend when I start to feel this way I play the tape forward. If I drink today tomorrow I will wake up feeling ashamed guilty I've gained nothing by drinking I've thrown away all my hard work and then continue drinking because "I'd fucked up so I may as well carry on." ..I've had a few relapses at around this point because I'd convince myself that "I was ok now" and "I've gone this far so yes I can control my drinking!"..I had six months in 2013 and pissed them away at Christmas 'cause I thought I'd cracked this drinking lark. I was gutted that I had undone all the hard work that I'd put in. ..Remind yourself why you are here why you stopped. I thought I could do it alone I turns out I can't. Not sure about recovery groups? Neither was I but I dipped my toe in the water because I had nothing to lose by trying. Good luck :)
Individuals have a finite amount of willpower. Really. Scientists [measure it](http://is.gd/blindme). It can get us a long ways but at some point we start to run out. That's where having some other system helps. ..You've got some good suggestions already. I'll add long-term goals. I set goals that being sober would help accomplish a week or two out. I'd made it so many weeks already that another one or two before I relapsed wasn't that big of a deal.
