-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e2lv2/bad_dream/

I woke from a dream the other night sweaty anxious and thankful. Thankful that what I had just experienced was only a dream. I don't remember what lead me to drink in my dream I just remember having bought and consumed most of a big bottle of cheap vodka. What followed was a series of encounters with my wife my father and my therapist. I decided to hide that I had been drinking. I used Visine and mint gum to try and mask the signs of my drinking and I was focusing really hard not to slur my speech...I was a nervous wreck and couldn't overcome the feelings of guilt and anxiety inside my dream. My worry wasn't about the failure to stay sober this time around. It was about the lying. I hated myself in those moments for lying to the people I care about most. The people that support me want so much to see me live a happy and meaningful life and to live to be there as a husband and father. The guilt and shame was overwhelming. I knew I was a fraud and I was pretty sure they all knew it too...I am thankful for that dream. It felt so real. I'm seeing it as a gift  in that it let me experience those awful feelings without actually relapsing. I'll use this reminder as another tool in my toolbox...I've quit drinking for varying lengths of time over the years. It's usually just been me on my own. Doing it quietly without any real accountability in place. I failed every time. I feel stronger this time around. I've been working to gather tools so that I'm more prepared to do the work. Transparency and honesty with my wife seeing a substance abuse counselor on a regular basis online resources and communities like this sub and SMART and actively working with my doctor to get my blood pressure under control with a healthier diet and exercise. The physical health thing is something I've been putting off far too long and it was easy to ignore while I was drinking regularly...My hope is that being more equipt this time around will make it easier to say no when the cravings come.
----------immediate responses--------

[What do drinking dreams mean?](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/) is an FAQ post that I put together after exchanging emails with dream researchers that you might find interesting.
If it makes you feel any better I'm still having them. I've only been a little over 3 weeks sober this time but they have eased up a little. Last time I quit I only detoxed in an ER for 48 hours and was then on my own. This time I went to a detox clinic along with rehab. I mention this because the nightmares (as I like to call them) have been less harsh this time around. The positive that I get out of them is that at least it was only a dream and I didn't actually screw things up again. Good luck and I hope you get good dreams back again.
Wow. Sounds scary but I'd see it as a gift too...to remember how it feels to have that awful guilt and shame without actually having done the thing! Must've been a relief to wake up.
