-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e5dga/hey_guys_having_a_rough_night/

Disclaimer to the white belts: I'm mostly feeling melodramatic tonight and life sober is 1000% better than life as a drunk...Turns out getting sober was just the first step down a long road of turning my life around. And it's hard really hard to make big changes. In the past month I've quit my job began orchestrating a move across the country and started taking graduate-level classes (non-degree right now but still).  I'm sitting here staring at all the papers I want to read before class on Thursday and thinking about the homework assignments. I feel completely paralyzed. I'm also waiting on my new landlord to send me a lease agreement to sign I just want to have something in writing already.  Maybe then I will feel better. ..In the midst of all this change my brain won't stop whirring. My thoughts come out mostly scrambled and I have a hard time holding coherent conversations with people. My therapist says it's because of everything being in flux in my life right now. ..I don't want to drink. I really don't. But I'm scared that I will. I saw a menu board last night that said "stop thinking start drinking" outside of a bar and I took a picture of it. I'm thinking maybe that's relapse behavior or at least me admitting to myself that I'm overwhelmed and unsure what to do to cope. The terrifying thing is I don't know when this stage is going to wind down. Once I arrive in my new home city I have to find a job start taking classes not to mention just getting adjusted to a new environment and roommate. This could drag out for many more months. ..I'm going to a SMART meeting on Thursday and I have a therapy appointment tomorrow. I know that I won't drink but damn do I feel miserable right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I noticed I'm my most unstable during periods of transition or uncertainty. I hate waiting. Remember this is all temporary and   eventually you will find stability amongst the chaos...The longer I go the more I embrace the journey. I used to be very anxious about my future. What my reward was going to be for doing the right thing. Now I can enjoy the transition. I have learned to appreciate the challenges life offers as opportunity to grow. I don't resemble very much at all the person I was nearly two years ago inside or out. And I'm grateful for that. So all the shit I went through in between must have been worth it. Trust thay whatever uncomfortable feelings you have right now whatever pain you experience will prove to be worth it as long as you don't drink.
My sobriety coincided with significant life changes too. I soon discovered that sobriety is like a vitamin or supplement; it promotes stability encourages calm. I started to feel "drink? Upset the apple cart? In the middle of all this shit? No way.".Hang in there!
Stop drinking. Start thinking...That sounds better...I've got work I could be doing tonight too. Training videos to try and follow papers to write... I'll probably set my alarm for earlier tomorrow and tackle them then. That's not procrastinating right?
Changing jobs and moving are the two things that really stress me out. Which makes it odd that I worked as a freelance consultant on international jobs for so many years. I guess I just eventually realized that life will keep going on and I will survive no matter how trying things might get. Anyway no real words of wisdom...just one hour in front of the other. 
Ha..white belt. I like that. Thats where I am right now. Congrats on your long standing sobriety. I know for me one of my biggest issues is that I overwhelm myself by trying to fix or take everything in at once. Its just about doing one right thing after another. Break it down into smaller assignments one at a time. 
Good for you starting grad school. I think I've been out too long to go back now(real world math is easy grad school math is hard) but I've always wondered where that would have led me. 
&gt;. I'm thinking maybe that's relapse behavior..Yeah I think it is. I'm no expert but that menu board wasn't even clever. You should definitely double your guard on stuff like that. I mean in terms of thinking or obsessing about it irrationally
