-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e5txv/immense_guilt_shame_and_stress_due_to_my_drinking/

These last few days have been rouuuugh. I've really messed stuff up with a bunch of people in my life. All separate drunk occasions and I can't stop thinking about my actions and having like mild panic attacks thinking about what people must think of me. ..I have an aunt I'm avoiding because I broke a few things while she let me stay at her place when she was away. In a desperate attempt to get me to realize how shitty I am when I drink my parents told me a bunch of stuff my relatives said to them about me a few weeks ago and I can't stop thinking about it. I crashed my brothers friends birthday thing and embarrassed my brother in front of his friends (again). And I got kicked out of a comedy club my friend works at because I was belligerent in front of all his coworkers and embarrassed him a lot. There's more but that's the brunt of it and that all happened within the last 2 weeks...I get that there's nothing I can change about those events and realizing that does help. I know I can keep any of these things from happening again by just not drinking. I just literally cannot deal with this shame right now. I need constant distractions from my thoughts or I go crazy. I'm super depressed and don't feel like doing anything but watching TV. I used to tell some friends about my drinking fuck ups and it always made me feel better to tell people but lately things have just been so over the top I'm too embarrassed to tell anyone. I didn't even want to post this here because all my posts are such downer posts these days and I'm sick of complaining saying I'm back and drinking a few days later. I wanted to get this off my chest though because its just been driving me crazy and it's better to get it out there instead of holding it in right? ..Anyway thanks for the constant support from this sub when I've just been a serial relapser/downer for the past few months. I know I need to put a lot more work/effort in and I'm going to legit start trying. ..<3  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I just literally cannot deal with this shame right now. ..A key realization for me has been that in sobriety when I say that I *can't* deal with something what I ACTUALLY mean is that I don't *want* to deal with something. I am physically mentally and spiritually able but my addiction is doing its best to convince me that I am not. When I tell that voice to "shut up and go sit in the corner" I find that despite being uncomfortable I *am* capable of sitting with my feelings whether they be guilt shame anger or fear...I know that sharing can be difficult and it's easy to feel like you're being a downer or a burden but look at it this way- we are all here because we *want* to be. If someone takes the time to read your post or even better respond to it it's because they found something in it that helps THEIR recovery too. Have you considered possibly attending an in-person meeting and sharing your experiences?
Dude I'm going through the *exact same thing.   UUuuuuuuug.
OK so being a drunk ass sucks. I can verify that observation personally. What next beyond complaining about it? ...&gt;I'm going to legit start trying. ..When? What is your plan to start trying? ..You can do this; for me just saying I have to stop didn't really help--except I felt bad a lot and then wanted to stop feeling bad. Making a plan for not drinking today did help and eventually it helped me be at peace with some of the stupid shit I did or at least be able to move on and try to be better...Good luck let's get a plan together.
&gt; I know I can keep any of these things from happening again by just not drinking...Sounds like a good idea
I've been an ass and a chronic relapser here...for years. I finally accepted that there is only one way I can stop the cycle. I can never drink alcohol ever. Period. If I don't add the fuel I can't start the engine. ..Right now I wake up and commit to one day of sobriety I remember why I need to quit I remember why I am staying sober I reach out for help when I need it and I support others on the same path. And I don't drink.
There is so much help out there for you :)
Remember that you are not the only one who is feeling this way. Many / most of us have things we regret. And particularly with ex-drunks who may have more things to regret it can be difficult managing thoughts and emotions...In my recovery much of the difficulty has been not avoiding alcohol or being tempted by it but instead attempting to navigate all the crazy thoughts in my head. ..The further you get away from the 'drunk you' the easier it will get. Yeah I've made a lot of stupid decisions in the past. My behavior took its toll on others. I'm not proud of "drunk me." ..My advice to you : don't avoid these thoughts of shame and guilt. Set some time aside in the early evening  maybe take a walk by yourself or sit and listen to some soothing music. But you have to confront yourself and spend twenty or thirty minutes exploring why you feel the way you do. Think about how others felt while you were a jerk. Yeah it hurts but it's going to hurt anyway - the last thing you want to do is ignore these negative emotions. ..Your mind will analyze your behavior. Your goal is to accept. If you should choose to you can always make amends with these people that you've hurt in the future. When you're ready to make a proper apology and when you're confident that you have changed. Remember apologizing means that you're not going to make the same mistake. My advice to you is don't apologize until you're comfortable with a sober lifestyle. ..If you want to talk feel free to PM me. Sometimes a stranger over an internet forum can be easier to talk to than a friend or family member
Im dealing with guilt and shame too. Right now im trying to silence them by looking at AAs recovery program and steps. ..I think the steps give me permission to not think about the totality of my fuckedupness right now because it is overwelming. Those 12 steps will cover those issues. So right now im trying to be patient. ..Glad you're here and sharing your experience. Hang in there buddy.
Oh this hits home so hard. I've been there trust me. In the beginning of sobriety it was all about distractions. I couldn't stand myself or the things I'd done. The guilt and shame I felt became physical feelings of nausea and stomach ache/anxiety. I didn't know where to even start with myself or how I could even begin to make up for all the bullshit I'd put people through...That's when I started to go to meetings and got myself a sponsor. I told her all of this and she guided me through the worst of it. I started working the steps and it really really helped. I felt like I was getting somewhere doing something constructive. So I really recommend you give it a shot...I've had relapses a lot of times too. That's when I didn't work the steps or work with myself. I just pretended everything was fine tried to sweep it all under a rug. I had to distract myself all the time to keep the guilt and shame away. And that ALWAYS ended badly. You can't run from these things forever...So my advice is: Have an open mind. Attend meetings. You WILL start feeling better however hopeless it feels right now. But you got to work with yourself small steps at a time. Good luck. :)
I know exactly were your coming from. 4 days sober and the guilt and depression is over whelming. this last relapse has bent especially bad. Just know that is a lot of what it takes to get sober. U have to face the fact that nothing well change unless you change it. I know it sounds chesse but it's what I've been telling myself the last 4 days. Good luck
Howya strawburry..Believe me when I tell you things will get worse if you do not have a go a quitting.  It is becoming a cycle.  Drink - fuck up - Guilt.  Guilt - Drink  - Fuck Up. Fuck Up -  Guilt - Drink. The further the spiral goes down the harder it is to get back out.  ..You know all this for me in the end I was so fucked from the battles that it became easier for me to quit.  I am glad I did and now it is time you do so as well.  I wish you well best of luck.   Use the tools that you have already gained. Your sober time is not wasted.  You can do this. .
Y'know I once had my health care professional yell at me "Just STOP!" - this was after I dried out for a few days. ..I often think that was some mighty fine advice that little *tidbit* there. 
