-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3echoa/friend_relapsed_again_what_do_i_say/

I am not an alcoholic but would love some opinions. ..Last year a friend of mine went from 10+ year functional alcoholic to nonfunctional (not going to work not taking care of himself defeated emotionally). He went to rehab AA relapsed a couple times but was doing really well for about 6 months. Yesterday I heard he stopped going to work again. I am supposed to see him this weekend and I am not sure how to react. His family pat him on the back and tell him it's no big deal because relapse is normal . Then they give him money and special attention and are extra nice to him which sounds like positive reinforcement to me. I know he is not in a good place right now and the last thing I want to do is make him feel worse but I don't think praising him is appropriate either...I of course will be empathetic but aside from that what is the best response? And are his parents hurting his recovery? 
----------immediate responses--------

What do you say to what? Treat him like a normal person. His drinking and disease are all on him. It doesn't matter what you say to him about that.
I quit for me and no one else. In my opinion there's very little friends &amp; family members can do. For instance my Dad is currently dying of alcoholism. We've both been stricken by the same problem and even though I know how he thinks / feels I STILL can't help him. The only thing I can do is me. I'd say work on you treat him as you normally would and weigh the impacts he is having on your own life. 
His parents are wrong relapse isn't "normal" in recovery it's the exact opposite of normal.  For someone who does not drink drinking is not normal.  It's true that many people relapse but relapses happen when those people are doing something *wrong.*  They key is to identify those things &amp; work through them to ensure they don't reoccur. But for that the addict needs to be willing...I'm not faulting his parents btw.  I'm sure they're doing the best they can.  Addiction is hard on the whole family.  ..Read over your post with a critical eye and look at all the times you convey an opinion or judgment.  Don't do that when talking to your friend.  If you say anything just let him know that you're there for him.  Don't talk about his actions talk about how his actions make you feel.  *When I hear that you're drinking it scares me because I love you and don't want to lose you.* It's much less blamey. ..There are resources for friends &amp; family in our FAQ.  Give em a read through.  
check out r/alanon 
A good friend of mine had a stroke which has left him mostly blind. The doctors said it was caused primarily from high blood pressure and weakened arteries from his alcoholism. He quit drinking for a while and was talking frequently to me about sobriety and staying sober.He was not at all interested in any councelling or support groups he had it in control he said. Would never drink or smoke again knew he was lucky to even have some of his vision and be able to walk and talk... Several months ago I stopped in and he was hammered as was his wife who had just finished treatment for breast cancer. They were both smoking as well. This breaks my heart to see but it ain't my fault or my problem. What I do is treat him like a friend but won't spend much time if he is drinking. He knows the door is open but now never mentions drinking and changes topics if I even go near it...The only lesson for you in this is that addiction is a bitch and you can't help anyone who won't help themselves.
An intervention.  He clearly doesn't want to quit but if you guys really care about him you should reach out to him.  Explain to him what his drinking is doing to you guys.
