-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ecxn1/105_days_what_ive_learned_since_april_9th/

On April 8th of this year I finished my last vodka and seltzer and went to bed with the notion that on the next day I'd be taking a break from the drinking to kick start a healthier diet into gear.  I didn't really have a plan in mind but I figured I'd give it a week or a month and then be back to my normal habits when I got tired of sobriety.  I didn't really consider myself an alcoholic but looking back I realize that normal drinkers don't buy themselves two handles of vodka every weekly grocery shopping trip plus maybe a fifth the night before if the supply didn't quite last long enough to wait for the grocery shop. ..So there I was on April 9th sober and only half committed when I found /r/stopdrinking.  I read pages and pages of posts especially the top posts where I found [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) by /u/strangesobriety and quite literally it change my life from the the very first line:..>An alcoholic is characterized by how they react to alcohol not by the type of bag around their bottles or their tendency to embark on movie-cliche-drunk behavior or the amount of cars they've wrecked or marriages they've ruined or jobs they've lost or nights spent in jail or on a park bench or amount they drink or the amount of time they've been drinking or anything else like that...See my problem was that I had my shit together.  Or rather I thought I had my shit together.  I have a good job nice home two cars a wonderful wife and kids. I've never had a DUI never been in jail never had my drinking been the cause of any personally catastrophic events.  Everything was good or so it seemed.  It was just an illusion of good.  In reality I was drinking myself to sleep every night I was shirking more and more of my responsibilities as a husband and father and I was coming in to work every. single. day. hung over as hell and not doing my job as well as I could...Over the course of the next couple days I read that post over and over again.  I came to realize that even though I hadn't wrecked my car *yet* or had my wife leave me *yet* or lost my job *yet* because of my drinking it was really only a matter of time before something like that happened.  If you look at the progression of my drinking from 10 years ago to this year and then extrapolate that out another 10 years it was going to get pretty ugly and there's really only one way to avoid it.  ..So just like that I decided I wanted to never drink again.  ..It's been an interesting ride so far.  Early on my biggest problem was the lack of sleep.  I countered that by not even trying to go to sleep until it was well after midnight.  I'd worry about waking up in the morning after only 4 hours of sleep but to my surprise I found that 4 hours of sober sleep beats 8 hours of passed out drunk sleep hands down.  After a couple weeks I learned how to fall asleep without the booze and it hasn't been a problem since...I was prepared for the temptations that would inevitably come such as after a hard day at work or after an argument with my wife.  But one that caught me off was a very strong temptation to drink after a really nice family outing to the zoo.  It was a perfectly relaxing day everyone was happy and when we got home I walked in the door and *wham* it hit me like a ton of bricks.  Instead of drinking I made myself a nice tall seltzer and fresh squeezed fruit juice and persevered but it was an eye opening moment for me.  ..Another eye opener was after about a month when a coworker gave me a ride home from work one day.  We arrived at my place and were unloading my stuff from his trunk when he says "Oh here try this." and puts a small colorful box in my hand.  I took it without thinking but soon recognized it was a flask.  He had some special whiskey in it or whatever.  I don't remember exactly what he said it was because all I could think of was giving it back getting inside before I decided to drink it.  I didn't drink it but I had that flask of whiskey in my hand and stared at it for a good 3 seconds before I decided not to.  This event made me realize that even when I am feeling strong and comfortable in my sobriety something will come out of the blue and force me to respond to it.  Not long after this I saw /u/offtherocks post about [not making decisions](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/381vwp/on_the_importance_of_not_making_decisions/). The flask event and the post made me realize that I can't make a plan for each and every temptation I might run into --because that's impossible-- Rather I need a single plan of action that maintains my sobriety in the face of all events.  There will always be something unexpected that pops up and my course of action when they do pop up should be predetermined.    .It doesn't exactly change how I would have responded to the flask event but I'm definitely more prepared for future unexpected temptation events.  ..I've been exercising like a maniac to occuppy the sudden surplus of sober time I have have (shout out to /r/SDrunners!) It's amazing how many hours in the day there are when you aren't drinking.  .In the past 105 days I've had my first sober business trip and my first sober family vacation.  Both were vastly better sober that they would have been had I been drinking.  ..At day 100 I was considering making a post to acknowledge the day for myself. I decided not to but then last night I had a dream where I got drunk.  It was my first drinking dream since I quit and it seemed very real complete with a hangover and a post to SD requesting a badge reset and it was quite disturbing.  I decided that it was my subconscious telling me to get on SD and share my experience.  So here it is.  Thanks SD you guys are wonderful.   
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this and congratulations! This is very inspiring!
Yay You! Your story sounds similar to mine.  No catastrophe but lots of yets out there that I am truly eligible for if I ever pick up a drink again. So I am sticking with what I know works for me don't take a drink and I won't get drunk. Who will join me just for today?
Great post! Thanks for sharing...It's pretty crazy how that realization hits each and every one of us (hopefully) in a variety of ways and circumstances...Congrats on 105 days!
Great post. Thanks for your story!
Just remember the landmark posts aren't just for you they are for us too! :) Believe it or not I never extrapolated what the next 10 years of my drinking career might look like until you made the suggestion just now... and it wasn't pretty. ..Glad to hear that everything is working out for you and you are embracing the process!
Just popping in as a fellow 105er to say (1) I've bookmarked your post and appreciate it and (2) April 9th was a helluva day!!
Great post /u/Proton_Driver -- posts like this can change other lives too.  
Great post!
&gt;  I came to realize that even though I hadn't wrecked my car yet or had my wife leave me yet or lost my job yet because of my drinking it was really only a matter of time before something like that happened. If you look at the progression of my drinking from 10 years ago to this year and then extrapolate that out another 10 years it was going to get pretty ugly and there's really only one way to avoid it...I too dodged a bullet. Things weren't falling apart but it wouldn't have taken much to push them over the cliff.
Thanks so much for sharing. It really helps to hear that others decided to quit even without catastrophic events being the trigger. This was a really inspiring read and I hope you keep on posting! 
I'm 17 days behind you and can relate to all of it. Thanks for posting and adding that bit from strangesobriety. Although I did get a DUI I also thought I had the rest of my shit together. Successful wife 3 kids etc. I thought I had it all under control but I was delusional.  I was getting by half assing life.. I feel like a superhuman without alcohol now.  Life is beautiful and I hope to never go to the dark side ever again.
Thanks for a very positive read and it would be interesting to hear if you had any feedback from your wife...I also had a dream about drinking last night. The feeling of sadness in my dream was overwhelming. Will not drink today.
Thank you for sharing your story. It helps me to hear it. :)
Damn your story is eerily similar to mine.  I would add that I still have some people close to me who for whatever reason do not accept that I am an alcoholic.  I know there heart is in the right place and I have not taken them to task on the subject but I do wish they understood that their point of view doesn't help (it feeds the devil on my shoulder who has tripped me up so many times before).&amp;nbsp;..Stay vigilant and thanks for the excellent post! 
Wow that's awesome it's weird saying it to someone I don't know but I'm proud of you.  It gives me all that much hope for myself.
