-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3en91p/9_months_seemed_impossible/

This past Thursday I went to my home group and picked up a nine month chip...When I was coming up on 6 months I really truly didn't think I would make it - I had tried and tried to get an honest 90 days before and I couldn't - after first admitting I was an alcoholic and going to my first AA meeting I spent almost 2 years in a constant cycle of short sobriety followed by relapse. It seemed inevitable that I would somehow manage to fuck it up before getting to that 6 month mark that was so important in my mind...Coming up on 9 months brought the same "I am going to fuck this up" fear. Well I didn't and the wife is apparently already plotting what kind of cake she is going to put together for 1 year. Doesn't seem real to me. ..Things are slowly getting better. I'm starting to dig myself out of the financial pit I'd dug for myself. My relationship with my wife is improving. I've started on the steps and am making progress. I've restarted taking some medication and am seeing a psychiatrist and a therapist for my psychotic depression. I have a job and money for food and a car that runs that I am not hiding from the bank...There have been rough patches. My wife was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. My dog got sick. Our car broke down. We had times where we were not even hundredaires and payday was a week away and we needed to go to the ER and we didn't know how we'd be able to pay for it. Fortunately for me other people both on this sub and in AA have beaten the beginnings of some coping tools into me and have given me support when I'm struggling...I've had a few instances where I fell out of my routine stopped going to AA or the gym or taking my meds or calling my sponsor but I've gone out enough times to know where that leads me. I'm just coming off a two week of no meetings so I made a point of going to one every day last week...I see a lot of relapse posts here. I guess I'm hoping that this gets seen by somebody who is struggling to make it past a month or two like I was for so damned long...Thanks r/stopdrinking your support here and on IRC has really helped me out a lot.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! So proud of you! :) 9 months is an amazing accomplishment.
Congrats on nine months!  I know I couldn't fathom getting 12 days in the beginning let alone 12 months.  .Awesome job even through life's struggles. 
Congratu freaking lations. For being strong thru dark times and not giving up.
Congratulations on 9 months! This is so amazing!..This really resonates regarding the stop/start cycle of sobriety and relapse that feeling of  . &gt;"I am going to fuck this up" ..rings so true with me. I'm in hyper-vigilance mode at the moment...You've proved that it is indeed possible thank you for sharing it gives me hope for the future :)
Congrats dry_cycle!..I know what you mean. I too kept waiting for the other shoe to drop for the first several months. Just waiting for some big thing to send me over the edge back to drinking. Then around day 270 something flipped. I shared about it in a meeting and a friend told me he had the same experience. Maybe it's realizing you're less than 100 days from a year of sobriety maybe just getting used to it. I dunno...But it sounds like you've hit that point where sobriety is your new normal and that's fantastic. We always need to remain vigilant of course but it's not impossible - we just do what it takes each day. Keep up the great work!
Thanks mate I needed this today. I've been getting the old 'this is the point you normally fuck things up' feelings these past few days but have same as you used the tools I've been gifted. You're doing great good to read your thoughts.
Woop woop! Hooray!
Wow congratulations! Hearing about you staying strong despite some tough life situations gives me hope. Thank you. There is never a reason good enough to drink.
&gt;I've had a few instances where I fell out of my routine..I'm valuing having a basic routine a balance of things that are necessary ingredients in my life...Congrats on 9 months such an inspiring read thank you!
Thanks for posting. Helps a fella like me out. I always get to around the 1 month mark and say fuck it. Not this time. I'm in it to win it. Congrats on making it to 9 months.
Congrats 9-month buddy! Keep it up!
Congratulations!
Thank you for sharing this and congrats on your 9 months! 
