-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3es1w9/time_to_recognize_my_current_need_for_extra/

Things were going so well! I made it through a business trip without drinking - a business trip that I had to arrange and plan myself. It went off without a hitch and my bosses were very happy. I just moved into a new apartment that I like a lot I really enjoy my job I have the privilege of living in a city that I love so what could go wrong?...The person I've been seeing for almost a year broke up with me in a text message and then went radio silent. We've talked every day and gone on trips together and I've shared so much with him. For the first time in a long time I started to think about how I could drown my feelings numb the deep pain inside my heart. It's hard to be honest about that. ...That isn't what I want so I'm reaching out here. I need tips for pulling myself out of this pity party. It scares me to think about backsliding to where I was when I started my SD journey. I don't want to relapse and I haven't but I feel my resolve wavering. Broken heartedness as well as feeling abandoned are two of my biggest triggers. I truly love the person I've been able to become without alcohol and I do not want to be the constantly sad constantly sick party girl anymore. ...I also feel embarrassed for getting dumped in a text. I think I even feel some shame over it. Reading the relapse stories here has helped me as well as thinking about how impossible it felt to quit the first time. ...Thank you for reading if you made it this far. I'm not even sure what I'm asking for other than a little solidarity. Maybe sober breakup tips. I made it through my mothers death sober I've been through other breakups sober. I've done a lot of things I am really proud of in the past year and 11 months and I don't like how weak I feel right now. I have to get through work (a lot of work) this week preferably without crying. I'm struggling to find a balance between "allowing myself to feel my feelings" and crying all day long. I am better than this and I'd like to be acting like it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey!.OK breakups suck especially via text message.  Just a fact of life.  But re-read your first paragraph.  Sit down and make a gratitude list. Realize that this ass hat that broke up with you via text must not be the person you thought he was...You situation right now actually shows that you are growing and progressing in your sobriety.  This is life stuff.  Yup real life doesn't follow the plan we set out for it.  ..I went through several bad breakups in sobriety (a couple were multi-year relationships) and what I did was get to a ton of meetings keep busy focus on the awesome things that are in my life and try not to focus on the negative.  My sponsor and friends helped me with that calling my shit when I got on the pity pot...My disease would take any excuse in my life to make me feel bad about myself and to grow resentments.  The only way that it wins is if I invest my precious time and energy into it...Look at yourself.  You are a successful happy person that lives in a great city and just got back from a trip where you achieved all your goals.  There is a ton to be grateful for if you choose...
&gt;I truly love the person I've been able to become without alcohol..What would you do for someone you truly love in this situation? Personally I would spend time with them. I would find ways to take their mind off of the "other stuff". Connect with friends and family etc. The work needs to be done but you should consider taking some time for yourself. I had a real tough time when I was sober in my 20s and was cheated on... I cried a lot and eventually relapsed. When I should have been "healthy" with my actions I went "out" and had "fun" instead of taking the time to take care of myself. You're lucky to see what is impacting your thoughts. Take care out there.
Sorry you're feeling the way you are but I believe it's normal because the end of a relationship is never easy.  ..We are here for you so you're not alone.
&gt;I'm struggling to find a balance between "allowing myself to feel my feelings" and crying all day long. I am better than this and I'd like to be acting like it...Hey! You don't need to judge yourself for how you express you feelings. Your feelings are your feelings. Breakups are hard. Being broken up with via text really sucks. I would cry. I would feel abandoned. I would be hesitant to tell people. I think you showed a lot of courage in posting this at nearly two years sober and being *honest and brave* about the truth in your life and the truth in your feelings...I think you are *already* 'better than this.' Seek the help and support you know you need to stay sober and don't be ashamed to be honest. I have found that being honest is the greatest new asset I gained in sobriety. It truly connects me to others and allows me to heal and grow. Sunshine in the form of brutal honesty... these are the things that always carry me forward in recovery...Much love and take care.
I am so sorry that happened to you. I haven't experienced a break-up in recovery but what helps me through dark days is 1. Being kind to myself. Treating myself like I have a cold or something and taking care of me... And 2. Reaching out to people that care about me. Asking for help. Letting other people take care of me...This post is an example of #2 so great job. I would give you a hug if I could but alas I am only text on a computer screen. So here's an internet hug: *hug*
I got through my divorce with a lotta help from my friends in AA...Alone in shitty apartment I went to a meeting out for coffee afterwards whatever it took...I learned a lot including not chasing emotionally un-available people...Good luck.  Stay in touch.
Ugh. Girl. I'm with you. Break ups hurt so much and when you're going through it it's like you feel like such a cliche and such real intense pain at the same time...This is just gonna hurt for a while. It's so shitty but it's really the best advice I've gotten about heartbreak. My last big break up I just kept getting so *angry* at myself for *still* feeling so so hurt and angry and just *not over it* for as long as I did (which in retrospect was a totally normal period but at the time I felt so stuck)...This is one of those things where it can be helpful to try to see your life the way outsiders do. That this is just a hard part that you're going through and you WILL feel better and you WILL get over this guy (even though I'm sure that seems impossible for you to really believe right now)...For lack of a better phrase it's "just" a break up; don't lose your sobriety over it. You probably HAD this great relationship BECAUSE of your sobriety and you'll get through this really rough patch and then find a new relationship sober too.
