-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3euwsa/this_morning_i_wrote_this_to_delete_but_maybe/

This should be a post about how I woke up on my 4th day sober for the first time in months almost years...   .But it's not. I was bored lonely worried about finances and doubting my place in the world. So I drank.   .   .I'm in a foreign country a long long way from home- both physically and culturally and while I came here to [as clich  as it is] find myself all I've found is I'm a miserable lonely bastard who can't seem to make lasting friends- struggling with anything more than a "I've met you once or twice and we got drunk and it was fun"  kind of relationship.  .Maybe it's just a fear or lack of understanding about small talk or maybe I have difficulty showing how much I do actually care about people.  . Or maybe it's that I don't and all I care about is their opinion of me my desperation to make friends but my basic lack of ability to follow up.  .   .I don't know I often wonder if I'm an asshole but people who do get close to me realise I'm not- they tell me I come across as one though. Or maybe it's just because I come across as a loose cannon a drunk with a huge lack of control.  .   .So there I was last night and I decided to walk to the shops of this small town and see who I could see. You know bump into people be invited to a friend's house... But no. Apart from the local drunks hanging out on the corner nobody wanted more than a ten second chat- which I initiated. I wasn't even drunk yet.  .Despite how much I care for people and try make the world a better place I can't seem to get that across. Despite all my active listening and other such attempts people just don't seem to want to hang out. I don't know how to break through the acquaintance/person I've just met and into the friend zone...  I get laid as much as anyone but I feel like I have no friends- and I think that is the main reason I drink.   .   .There was a TED talk recently and a article and a book going around called "Everything you know about addiction is wrong". I believe the book is called something like "Chasing the scream: the first and last shots of the war on drugs"... And it resonated deeply. My incumbent loneliness seems to have always been the main reason I drink. But I must say it's also the main result of my drinking. I don't remember names or facts about people. If I'm not drunk I'm hungover and antisocial. If I'm drunk I don't remember names and facts about people. I also repeat myself (see what I did there?) and be embarrassing...   .   .Perhaps coming to a foreign country to sort my shit out was a bad idea... And I now feel obliged to leave this town because everyone knows me as a drunk.  I have free accommodation yet I still spend double the average backpackers budget per day. I wonder what on?  .   .That said I still have hope and this forum is part of that reason.  .   .There is no reason to this post or rather I'm too fucked in the head to summarise. There's a half bottle of mescal a machete and a spare packet of cigarettes sitting there with three containers of tramadol (synthetic opiate that's legal over the counter in this country: ie enough to kill me)... But I never have the balls to kill myself because I know I haven't lived up to my potential yet and I feel like I'm destined for great things... Also deep inside I doubt too many people would grieve more than a week or two. I deserve better than that. We all do.  .   .Addictions main cure I believe is friendship love and a sense of purpose and place in the world. Unfortunately I've been looking for that for years unsuccessfully...   .Maybe I'll just get drunk again tonight and go try sleep with girls I neither deserve nor respect. At least then I'll be happy for  few hours..
----------immediate responses--------

I became a much better friend after I got sober. 
I may not know you personally but I've been in that place in my head before and it's never ever as bad as it seems. ..Typing out your comment and spilling your guts is harder than not even acknowledging it. I have a lot of respect and admiration for the courage I see in people after they relapse or go back out...I appreciate your post and I hope you're doing okay or at least feel some sense of relief after posting that. You have my support and I assure you that myself people here and many others in your life care about you and your well being.
Hope without any action is just a daydream. Fun to indulge in but ultimately useless...Do you even want to quit drinking?..What is your plan to stop drinking and beat this addiction? (No: friendship love and sense of purpose does not constitute a plan)...You comment below you've quit a million times relapsed a million times...what do you think? Maybe time to change the playbook up a bit?
[deleted]
