-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ewcn3/feeling_the_spaces_in_between_what_are_they_and/

As you can see by my badge I've only been sober this time for a little over a week but I have instantly noticed some intriguing things. ..Even when I'm not actively drinking when my lifestyle includes alcohol everything seems blurred. Since I've quit again this time huge spaces in my life have opened emotionally intellectually physically socially the list goes on. Here's some things I've noticed...Emotionally: I have started to notice my feelings more clearly good and bad. I'm experiencing vivid memories I'm missing people who I blocked out through drinking and I'm having fleeting but powerful emotions. There's a space now where these feelings can come to arrive and I'm mindful of them. This is pretty scary and I can sense a lot of difficult emotions coming up but at least I know they will pass and I'm giving myself space to feel them. I'm more connected to my authentic sense of self. ..Time: Obviously drinking takes up time in the physical sense but also time in the mind. I now feel like I have more  time to plan do and think about things. I'm more productive because there is more space and yes more TIME...Socially: There's a space within my interactions like a new dimension has been added an awareness I guess. My triggering Saturday night when I went to a birthday at a bar was enlightening because I had great conversations. This was partly because I had to but also because without alcohol as a focus I had space to really connect. I also had space to contemplate when enough was enough so I bailed when I started to feel anxious. Realising how I was sober with a big group was a really good experience...I'm starting to feel like this is a very good decision I have made. My life already feels better. I was struggling with the whole "Oh but I'm not that bad" but I don't care how bad I was or am with alcohol as someone said to me on here you only have to want to stop drinking and I do. I'm curious about all these spaces opening up for me and how they will allow me to grow.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and congratulations on 9 days. I really like your description of 'space' here. This meshes very closely with my experience in a way that I hadn't been able to describe before. ..For a while now I'd described my life before quitting as "small." I think that's a similar experience to the openness that you're now seeing in yourself. I think there's another dimension that you'll start to note or perhaps already have and that's in the way way that one responds to situations. In my confined state reactions were always very quick and they had a force to them that either matched or exceeded the force of the original incoming action. Giving myself space meant that not only did I have more time to respond but I also had a space in which to weigh options. What's more I had a lot of room to maneuver around possibly not taking a shot or having enough of a container for my emotions that things weren't banging into me with such force. There was an overall relaxation in my attitudes and in the force with which I grasped those things which I attributed to myself...Today I compare the openness to a loosening of the illusion of control and to an increasingly porous ego structure. There's a permeability to myself that I haven't had in the past that allows good things in and bad things out much less like the stagnant pool I had been when I was all walled up. Thanks for posting this. As you can tell I'm sort of enamored with the metaphor.
This is great insight. And it's real you're onto something it's not your imagination. It was so humbling for me to realize how much *differently* I thought once I quit. When I was drinking I thought I was doing just fine just a little rough around the edges but mostly fine... well as you're noticing with this post that's fake. Cherishing this new quality of life is one of the most important tools for me in remaining abstinent. Congrats on the discovery. :)
I think a lot of what you characterize as "spaces in between" are sadly felt as boredom by too many newcomers.  Hang on to this early insight/epiphany...Which reminds me of the joke:  I just realized I never had an epiphany.
Wow I love your post. So often I find it difficult to put my feelings to words. What you just wrote is how I felt in the beginning and how I still feel today. Thank you and congrats on your 9 days :)
Your post really resonated with me... and congrats on where you are with things. I totally understand what you mean by that space. I'm about a week ahead of you and I am still totally noticing it. Some parts of it fell very uncomfortable. Who am I? What do I do with this time and feeling? Is resentment or anger going to pop up? All part of the process I guess!
[deleted]
Nine days here too. Thanks for your words. I see what you're saying through all of it but for me the money shot is at the end:..&gt; I don't care how bad I was or am with alcohol as someone said to me on here you only have to want to stop drinking and I do. ..I've been consuming at a "reasonable" and "normal" rate for the last few years but still I saw my personality really change under the effect of alcohol and lately not at all for the better. I don't know whether I'm an alcoholic but I like myself better this past week or so and I'm sleeping better without alcohol in my system in spite of some pretty big stressors in my life at the moment. 
Yes!  I notice every day how I am lighter and more spacious in my overall sense of self my emotions and my physical body.  My translation has been going from "heavy" to "light" but I think we're experiencing something similar.  Great insight and keep it up!
MONEY! I went shopping for decorations for my house this week. I never could have done that before because all my money was metered out to allow for booze.
Reminds me of one of my favorite quotes.. .."Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom." --Viktor E. Frankl..I have also noticed that space I am glad you posted your thoughts very enlightening and well stated..On a side note .. Daily meditation has allowed that space in my mind to grow as well (along with the whole not constantly poisoning it with alcohol thing -- haha!).
I love this post. Whenever I'm feeling "off" or less stable in my sobriety I've allowed this spaciousness to be filled in with unworthy fodder. Mindlessness overeating dwelling on the past needless worrying anxiety obsessing about the future. Keeping spaciousness requires significant conscious effort some days but it is of utmost importance to my state of inner peace.
