-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3f26rg/on_my_real_name_now/

This is XxThrowAway1971xX by the way.....I just wanted to come back on my REAL name...my REAL account to say that I should reset my badge but I am not ready to do that right now. I HAVE cut down on my drinking a bit (as in one or two 750 ml bottles of wine a day instead of what I HAD been drinking) but I am not ready to stop. I am being absolutely honest. I can't stop. I don't want to. ..My 5 year old son's condition continues to be a problem (he has kidney disease that just won't go away) and we are putting him on strong medicine as soon as his ear infection goes away. It is stressful and several medicines every day...I struggle with the "A" word though I know labels aren't really important in the long run. I can't admit it fully though deep down I think there IS a problem...I can't control my drinking and I drink even when it makes me feel so ill that I almost can't bear to swallow it at all. I think THAT is a problem...The funny part is that if you look at me you would see a normal mother of  5 children...doing normal mother things...not passed out or anything like that. I am functioning just fine somehow...I am sorry for the rant and I am not looking for harsh words...I am not ready to stop. That one night at the restaurant was not my rock bottom as I had thought. I can't stop and I don't want to yet...Sorry if this isn't in the spirit of this forum but I just wanted y'all to know that I AM alive and doing OK. The kids will be back in school soon and I am stressing about paying for all the uniforms and stuff. Normal stressors. ..Thanks for reading. ..I won't be around much. Sorry. :( ..Regards.Laura G....
----------immediate responses--------

Your honesty is important too. It's good to know yourself and your limitations and fear and it's a sign of accountability and respecting the accountability you have that you wrote this. Don't let having reached that step be your absolver though. Come around for support in stopping drinking as much as you were at least. and congrats on cutting down.
On the bright side honesty is a step in the right direction. ..I don't believe getting sober is like flipping a light switch. It took me three attempts to get "here"...I used to have another username also. This time I'm owning my sobriety. This is for me and I'm slapping my name right on it. ..Keep getting back up &amp; dusting yourself off something will eventually click or you can grow old &amp; drunk. This is your decision...
Good for you!  Some of us find that there's a real freedom in this sort of transparency.  
i had been drinking on a near daily basis for the last 13 years and my last drink was saturday night the 25th. my liver is at the coffee shop taking a break having a cigarette as i type this wearing his polka dot outfit. i made many attempts to quit and sometimes would go 2 days without wine but would eventually find myself at the bottom of the second bottle feeling warm and cozy at home. it wasn't until last saturday that i realized i was ready to stop. i had drank 3 bottles of gnarly head old vine zinfandel and had a mild buzz. i felt next to nothing actually. usually 3 bottles and some weed would put me in a crossfaded blackout (hence the username) but for some reason i felt nothing. that's when i knew i was ready it was time to move on. if you don't feel you're ready to quit nobody's going to blame you. hell i don't even know how long my sobriety will last. but when you do decide to quit this awesome subreddit support community will be there for you just as it has been for myself. much respect for being a mother of 5! i myself am a single dad raising my kid alone so i know the toll of being a parent (but not a parent of 5!)  .    if you ever need someone to talk to exchange messages from time to time i'll be here along with the rest of this amazing community. 
Sorry to hear about the stress.  As I've taken a (very briefly) sober look at my life I've realized that my drinking had been sort of a defensive position.  I've got a bunch of stressful situations so I'm going to drink to cope with it.  But when I'm keeping myself placated with drink I'm not dealing with the situations.  If I stop settling or coping maybe I can actually start dealing with them even if they seem hopeless.  I don't know what that magic spark is that finally makes a person have the strength to put the bottle down; I've certainly wanted to and not done it or known I should and not done it. Either way good luck to you!
&gt;The funny part is that if you look at me you would see a normal mother of 5 children...doing normal mother things...not passed out or anything like that. I am functioning just fine somehow...I just want to say that as "the recovering Mom addict" and the "child of an alcoholic" that your kids notice and know.  I'm sorry to burst your bubble but they know that you drink and "Billy's Mom" doesn't.  ..Usually because Billy's Mom can do the after school run when the alcoholic Mom can't Billy's Mom doesn't forget the Tooth Fairy Billy's Mom is helping him with his homework making sure he has all the supplies Billy's Mom has birthday parities for him and doesn't get drunk Billy's Mom isn't annoyed at kids who ask her for things rides and play dates.........I love that your honest here - which is why I thought I should be honest too.
I don't understand.  Your "REAL" account is an hour old.  What makes it your "real" account?
In behavior change theory that first stage is called precontemplation. That's where we don't want to change despite mounting evidence of harm. It also includes denial of harm. In my experience my kids absolutely were affected by my drinking even if only because of my flat affect emotional deadness and the fact that I was frequently unavailable to engage or do useful things for the family in the evenings because I was drinking. ..Contemplation stage is thinking about it. Starting to put the pieces together. It represents some progress from precontemplation. Sounds like that's where you may be heading--you're here you're talking about the problem yet minimizing it... it's all progress. This is a great place to get feedback on honest discussion. ..If you're in that contemplation stage--what would help? Reading a book (see the sidebar links and FAQ resources here)? Talking to (and listening to) an SO about how alcohol might affect daily life? How can you engage with this question? It's not going to go away at least it didn't for me. ..Glad you posted keep talking.
I got sober when my oldest was four. He is a fine young man now who is leaving for college in 3 weeks:(  Occasionally though I can still see some of the emotional scars from the chaos of those early years. Whenever I see a picture of him as a baby or toddler I still get a little sad and think 'I wish I had gotten sober back then.' During those years I was advancing steadily in my career and no one had any idea I had a drinking problem. But I say it all the time; being a functional alcoholic is a miserable purgatory I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.
I count myself blessed that I stopped drinking early in my children's lives.  I would give anything to have been sober throughout...I had several (many) of the "that one night" experiences.  This place is full of platitudes I know but the one that sticks with me is that you find your bottom when you decide to stop digging.  I could have easily gotten away with my final act and continued on my drinking path but I was done.  Fatigued.  Ready...I will only say this and you may not hear it from many but you do you...I would give a great deal to have my time back with my kids my wife during those early parts.  I am different now.  Available.  Nicer.  Tolerant.  ..My wife cringed recently at a party we had for my daughter at the house.  It was horrible truly.  Just a nightmare.  Screaming crazy loud stressful awful.  She totally expected me to sorta lose my mind but I didn't...and she was shocked.  I just smiled kept it inside and soldiered on.  We didn't talk about it until much later and she asked how I could keep it together and I had a tough time answering...I think it was because I could keep it together.  Short fuse is longer as I am not feeling like I am chewing glass from my hangover maybe.  I don't know...it's like I want to immerse myself in the craziness and try to appreciate it even when it really just sucks...Good luck.
