-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3f5n04/because_of_my_momwarning_wall_of_text/

Day 6 ya'll! I don't know if I will ever stop thinking about drinking as it has plagued my thoughts 80% of the last 6 days but no matter what I know I will not succumb! As I am new to this sub I don't know if this is inappropriate or what have you but I use a letter I had to write to my mom when she was in treatment in January as motivation to keep on keepin' on. I thought if it helps me maybe it would help others. Especially those with kids and maybe don't realize how the disease affects them. So here it is: ..My mom has the biggest heart and would go to the ends of the world for her family or friends. She can light up a room with her infectious smile and boisterous laugh or she can suck the beauty out of that very room. You see my mother is an alcoholic who has struggled with the disease for over 40 years.  So far in my life of 27 years I have seen her at her best and worst. Unfortunately it is getting harder for me to remember what she is like at her best because it has been so long. (I know my mom will dispute that saying she has had many years in my adult life being sober but that simply is not true). One thing I really hope for my mom is that she starts being honest first with herself and then with her family. So much of her disease has been wrapped around being dishonest thinking she is fooling everyone into believing she is sober. I truly think it is time for her to live a life of truth and imagine how much stress could disappear if you aren't always trying to play catch up in a web of lies. She only lied about things involving her drug and alcohol use but I am sure eventually that takes a gigantic toll on ones psyche. She has allowed addiction to control her life. My first recollection of my mother's drinking was sometime during middle school. This was the first time during my life that she went away for treatment. I remember the months before her departure she would sleep most of the day and my dad told me she was sick and I needed to leave her alone. At the time I couldn't even begin to understand the disease and what was going on with my mom. Hell I hardly understand it now. The difference in me from then and now is not just one of age but also one of growth wisdom understanding and maturity. Before this current rehab stint my mom spiraled downward very quickly but not out of nowhere. Months before this I had seen signs of her relapsing but ignored them because it seemed normal to me. You know where your mom uses lies and you just learn this is your life. I don't even have to be with my mom to smell it on her breath or see it in her eyes to know she is using. Just by talking to her I can tell in her voice in the way that it is impossible to have a two way conversation. It is as if she is there only physically but mentally she is somewhere far away different atmosphere far. This last relapse was exceptionally hard on me. You see I lost my aunt my mom's sister this year to a drug overdose. I was practicing the  tough love  approach after many failed attempts at getting through to her. My aunt passed away with the world against her and it breaks my heart to see my mom following the same path. My aunt had no family of her own but she had her parents siblings nieces and nephews and most of them were also following the same approach as I with the  tough love . So this is why I need so desperately for this past relapse to be her absolute last. I want my mom to be healthy and get the most out of the rest of her life because she still has so many good years left and the alternative to her choosing life scares the complete shit out of me. My mom will tell you she is nothing like her sister yet anyone who knew them both would say the opposite. I think my mom is so hell-bent on not being compared to her sister because she does not want to accept the fact she is sick. Yes they both had different life experiences and used different drugs to get high but they were both plagued by the same disease. I brought up my aunt because she is no longer here to fight for her life but my mom is. .Before coming to Betty Ford for the first time I saw my mom at her absolute worst the way I had only heard about in stories from my older siblings who had different memories of my mom's alcoholism. There were multiple occasions in the week before she went to California where she would beg me to get her a bottle of vodka. She would say  Just a little bottle for one last hurrah . I knew by her begging her own children to help her get a fix that things were getting bad. When I refused she turned into someone I did not recognize as she would get angry and just plain evil. It was so incredibly soul crushing not to know the woman standing before me yelling at me for not contributing to her disease the disease that was tearing our family apart. Seeing my mom sprawled out on her bed sobbing unable to talk from the 14 ounces of vodka she secretly drank in twenty minutes was heart breaking and embarrassing. Over the next four hours she peed herself fell five times and finally when she could talk kept apologizing. It was obvious my mom was suffering because nobody would really want to live a life where they are constantly hurting those around them.  I understand that my mom was not consciously trying to hurt my family or me but that does not mean it wasn't killing me. I kept thinking to myself and even saying to her  Why can't you choose life over the drugs or alcohol?  and to  let go and let god . Sometimes she would act as if she was hearing me and other times it was like talking to a wall. I knew she just needed time to get sober before she could actually hear what I was saying so I hope this letter helps her understand a little better the way her disease has affected my life. One thing which has been particularly hard for me through the years is seeing my dad's pain watching tears fill his eyes in desperation is beyond heart wrenching. My parents have been married for 32 years and I cannot think of too many people who would put up with either of their shit for as long as they have. (Yes mom I know dad has faults too). My parents exemplify the meaning of love and I supremely hope my mom wants to stay healthy for herself her family and my dad. I have chills thinking about a world where my parents are not together yet I know what the alternative is if my mom cannot stay clean. I know much of what I have said does not reflect how I personally have been affected but from my mom I have learned to do what she does best; care for others before myself. Now it is her turn to care for herself before others with the unyielding support of her friends and family who want nothing more to see her strive in a pure and sober life journey. I am hopeful my mom will return to us as the strong woman I know has been hiding behind the mask of the disease because I need her in my life. I need the mom who can admit defeat and learn from mistakes of the past instead of continuing to allow the disease to win. My mom has so much to live for so I believe it is about time for her to start living. Time to start having experiences and making memories from her choosing life over the disease. I believe in my mom and I know she can do this. .I love you mom and hope you can finally let go and let god...TL;DR: Letter to my mom while she was in treatment && her struggle with alcoholism finally helped me realize I too am an alcoholic..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this and a very moving piece. It is near impossible to remember how my dad was before he got sober 30 years ago. Sometime I forget to be grateful he did.
Congrats on your 6 days!  So sorry for you and your mom and I hope you both wind up in a great place down the road.  Sharing your story is helpful motivation to me as a dad to very young kids.  Even if it wasn't perhaps to the extreme of your mom the idea that in discussing me with someone years from now alcohol would be an inevitable part of the conversation is something I'm not going to let happen.
Congrats on your 6 days...For us (my family) alcoholism is a Family Affair. .My Dad has 35+ years sober. .I have 20 years sober...I pray daily for my son to also seek a path of serenity.    .Maybe - just maybe- someday I will see him here posting he has 6 days sober.     ..
That is an absolutely beautiful letter. The part about your dad choked me up. Something abut crying dads just cuts right through me. Very well written and so relatable for many of us here. Congrats on 6 days!!!..If you don't mind me asking how is she doing now? ..As far as being inappropriate this is FAR from it! And the constant thinking about alcohol will definitely go away but probably not completely for some time. I still think about it especially when I see others drinking. You do sorta have to learn not to dwell on these thoughts. When you catch the urge or feel yourself starting to fantasize about how nice a couple drinks would be just remind yourself of what brought you to sobriety. Remember that you quit for a reason and you don't want to throw it away. You CAN reprogram your thoughts with practice. Keep on keepin on :)
Thanks for this. I consider this a wake up call for mom's out there when the disease lies to them and tells them they can hide it from their children. Something I needed to hear and I'm guessing I'm not the only one. Very nice &amp; great post. 
