-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3f6hw7/its_really_weird_being_on_the_other_side_of_this/

To keep it short and simple and to the point my brother is drinking again.  He's been at this since he was 17 and he is 31 now.  He's been to rehab 5 times maybe more and has been both active and very inactive in AA and other recovery programs.  He has strung together stints of sobriety up to 2+ years for the past 14 years.  He's changed his locations he has changed jobs he has changed friends he has changed various other aspects of his life.  And he still goes out lately every year pretty much on the nose.  ..His relapses are very sad.  he locks himself up in his room or place of residence and has vodka and takeout delivered or he takes cabs.  Once he took a cab in his underwear and then came home and pissed everywhere.  My mom has found him walking around her house naked and talking to himself and others no one can see.  There's a lot more than alcohol abuse suspected; he's gay had a really rough go of it in high school because he was outed by "friends" and has never really dealt with that pain.  Everyone close to him including past therapists and doctors suspect underlying untreated mental illness.  It's not an excuse I am making but I think it plays into the difficulties he has staying sober...My parents are enablers.  My sister is...I don't know what to call her but she's not doing herself or her own sweet little family any favors by being involved in this.  She has a little boy who needs her and a husband who has had it with my side of the family.  ..I live far away and I have since this all started back when he was in high school.  It is so very strange now to be on the side of the fence where the grass really is greener.  I LOVE sobriety.  I love it here.  I love love LOVE talking with you all daily doing the quotes and making and resetting badges.  i even love banning douchebags who make this place unsafe for all of you trying to get better.  I love therapy I love recovery meetings.  I love the self-work that has been integral in my recovery these past almost 11 months.  ..I hate seeing someone struggle someone I love so much and someone who has seen the benefits of not using and being honest.  It's sad.  It's scary.  It's something I have absolutely zero control over and that I have to accept.  ..I'm not asking advice or what to do - I know there are other subs and meetings more suited for that.  But I do just want to say to all of you - hang on to the sobriety you have.  Get through today.  Get through today so tomorrow is a little easier.  If you're on a pink cloud right now ride the ever loving FUCK out of it so the next time you're feeling blue you've got some good memories.  Just hang in there and when you think you can't anymore hang in a little more.  Reach out.  Let someone know you're in pain.  you never know where a kind hand and heart may pull you up from the bottom you're in at that moment...You guys are awesome.  I'm so glad you're all part of my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post KJ...It's not so noticeable now that SD is larger but early on it was evident that the LGBT crowd was over-represented here. I think addiction hits that community particularly hard probably due to childhood/societal hardships and the limited singles gathering spots in many cities.  ..I'm glad you're not asking for advice because I couldn't come up with any if I tried.  Just keep doing you. And of course keep being there for him now and if he should happen to ask for help in the future...Keep being awesome. \m/
Thanks for sharing Keto!  I hope your brother figures it out...Have you spent the time talking to him about your alcoholism and what your life is like now?..Like OTR says you're awesome... keep it up!
&gt;If you're on a pink cloud right now ride the ever loving FUCK out of it so the next time you're feeling blue you've got some good memories...As someone with so little under my belt this really resonates.  Trying to tell myself I'm going to be sober forever feels impossible.  But I am trying to thank myself for every day I give myself and my family where I don't let the monster in the door.
Thanks for sharing.  Really touching and powerful post.  Sorry your brother is struggling but glad you have such a great perspective.
This was tough to read but it sounds like you're keeping your head up!..&gt;I hate seeing someone struggle someone I love so much and someone who has seen the benefits of not using and being honest. It's sad. It's scary. It's something I have absolutely zero control over and that I have to accept...This is one of the worst feelings in the world. I hate that feeling of powerlessness especially when someone you love is hurting themselves. You just wish you could hijack their brain for a day so they can know what it is like to not struggle like that. ..Just a silly sidenote:..&gt;i even love banning douchebags who make this place unsafe for all of you trying to get better...This happens? Jeez it's hard to think that people would come here to start trouble but I guess it is reddit. I guess I just don't want to believe that anyone would stoop that low. You mods are appreciated! I haven't been here long but it seems like you've got an awesome community!.
Just wanted to pop in a send you a big cyber hug.  My sister has been in and out of sobriety/AA over the last six months or so and though it's a different situation I can relate to a lot of what you described.  She has some mental health issues that exacerbate and are exacerbated by her alcoholism and the whole mess has been a huge swirling vortex or disfunction for 25 plus years.  She just started an outpatient treatment program this week after yet another relapse and I'm hoping that it sticks this time but frankly my expectations aren't super high given her history. ..It's really tough seeing someone you love self-destruct and to be force to stand by helplessly.  I hope your brother is able to find lasting recovery and hope that you're able to find peace somewhere in all this.
As a newbie (lurked the past 2-3 months - started posting about a month ago) - I want to thank you for all your work. I love this place. I hope your brother makes it to detox and gets to the bottom of his issues soon. Keep your head up.
&gt;If you're on a pink cloud right now ride the ever loving FUCK out of it..Don't think I've heard this said and yeah maybe it's just a pink cloud in the early days but how often do we get to experience that kind of awesome with that level of intensity? Enjoy it hell yeah. .
I have a loved one that still drinks. .I also love sobriety and wish he would also embrace a life full of sanity and serenity...Hugs to you - and your family. ..Alcoholism doesn't just hurt the ones that drink...
I haven't been here long but your positivity beams through your posts. Thank you for all of your support both in the forum and behind the scenes. I just watched a British documentary on younger folks who can't beat the booze and it was saddening to see how they destroyed themselves. I truly hope the best for your brother!!
&gt;Everyone close to him including past therapists and doctors suspect underlying untreated mental illness. It's not an excuse I am making but I think it plays into the difficulties he has staying sober...Definitely would play a part. Being 'outed' at school must have been a horrendous experience for him and would most definitely have left an indelible impression...I hope your brother can find peace and happiness in his life...Thank you for sharing.
KJ I'm so very glad that you're a part of ours as well. Keep on truckin'! 
He's got to fight his own battles. You can be there for him but its not your battle to fight. I know it must be hard for you to see your brother like that. Really glad he is responsible enough to take cabs though. Your sobriety and him taking cabs were the most positive highlights of the post.
Thanks so much for being here and sharing Keto! You remind me how great the sobie community is &amp; how important it is to keep coming back. Just knowing I'm not alone literally relieves so much stress. It also reminds me where I'm lacking in my sobriety &amp; what I need to do to keep healthy in my recovery. Thanks for all you do &amp; I'm sending interwebs hugs to you &amp; yours.
"If you're on a pink cloud right now ride the ever loving FUCK out of it so the next time you're feeling blue you've got some good memories."  I love that. ..I'm sorry for your family's issues and I hope your brother finds the help he needs. 
KJ I can REALLY identify with your post for several reasons - 1) I have an alcoholic sibling 2) I am about the same age as your brother 3) I have mental issues 4) I am drinker who can string together 6 months stints of sobriety but always fail. ..With that in mind I can offer the following advice...-Keep yourself clean and healthy. Priority one..- You and your family should tackle the mental issues with same degree of vigor as the alcohol issues. Both are deadly..- It's hard on in-laws and other members in your family that aren't 'blood' to understand why you do so much for your one another. Be patient with your sisters boyfriend/husband and understand he is not a bad guy for being fed up with dealing with this but as a sibling DONT GIVE UP ON HIM and don't let your sister either. If you give up no one will step in your place...This post really hit home -- I'm pulling for you your brother and your extended family..
