-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fddld/feeling_nervous/

So Sunday I was at the usual restaurant with my wife and I just let her know how badly I craved a drink. Of course we talked I reasoned it was a bad idea. I admitted one wouldn't do but six or eight...Well that craving passed and tonight I grabbed my wife a beer and opened it for her.. I don't usually do that. It felt good in my hand. How easy it would have been to sip it slowly or even chug it. ..I'm almost at two hundred days without a sip. I've never dedicated myself to this in the past. I haven't relapsed but some days particularly lately I want to. It's the summer man and I want to spend it drinking. But I don't want to at the same time. ..I'm highly motivated and I'm happy and proud of myself for making this change. It has brought me new life. Sobriety has been a mysterious and awesome experience so far but I fear temptation is growing lately. ..I don't know why I am not stressed in fact I'm content and continually challenging myself. ..But this week  booze is calling for me. I actually feel my grip loosening I feel like I'm starting to believe the lie that a six pack here and there will be okay. Just one bottle of wine a week and beer on weekends right?
----------immediate responses--------

I too have experienced this 'blurred lines' feeling towards alcohol.  It's as if my brain just won't function properly when asked to recall the reasons that I quit drinking in the first place.  Blank.  The only thing I've found that helps is to focus on all of the good things I've done for myself over the past 8 months and to remember that none of those things would have been possible without eliminating alcohol from my life...I look at each passing urge as a challenge to test my resolve.  All moments will pass with the urges but I will never know what exciting mysteries might lie ahead on this journey if I succumb to the moments of weakness...Be strong man.  I haven't found my way out of this either but I sure as hell know that drinking isn't going to make my situation any easier.
I can't imagine.  Today will be the week anniversary of a really really bad day and I've already pretty much fooled myself into thinking it wasn't such a big deal.  I can't imagine how easy it would be to minimize after 200 days!  I just keep saying a) Once I start I'll never have enough and b) When I'm torn between drinking or not drinking remember which one has ever caused me regret.
[deleted]
