-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fgob8/another_introduction_post_im_not_great_at_these/

I subscribed and made an intro post here about 4 months ago but then I relapsed for a while...My longest time sober prior to that was around 5 months from October '14 to February '15 which is when I started having problems again and made that post here (after "cheating" a few times but not going totally back to my old ways... although as I found out that was only to be a matter of time.) ..For a while I felt an overwhelming amount of disappointment in myself for giving up. However I'm thinking about it a different way now which is that because I have done it before I know I can do it again... except for real this time. I want to be done forever with this detriment to my life before it's too late...I am so ready for this and viewing this sub again makes me feel even better about my decision. I finished my last drink last night at 12:12 AM. My question is: since it was technically after midnight can I still count today as Day 1? I really want to because it's the first of the month. I know it might seem silly to most people but I tend to REALLY obsess over details like this and it's held me back in the past...Anyway thank you for reading and I hope you're all having a wonderful night/day/whatever it is where you are!..Edit: Not that it matters too much but I'm 26 and started having issues with alcohol in my late teens (in case other users might find this information relateable I guess.)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;My question is: since it was technically after midnight can I still count today as Day 1? I really want to because it's the first of the month. I know it might seem silly to most people but I tend to REALLY obsess over details like this and it's held me back in the past...I am equally obsessive about numbers and dates and weird things like that. I would only ever try to quit on Mondays. And if not Mondays then it had to be the first of the month. ..I think you can count today as your day 1. I count my quit date as 9/23/13 but my last drink was technically at like 2:00 AM that same day. Then I passed out for like 10 hours. So I think it's cool. ..But anyways. ..&gt;However I'm thinking about it a different way now which is that because I have done it before I know I can do it again... except for real this time. ..So the big question here is how to make it stick right? You will have to have a plan for when complacency starts to settle in after a few months as it seems to do. ..Here's a quote. "Nothing changes if nothing changes."..Love it. Just too true. What are you going to do differently this time around to ensure that it's "for real?" 
IMO since this is a sub that is read by people all over the world there is no harm in moving your day one start one timezone over. The main thing is that you are here now. Welcome! There is a lot of great people here.
Assuming you went to bed after that last drink and woke up and it was today I think you're safe in calling today your start date :) Welcome back!
Welcome back. Glad you're here. 
&gt;For a while I felt an overwhelming amount of disappointment in myself for giving up. However I'm thinking about it a different way now which is that because I have done it before I know I can do it again... except for real this time...Yes!  Every slip up is a chance to reaffirm why you're doing this.  You can learn from the mistakes and safeguard yourself against them for next time.  You can do it!!
