-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fh5i5/today_was_a_very_weird_day/

Hey ..I guess I have been struggling recently. I am in the middle of my 90 in 90. (90 meetings in 90 days.) I have a sponsor I am working the steps. I am involved in the fellowship and I have made some really good friends. I have been following all the suggestions thrown my way. And its really starting to freak me out. I feel like I am locking myself into this way of life and its really freaking me out. Its like I am really shutting the door on drinking and its bugging me out. I want to run. But I cant I know I cant I have to keep going. ..And on top of all of this I really miss my family. I live far away and I just want to go home and be with them. I want to recover with my family by my side. But I am finally starting to grow up. I feel like if I left now I would just be running away from the things that make me uncomfortable. Things like bills work paying off debts. Things that will follow me home. And I don't want to give up which is what I feel like id be doing. I feel the need to tough it out and finish what I started. ..I am just feeling lost tonight. I spent my first 3 hours at work obsessing over alcohol. And it really frustrates me because I just know I cant. I know I cant drink and I've put myself into a life situation where that is a lot harder to do. And I just don't want to deal with the consequences of drinking yet again. And that really makes me frustrated and angry. ..I went to a meeting tonight. That helped. But I left. And now I am feeling lost again. I cant call my sponsor now and I just needed to get this off my chest. I wish you all well. Thank you for reading. We can do this. .
----------immediate responses--------

You are awesome. What I hear in your post is commitment and action. Amazing and inspiring. I also hear anger and confusion and fear.  I'm also newer in sobriety and currently overwhelmed. I had cravings today because of major stress (I moved today!). For me the farther I get into the future (locking my self into a way of life etc. the more fucked up my head gets). Honestly it's one day at a time for me to stay sober. It's easier for me to imagine staying sober for the next 24 hours than to imagine my whole life sober. I'm told these feelings are part of the first 90 days. I find relief in the step program so I can give you advice my sponsor gave me. Be willing to accept that your perspective can change. You will not always dread sobriety. You will not always feel so confused. Just take a few deep breaths. Turn over this fear and take it easy. Good on you for getting out of your head and to a meeting. I find the less time I spend thinking about me the better. It never ends well haha. Hang in there! You don't need to drink over these feelings I guess I don't either. 
I know this sounds impossible to do but just wait it out. When I first quit drinking and came to AA I felt like I was locking myself into this way of life as well. but for right now its important to stay in AA and immerse yourself in all of this so that you can get coping mechanisms and tools that you need for later on in life.
I hear you those feelings come and go. Hell I was feeling a little like that after the meeting I went to tonight as well.  My life has changed drastically so far this year so I'm guessing that is why I get in that funk sometimes.  As others have said just ride it out chat it up with your sponsor when you can and maybe even share those feelings in the meeting too.  This is hard work we do and we all just have to remember that we are doing the best we can
