-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fibhs/i_realized_my_higher_power/

I'm agnostic/athiest but I'm good with people having their religion. It's just not for me. As such I've had some struggle with the AA meetings but yesterday at my Saturday morning meeting I realized something...A while back a friend of mine had said "You need to find something you like more than being drunk." As I posted a while back I finally realized that I liked being sober. And that's not just preference over drunk. I really like sobriety. My head is clear I don't have blackouts I don't have to hide booze or worry about my wife bitching at me. I'm loving sobriety. ..So in the meeting I realized that Sobriety (it gets a capital letter now) is my higher power. Sobriety can make me better. Sobriety makes me a better father a better husband a better worker a better friend and better person. Sobriety doesn't leave huge gaps in my memory. ..It won't work for everyone but it really works for me. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Congrats on your progress. No matter how awesome my HP is and no matter how much I pray/meditate/contemplate/whathaveyou - it still doesn't stop my wife from bitching at me ;) I think that's just part of marriage no matter what  :)
Love it! ..I actually came in not anti-God at all but with a religion that didn't really work for me. So the steps didn't put me off in fact I saw them as a path to help me get god to work in my life. What's funny is over the years my higher power concept has gotten progressively impersonal and much of the god language now rubs me wrong. Sort of the opposite of what lots of others experience. ..All through my seeking I've never lost sight of my favorite line from the big book: what we really have is a daily reprieve contingent on the maintenance of our spiritual condition. ..What I do know for sure after years of testing! is that my spiritual condition is much better when I stay connected with other alcoholics in recovery. When I get disconnected I don't hear the things I need to hear and I don't have the opportunity to help others which is selfishly always beneficial. ..So in many ways for me the Fellowship itself is my higher power. 
I love this and thank you. I may just start capitalizing Sobriety myself. 
Congrats! Way back when I tried AA I considered both the collective wisdom of the rooms and the biological realities of sustaining life my higher powers.
I really like what you said. I have been drinking off and on for ten years since college. By off an on I mean I often drink during the week and I nearly always drink on the weekend.  Being agnostic as well I sometimes feel that alcohol takes that edge off the universe- my existential fear of life itself and of the future..I am turning thirty this year. I am a teacher.  I am married to an amazing woman. I am an alcoholic. I am going to change. 
That's something I can wrap my head around! Thanks for sharing. 
I like this! I've also heard people of people thinking of "Reality" or "Truth" as their higher power. I kind of like to think of Nature as mine.
