-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3flcgu/craving/

Hey all! I have been clean and clear of alcohol for 40 days. I'm having a lot of life come at me. Moved this weekend father in law entered hospice etc. Just life. I feel like I'm handling it well as I can. But I'm I'm feeling restless and nervous. Like an itch somewhere I can't reach. I don't feel overwhelmed or depressed. But I feel off. Maybe to be expected. Significantly for the first time in 40 days I'm having lots of strong and sudden cravings. Wine or pills or beer keep popping in my mind like pop up adds. Not that I'm going to go out and drink but this pattern is all to familiar. A road that has led me to relapse before. I don't know how to break the cycle. I'd love some advice besides "pray about it." But you better believe I'll try that too. In my heart I know I don't want to drink. The physical pain and shame is too much and I know for a fact I can't go through that again. I don't want to struggle against alcohol anymore. Not only am I in outpatient but I'm doing at least 5 meetings a week. I enjoy AA the community in my city is smart and supportive and solid. I have a sponsor I talk with her. I went down this road because I've surrendered. I feel discouraged by the idea of having to surrender each day. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I don't know how to break the cycle...I have been where you are. For me relapsing is a natural typical thing for someone trying to get and stay sober. So in recovery I had to practice "atypical" behavior. I had to jam things in between me and drinking because it's like me and drinking are wrapped together with a big powerful rubberband. By jamming meetings and fellowship in between me and my drinking a space formed putting drinking farther away. In my case that was not enough. I had to also change. I used the 12-steps for this change. I previously had no faith in the steps being a solution--I either thought I didn't need them or thought they wouldn't work. I was wrong (but I speak only for myself)...After I reached a point of desperation I reached for the steps and a great sponsor to work them with. It was life changing. I did change. Putting it back in rubberband terms it was like I jammed a mountain between me and drinking. By continuing to maintain a fit condition in recovery through practice and service the mountain stays between me and drinking. I'm still "a drink away from a drunk" but that drink feels far away...As for surrendering this is one of those illogical things about recovery that I also struggled with. I surrender to the fact that on my own I could not stay sober. I surrender to win every day. I no longer care what I have to do to stay sober. 
Wow good for you.  It sounds like you are finding your way.  I hope you keep posting and commenting as you go along.
I had strong cravings this weekend with a lot of drinking excuses happening to me. The only thing I can say is that in 22 days I have not woken one day and regretted staying sober. As far as that itch that rubberband growing tighter and tighter - I think that's a signal I need to do something else with my life. There is something not right and I need to either fix it or numb it. This time I will chose to fix it. Hang in there.
&gt;  I'd love some advice besides "pray about it."..I'm pretty sure I've never seen anyone here recommend that anybody pray about anything.  What's with the jab?
"Habit is overcome by habit.".
