-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3flyxh/25_days_wow_twenty_five_days/

I am not sure if anyone remembers my story...I was admitted to ICU for a gastric bleed because of drinking in the beginning of July...That was on July 9th. I am proud to say that I haven't touched alcohol in 25 days! .25 days might not seem like much to some but to me it's 25 days passed what was a horribly dark time in my life. 25 days closer to feeling completely normal again. 25 days I haven't poisoned myself to escape my troubles....I'm happier more energetic my house is spotless I'm laughing so much more I'm spending my days off outside and making memories with my child I'm seeing friends I haven't seen in forever I'm buying clothes that make me feel beautiful I'm wearing makeup I'm getting restful sleep I wake up in time to make breakfast I'm eating regular meals I'm.Making plans and keeping them I'm remembering conversations I've had the night before...I could go on forever! ..I'd be lying if I said the temptation wasn't there. Especially when I stress out....The temptation will always be there. I am an alcoholic. But the longer I go without it the less I want it. I think back on how horrible I would feel after drinking and how bad I would fiend for that next drink....The thought almost makes me sick to my stomach...Everyday is a small triumph and I am so extremely proud of myself for taking this seriously finally.....Truth be told this subreddit has been invaluable to me. Reading others stories successes and downfalls. We are all struggling and it's been so.Important reading your stories on this journey of sobriety. Thank you for sharing and thank you for all of your support. .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks and congratulations!! I am amused that I now take a moment to check the mirror before heading out into the world. Teeth clean? Appearance OK? Finger nails clipped? It's the little things...
&gt; The temptation will always be there. ..I have not experienced temptation in years.  If I did feel temptation I would conclude that I was doing something wrong. Why are you resigning to such a bleak future?  ..Congrats on 25!!
Way to go! Why don't you reset your badge?
Alright!!!  This is great.  
&gt;I'm spending my days off outside and making memories with my child...Priceless! This is fantastic!..So glad things are going so well for you!..I have a list of things to do(other than drink) if I'm stressed out..Eg:  Sometimes it's as simple as just leaving the room and lying down for a couple of minutes. ..Eat something. ..Guzzle a glass of ice cold water...Cup of tea/coffee...Put on fave music and dance in my kitchen like nobody is watching.(Yes I actually do this!)..There are many other things on my list and is also dependent on when and where I am but it gets me through some tough patches!..Keep on staying strong! You got this :)
