-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fm2q8/a_week_ago_today_i_gave_up/

This sub has been so helpful for me in finding familiar stories and unfamiliar ones people who share the same problems those who have it worse that I wanted to put something up on a day when so many folks probably come and lurk and wonder if enough has finally been enough...I know that for me coming in and wanting to stop as a way of showing people you've changed or atoning for wrongs it can be really deflating to see so many people with 4-digit badges (1000+ days since their last drink).  Man how many crises would I have avoided if I had refrained from drinking all those days...  But I digress...  Seeing numbers like that it's easy to think even if I don't drink today or tomorrow or the next day that doesn't prove anything to anyone.  What's the point?..It's for that reason that day 1 has ALWAYS been impossible for me.  I'd go for the hair of the dog and at that point no matter what I do it's not going to have been a dry day so oh well I'll just try and moderate a bit more next time...But last Monday when I was sitting in my office writing an embarrassed email to a friend I'd been two hours late to meet the previous weekend and then been too drunk to hold a conversation I somehow finally managed to keep dry.  And when I woke up Tuesday morning I had a streak!  A one day streak sure but a streak.  From there it was a lot easier.  I know that's not true for lots of folks but it was for me...And today I've got a week under my belt.  And that feels like something...I know the biggest struggle is saying "I'm never going to drink again".  That's probably held me back a number of times when I've contemplated quitting. No one likes to make huge commitments like that.  In the back of my mind I always saved that card for when I finally ran someone over or slapped my wife or something like that.  In some alternate universe where I let it get that far I'm sure I'd kill to be me today tossing in the towel before I let things get to that.  I'm not saying I'm never going to drink again and a lot of folks in this sub aren't.  We're just saying we're not going to drink again today.  We said it first thing this morning and that's that.  It's out of our hands and no longer our decision to make...Anyway if you're lurking today and it's probably not the first time then what are you waiting for?  One week ago today I felt miserable and ashamed and worthless.  And today I feel great.  I still have plenty of problems but today alcohol isn't one of them.  So sign up for your badge this morning and don't make a pledge to never drink again just make a pledge that maybe you won't drink again until a night's sobriety causes you to wake up in a panic swearing never to be dry again...It all just starts with not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I'm not saying I'm never going to drink again and a lot of folks in this sub aren't. We're just saying we're not going to drink again today. We said it first thing this morning and that's that. It's out of our hands and no longer our decision to make...That's it.  ..Congratulations on your week sober.  Keep doing what you're doing and you are on your way to looking at the world entirely differently.  
Thank you..
it's amazing what a week will do huh?  congrats and keep it up!
I found that just as the drinking me always found a reason to drink each day (birthday drink big football game drink party drink) the sober me now finds  a reason not to drink each day (gotta pick up the kiddos business presentation distance run big race I'm training for).  This allows me to have a reason not to drink not just the feeling that I can't drink today because I'll never drink again.
Know what you mean about the problems but alcohol isn't one of them. I still have them but I can think clearly about ways to solve them and tentatively plan my future instead of just having another bottle and compounding the problem. When I get up in the middle of the night to pee (sorry TMI) I'm kind of groggy  and for a nanosecond I question myself and then realize-"I'm SLEEPY! NOT STILL DRUNK!" and it's a beautiful thing haha. Last week I just felt so stinking happy-the feeling was bubbling under the surface of my day and that's way I've always been when I'm not drinking.  It's the NOT DRINKING that helps me stay positive-problems are still there but I have inner resources and coping skills and HOPE. ..There's just none of that good stuff knocking about when I'm boozing it up. Just sayin'.
We done man. It's a big change but we are doing it. Keep it up yo. 
Keep it up buddy we got this!
Very nice post and very relatable.  I know exactly what you mean about the "what could I have avoided" feelings - now I am trying to focus more on "what I will avoid". ..Great job! 
"I'm never going to drink again."  is a lot harder to say than "I don't drink."..That's what made the difference for me.  ..I wish nothing but the best for you. 
You have one day on me congratulations!  I am not powerless over alcohol! (Until I take that first drink). One drink is too many a thousand is not enough. Just for today I will not drink. Who's with me?
