-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fmo9q/anyone_ever_have_a_relapse_and_realize_that_they/

After 100 days I drank to have some fun last night.  My birthday is coming up and I thought I'd let loose then but I don't think I'm interested after last night.  I was feeling a bit socially anxious and what I realized was that alcohol barely helps with that unless I'm 3-4 drinks in and that's not okay.  And it's not worth it the lackluster sleep or crappy feeling in the morning.  ..I am not mad at myself for experimenting.  I'm glad I did it before my birthday.  Now my birthday won't be ruined!!!  And I don't think I like alcohol that much I mean taste-wise.  I will still have a sip every now and then but I just don't like it enough to have a full drink unless my aim is to get drunk.  ..And I don't want to get drunk anymore because sobriety makes life so easy.  ..Not resetting my badge.  I won't be drinking anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Tons of people say they're glad they drank because blah blah blah. The vast majority of them disappear within a couple weeks.  Seriously someone should start keeping a list...I don't know your story but I can tell you that I personally never planned on ending up here.  The decisions that led me here were not malleable by reason or logic. In your shoes I would go into overdrive.  I wish you the best.
I have been drinking for 2 years and not really enjoyed it.  It almost killed me.  
There is a cliche that says .."Sobriety will mess up your drinking." ;)  ..What bothers me is that some people really struggle to get 100 days... or 6 months ... or a whole year without drinking and we use badges to help track that.  ..So... actually this makes me sad.  :( ..I am thrilled for you that you can stop after a sip or drink or two!     And I wish you luck and happiness! ..
I drank and I relapsed after 15 continuous years of sobriety.  I pretty much hated all of it but I kept at it for another 7 years. It was truly a miracle that I made it back into recovery without killing myself and taking others with me.  
Can I ask why you'll bother having a sip every now and then? If you don't like the taste and you don't want to get drunk it seems like prodding the snake for the hell of it. Anyway happy upcoming birthday :)
