-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fpr7h/4_days_without_a_drink_struggling/

Never thought I'd be in this position and post here but life is nothing but surprises!...English is my second language please overlook the imperfections ..I'm 30 an alcoholic I don't remember whether I drank on the 30th of July but I sure as heck didn't on the 31st  of July hopefully I'll get my badge soon..Beer is my drink of choice I drank wine in my younger days but the last 3 years or so has been beer exclusively. It all started socially of course a beer here and there the "buzz" felt great a drink felt like a great addition to any gathering I did not mind it at all. Unfortunately It got to the point of me drinking 4-5 500ml cans daily almost always alone.  I started drinking alone long time ago and no longer need or want any company I guess depression is a factor as well in all of this.  The worst things I've done and worst decisions I've made in my life have all been under the influence.  What I clearly realized is that alcohol has taken away ALL the beauty and joy of life from me and made it VERY HARD to enjoy ANYTHING without a drink. I have friends in Eastern Europe who gather up in a pub and drink every single day and seem to always have the reason to do so child birth death promotion at work fights with the loved ones EVERYTHING IS FOLLOWED BY A DRINK. I sure as heck don't want to end up like them and will do everything in my power to stay sober...I've made the decision to quit and I plan on sticking to it.  I am unable to drink in moderation at all therefore I won't drink at all. I quit smoking cold turkey on 27/08/2013 and haven't had a puff since this can't be much different can it?..Right now it feels horrible every second thought of mine is about a cold can of beer. The craving is so strong it feels like my jaw is inside the vice and things are getting tighter and tighter. ..On the bright side it absolutely rocks waking up with a clear head. I started jogging in the morning in the last 2 days and wow aside from the obvious muscle pain the energy I had during the day after the jog was surreal. I felt NEW. I plan on doing that again tomorrow and hope to be a bit stronger (and last longer) my body has become an absolute weak mess after all the alcohol abuse I put it through...Any words of support would be GREATLY appreciated!.Thank you very much.
----------immediate responses--------

Four days was always a super difficult point for me it got easier for me after day 5! have you tried Allen Carr's book? If you're able to read enough English I'd recommend it! Just so you know as well I now spend a lot of time alone not drinking though but actually enjoying my own company. It's awesome!
Hello and welcome! I was also a beer drinker. I used to joke that I was a beeraholic not an alcoholic (ha ha...not so funny anymore). I really recommend drinking sparkling water when you're craving a beer. The bubbly water will trick your brain (a bit) into thinking it's getting what it wants...Good job on the jogging I have found exercise is crucial for my recovery too. Keep it up that's great!..I also thought that nothing would be fun without beer anymore because I drank beer for every reason imaginable. That was just lies that my alcoholic brain told me though. There is joy all over the place and you will find it again.  I am rediscovering happiness again...happiness that is real and true and not dependent upon how many beers are in my fridge...Glad you're here with us! Stick around :)
[deleted]
