-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fptgg/need_some_help/

Hello. I'm a long time lurker on this subreddit and also a long time drinker. My fianc  recently broke it off with me and I'm struggling more than ever with alcohol. I stop and get beer on the way to work and then several times throughout the day. I KNOW that I can get through this and that alcohol is only keeping me down but I can't seem to stop. There have been a few days where I didn't drink actually ate decent food and even worked out. But as soon as I go out for a few beers to get my mind off of things im right back to drinking the next morning. I really could just use some encouraging words to wake up to tomorrow. So maybe I can drive to work without stopping for beer and actually try to have a good day.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Good morning! I hope you wake up feeling good. If you don't for "reasons" it's okay. Today you can invest in tomorrow's morning. You don't have to look at the big picture. It's quite intimidating sometimes. So look at right now instead. You CAN make it to work without stopping for a drink. You said you've done it before. ..Once you've made that step consider it a building block. It means something. It is a small piece in a foundation. And once you tackle the first step you can look towards taking the next. You don't have to worry about making it to bedtime. Sometimes that's too far away. You can always focus on what you need to do to make it one more step. ..There is a lot of wisdom and encouragement here. Don't be afraid to post if you find yourself struggling. 
If you don't drink then all the things you are afraid to think of will have to be confronted but don't worry it's not as stormy as it may seem. That thoughts won't cripple you and they will not be resolved in that day. It will take time but little by little it will clear up. If you just drink to ease the mind the stuff you have to resolve will just clutter in a dirty spot and buzz indefinitely. .
Hello! I was a morning drinker too. It was a special hell to be trapped in. The morning drinks meant I'd have to keep drinking throughout the day so I had to drink on my lunch break too...then I was drinking at work and life got really horrible and unmanageable. Waking up with the feeling of dread knowing it would be the same as the day before. Awful. I got out of the cycle by finding an AA meeting on my lunch break and this helped me stop the morning drinking and eventually all the drinking. I needed help in real life cause no matter how hard I tried I could not do it alone. Know that there are people out there just like you who have done what you are doing and they were able to pull things together. Posting here is a wonderful step forward. I really recommend talking to people in real life...a friend or family member a doctor a therapist or a group of other alcoholics in AA or in a SMART recovery meeting (if you have them where you live). You don't have to live like this anymore.
