-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fqj59/my_time_of_the_sober_month_and_feeling_resentful/

Okay it's not really my time of the month unless there is a male version...Anyway yesterday was a tough one. For some reason right around the time I reach the 2 week mark of sobriety I always get resentful and eventually convince myself that that I'm not as bad of an alcoholic as most of the other alcoholics in AA etc...Every thing yesterday was pissing me off at work. I would get irritated on here when I'd see someone's badge read something like "274" days yet they were posting about how they were struggling to make it through their first day without drinking. I didn't read in the big book yesterday. I didn't check in much in here yesterday as that badge thing was bothering me and I didn't even call or text my new sponsor. When I got home from work I brought in my negativity to my home. Once my kids were asleep my wife told me she didn't appreciate the negative energy I brought in the home and that the kids could definitely feel it. This kind of snapped me out from my funk and realized I was acting like a drunk even though I haven't had a drink in 18 days. I am very new to this but damn-it I am going to change my character through my work actions thoughts etc...I can't let the little things bring me down into "stinking thinking" like it did yesterday. I do appreciate this sub-reddit very much and am so glad you guys are hear to listen and offer such amazing advice each and every day. Here's to being sober....And folks who relapsed don't be afraid to reset that badge. I have a lot of respect for those with big numbers! You guys have put in the hard work.   ..Any suggestions on dealing with irritability and resentments over big and little things? 
----------immediate responses--------

Holy cow can I relate to this. I've been in a "funk" since Friday with many of the feelings you described irritated resentful and overall pissed off. I thought when I got to 2 weeks I'd be jumping up and down with happiness and I'm just not. I'm trying to portray myself as positive kind of like fake it till you make it. Hopefully it works. Sorry I don't have any great advice but thank you for sharing your post helped me feel kind of better.
No helpful advice but the badge thing was bugging me too yesterday.  Coming into the sub and blithely announcing that you've mastered moderation for the umpteenth time and couldn't be happier while your multi-month badge shines beside your username.  Seems like trolling at its worst.  I started to comment on one but figured it wasn't worth it...It sucks though.  When you're drunk you want sympathy and understanding for when you're an idiot and when you're sober you want sympathy and understanding for being an ass.  I've found myself being a bit bristly as well.  For me I feel like it's kind of a default disposition after years of constantly being drunk and wanting to fight against a desire to be really ebullient which might give away how drunk I am or else wanting to be drunk and being irritated because someone is interfering with my being alone and drinking...I'm sure it will get better.  The fact that your wife communicated her irritation to you and you responded honestly seems really positive..
CheeseWhistleMcStink - first off I love your name. Second I really enjoy your posts. You frequently echo stuff I'm going through. This time it is about being a moody bitch (that's me not you). ..I mentioned in another post that knowing you are being moody/bitchy/asshole-like is the first step to putting the brakes on it and jumping off the bitch train. 
