-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fuedn/stopped_for_5_monthsrelapsed/

I stopped drinking when I started my new job.....I read 'Allen Carr's' The Easy Way and it helped...But when I was sober things got weird too. I started really losing my mind....because I was still thinking in the same narcissistic way when I was sober as when I drink - obsessed with achievement knowledge successes and working on art projects. I made a short film made an album of music wrote articles for the newspaper...I became more knowledgeable about fashion. I made new friend's. I made a new girlfriend. I started working out. I bought protein powder and began lifting weights. Many people were impressed 'wow you're so great' but I was driven by hate...fuelded by self-loathing...like a mad mad life blood 'you fucking loser' I told myself 'nobody will want to talk to you unless you continue gaining attention through your creations and have perfect shape' I also decided to deny myself sexually. But it just felt wrong somehow unreal. ..It was also all about me...me me fucking me....and the mania went from utter self-hatred to complete joy. I felt oh so proud of myself for being sober. 'What a great person I am kicking that habit' and what utter losers all drinkers are don't want to talk to any of them any people even. I got so into my head. I lost a ton of weight and rapidly like 10kg in a week. I thought I was insane...But then I romanticized the insanity - yes - yes I am insane that's why I need to drink - because I'm such a delicate sensitive young man full of heart and hopes and dreams - too much for this cruel world this cruel fake world...that's why I need to drink. That's what I told myself...And what about all those great people in history? All those drunken or drug addicted creative types. Or you're so much like them. Sure you don't have the credit for it but neither did they in their life times and you're living for them you'd die for those great people. The society and culture will come around to your superior way of thinking. Ugh this is what I thought. I fucking thought this stupid insane stuff with a 'voice' in my head that I don't know....maybe I need therapy...So my work finished for summer vacation and I hit the drink really heavily. My thinking got to the point of 'I'm not going to eat. I'm going to destroy myself so I have to get out of it.' This was a mantra in my head...I felt if I had lots of fun drinking or drank 'normally' the slow spiral would start so instead I wanted to hit it fast. I can't believe I thought that...So for let me say....12 days or more I drank all day....I blew off most of the people in my life....I had 2 sexual conquests that were not appropriate...I have to be sober this time and I have to start doing things for other people. Life isn't about me and my fucking head...I went outside and because I'd barely ate I felt like a freak....but I wanted this when I drank...I even told myself 'just be this freak this outsider this is who you are' and I began to believe my drinking was opening up a 'third way' of higher consciousness in my mind's eye. I began writing essays about the meaning of life to myself and angry rants some of which I sent to publishers. I wrote poetry song lyrics and came up with fake band names. I really felt 'ok just plan this out into planned binges' at the time 'just have a crazy weekend once in a while and then pull yourself out' I'm afraid of that I'm afraid of the damage I've already done to myself let alone the future damage. At the time I said 'it'll just be a weekend' but it dragged out into 12 days of fucking nothing and madness...And the sad thing is....it's childish and needy and desperate and ....all those things....it's really lame and boring but here I am raving about it like a mad man...I just can't have fun sober can't be funny can't be spontaneous I start slavishly following all the rules and being a surface robot. But when I drink I'm a wild insane beast on the loose. I guess I can though it just takes time for me to open up. It is true that I make terrible first impressions but many many people have told me over the years I surprised them with other sides of my personality....all of this concealment...and nobody likes me when I'm on the downward spiral....well okay very briefly I'm better but that's it...I just...am heartless and I'm about myself...and even this 'battle to be sober' will partly be my courageous battle narrative in my head instead of re-connecting me with the human race. ..I need to connect with people. I just wanted to say I...I feel in a lot of pain for anyone who has this same problem I understand it...and I wish you all the best in trying not only to stop but to live full lives. I really don't know how much damage I did to my health but I'll find out soon...I just ....I wanted to get that out there I guess..
----------immediate responses--------

You CAN have fun sober you CAN be funny spontaneous.. ALL of those things..I know you can because I can. I told myself the same lies you are telling yourself. .Everything was more fun when I was drinking. I was funnier smarter prettier. .I know what you mean about the art as well all these amazing artist were whacked out of their minds on the drink or drug.. I should be as well. Truth is my art has kept me from drinking now.. and it is SOO much better than it ever was when I was drunk..I wish you the best. .Do you go to any type of program? I know AA isn't for everyone but sometimes being in a room full of drunks really can help you..If you ever need to talk to someone.. feel free to inbox me.
I didn't get the memo that you had to be drunk to be funny crazy wild and spontaneous. Most of my time drinking I was none of these things. I just sat in a room drinking. Now I have the energy and the motivation to do anything I set my mind too. In my opinion drinking(in excess) is really just for losers. I know that's a bit harsh but that's just my opinion. I was never a funny drunk. I thought I was but people were probably laughing at me being drunk instead of me being funny. Joke was on me not from me...It took awhile before my delusions and romantic ideas about drinking started to go away. Now I see drinking as just plain pathetic. I am nothing as a drunk. I don't ever want to be that person again. It is no longer a struggle or battle to be sober it is a choice...
Do you have a link for making a new girlfriend? Man I love the internet :)..Seriously though well done for getting on here and having the desire to sort your shit out.
It was very brave of you to put this out here for us ewok. Thank you.  There are a thousand paths to learn how to do this thing and you're figuring yours out. Maybe the person you were trying to be isn't who you are? You're definitely on to something with looking out for others....just remember you can't do that if you don't take care of yourself first. Be well. 
Well the other thing with art and drinking is like...so many of those examples DIED so it's kinda lame to wanna be like them. And even self-consciously thinking stuff like that ....really grandiose thoughts....drinking is part of that too. ..I do think I learnt something 'coming out of the binge' but then that...the shame of being hungover vs adopting healthy thinking AND habits in daily life...And then I think...I'm overwhelmed by the thoughts...I guess I really need to learn that it's a SKILL to control thoughts yet I allow myself....like a screaming and crying baby...to be dominated by my thoughts. 'I want to do that so I'll do it.'  'I don't want to do that so I won.'t' But lots of things we don't want to do at first have long term benefits whilst many things we just want to do are dangerous and unfulfilling. I'm rash and impulsive....but then other mantras say 'follow your heart' but I guess I misinterpret them. I'd like to take a vacation from thinking. ..and yeah I guess posting here I wanna stop being so damn 'heady' and connect to people ....get inside some other mind's..I purposefully locked myself out of social media and became convinced it was horrible and narcissistic....but in a way saying 'fuck that I want to be alone' is just as much as posting a photo every day...So yeah it's been good reading these stories...and just nice to get out of thinking about stuff on my own...I don't think there's 'a way out' of thinking. Even though lots of people say my thinking is 'interesting' and I use THAT as part of my fucking narcissistic world view which I prop up and get trapped in. It just sucks.
[deleted]
Your words really resonated with me. You summed up the mental misery and insanity that was the very driving force for my drinking. Removing the alcohol accomplished nothing other than allowing the full force of a broken brain to shine through. The real relief for me came not from being sober but from the removal of the voices that drove me through self obsession to drink.  Through an honest and earnest effort in seeking a higher power with the help of AA and sponsorship I was finally able to view a world that did not have me at the center. Previously unimaginable relief and happiness has followed. I am still extremely partial to self aggrandizement but now I recognize these thoughts as the very poison that cut me off from my fellows and my God and therefore cut me off from any chance at lasting peace.  
I can honestly agree I feel the same exact way..
You shared a lot that really resonated with myself and I'm sure a lot of others. I assumed you are in your twenties maybe thirties? There is so much chatter in our heads at that age even without the drinking. Just know that you are awesome for holding yourself accountable being aware of your emotions and talking about them...Congrats on continuing the journey I know that you can do it!
Thanks for sharing...Your story is a great reminder to me that success in my recovery has been and will continue to be the challenging of and changing of my thinking. My old stinking thinking eventually and inevitably led me to drink in excess. Nothing random about it it was a case of all roads leading to Rome. I had to stop trying a different way until after I changed the map...Thanks again for sharing! 
I felt like I was an alien robot when drinking heavily. I'm letting myself get weirder and weirder the further I get into sobriety. The music I'm writing is the best of my life. 
