-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fyfxw/played_with_fire_almost_got_burned/

So I just returned from vacation. Before I left I had told myself that I would allow myself to experiment with some moderated drinking. It went very well. I did not break my pledge to only allow myself three drinks a night and other than 1 beer with lunch one day I only drank on two nights. I didn't struggle with any cravings for more and I didn't feel any negative emotions related to drinking or any frustration having to limit myself...However I did experience a very strong urge to try to continue this moderated drinking now that I'm back which would be a violation of my promise to myself to not continue when I got home. I had to run to the store to pick up some dinner and on the way back I stopped at the corner store and purchased two 8 oz lime-a-Rita's (ugh gross I know) which I planned on consuming on the way home so my spouse wouldn't know. "Fuck it it's your last vacation day. Just one more." The good news is that right as I was about to crack one open I told myself out loud "No! What the fuck are you doing?!" turned around and chunked those bitches into the trash can. It was seriously an amazing feeling but I don't want to get too proud of myself. I walked a line that I don't think I want to walk again. While nothing bad happened the fact that I had to fight a temptation that I had been free from since my second week of sobriety has made me seriously reconsider whether I want to experiment with moderation again even on a vacation. While I did enjoy myself on the nights that I drank I enjoyed myself equally as much on the nights that I didn't. The difference is that if I hadn't touched any alcohol on the vacation I doubt I would have almost backslid into open-constainer driving behind my spouses back drinking. I just really don't think it was worth the risk in hindsight. I am also disappointed with myself because I think there's a good chance I would have drank them if I lived by myself. It was a good reminder that I have to focus on the fact that I'm doing this sobriety thing for myself and my future primarily and not for anyone else. I have to be more concerned with sticking to what I said I was going to do for myself and not to please anyone else. I need to care more about letting myself down than letting my spouse down. I'm going to reset my badge and pledge myself to 24 hours of sobriety starting right now followed by 24 more and then we will take it from there. Thanks for reading SD and I'm so glad this place is here for me to share with.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your honesty--this sounds exactly like my experiences.  A day or two of moderation then chugging beers while driving.  A good reminder to me why I need to just keep it simple.
I've tried moderation twice over the last few years. There isn't going to be a third time. One sip &amp; it's a year before I know what hit me. At least you came back... last time I took a lonnnnng hiatus. So kudos on that.
Yeah I already know I can't moderate because I just don't want to moderate. If I drink its to get drunk. That's the only reason I drink. Any other way of drinking wouldn't be fun or satisfying to me. I know this. So don't even want to try to moderate.
