-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3g8hti/made_it_through_my_first_bar_shift_since_quitting/

I posted earlier my concerns. It was a typically stressful friday night at a busy bar. Bridge and tunnel douchebags who act like theyve never been in a bar and 21 year olds getting shitfaced. Pretty standard. We also had some equipment problems (ice machine died POS acting up...I'm sure you service people can sympathise). I was a little short with some of the customers by the end of the night but all in all I never once actually craved alcohol. I never said to myself "man i need a drink." I think it's partially because I'm still in the honeymoon phase so to speak and because I've relapsed while working before and don't want to repeat that type of failure. If I'm going to relapse it better be for a better reason than that. ..I occasionally read your replies to my last post on my phone while I was working and it feels really good to know so many people care enough to take the time to comment. I appreciate it. ..I told one of my regulars I hadn't drank all week and he asked me how my night was going and I said "I dunno I'm not mad I'm not stressed...I'm not happy though...I dunno how I feel really." he goes "Those are called feelings dude I know youre probably not used to them." Made me laugh. ..Anyway sorry for the ramble I guess I just feel pretty good. On my laptop in bed feeling healthy and happy and tired from working hard all night not because I'm f'd up. The last time that happened on a friday was a long time ago. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!!! ..&gt;"I dunno I'm not mad I'm not stressed...I'm not happy though...I dunno how I feel really." he goes "Those are called feelings dude I know youre probably not used to them."..Love this
A weird feeling feelings.  Not had too many of them myself - but hope to have some more like you.
Excellent job!.you line of work has two interesting perspectives the first being temptation.  Serving booze has to be challenging when recovering  the second you witness the results of booze intake the drunkenness  which I have to say at this point in sobriety is helping to keep me from drinking. I am finding drunk people disgusting  harsh but true. I am uncomfortable with the thought of having been one of them for so long..Keep up the good work  you have this!
I got sober as a bartender so yes it is possible.  The perspective you gain as a non-drinker in an alcohol-fueled environment is to say the least unique...Just try to keep in mind that you need to stay vigilant.  Thanks for the post and update.
I'm very proud of you. You're doing this on hard mode and you succeeded. 
Good on ya! Isn't it weird how those feelings pop up? In one of my many attempts at sobriety I realized I felt pretty down and thought "OMG I'm depressed but this is something I think I can deal with!" Normally I'd pretend it's not happening and just open up some wine and chug it. Problem solved-NOT! Sadness still there the next day but amplified by a hangover... You handled it like a champ! Especially being surrounded by booze-what a great role model :)
Your regular made me crack up. Those are feelings! Damn! Where did those come from?
Thats awesome!  I myself had the same kind of bar shift last night and it always feels good when you can get home without having to depend on that shift drink...might not happen often but when it does you should feel good about it! I wanted so desperately for that drink at the end of last night but still said no and hopefully will again tonight! Good luck!
