-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gdllu/day_5/

Laying here feeling like shit (combination of really REALLY wanting to drink and my period which is on her way) and having a pity party...I have gone months and months without even THINKING about drinking before. I have gotten plastered on New Year's only to wake up the next morning with one hell of a hangover but no desire to continue drinking. In fact I had said to my hubby "how do people drink the next day...how do they DO that?" because I would always wake up so nauseous that I couldn't even stand the thought of WATER nevermind more alcohol. Fast forward to now: I was that person drinking the next morning to get rid of the shakes and to feel better. ..I don't know how to get back to that person who could drink one night (heavily too!) and then not think about it for months and months. There was no problem...what changed? I have no clue and it is upsetting me to the point that I am in tears and I don't have any desire to do any of the things I LOVE to do like my YouTube videos. I have a game I can be playing and recording right now and I have NO interest at all. I just turned off the TV (SpongeBob was over and some other stupid show was coming on that I don't care for) and now I am crying here. I feel so lost depressed as all hell and I am...actually considering taking my Prozac which I couldn't take for the longest time because I was drinking. Same with my anxiety meds. I have one that helps control cravings...but I couldn't take it because I was using alcohol heavily...I want to go downstairs and pour myself a nice glass of straight Jack Daniels and just forget everything again...but I won't...Please say something that will help? I am lost here. ..Day 5 is kicking my ass. This is always where I relapsed before. Never got to Day 6. Not in a long time anyhow...Help? :'(..~LG
----------immediate responses--------

I've been distracting myself as much as possible. Mindlessly browsing reddit really takes little concentration but most of my attention. I know it's a short term solution but it helps me switch my thoughts when my mind drifts to the bottle 
If you've been prescribed Prozac by a doctor why aren't you taking it? Depression is real and treatable. Now might be the ideal time to get a handle on it.
Hey MamaToFive. I've also not taken medication because I was drinking and one of the perks is that now that we're not drinking the medication can be taken and it does help (in my experience). When I'm in a bad/sad mood and wanting to drink I find that rereading some of my past posts can help change the mood. Have you tried rereading some of your older posts to help remind you of why you wanted to stop drinking in the first place? Maybe think back to the last day 5 when you relapsed and how it made you feel afterwards? I hope your day gets better. Take it a minute hour or day at a time- someone here once compared feelings to waves in that they pass. I've found that helpful when it comes to riding it out. Looking forward to your day 6 post you can do it! 
Hey you got this. You are almost over the hump and the aches pains and craziness that is detox will start to fade away. I know how you feel. That longing for those days when you could just drink one night and not have to hit the bottle again first thing in the morning. Here's the thing those day won't come back and that's ok. ..Slowly things will get better. Stay away from the Jack. Hell get rid of it. Dump it down the drain and tell it to fuck off.
