-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gk6nt/booze_and_politics/

I have been doing well for the past week. An old friend of mine who I used to drink with a lot dropped by unexpectedly on Day 3. He offered to buy dinner if I bought beer and I told him "I'm not drinking tonight." What do you know that worked. Next night we went out for ramen and I still didn't drink; we both had iced tea. Day 5 I went out with another friend and before even getting together I let him know ahead of time that I didn't plan on drinking and was just looking to hang out. Everything went swimmingly...So here I am on the cusp of Day 7 where I normally relapse. I went to a very large political rally tonight and was surprised at how at least half the audience got beer at the concessions stand. The entire grandstand just reeked of cheap american lager and it smelled good. It's the first time in a week that I had a strong craving to get some beer. It got to a point where I caught myself not listening at all and just clapping intermittently while thinking about alcohol...On my way home I had to keep putting it out of my head. Starting to question my resolve and how much I wanted to be sober. It's easy to forget after just one week how shitty things could get for me at times. I dropped into 7-11 and got some club soda and a bag of ice...What worries me more is that I am meeting new work colleagues for drinks at a bar Wednesday night. How do I go to a bar with new people who I will be working with and not drink without putting forward the impression that I have a drinking problem? I think I'm just going to ride my bike there and use that as an excuse not to drink cause I'm not really coming up with anything better.
----------immediate responses--------

 &gt;How do I go to a bar with new people who I will be working with and not drink without putting forward the impression that I have a drinking problem? I think I'm just going to ride my bike there and use that as an excuse not to drink cause I'm not really coming up with anything better....You don't go..
I really struggled yesterday on day 6 as well. What's with that?! Anyway - I posted here for some accountability just like you've done. I find it so helpful...I also have something coming up Wednesday night - a friend is coming over to watch our favourite TV show. We usually have wine and cheese while we watch it. Not this time! Last week I told her I was feeling a bit queasy so we happily sipped on cups of tea all night. This time around - I'm not sure yet but I realised something recently:..I think you might find no one will really give it a second thought if you don't drink. It feels like a big big deal to us because we're in the midst of this huge life-changing journey. But from the outside to 'normal' drinkers? Meh. Order a soda and don't say a word about it. You might find you don't even need to explain your decision...Hope that my little epiphany helped you a bit! I'm not even going to wish you good luck. You got this. :)
I'm a campaign staffer in Canada and its hard for me too - everyone goes out or beers after a long day on the campaign. If I go with them (and I don't always) I order a club soda in a short glass or a pint of ginger ale. Looks like a mixed drink or a beer so nobody will give you a hard time. Eventually you'll get comfortable enough to not care but until you do that's a good way to avoid questions. 
&gt;How do I go to a bar with new people who I will be working with and not drink without putting forward the impression that I have a drinking problem?..Honestly for me it just wasn't worth the risk to do that early on in sobriety. Too tempting. Nowadays I'll let myself go to drinking events if I have a valid reason for being there and am in a good mental state beforehand. It's really nobody else's business but mine why I don't drink and if things get too intense or lame I can just leave...When it boils down to it the two questions we have to ask ourselves are:..1. Do we want to stay sober more than we want to drink?.2. Are our decisions and choices aligned with the answer to #1?
Just tell em that you don't drink and drive and tell them how it effected your life. Or just tell em it runs in the family or you just don't drink
You could just say "I'm not drinking tonight" or and then say that the next 50 times you get together haha. The bike is a perfect reason for you not to drink. Tell them you had a huge dinner and don't want to fill up with beer. Or you're on meds. Or you have digestive problems. Or alcohol doesn't agree with you. Or you're getting up early to run or bike . I know what you mean because social pressures make it hard for you to want to identify yourself as a non-drinker especially if (like me) you feel like you might dip your toes into the water at a later date...(just being realistic here-I've been FINE so far but I know the desire is going to rear its ugly head at some point) but really after a couple of hours you can hop on your bike and head home and feel great the next morning. Believe  me I'm not minimizing your dilemma-it's so much easier said than done...but you can do it. Because you're THAT strong!
