-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gkezy/i_honestly_thought_id_have_failed_by_now_three/

Hi Sobernauts ..This is my three month post! My star turned into a three yesterday and doing the daily check-in this week I got a lot of love for 90 days (thanks friends!) but today is my actual three month aniversary so I want to celebrate it today! ..Late April I had a month long panic attack in the lead up to my thirtieth birthday. I realised how much I had let myself down in life... I was the kid who had lots of friends got good marks lit up a room and oozed potential.  Yet I finished university started a business failed miserably and settled... I started temping and went through quite a few different jobs through the first organisation I started with after my business failed but am still there doing something that I'm good at that pays well but that I don't love and that I'm not passionate about. Like a lot of people here I was very lucky not to have anything *that* bad happen to me (with the exception of wasting some of my teens and all of my twenties...) but I got married I kept a well paying stable job I was always smiling people really liked me. Nobody knew how dark shit got for me because I was an alcoholic and lied about every aspect of my personal life. ..A number of times over the past few years I've thought about making my life something I'd prefer to live but it's pretty hard to get motivated when you drink two bottles of wine every night. When you wake up feeling shitty every morning it's a struggle to even make it through the work day let alone plan what you want to do when you grow up. You literally count down the minutes until you can have your first drink...I'd known for a long time that my drinking was what limited my motivation and potential but (as obvious as this sounds) as an alcoholic I was addicted to alcohol... Cutting down or giving up wasn't an option... until I forced myself to...Now I knew there were ways to quit drinking the biggest being AA but *I* was not like other people and that would never work for *me*. So I researched Naltrexone and decided that's the only way I could ever quit... ..When I made my initial appointment with the GP they said I needed to be two days sober to take Naltrexone and I white knuckled the shit out of those two days before my appointment. They were awful. Long story short he wouldn't prescribe me Naltrexone without a liver function test so I got blood taken and had to come back a week later for the results.  I kid you not I bought two bottles of red on the way home from the Doctor and they were finished in an hour. ..Anyway I ended up taking Campral rather than Naltrexone and am happy that I did. I still take it and will continue until I've got either 6 months or 12 months of continuous sobriety. ..I got my prescription on Friday the 8th of May then met a friend at the pub after work and drank like crazy. Didn't drink on Saturday for some reason. Drank a bottle of wine with dinner on the Sunday then Monday the 11th my last day of drinking went all out and my friend and I drank a stupid amount of vodka. I'd never had a hangover like I did on my day zero Tuesday the 12th of May. I literally had to go to the doctor because I thought I was going to die. He gave me some valium and told me it was withdrawal symptoms. That day I said to myself I'm never drinking again (not for the first time in my life). ..So I stopped drinking popping pills and posting on SD. Two weeks after I stopped drinking I realised I was not coping too well and was lonely as hell so even though it went against everything I believed in I decided to go to AA. This is going to sound crazy but I'm still not sold on AA but I have a sponsor and go to meetings 4 times a week now. It's something to do in the evenings I talk to other like minded people and I don't spend money when I'm there. I actually quite enjoy it these days which if you asked me if I'd ever say that 3 months ago I would have laughed in your face...I know I'm nowhere near out of the woods but fuck I love sobriety fuck I love not spending so much money on alcohol and fuck I love how much potential my future has for an awesome life! I'm going to do a Masters degree;  since I stopped drinking I have the motivation  the time and the money. I don't sit and stare at the TV and have arguments with people on Facebook every night anymore. ..I'd be lying if I said it was all good though. These past few weeks have actually been awful the hardest time I've had in my adult life. But not a single problem with my marriage or work would be at all better by drinking. I don't even know how I'd cope with how life is kicking me while I'm down if I was drinking.... I'm very fortunate that I'm able to tackle these problems with a clear head but I am working hard at it! ..While I try to do things and see people I am really bored a LOT of the time and I have no way to quickly change my mood the way drinking did. But the benefits of sobriety totally outweigh the perceived benefits of drinking a million fold. ..I think in the next three months I'm going to read the Alan Carr book again; I think my life is revolving around alcohol too much in AA more days than not and on SD every day... When I quit smoking I was happy that I stopped and moved on with my life. Why can't it be like that with booze? Not planning on going anywhere anytime soon but I'm hoping that in the coming months/years not drinking can be part of who I am not my sole focus in life.  ..To any newbies reading this I just want to say *embrace one day at a time/not drinking TODAY*. I HATED it so much at the start but the only times I've EVER considered relapse in these past three months are when I'm thinking "I *can't* drink ever again" not "For the sake of fixing my life I'm *choosing* not to drink today"...Thank you to everyone who has written a post that I've read who has commented on one of my (probably too frequent) posts has PM'd me or has upvoted a post that I've gone on to read. I don't know where I'd be if I hadn't found the /r/stopdrinking community! ..[*Three months and I'm still sober. Picked all my weeds but kept the flowers.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jNWHOf5gpA&t=0m48s)...**EDIT**: Thanks for all the love everyone! You guys are the best :D 
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck. Yes. You're my inspiration. 
Well done congratulations!
So proud of you /u/McLensky keep on keepin' on!
Huge congratulations! You're the first person who welcomed me to SD and made me feel like I wasn't alone in this. So thanks. You're a star!
You are AWESOME.  
You inspire me too. Thank you for sharing your trials and perspective. I find your posts uplifting and look forward to reading them.
Congratulations! So much for me here! Thanks.
Rooting for you fellow Tuesday quitter here. I'm really bored too which feels kind of embarrassing to admit. But I've tried the other ways and they're all bad. So I'll stick with boredom to find out what's on the other side..There's a tupac quote I see on tumblr..If you really have sunshine inside you it's not good to play in the .dark.
Thanks. Inspired me too. Challenges await but the rewards you have from not drinking you can keep and they don't ever go away.
You've got a similar number of days to me and I always like seeing your posts.  Most everyone here has either been where I am or will be one day and as such we can all relate but there's something nice about a seeing a similar day number that just reinforces that you're not alone - someone else is going through what you're going through *now*.  The specifics will vary from person to person but at the core here we are.  Congratulations on your three months.  Here's to another sober day that may not be perfect but will be worlds better than if we drank.
Congrats! Lots of good stuff in your post but I really like the contrast between..&gt; For the sake of fixing my life I'm choosing not to drink today..and..&gt; I *can't* drink ever again
Wtg and congrats ... a very thoughtful post I can learn a lot from that!!
I needed this today.  Thank you.
I'm SO PROUD OF YOU!!! Giant internet high five being sent your way!!!
&gt;I think in the next three months I'm going to read the Alan Carr book again; I think my life is revolving around alcohol too much in AA more days than not and on SD every day... When I quit smoking I was happy that I stopped and moved on with my life. Why can't it be like that with booze? Not planning on going anywhere anytime soon but I'm hoping that in the coming months/years not drinking can be part of who I am not my sole focus in life. ..AMEN. I'm struggling with the concept that I'm focused on my addiction most of the day whether I'm looking on this board whether I'm texting or talking with my sponsor reading the big book or the 12 and 12 talking to my wife about itjust plain thinking about it whatever it is I am CONSTANTLY focused on my sobriety. I too wish I could move on from the constant barrage of this way of thinking and living. It seems I spend way more time thinking about alcohol now than I did when I was drinking. Is it healthy to be so focused on not drinking? 
Congrats!!! So close behind you:)
Nice post and I like your advice to newbies. I want to get sober but forever keep reverting back to intoxication.
Congratulations!!!!
What a great post! Rock on!
Ohhhh I LOVE the weeding analogy - there's a lot of weeding initially and after that vigilance on the weeding front just to keep on top of any new weeds that pop up as some of those roots are buried deep. Enjoy the garden :)
What a gift you are Happy Birthday!
Congratulations! You are 20 days ahead of me and have been an inspiration. Keep up the good work!
You have such a great attitude about all this... I've really appreciated your contributions to SD.  Good work man.  
