-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gn0h1/getting_past_that_week_plus_change_mark/

i could use some advice.  i struggled at this point last year when i was quitting alcohol and i made it through but this time around has been harder... i know they say that relapsing back into anything then quitting again is often harder than the first time.  i'm at this point where i'm thinking "hey ok i've made it this long without drinking ONE won't hurt me now if i JUST keep it at one."..1. i know this is illogical..2. i know that this is just the addict mentality trying to break through...despite that.. it's strong and it won't go away. i've done yoga today i've knitted some and i've done some freelance work. it just won't quit.  help?
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered attending a support meeting? I call this "feeling squirrely" and when I'm in that place I find that the best way to get out of my head is to surround myself with my sober support network.
The comedian John Cheese documented himself giving up Alcohol on Youtube I have watched all of the videos over the past couple of days and he does a really good job articulating the thought process and covers this exact issue. ..He refers to it as giving yourself a safety net and talks about why it is bullshit. The [Day 235 Without Booze](https://youtu.be/OHQIAcyGrSE) video is a good example...Really recommend giving them a watch..https://www.youtube.com/user/juvenilecomedy/videos
The lie is that one will make anything better. For me one will never help. It will only make that little nagging urge become a raging hunger for another and another...*3 isn't that bad right? I mean I only had 3 the other night so I can do it again.* Then the buzz kicks in and that's what I was really going for anyway...that's what my mind was trying to coax me towards. It dangles the promise of just one but sooner or later I know I'll give in and it's back the same pattern of murky blurry days booze and sickness...Just get through today. You have done this part before and you can absolutely do it again. You don't want to have to take another run at Week 1. ..PM me if you need to talk but don't drink today. 
The way I always think of this is sober me can stick to just one beer.  Me with one beer inside me cannot stick to just one beer. You mental state now and after even one drink are different beasts.
In the beginning there were certain things that i had to repeat to myself in order to maintain some sort of sanity. First "cravings are temporary". Some are 5 minutes some are 5 hours. In either case it is not a feeling that will be with you for eternity. Second "I just need to make it until I lay my head on my pillow tonight and fall asleep." I always knew that I would wake up feeling a bit better and be proud that I made it another day. Trying to rationally get your head around things or figure out what is illogical is often a bad idea. Our thought patterns can't be trusted early on. It is those same rationalizations that led us to pick up a drink each previous time. The more you feed those thought patterns the more likely you are to end up back at the same place. To put an end to those kind of thoughts most use prayer or meditation. The key to either of these is to just have an outlet where you can let go of the control. Since I am not a religious guy I would just close my eyes and imagine venting all of the spinning thoughts into the universe to get them out of me. I would visualize the negative thoughts flowing out of my body into the sky. This became my meditation. With some practice it worked surprisingly well. The point is holding onto the thoughts and trying to think through them is not the answer. That is just giving more power to the craving by focusing on it. The answer is to find a way to let them go. Over time cravings become less until eventually they become almost nonexistent. I wish you the best. PS- You could just drop to the floor and shrimp away next time a drink ends up in front of you. (Sorry recognized the username from a different subreddit).
