-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3grgic/quitting_without_aa/

I've been in and out of AA since March 2014 while it's helped I just don't really like it...I've liked doing things alone pretty much my whole life I just want to know if anyone on here has had success getting clean and sober without AA...I realize people will say I was just "dry" but my longest period of sobriety was done without AA...I relapsed so I want to know if there's a way to maintain being dry/sober without AA...I just saw the warning about being banned and want to say I'm posting this sober.
----------immediate responses--------

I quit drinking and have never been to an AA meeting.  I think most people on here do not use AA (check out the survey results) but a good percentage do use AA and are successful. ..Obviously there is a way to remain sober without AA because AA has not been around forever (less than 100 years) and people have quit drinking throughout history.  ..There are many paths but I personally believe whether someone uses AA SMART their own recovery plan (like I did) - the key is to take action and change your life.  AA has that built into it with the 12 steps as well as the accountability and fellowship but that's not the only way by any stretch.
Not everyone uses AA for some it is a life saver for others it just may not be their cup of tea...I use the daily check in for accountability. Also my significant other and close friends are very supportive of my sobriety. ..Try different things you'll figure out a combination of support that works best for you.
There are certainly people here that have gotten sober without AA.  So it's definitely possible.  But getting and staying sober is an immensely personal thing.  So "not going to AA" isn't going to be a complete solution for you (probably)...Besides a recovery program many people have made big changes to their lives.  Some have changed jobs.  Some started exercising.  Some changed their habits (eating driving etc).  Some found hobbies and other activities to fill their time (instead of drinking)...Personally I like you tried AA.  I went to a dozen or so meetings over a month or more.  It just wasn't for me and I stopped.  I got into cycling.  After I started getting into better shape I started taking self-defense classes.  And I got back into tennis (hadn't played in 25 years).  I see a therapist who specializes in addiction and is a recovering addict herself.  I read some recovery books including the Allen Carr book in the sidebar.  I'm very mindful about my sobriety and how I feel about the things that happen to me related to it (how I feel when people around me drink or when I'm offered a drink or when I tell someone that I don't drink ...)...These things keep me sober.  So I don't think it has to be AA but I think it does take effort...Good luck.
&gt; I realize people will say I was just "dry"..They won't say that on this sub...Of course it's possible. That doesn't mean it's desirable for everyone.  Some people find it's much easier with a support group. Others don't need that.  It all comes down to you. Not what you want but what you need.
I also find it really easy to use the "we've all relapsed just get another chip" as an excuse to go out drinking again...
Hi! I focused on getting professional help.  I think professional help is very important.  It does not even have to be alcohol specific professional help.  Like for me I drank a lot because I had underlying issues and problems.  I got professional help from people who specialized in my underlying problems.  ..Definitely you can be sober without AA.  It helps to have supportive friends but those friends do not have to be in a recovery program or even in recovery...My friends who support me are not sober.  But they really support me being sober. I have had a lot of help from them.  ..I also made big changes to my life. I moved quit a job I hated focused on certain relationships but ended others.  ..It has been a ton of work. But it has not required AA.  
I don't really "enjoy" the meetings and as an introvert I don't really like the social stuff that comes before and after meetings - I actually HATE telling my private stuff to a sponsor...That all said I still go and I go because it's kept me clean and sober.  When I didn't go I was relapsing on a regular basis (every month or so after rehab) with AA I've managed over 4 years.
i have been alcohol-free since january 2014. i had been to meetings previously with my wife who has been sober since 2011. i found the culture there to be really self-negating and dogmatic. i felt that my decision to no longer drink alcohol was empowering not an admission of powerlessness and used it as a catalyst to change the other stuff in my life that led to me feel like i wanted to drink all the time. ..as for what i did do for my recovery i never had a plan or a goal other than to keep to a resolute commitment to stop harming myself and proactively make my life what i want it to be from that point on. i checked in here a lot particularly when feeling cravings and gleaned a lot of helpful information (HALT was huge for me). it also helped to feel less alone without having to buy in to an ideology i don't agree with at the door. sometimes all i needed to know is that someone somewhere was putting how i felt in those white-knuckle moments to words and a cautionary tale here and there about relapse was a good reminder that if i ever drink again i will pick up right where i left off. ..while i no longer check in here daily i stay vigilant and make the same commitment to not drink for today that a lot of AAers do. i also make it a point to make a short list each morning of the things i would not be able to appreciate were i still drinking. i'm definitely not knocking the AA approach; i think it's great for people who need that kind of community facetime and that sort of accountability to an outside agent to maintain a commitment to sobriety. i happen to not be one of those people (which absolutely does not make me special or above AAers in any way) and had to go it alone to deal with it in a way i could feel good about. it can be done but you have to be really honest with yourself about being ready to do it for real. good luck in your search for inner peace; it's there if you want it. 
Lots of people get sober without AA.  Research shoes that more people get sober without rehab/treatment/AA than those who use it.  I am personally an AA guy but I have no problem how you get sober.  (I do admit to getting a bit irked when people have preconceived ideas about AA and have never tried it).
i dont go to AA..not into being powerless over alcohol..it is ME who is keeping me from drinking no higher power involved..i did read the smart recovery book when i first quit that helped..i almost died from drinking over a liter of vodka a day every single day for over a decade..gave myself alcoholic hepatitis and a destroyed liver..went to hospital with no insurance to go die (i could feel my liver failing) had no intention of trying to quit..instead of letting me die they detoxed me medically for 2 weeks..somehow i started to get some liver function back..got out of the hospital and went to live with a relative who didnt drink..sat on the couch for 6 months trying to figure out how to live sober (it was brutal. pure hell with no escape)..6 months felt like 5 years when you are sober and awake for every hour of every single day. super weird how slow time moves when you can remember all of it..brain chemistry started to get back in line little by little (still have no idea how to live like a normal person)..finally felt up to it to get a job..working got me out of the house and around other people..brain improving slowly..becoming "me" again very slowly..im at about 85% now and it only took 11 months so far! ..no AA involved..its just me deciding not to buy any alcohol..it is getting easier every day..it definitely is possible..good luck amigo
I've been to one meeting. Things are going pleasurably. I use this forum and therapy primarily but I've also done a lot of footwork on my underlying triggers. For example working on my long standing depression with an antidepressant. I think it's all about growing up accountability &amp; getting your shit together.
/r/stopdrinking is my AA.
[deleted]
I sure as hell wouldn't want to but I'm sure there must be other ways. I've been in and out for the past year or so but in the past few months I've really plugged in with a home group I go to every day an awesome sponsor and an awesome sober support network and now I freaking love AA. It took me a long time to get to this point and actually start working the steps but yeah. I always thought I was an introvert and liked being alone - which is still true sometimes but it's such a relief knowing that I never *have* to go through this alone. Anyways if you've tried all that stuff and still not feeling it I truly do hope you can find something as awesome! But perhaps maybe it could still 'click' for you someday if you keep going back. It took me a damn long time.
I think it's possible to remain sober without AA. I've been recovering for about a year now sans AA and it's been mostly continuous sobriety. I've had a few relapses including a very recent one. When that happens I try to figure out what contributed to those relapses and then figure out ways to deal with those things in a positive manner. A phrase I've heard and one I think applies to many situations is "pick the right tool for the job." AA is just one of many ways people use to deal with their cravings triggers and other things that contribute to their desire to drink. I did not find AA to be an effective tool to help me stop drinking so I found others. SMART recovery CBT Allen Carr's book exercise and talking with a therapist are several tools I've personally used to keep moving forward on my sobriety journey. My journey has been largely successful without AA. But the key is I try to address the underlying causes that contribute to my desire to drink. AA can be one way to do that alone or in combination. It's not a way that jived with me but it can be for others...tl; dr - AA isn't the only game in town. Find what works to help you stay sober and do that.
I've made it 49 days so far without ever going to AA I do think it's possible to maintain sobriety without it. Although research shows that being a part of a community of people that are making a collective effort to stay sober is preferable to maintaining an individual's sobriety. If AA isn't your cup of tea then I'd suggest becoming involved in some kind of social group that encourages sobriety. I love SD it has helped me tremendously but having a group of friends I can visit in person has really come in handy. Getting sober can be lonely at times. 
