-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3grl3n/aa_without_a_sponsor/

Anyone here do AA without a sponsor?  I'm committed to getting sober again I had a good 34 days last time but now I've been drinking again and can't stop.  I had a bad experience with my last sponsor he saw me talking to a younger chick my age and constantly "warned" me about her even after I told him I'm just friends with her.  He even called me after midnight to ask me about it.  He told me I had to stop exercising so much because the release of endorphins would mess up my sobriety.  He was really controlling and manipulative he even "purchased" an expensive item from me promising to pay later but never actually doing so.  I can't stand this dude now and I know I'm going to see him at AA again (he goes to all the meetings).  I want to be sober but can't deal with another sponsor.  His shit actually kind of made me hate AA so I tried to stop going but I've relapsed and I know it's my only way to get healthy again.  
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I do. I had a sponsor but she was really pushy about the prayer thing. I'm atheist so I wasn't up for that.  I broke up with her after four volatile months. ..It's funny I just saw your post because I just came from a meeting that my ex-sponsor was at. Boy she hates my face.  Oh well.  ..You can definitely go to meetings and not get a sponsor. I'm not closed off to the idea forever but I am definitely gonna wait until I find someone who fits me better before I get another that's for sure. ..I don't even agree with the theology of the program and I don't believe in the steps but what I like about it is just meeting other people in recovery.  That's why I go. That's the only reason I go... 
If you're going to do the 12 steps you're only going to be able to do a thorough job with a sponsor to help you. I tried sponsoring myself and it was a joke not honest not thorough not very likely to succeed...Of course you're free to just hang out in meetings for a while. That's what I did for a long while. I didn't look for a sponsor until I decided I needed to start on the steps and I realized it wasn't working with me self-sponsoring. That was several months of just going to meetings and listening.
Yeah I found out from a friend that my sponsor was kicked out of another club for 13th stepping too many girls.  Now I know he's a manipulator and I can't trust anything he says.  Made me question all the shit I did before and makes me so mad at myself for trusting him.  I feel like a fool and I got played.  Makes me just want to drink more and not come back I know he will see me there knowing I relapsed and try to hold it over my head and make me feel like shit.  Shit now I don't even want to go to a meeting.
I'm sorry you had this experience.  People who are exploitative dicks should not sponsor of course it's not unusual for an AA meeting to have lots of people lacking basic insight.  So by all means just go and get support.
I've been told that most people won't take offense if you "fire" them as your sponsor and get a new one until you find someone who is a good fit (and if they do have a problem with it it's their problem not mine). 
After crying like a baby at my first meeting I literally asked the first person who came up to me to be my sponsor. This 'pseudo-sponsor' borrowed $150 from me when I was less than a month sober. Never paid me back of course. Screwed me up but good. I did the next 60 days or so on my own. I spent days 80 - 84 in the psych unit. When I was felt to no longer be a suicide risk and was discharged I found the willingness to reach out for a new sponsor. This time however I was careful to ask around for multiple opinions before choosing. My first real sponsor took me through all the steps and gave me tools I still use to this day. This was my experience. 
Quit focusing on this person so much and give it another try. This program is not designed to be effectivlely worked on your own. Ask around who might be a good experienced sponsor and try again. Alcoholism is a killer man. Don't risk trying it on your own.
People here think it's not necessarily wise to say this but I'm saying it anyway.  I made it through recovery without one AA outside of rehab and without ever a sponsor.  Things aren't just good they're much better than that.
I'm sorry you had to experience a shitty sponsor. My first sponsor was someone whom I did not trust as well and it really led me away from AA. Fast forward and I had a really tough going at life until I grabbed another sponsor and started working the steps. You can't really work the steps without a sponsor. My new sponsor is super bad ass with 17 years being sober. It is not always quantity = quality but generally it seems pretty safe to go with people who have longer term sobriety. He has a way of being that I am motivated to be like. He has been of tremendous help for me and I value having him in my life. I hope you don't let a bad apple ruin your journey into recovery. Look around and listen for a little bit and I'm sure you will find someone that attracts you. But really there is little point in going to AA and not doing the work and you can't do the work without a sponsor. The steps are the true program of recovery not just sitting in meetings. I hope you find another sponsor and really give working the steps a real shot what else do you have to lose? 
I guess what pisses me off most now coming back is that everybody knows my business.  I found out he's a real gossip... Of course AFTER I told him all my personal shit.
I had a sponsor for the first 18 months.  Since then I have been flying solo.  I am not sure if it is the best thing or if it is for everyone but it seems to work for me...Good luck to you.
I remember that post. Glad to see you're back. My partner and I sort of sponsor each other... unofficially of course. I think we were both at an equal level of disgust in ourselves plus some added (and much deserved) digust toward me by him. We do a good job of looking out for each other. I've never really sought out anyone else though. I bounce some questions off my Grandpa and my coworker who both have roughly 30 years of sobriety occasionally. I don't think I'd want THAT much formality though. I get my accountability through other means...I guess you should probably have a sponsor for stepwork. It takes me months if not years to feel that comfortable with someone. Bit of an introvert. If I used AA I don't know how I'd handle it. I'm definitely not an expert on this subject so I'm going to shut up now.
[deleted]
I tried to go it without a sponsor and kept relapsing. Got a sponsor I didn't click with (same kind of deal she was very 'black and white my way is the only way' kinda controlling and pretty much told me I should stay away from my boyfriend because he has more sobriety than I do) and still relapsed. Tried a new one this time around and I have completed my first real fourth step and looking forward to doing my 5th step this weekend! It's way better. I failed going it alone and I failed with a sponsor I didn't click with but I tried a new one and now I'm working the steps for real and it's great and I definitely couldn't do it without her! I'd suggest just keep trying to get to know potential sponsors until you find one you click with - they are definite not all the same!
1st sponsor tried to get me involved in a pyramid scheme....2nd sponsor fell in love with me then held me emotionally hostage....Went 4 years sans sponsor and almost drank....3rd sponsor worked with me for several years saved me from a drunken hell....I have had several sponsors since then and know several other 'old timers' who have also had several sponsors....I have also had terms without any sponsorship to speak of....Just remember we come to AA to learn how to live life on life's terms without drinking ourselves to death. Don't drink go to a meeting and try to relax. People like your ex sponsor have a habit of weeding themselves out..  
Looks like I'm not alone here. Just started going back to AA after 9 years out and I'm hesitant on the sponsor thing as well. My sponsor conned me out of $900. (Shame on her shame on me for falling for it.) After her sponsor found out a payment plan was set up but she only paid $200 back and I never heard anything from her again. So I'm just kind of hanging out for now and trying to balance between AA and other kinds of meetings. I'd really like to do this without that sponsor/sponsee relationship if possible...Note: I didn't go back out and drink because of what happened with my sponsor. I went back out and drank because I wanted to drink. Just making this clear as I don't want it to sound like an excuse for going back out.
You don't need to get a sponsor right away. AA is like a three-legged stool with the legs being meetings the 12 steps and sponsorship. You can go for a length of time balancing on two legs but unless you have all three on the ground you will eventually tip over. ..Remember that AA is full of sick people; it's a hospital not a society of saints. Take your time and look around to see who the people are who have what you want not the ones who just grandstand at meetings. Get someone who actually works the program and who also has a good sponsor. 
