-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h4tju/four_days_sober_again/

If you're looking at my flair and I've not yet changed it it would say 853 days sober today. Unfortunately I relapsed after 846 days and went on a 3-4 day binge and it was as terrible as it was the last time. I'm still trying to figure out why I did it but I'm feeling okay now. In a sense I feel like I lost everything. On the other hand I realize that isn't true. the sobriety counter is just that a number. Instead of being sober 853 of the last 853 days i've been sober 849 of the last 853 days. Nonetheless I'll be resetting my badge sometime today. It serves as a stark reminder of how close I  am from my last relapse...It's a great weekend and I'm happy to be sober!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I celebrate a 6 year anniversary this weekend (actually Monday) and I was saying at my Home Group this morning that this was my second time around.  I gave up 15 continuous years sober and I went back out.  My 7 years in relapse cost me nearly everything and almost my life.  It was hard to come back.  But here I am again with not quite 6 years.  I am so grateful.  ..Someone asked me why I relapsed and I attribute it to two things: 1. I harbored a reservation as to whether I really was an alcoholic afterall; 2. I stopped going to AA meetings.  I no longer have any doubt that I am an alcoholic.  I have a solid recovery program that is grounded in the [routines that I speak of at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)..Good luck to you as you resume your journey.
Shit dude. Don't beat yourself up. That shit happens man. You should be even more prouder of the fact you know you fucked up and are jumping straight back to it. I have more respect for you stopped after the bender and though "man I fucked up. Better get back to it" then I do for one big period without. Well done man. 
Thanks for posting. I hope you find the answers you need. I'm glad you're sober and happy to be so too!
I never lose. Either I win or I learn...Welcome back :)
I think days w/o a drink is to sobriety as the Dow Jones index is to the US economy. It's an easy number to blurt out but it does not really tell you that much. Welcome back to the wagon.
Relapse is part of the process. So is forgiving yourself. Back on track and wiser I'm sure. Be good to yourself...
That really sucks but I guess no use crying over spillt milk. I guess the important thing now is what you choose to do.  Things can always get worse. Right now its a 4 day binge relapse. If that's all it turns out to be than that really isn't that big of a deal. Some people relapse for years. I hope that's not what happens.
I can sense your confidence. There is no self pity only determination..You lost your sobriety for a few days but you didn't lose the strength that buttressed you throughout your 853 days.
