-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h5sm2/how_did_you_make_staying_sober_stick/

I'll be 23 next month and I've been on and off trying to get sober for the past 2 years or so. I managed to quit all drugs since maybe November with a relapse in May  but I haven't  been able to stop drinking/stay totally sober for longer than 2 months (including 1 month of rehab) during that time. Most of my tries have lasted less than a week....It is day 1 again today and it feels like I've had so many day 1s that this won't be my last. I struggle with committing to not drinking then a switch in my head just flicks and I'm headed to the store picking up some booze almost automatically. I also struggle with being young and trying to stay sober and thinking of spending the rest of my life sober....I know that that's not the right attitude to take and I'm supposed to focus on one day at a time but that feels hard for me especially focusing on today while also planning my future. I have tried AA in the past but I wasn't a huge fan and felt like I didn't fit in well there. And I'm not the type of person to share my feelings in front of a big group of strangers....Another problem I have is that I'm not as bad as I used to be when I used to use and drink from when I woke up to when I passed out. I've cut down a lot but still drink alcoholically nearly daily. It sounds horrible to say this but sometimes I think I'll have to get worse before I have more motivation to get better but I'm scared of what will happen if I get worse......I got a bit rambly so I'll finish off with my main question. When you got sober what do you think made it work for you? How did you stick to it especially if you had tried and failed many times before? And if you're newer what are you doing to stay with it now?.
----------immediate responses--------

For me obtaining real recovery didn't start until I accepted that I might have to do things that I didn't like or want to do to stay sober. I had tried and failed many times and nothing that *I* could come up with worked. Opening myself up to trying and doing things that are difficult don't make sense or challenge what I think I know and believe is the only way that I've found to start recovering and to start healing.
I made a $10000 bet with a friend of mine that whoever drank first in a year owed the other one. After about 4 months something clicked and I realized I liked being sober. 
My life became so miserable that continuing to drink was more painful than embracing sobriety. 
Took the option off the table. It was really quit or die trying. But before long it stopped being a stuggle. Now it's just normal for me I'm simply a nondrinker.
