-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h5tx8/tough_realities_of_early_recovery/

At 9 days sober I'm more vulnerable than ever but also more committed. I'd spent 60 days in treatment in denial the whole time I had a problem came home and relapsed. After recent events something clicked and now I accept the reality and am ready to begin the work recovery takes. ..The biggest challenge is getting the people close to me to hear me when I try to explain why this time is different. I don't blame them for not trusting me. I know I can only prove myself with time. Tonight I was going to stay with my younger sister. She didn't trust me to take my own car because she "couldn't control any stops I made" as if it's her job to. ultimately she decided she was scared to have me stay with her because I might start drinking. This is the reality of recovery I suppose. It hurts. I want to ask for more credit from the people close to me but I can't ask for anything from anyone. I don't want them to think I'm their responsibility. Me making good choices and getting my shit together is for me to worry about and no one else. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;It hurts...Yeah it does. I remember the look my parents gave me after 35 days of inpatient...they wanted to believe I was better...but there was a long road ahead...Hang in there.
Keep making those good choices. They will come around sooner or later. Congrats on 9 days!
'The biggest challenge is getting the people close to me to hear me when I try to explain why this time is different. '..You don't have to explain anything.  Actions speak louder than words...Keep doing what you're doing they'll notice the difference and the most important person to notice...is you.
You've got the right idea. Recovery is a blow to the ego in of itself and for me personally I get reminders of that daily from the people and places caught up in the wreckage of my past. It's uncomfortable but a good reminder that we have a day a time to work on rebuilding trust but we don't have to do it all in that one day :)  
