-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h8wxy/got_an_owi_friday_night/

I've been a lurker here for quite awhile obviously this is kind of a throwaway but I'll probably continue to use it for this sub reddit.  I've read a lot of posts like this and thought that would never happen to me!..I was in my car sleeping because I had been drinking and didn't want to drive home.  State Police came had me exit the vehicle and arrested me for OWI.  ..To any that aren't aware as I wasn't if you are sleeping in your vehicle you are still technically able to operate that vehicle.  This means you can still be arrested.  IMO that is pretty shitty but it is what it is.  ..I know I drink too much and too often but I don't drink and drive.  I had been out with a friend and she dropped me at my car and I decided I'd just sleep.  TBH now I wish I had just driven home even though everyone says what a bad idea that is.  I know that is a bad idea but if I were going to get charged with OWI anyhow I would have rather taken my chances in retrospect...That being said I'll never ever put myself in this position again.  I thought I was doing the smart thing the right thing and I'm still being punished.  ..I'm not trying to sound like a victim cuz I'm not.  This is my own fault and I accept it.  What I have a hard time accepting is the fact that I think it is a bunch of B.S...Anyhow I've never been in trouble before and my lawyer says I *may* have a chance at getting a lesser charge.  Mostly I'm just worried about my job and can't believe I was so flipping naive and stupid...I do drink too much hence why I've been lurking here for so long.  My Mom always says things happen for a reason so maybe this is my wake up call to sober up and join AA/ some alcohol anon group as well as out patient rehab...Now I'm thinking maybe one day I would have been like nah just drive home and killed someone or myself.  Or maybe my liver would go I don't know.  ..I've been struggling with the idea that I might be an alcoholic for awhile now maybe this is what I needed to get me to seek help since I obviously haven't quit on my own...I just hope that I don't lose my job.  At this point that is all I care about.  I also hope that I don't have to go to jail or that if I do they let me do it during some hours of the day which I've read online they sometimes do.  Bonjour!  The internet...If I do happen to get out of this by some sweet luck I'm going to be forever thankful...My arraignment is Sept 2nd I'll be posting a x days and still not drinking (I hope) soon...I read a MEME the other day with the Simpsons where Homer tells Bart this isn't the worst day in your life...it is your worst day so far.  I truly hope this is the worst day(s) and that my good Karma (I'd like to think I'm a good person I help out my neighbors etc.) will help me out.  I may be silly but I really do believe Karma is a thing...Once again thanks for reading.  I hope you all send me your best luck/wishes/prayers/thoughts I'll take anything...Thanks for reading.  It felt good to let it out.
----------immediate responses--------

you were sitting in your car passed out and didn't realize that was illegal?
I didn't know you could get charged for that no good deed goes unpunished I guess. Friggin life eh? Seeing as how you don't have a record I'm sure they'll be a little more lenient. Best of luck to you sending positive thoughts your way from Canada!
Driving down the interstate late at night going well over the speed limit and passed the State Trooper. Of course he pulled me over and I was pretty rattled....stone cold sober but still rattled.  Let me go with a warning..This was a dress rehearsal for what a REAL speeding ticket would feel like. So I slowed down.  Kept the warning between the seats for quite a while to remind me...You may not get a DUI out of this...but you have a pretty good idea of how it might feel.
[deleted]
Glad you made the decision not to drive. In my opinion driving home after drinking could have led to outcomes far worse than getting an OWI including property damage severe injuries and death...I hope it works out for you and the judge looking at your clean record gives you a pass or lowers the charge.
