-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ha423/its_not_just_what_alcohol_took_from_me_its_what/

Day 225: Kitten has not imbibed. I try to do my morning mantra-I am an alcoholic but I love myself am working a solution 3rd step I won't drink today. Knowing I won't drink today has kind of become a given but on some days I've got to repeat it to myself lol. ..Kitten is still around SD lurking reading and sometimes commenting but I'm not as interactive as I used to be. Life has become good somewhat stable despite a lot of changes happening. One thing that hasn't changed: I am still an alcoholic. I still have to work at my sobriety everyday except sometimes it's more subconscious than conscious work but it's still working for it. ..Some days I'm really fearful not about whether or not I'll drink that day but rather that my brain will start acting wacky and going off on its own tangents. It's when it does these things that the thought of drinking starts to creep in. Alcoholism is but a symptom for me my brain is just miswired and I've got to work everyday to make sure it doesn't short circuit. I'll do anything I need to do to keep the wires right because I already know what will happen if I don't: I'll drink...I was reading an article about someone else's alcoholism earlier and something she said struck me. She said she thought that she hadn't hit a rock bottom like others did: didn't lose her job her home her family etc. but she didn't lose those things because she didn't have those things to lose. Her alcoholism kept her from having those things. That struck a cord with me. ..Up until January 3 2015 I didn't realize I didn't have anything worth losing...yet. I thought I had a life that alcohol was just "supplementing" the "good" things in my life. There were good things but in reality alcohol was just keeping me down keeping me from having a lot of other amazing things. My alcoholism was keeping me from having a life a career a home a spouse a family etc. I resigned myself to thinking that *no one* could love me and that I was just destined to be alone or that I would just choose to be with not so good men. That life was just short brutal and harsh then you die. My alcoholism kept me from having a lot to lose and kept me from having a lot to give. ..I guess I say this because sometimes I think I need to hit a certain bottom to "lose" it all. In reality the bottom hit may be just not be going up or anywhere simply maintaining. Only surviving. I talked to my sponsor the other day about not being on that pink cloud anymore that things are just kind of "eh". She asked me if I think I didn't hit my bottom yet and I think sometimes my disease tries to tell me I didn't...even though there were so many bottoms before this last time that I could have just picked another drinking episode to find the bottom I thought appropriate. But I'm beginning to realize that maybe my bottom wasn't what my alcoholism took from me it's what it has prevented me from having both outside of me and inside of me. I may not have had a lot on the outside to lose but losing my self-esteem the love I had for myself and feeling like the worst person on the planet were by far the worst things my alcoholism took from me or prevented me from having again. I will do what I need to do to get those precious things without loving myself and feeling worthy I will relapse. ..I've got 225 days and it's been great (not to be confused with being easy). I've gone through lots of changes feelings and phases. And sometimes it's not so much life that changes that it got easier but it was my perspective and attitude towards it that changed. It may not have seemed to get better but I've learned accept that maybe that thing just wasn't in the cards for me. I have faith that not having that will open the door for something greater later on in life. I never thought in a million years I'd have that perspective or that I'd have any faith.  ..Thanks for reading fellow Sobies and SD'ers. I hope everyone is well and stay safe out there. Kitten out. 
----------immediate responses--------

As always kitten your updates are packed with so many good ideas. Reading them sends my mind racing off to wander around. That's a good think/think. I'm trying to decide what strikes me the most today and I'll just pull this out:..&gt; my bottom wasn't what my alcoholism took from me it's what it has prevented me from having
Well that brought me to tears on a Monday morning before I step out the door for work. Those things that you haven't let yourself have yet because of your alcoholism? They're there waiting for you...maybe not straight ahead in your path but they are there my friend. Open your heart and they will find you. Love to you as you start your week anew. :-)
Thank you kitten this gave me a lot to think about today. Keep at it!
