-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hbrvo/a_big_thanks_to_everyone_sharing_and_commenting/

I was sober for about the last 4 months after a very lengthy period of daily binge drinking and blacking out. I had my first encounter with relapsing on Saturday and felt horrible. I truly felt defeated alone and honestly scared about how I would handle it almost assuming I would drink yesterday and keep going since what was the point after failing. I found this sub and read a lot of posts and comments (and made a post myself). They really helped me realize that I needed to keep trying and taking it day by day. I did not feel alone and did not feel like a failure after reading stories and advice from others. Many of you prob dont realize how much of a difference your posts make. I just wanted to thank everyone who postscomments etc. It helped me big time and made my mistake not feel like the end of the world. I don't know if I could have handled trying to be sober yesterday if it wasn't for some of the kind words advice and experiences I read. Thanks again everyone
----------immediate responses--------

You are the man Bro!  You got this.  And yeah all the posts and stories and advice have made finding sobriety a lot easier.  Helps us realize we aren't alone in this.  A day at a time we will make it!
And thank *you* for sharing! There are folks that don't want to post or comment often thinking they have nothing to add or their thoughts at the moment aren't really significant.  It's posts like yours that prove everyone has something to contribute and there is usually someone that can take something positive away from it. 
Relapsing is one of the worst feelings I've ever experienced for sure. But in retrospect I feel it was a necessary part of my recovery because the first time I quit I truly didn't think I had a problem (or much of one anyway.) After I relapsed I realized that yes I do have a problem and it was a big one. ..Remember that the four months of sobriety you had didn't just disappear that's still a part of your life and of who you are. ..With my relapse I took it as an opportunity to seek help (from here and from an inpatient centre) and learn how to prevent future ones. So far so good. 
I'm glad you're back at it.  
