-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hheic/so_how_ya_doin/

Today's topic at my AA meeting was just that.  "How's it going?"  ..I happened to be first in the circle and of course had to rehash my recent weekend-long relapse.  Womp Womp Wooooooomp.... ..But it was great to just get things off my chest and it was great to hear what these other people I have come to know in the last few weeks were going through.  There were a few other newbies and some serious old-timers.   To paraphrase Tyler Durden's experience at the cancer support meetings it felt like everyone was actually listening and not just waiting for their turn to talk.  ..So I ask you SD how ya doin?
----------immediate responses--------

You jumped What's Up Wednesday!!  ..Today I'm looking forward to getting out of work and walking my pent-up pooches now that the temps have come down a little. Cook some Shephard Pie for din then settle in for a Minecraft-a-marathon. Till bed... Then I get to get up and do it all over again tomorrow. Life is good!  ..Oh! I also removed overdraft protection on my bank account today. We're a bit broke and told SO I want to prevent any unforeseen charges. I honestly just figured out that I've been conspiring against myself to fanagle some wine or beer so I'm removing the possibility. 
Tyler Durden didn't have cancer and was abusing those people's good graces. We get people like that here too.  They pretend to have a drinking problem because they like attention.  Fuck those people.  It's nothing to glamorize. ..
[deleted]
AWESOME! 564 days next to my star. That's my best ever! ..Not to mention the fact that a month ago we welcomed our new daughter. Life is coming up roses right now which has become my new addiction. I'm addicted to the positivity in my life right now. I want more of it. I want that 564 to keep climbing. I want it all!...Except a drink. I don't want that. I don't need that. I've got everything I need already.
It is going pretty shitty but I am sober so I got that going for me which is nice.
[deleted]
Not good...Depression is suffocating me...so you can guess how things are going...Otherwise the kids are getting ready for school and I am stressing because our youngest will be going to "the big school" now...and I don't know how to deal with that...Sigh. :(
[deleted]
Anxious because today is day 1 and my wife will be home soon pouring herself a drink.
I am going fabulously today thank you for asking!..Yesterday I learnt about the 'pink cloud' which I am definitely in the midst of! It really worried me because I'm scared of relapsing once things start to normalise. It's an important thing to recognise but it freaked me out a little. Then someone in the IRC told me it's silly to not enjoy a positive feeling just because it might end at some arbitrary point in the future. So I'm working on living in the now and just being aware that I need to continue being vigilant in my sobriety...Aside from that - I'm going out to breakfast with a friend soon so BACON! 
Schoolwork is leaving me feeling just a tiny little bit like I'm suffocating but otherwise I'm feeling excellent. Waking up without a hangover is my favourite thing.
