-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hlmdl/30_day_progress_report_thoughts/

Wanted to send out a quick "thank you" to this community. This is one of the brightest corners of Reddit. I've mostly lurked here and in the past I've posted sporadically under a different account. But my visits here always leave me with new insight and encouragement...I've tried and failed to get to this point many times before so 30 days is a big milestone for me. My advice (for what it's worth coming from someone so early in sobriety) is to not try to white knuckle your way through this alone. For so long I didn't want to be real and honest about this struggle with anyone in my life. I was so ashamed. Now that I've let some people in on my journey I have an invaluable support system without whom I'd never have made it even to this point. ..So for some that might mean courageously stepping into AA or a similar support group. This community at /r/stopdrinking can most certainly help too. For me it's working through a program with my therapist and a few people whom I call close friends. Finally admitting that I couldn't do this alone has made a world of difference. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Finally admitting that I couldn't do this alone has made a world of difference...Huzzah! That was the turning point for me too! No more shame. No more embarrassment. I spent so much time and effort hiding my drinking. It went against every fiber of my being to start asking for help but the more I reach out the stronger I get.
&gt; to not try to white knuckle your way through this alone. ..Yes! Like you I tried this for years. It didn't work. Seeking help was the best thing I did for my sobriety. 
Being honest with the people I was closest to was huge for me. Kinda' like saying I am all in with this sobriety thing no bullshit about "drinking less" anymore. ..For those that are hesitant to take this step I will let you in on a secret. *They probably already know you have a drinking problem and will most likely be glad to hear you admit it*. It wasn't a big secret at all but getting it out there was a huge relief.
30 days is motherfucking huge...Well done.
Thank you /u/buster_86 for being a participant in this community.
Congrats from a sobriety twin! Hugs! 
