-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hsua4/bit_of_an_awakening/

Sorry I'm sure this sub gets a lot of this...I'm posting this under an alt account because of one of my best friends knows my regular and I'd be mortified if he found out what I'm about to tell you...I've been wanting to stop drinking for a while but never had the push to do it until last night. I went out for a few beers with some friends. Anyone who knows me a few beers turns into a night out...Normally I really struggle to sleep at night unless I get a good buzz going I'm sure a lot of posters are in a similar boat...Anyway. Yesterday I went out for a few beers obviously turned into a session. At the end I wasn't too bad bit of a buzz going but nothing out of the normal. All of a sudden I kept blacking out like I've never done this before. Proper "shit where did that last 5 minutes go". with one of my friends slapping my face waking me up in the middle of the street. Again I wasn't overly drunk not sure where the blackouts came from. I did it about 3 times. ..Now the embarrassment came from the last one where I shit myself. Obviously I'm not proud of it and had to act cool like nothing happened all the way home in the taxi cleaned myself up but I took that as a moment where I need to sort myself out. ..Bottom line is I didn't feel that drunk. Been much worse many times. No idea why I blacked out and ultimately shat myself.. :\..So yeah I'm sorry I've never really done this before so I don't really know what to do but I want to be sober and not rely on drink as a sleep aid and I guess as not a laxative.. ..:(..If this gains any kinda of traction I will probably start posting under my usual username..  
----------immediate responses--------

The usernames aren't important you are. 
I would visit my family doctor tell him what's going on and what happened to you...I'd also stop drinking alcohol and seek whatever help was necessary in order to succeed...
 I know towards the end of my drinking it kept seeming like bizarre things were happening to me. Nope I was causing them! I was drinking so much I was pissing the bed regularly I'm 33.  But I would think oh it wasn't that much this didn't happen before. And I would keep at it and sure enough it kept happening.  I'm happy to say a little over a year later and I am still potty trained. No more unsolved mysteries.
That moment when you shit yourself? That is your body (and brain) telling you to stop...And you aren't alone in having shit (or peed) on yourself. No shame. But figure out why it happened. You know.
