-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3huhto/i_am_nervous_about_a_long_flight_i_have_to_take/

I am very nervous about a long international flight I have to take in two weeks...I have taken a long international flight since being sober so I have already done this successfully once. But I was terrified that time several months ago and now I'm terrified all over again anyways even though I have done it before.  ..What can I do about the flight? What can I do about my anxiety about the flight? ..I am so nervous too because I have to go back to my home city. I did everything I could to avoid it but I have somethings I have been putting off for too long already that I have to be there to do.  ..I cut ties with my "friends" when I left (just by not speaking to them anymore and now it's been a year) and I'm nervous I'll run into them accidentally.  The memories too of the old place freak me out...What if I relapse because I'm back in that same environment?..I am very nervous about having to go back into that same environment.  What can I do about this?
----------immediate responses--------

Try to go into the flight/trip with a positive mindset. Don't worry too much about it now take it day by day as each day comes. The best advice I've ever learned is to live in the moment not the past or future. You'll be calm and centered if you do so and also more prone to handle any situation that you're faced with. Good luck. :)
[deleted]
I will be in the EXACT same situation as you in a month's time. It's already stressing me out because one part of me is planning a relapse and the other part is telling me I can do it (not drink I mean) and trying to emphasize all the positives (which far outweigh the negatives). ..I'm a bit embarrassed to keep typing this but I had 16 years of sobriety at one time and I had NO problem going home (from USA to UK) and not drinking. Last year I visited my Bestie in Australia and virtuously didn't have a drop on the 18 hour flight +airport layover. (I DID have a hangover from the night before though...and the minute I got to her house we were straight at it).  Because I then went back and kept on dipping my toes in the water the demon is telling me "Look that's just what you DO when you go home now! You go to the pub! You have a takeaway and some booze to go with it! You go shopping with your sister and then you stop in for a G&amp;T before you go home. Yeah you MIGHT stay till closing time but hey you're on holidays right?" ..I'm sorry for hijacking your thread-I just want to let you know how much I relate to your story and I will be very interested in the replies and helpful hints you get because I am also going to need all the help I can get.
Here's how I handle anxiety about some future event travel vacation or even dreaded events that loom: I am not going to drink TODAY no matter what.  Tomorrow I plan to make the same resolution.  Eventually my travel vacay dreaded event may or many not happen--on that day I plan that I will not drink on that day too.  ..In other words staying in the now is a plan for life...PS: When I travel I love going to out of town AA meetings it breaks me out of the travel bubble and makes me feel like I'm home wherever I go.  Plus some of my best AA war stories come from travel-connected meetings like when I sat next to the 400+ guy who had on a too small t-shirt that said: *Tight Butts Drive Me Nuts* one night in Springfield Mass while I was enroute to Cape Cod.
You could visit your doctor and if it's right for you he could prescribe a single anti-anxiety medication for the flight down and a single pill for the flight home.
