-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3huje8/im_terrified_of_alcoholism/

Hello my name is A and I think that I am an alcoholic. I am sure that this sub receives a lot of posts like this but I am just going to put one out there anyway because I am desperate and it is apparently not against the sub's rules. ..I am not drunk but I have been hung over for about two days (I hope that isn't against the rules). I am a heavy drinker and I come from a family of heavy drinkers. On my father's side my grandfather died because of problems related to drinking; also on my father's side my uncle committed suicide on a drunken bender by hanging himself when he was 23. I have been told that perhaps alcoholism runs in the genes (I am also Asian and Native American so maybe it's just bad luck). ..My entire life I have struggled with anorexia anxiety insomnia (not related to drinking) and depression. I drink pretty much every day or at least every other day. The anorexia part is very real for me and an entirely different subject but my drinking has gotten to the point where I just stopped caring about my weight and my overall health in general. I am what I guess is considered to be a "functioning alcoholic" at least in the sense that I go about my daily routine job etc mostly without error even though I am almost constantly drinking. I try my best to hide this behavior but lately that hasn't been working very well. ..I don't know if I am going to get anything out of posting this. I think I am just posting this because I am scared I have done a lot of horrid shit while wasted and no matter how much I try and escape these feelings I can't. I have told myself over and over again that I am not going to drink but I never end up making it past a few days. ..I also haven't actually told anyone about this drinking problem before. This is probably a very half assed attempt to just reach out. To anyone really. I'm sorry if posts like this are against the rules. I'm just scared of my drinking. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for reaching out.   Alcoholism is a scary word until you understand it and own it. ...Did you go into treatment for your anorexia?
In recovery from both ED and alcohol issues. Feel for you. Reaching out is important. The thing about 'acknowledging there's a problem is the first step' isn't just a cliche it's where everyone starts. 
&gt; my drinking has gotten to the point where I just stopped caring about my weight and my overall health in general..Oh yeah.  I was there.  Towards the end of my drinking I was drinking every day.  I didn't really care anymore if I had a heart attack.  I was almost 300 pounds.  My blood pressure was through the roof.  I was eating poorly.  And the only exercise I got was lifting the handle of vodka to pour myself another drink...The good news here is that sober life is really great.  I have a jam-packed social life.  I exercise and eat well.  I got my weight down to a reasonable level (at one point I was too skinny and put some weight on -- now it's just a balancing act)...I have friends.  We go out and do things (dinners game nights walking around town movies concerts parties ...).  A lot of people think alcohol is liquid courage but I've been more courageous doing things like karaoke or talking to total strangers since quitting than I ever did drinking...My relationships improved.  My work has improved.  I'm generally happy (which I could never had said before)...Sobriety wasn't especially easy though.  Not at first.  But I did my best to find many tools to help me.  I used SMART Recovery's toolbox (and some meetings).  I went to some AA meetings.  I've been seeing a therapist for 3 years (she specializes in addiction and is a recovering addict herself).  I've read several recovery-related books (including the one in the sidebar by Carr).  I have frequent honest discussions about sobriety with my wife (who does still drink but she doesn't have a problem)...Putting in the hard work and suffering through the difficulties of sobriety for about 8 months really paid off.  Around month 8 things really turned around.  I started to feel a lot more comfortable being out and about with other drinkers.  I was able to easily turn down drinks as offered.  I became proud of my sobriety and was no longer embarrassed to tell people I don't drink *anymore*...Good luck to you.  I hope you find what you're looking for.
Welcome /u/konradosho to /r/stopdrinking.  I didn't find it all that necessary to describe myself as an alcoholic as much as I just needed to get a plan in place to stop drinking.  That's what I did when I [discovered the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Simple sober things I could easily do every day.  With some time sober I was able to figure out a path forward.  Good luck to you.
You are not alone. I'm so happy that you recognize some of these things as being a problem...Do you know what you want to do about it? There is more advice than you'd believe on here. But making a plan could be the best thing!
Everyone here is giving great encouragement and I echo their sentiments. I just wanted to point out a small thing that I don't know if you even noticed: ..Go back through and read your language in reference to your drinking. Interesting isn't it! ..I did the same thing. I would start by saying I had a problem that I didn't know if I did that maybe I drank too much I mean every day isn't so bad when it's bad it's constant constant is scary--BUT--I am definitely functional. ..I love that you are here. Please please stay!! I just wanted to say that one of the ways I noticed I had a problem was in the way I talked about alcohol. It was something I used something I needed something I was never honest to myself about as per quantity or my quality of life with it. ..Welcome. If I can help pm me. I wish you the best!
Welcome!..You're not alone. I'm in recovery from eating disorders (thankfully many years back now). I'm nearly a year sober and I'm committed to staying that way. I've not experienced depression since getting sober. I'm working on my anxiety and skin picking with CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy). I'm attending SMART recovery to help support my sobriety and picking. I've found this sub invaluable. ..I knew I needed to stop as my health was impacted. Sticking with sobriety is allowing me to move forwards in my life. It's hard especially at first but worth it to get my life back.
Welcome and Thank You.  Many of my problems seem to have the same root. I tend towards extremes with no real "off" switch.  Over-eating drinking work...I tend not to do anything with moderation.  Easier to call it alcoholism.  The 2nd day of a hangover is such misery that I fear it as much as many of the other consequences I know await if I go back to drinking.  Terrified?  Yes.  Among the gifts of sobriety has been the fact that I NEVER have to have another hangover.  While I still struggle with demons drinking was easily the most destructive and the most 'easily' resolved. Ha easy....all that was required was for me to stop drinking.  Then change everything else about my life too.  The alternative was death or incarceration of one type or another.  ..You are among friends here.  In one way or another we have all tread the same path.  My route includes AA as it is available and works.   No longer do I have the impending sense of doom I have hope and my health tools to deal with the rest of my life and a sense of optimism...These are all available to you.  Welcome
My advice would be to find something new in your life a new habit or new environment that allows you to get away from the habit of drinking.  For me I started running and moved 1000 miles away from home.  The running creates goals and incentives to stay sober.  It also is deeply therapeutic and feels awesome.  .The moving away allowed me to escape the environment where drinking was so prevalent.  In my new home I'm around more children and less drinking adults.  I have a new state to explore and it's a really fun place so I'm busier and having fun in different ways...I realize those are sort of band-aids on the problem but they work for now.  I'm not 100% sober but my drinking habits have changed drastically.  It's been an amazing learning process and I feel so much better now because of it.  Your life can be dramatically different if you want it to be this is the first step where you admit there's a problem and then can look at how to fix that issue.  You analyze your emotions your shame your disappointments and begin to tackle them head on instead of drinking them away.  ..Hugs from Utah.
All posts like this are welcomed. You have to start somewhere and venting your thoughts and feelings is a good place to start
Welcome A. I'm very happy that you are here. From my experience this sub can be very helpful. It got me started on my sober journey.  Before I made over 10 days I failed so many times... I know that stoping is not easy and I'm not the right person to give an advice what to do - but don't be afraid to reach out. You will be surprised by the positive and honest feedbacks on your baby steps towards your recovery - you are not alone on this journey.
I can't tell from your post if you are concerned with the word or the reality of it.  (Or both which is totally understandable)..I don't ever refer to myself conversationally as an alcoholic and I honestly don't spend any time thinking about whether I should.  It isn't a useful word as far as I'm concerned so I don't use it.  ..On the other hand my mom has 10 years in AA and she'll call herself an alcoholic to anybody who drives past her car slow enough to hear it.  ..Whatever works on the self-labeling as far as I'm concerned.  ..I used to drink two bottles of wine every day.  And now I don't. And shit is SOO much better.  There is a ton of good stuff in this sub to help you figure it all out.  But don't let the label get in your way.  My suggestion is to read as much as you can here.  Great job posting.  Keep doing it.  It helps sooo much.  
Hi A!..First of all it's an incredibly HUGE step to reach out and ask for help so you should be extremely proud of yourself for that! A lot of people (myself included) wait until it's absolutely necessary to get help when a bottom is hit. So hey you're awesome...Second I can relate to so many things you talked about almost everything. I was also terrified of being an alcoholic...my uncle died from it and it runs on my mom's side. I knew in the back of my mind that I was pretty sure I had a problem...but I was terrified of finding out for sure and being *labeled* as one you know? After I hit my bottom and got my shit in order I learned to accept the term. It won't define you you have a disease and you're literally allergic to alcohol. There's nothing wrong with that!..I have also struggled with depression anxiety and eating disorders. I also have an addiction to self harm. I've gone through cycles of cutting bulimia depression and alcohol abuse. My sobriety count (which is 100 days today yay!!) also includes all of those other things :). I went to a treatment center and learned a ton about myself which was really helpful. My depression got worse because I was drinking so much and I was drinking so much because my depression got worse. Vicious cycle. Well these past 100 days I feel so GOOD! My anxiety and depression have gotten sooo much better it's crazy. And now my meds are actually doing what they're supposed to do! It's a wonderful thing. Admitting your problem and seeking help is such a wonderful thing all around. I wish you the best of luck friend! :)..Sorry this got so long!!
What if you just didn't drink for the weekend? Forget about the rest of your life just try the weekend...Does that sound doable? For me I just take it one day at a time.
Bad ass post.  Love the honesty :)  ..What's your goals concerning drinking?  Are you wanting to moderate?  Have you tried moderation and were unsuccessful?  If so it may be a good idea to get a game plan together to help you quit.  I would start by hanging out here a lot and reading all the posts/comments.  Also don't think about quitting forever.  Just today.  Don't drink today come back tomorrow and read more posts.  Don't drink tomorrow.  Just keep doing that for a little bit.  
Welcome to SD! This is an excellent place to talk about your feelings and your fears. Please stick around.
if it wasn't okay to post here hungover I think a lot of us would never have started talking here (myself included) so don't worry about that ;)..Personally I don't put a lot of stock in labels like alcoholic- for me it's much more about just recognizing that alcohol is causing problems for you and therefore deciding to remove it from your life. Pretty much everyone here (me included for sure) has had horrible nights multi-day hangovers and has felt scared about what alcohol was doing to their health relationships and overall well-being. ..It sounds like you've recognized that alcohol is causing problems for you and you've taken the first step towards stopping by reaching out in this sub. That's not easy to do and I'm glad you're here :). I know how scary alcohol and the aftermath can be but all you have to do is to decide to not drink *today*. Then tomorrow you can make that choice all over again. ..I may only be on day 8 but I've lurked in this sub for a lot longer than that and it really is a great group of people. One thing that's helped me a lot is checking in here at least once per day. Even if all I do is read I come away feeling better about things and more confident that I'll manage to not drink today. ..So congrats on taking the first step and be sure to check in here often. No matter how scary things seem now everyone here knows what it's like and we're all in this together. ..You can do this!
Every Alcoholic is a functional alcoholic until they aren't.
Hello - you are not alone. You've taken a brave step by posting this and if you can take more brave steps then you can radically improve your life...It does sound like you are an alcoholic. Unfortunately it does tend to run in families. I don't think anyone knows if that it nature or nurture but I suspect it's both. Please don't take my word for it though: [try this quiz.](http://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/is-aa-for-you-twelve-questions-only-you-can-answer) It's anonymous so answer honestly. It should help clarify your thinking about your drinking...I tried every thing I could think of to control or moderate my drinking and nothing ever worked reliably long-term. It also got worse with every passing year. The only thing that has ever worked for me is complete abstinence from alcohol and other drugs. Many other alcoholics also find this to be true. ..Just don't have that first drink. If you don't have the first you can't have the second or fifth or tenth drink. It is very simple but it isn't easy at first. I found the support and camaraderie of other sober alcoholics was incredibly helpful when I got serious about being sober. I found that support at AA meetings I highly recommend them. www.AA.org lists meetings near you. I recommend you try all the meetings you can get to and keep going back to your favorites. Meetings can vary widely in format and personality so try a bunch. ..With sobriety can come huge improvements in your life. It certainly had that effect for me. ..Good luck and be well.
Yeah it's scary stuff. And my brain has a way of forgetting that it will take me all the way down if I let it. 
