-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hv1ye/my_experience_with_naltrexone_and_antabuse/

I was in a pretty sorry state three months ago. I was coming off a month long binge having just recently turned 21 and wondering if I was ever going to be able to get my shit together before I did something truly unforgivable to myself or to another person. I already had a DUI a visit to the psych ward and several brushes with death to my name and was afraid that my recklessness would eventually put me in the grave. So I decided to get help. I knew I wasn't going to be able to do it on my own. I needed to take drastic measures if I wanted to ensure that this wasn't just going to be another fling with sobriety- I'd been down that road plenty of times before. ..So with the backing of my parents I enrolled in a highly regarded substance abuse treatment program not far from where I live and immediately got to work. My treatment plan involves individual group and pharmaceutical therapy along with frequent drug testing. I am typically at the center three or four days a week. Though each component of the treatment has been very helpful I do not think I would be able to say that I have three months of near-total sobriety under my belt were it not for the medications I am taking. When I have antabuse and naltrexone in my system I know for a fact that I am not going to drink. It just isn't worth it. And believe me I've tried to drink on both. In the first month after I decided to get sober I had several lapses. At this point I was only taking antabuse. The first time was a test run. I drank a pint of beer curious as to how my body would react. Nothing happened for twenty or so minutes. Then my face started to heat up and my heart started beating much faster than usual. I had a mildly unpleasant metallic taste in my mouth. But I didn't get sick. Not wanting to find out how much more I would have to drink to actually hurl and ashamed at myself for giving in to the urge I drank nothing more that night. But a couple weeks later I began to experience stronger cravings. I started skipping my doses. I had been told that the medication would stay in my system for up to two weeks and that even if I missed a few doses I would still get sick if I drank. Which I did. Forty five minutes after drinking five shots of vodka I was on my knees begging the porcelain god for mercy. ..A readjustment was needed. My psychiatrist advised naltrexone and stricter supervision. Every night my parents make sure I take my pills. There is no room for trickery. I am fully aware that I can't be entirely trusted in this regard. In any other situation I am an honest person. But when it comes to my addiction I am a scheming little bastard. I understand and accept this aspect of my character and the extra measure of diligence required of me and my parents in order to ensure my health and safety. I am incredibly thankful for the people who are looking out for me and for the wonders of modern science. ..I have not had a drop of alcohol in two months- my longest stretch of sobriety in three years. I still think about booze occasionally especially when I am in the presence of drinkers but I am not afraid of relapse anymore. I don't want to have to take these pills forever but I know they are absolutely necessary for the foreseeable future. And I'm ok with that. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I take naltrexone and feel that it is helping me.  I understand that if you drink on it you will not get sick but the alc. will not make you drunk in the normal way- you get no euphoria or something.  It must be strange- but with nine months sober I have no intention of testing it out.  
My relapse cycle reminds me of this: https://youtu.be/nU2y6ztlMAQ  ..I'm hoping antabuse helps get me to that last castle :)
