-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hw0dm/i_wanted_to_share_something_i_did_that_helped_me/

Hello..I am just over a year sober and I wanted to share something I did that helped me get through the year...One thing I did was to write myself a letter for the first day of each month.  ..So I wrote myself 7 letters because I started this 5 months in. I wrote all of the letters in the 5th month and I wrote them with my future self in mind.  I knew a lot of the problems I would face thanks to help from others and I knew what I personally struggled with a lot such as harsh self-criticism.  ..So I would write for example in a letter: "It's ok if you have not accomplished every goal in your life already; it takes time." or "This month will probably be very difficult because this is the month that ____ but here is how you can deal with that and you've got this."  ..I also put things of meaning into each envelope such as a kind note from a supportive friend or quotes I like...I also put a short list of short and easy goals such as "learn one new song this month" or other easily accomplishable items. ..On the first of every month I opened my letter and I read my letter to myself the kind note from a friend and a short list of easily attainable goals.  ..This made me feel better and it allowed me to see progress even as I would not acknowledge it myself. ..Maybe some other people will find this idea helpful.  ..Thank you for your support. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's pretty cool
Thanks for sharing I like the idea. I might be trying it soon!
great idea and a great share thanks! i haven't been able to do it though i always mean to. but writing things down regularly to both keep yourself accountable and hopefully remain reasonable *will* work. i think i still try and find the easy ways :( ..boil it down brutal honesty is the only way out of this pressure cooker
Wow. I love this idea. I'm going to do it. I'm working with a sponsor and I'm really learning that I need to work on self love. Part of this is to just get more comfortable with myself. I'm not really into journaling so your idea sounds like an easier way to do some self reflection. Thank you for this idea.
The second time I tried to get sober I was facing my wife leaving me. I wrote my self a letter of all the reasons I needed to get sober. After a while I forgot all those reason and fell off the wagon. What a great idea to keep writing more letter .
That's a nice idea
