-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hzfug/minds_trying_to_convince_me_of_moderation/

Hey guys! ..After two relatively easy months I can now feel my mind trying to trick me into moderation. Cravings are very low but as I'm planning trips I constantly think of how I could fit some beers in there and that it'll be okay this time. Haven't made it to Krav Maga this week so I'm way to energetic. I might go to a meeting next week to get it off my chest. Guitar play works as usual and I'm not fearing relapse or anything but my mind's just super annoying these days. Well no one said this would be easy and I'd like to say thank you so much everyone here on SD for the guidance and the stories and everything :) ..A good sober weekend to all of you! ..Edit: Wow so many enpowering comments in this. Read them all thank you guys! :)
----------immediate responses--------

In early sobriety I relied on "play the tape forward".  Think about what would happen if you had "just a few drinks".  Be honest.  Weigh the benefits against the costs and repercussions.  For me one major repercussion is that I very likely would not stop drinking again potentially ever.  I had to look back in time through seven years of being drunk to see the last time I failed to respect that repercussion and thought I could drink "just a few" after having been sober for a month...A good sober weekend to you too!
One drink is too many and a thousand not enough..
I came to the conclusion that I didn't really desire to drunk moderately.  While drinking there were times- lots of them- where I drank what would be called moderately...Thank is- I never enjoyed drinking that way.  I stopped because I had to- not because I wanted to.  The only time I enjoyed my drinking was when I put no limits on myself and drank with impunity.  ..As an aside I tried the program "Moderation Management" for more than 2 years with no success.  
I tried this my last go.  Made it to 97 days.  It was my birthday.  Some friends that I hadn't seen in a long time gave me a bottle of whiskey for my birthday.  They didn't know I wasn't drinking.  It was the perfect excuse I didn't want to be rude.  I decided then that I would just moderate only drinking a few drinks a week.  That lasted four months and here I am again.  In the end I was sneaking alcohol and hiding the amount I was drinking from people.  I never had control in the first place.
I always ask myself if I even want to drink in moderation. The answer is usually "no I want to get a good buzz going." If there was a beer and a "drunk button" I could push to get me drunk I would almost always skip the beer and hit the button instead because what I really want is to escape. Sometimes the idea of a drink with friends sounds good but I've fallen into that trap in the past and ended up binging within a few days. There's a reason I stopped drinking even if I can't always remember what that reason is. I just trust that guy who decided to quit 45 days ago. 
/r/stopdrinking is a pretty popular subreddit (given the niche topic) and daily there are stories of moderation: contemplating experimenting and sharing the results...It seems that everyone who admits having a problem with alcohol wants to moderate their drinking. We all realize that abusing alcohol has had a negative effect and conclude we may be able to avoid that negative effect if only we can learn to moderate... that is perfectly normal thought and an admirable goal except.....The situations we find ourselves in are often the results of the actions we choose to take and those actions are taken within the context of our  emotional states... and those states are informed by our thoughts about the situations we find ourselves... and the germ of  those thoughts found in our core beliefs of life time experience training and gut feelings.....They say that if you keep doing the same things you will keep getting the same things... well it is more insidious than that... if you keep thinking the same things then your  thoughts will create a predictable emotional reaction which will in turn drive you to take familiar action... now you find yourself repeating dreaded behavior and ending up with what you always end up with... ..What does this have to do with moderating your drinking? My guess is we all have ingrained into our core beliefs what we think about moderation and chances are one thing about it that we do not think is that "if moderation really could work for me I would have tried it long before I lost my job lost my SO lost my friends and long before I have generally ruined my life... if I am in a place to think about moderation that makes it work for me then I would not be in this situation..."..This is not just about moderation or addiction but about life in general... we all have our personal biases our experiences our training and our knee-jerk reactions... and unless we honestly and brutally interrogate that source of core beliefs then we will never really get a handle on the reason we think feel and act the way we do and we will never really be able to understand our true role in the situations we find ourselves.....There is no easy answer but one thing that does help is that for now we need to STOP... stop thinking for ourselves... our best thinking got us into this situation... We need a new way to think about drinking and in a more general sense we need a new way to think about everything... people places and things.....Doing a 90-90 is one way to short circuit our current thinking and behaviors... don't go to share just go to listen... listen with an open mind an open heart and be open to the possibility that there is hope and opportunity. ..Doing a 90-90 gives us a chance to STOP in the short term (and perhaps longer) the people places and things in our lives that inevitable have lead us to take actions putting us in situations we regret. ..To anyone out there contemplating moderation instead of not drinking if you can first do a 90-90 and remain abstinent during that time you may then be better ready to take on the task of interrogating your core beliefs. At that time you may be ready to share your experiences you thoughts your feelings... you may even be ready for input that just might challenge your thinking... AND THAT IS THE GOAL... challenge the thinking that got you here...I found I had to challenge my best thoughts with new thoughts I had to rid myself of *stinking thinking*... 90-90 also gave my body a chance to begin repairing itself my neurotransmitters and their receptors began to find a new "normal" my thinking cleared up and I was finally able to assess the true state of my life and begin to start making the long term changes that put things right and set me on a different path... be warned you may uncover or be forced to face underlying emotional or mental health issues... but I was finally able to begin to heal not just put band-aids on what ailed me...This is a long post because we are all a long way away from trying to "moderate" (or even think for ourselves) when we first began the road to recovery and truth be told I have to concluded moderation at this time is not right for me (YMMV)... but first starting out in early recovery we generally are a long way from that point... at the first stages of recovery it helped when I accepted that something very different than what I had been doing was required... that is the power of a 90-90... it is unlike anything you have likely done it was certainly unlike anything I had done... you may have never seriously considered it... and that is the point that was the point for me... my best thinking got me where I was... question: do you really trust your best thinking to get you out of here? or is it possible that just being still for a period of time not trying to think your way out of it not trying to explain yourself not trying to defend your self... just  be still and listen... do you think that might be helpful to you? It was helpful to me...Note if you are out there new to recovery considering moderation and a 90-90 is out of the question (and I realize that is true in many cases) at the risk of sounding like I am doling out mandates from up high perhaps committing to 2 weeks of spending at least 20 minutes a day reading /r/stopdrinking... not commenting not posting just reading... 20 minutes a day for two weeks. ..After that 2 weeks if feeling so inclined commit to not drinking "one day at a time" while still making daily 20 minute visits to /r/stopdrinking only now begin to open up and share and contribute. Make comments make posts join in the mutual community of support *participate in the daily Check-In*... all the while making daily commitments to not drink "one day at a time". ..Sorry for the long post and sorry if I went off the rails a bit. I do hope we each of us find the answers that works for each of us!.
No. does not work - not for me not for anybody I know.  ..**our combined experience in this failure is substantial perhaps even overwhelming.**..Sure for one night maybe maybe even longer but when it was "working for me" which was 9 parts lie it was no fun no fun at all.  Managing a buzz is like trying to keep a dog away from the pile of hamburgers at a BBQ needs constant attention and he really wants more.....A final note there is no guarantee that you will be able to quit again the slippery slope has  gotten quite a few.  And it's not fun been to too many funerals.  Serious shit this.  
[deleted]
I was at one of my home group meetings this morning and a friend of mine with 45 years in the program of Alcoholics Anonymous said I have never known ANYONE who once having admitted to being an alcoholic who was every able to successfully return to drinking.  I personally have never known anyone either who returned to moderate drinking.  Frankly why bother I never wanted to drink moderately.  
[deleted]
For me moderation is like standing on the gallows and convincing myself that's it okay to pull the lever a LITTLE bit.  ..I have said before that we alcoholics are particularly susceptible to a logical fallacy. If we are successful in surviving an attempt at moderation ONE time we conclude that we will be successful in surviving an attempt at moderation EVERY time.  ..It just ain't so. And every alcoholic that I have seen attempt it has succeeded the first couple times they tried. But then things got out of hand and there was a failure to moderate. Maybe a couple more successes....then another failure. After a while the failures outnumbered the successes...then there were no more successes at all.  ..In the meantime the alcoholic loses the momentum toward recovery the habits of personal growth the personal connections in the recovery community as well as their self-esteem.  ..Please don't wait until next week to get to a meeting. Sounds like you could use one sooner than that.
Why wait until next week to attend a meeting? :) If you've got something to say *now* it might be best to get it off your chest and discuss it with other sober people as soon as possible... like... right *now*. Hehe.
Normal people can drink in moderation.  My wife will drink maybe 4 beers a YEAR and only ONE per occasion..Problem is we're not normal.  Well....at least I'M not!.Good job OP on not giving in to the urges.  I'm impressed it took that long for the those thoughts to creep in! Less than a week in I started having those tempting thoughts.
*Moderation is a lie*. Adopt it as a mantra repeat it to yourself every time you encounter alcohol or drinking. It's not an option and it never was. It does not work...It's harsh but you have to accept it. If you don't you'll never be clean.
I have never seen a post in this sub about moderation that ended with "and then everything was awesome and moderation worked!!"..
