-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i3y1r/still_sober_but_struggling_this_week/

Hey guys and gals. I have really been struggling this week with a case of the "yets." Instead of focusing on similarities with other alcoholics I am totally focusing on the differences. Did I ever end up in the hospital because of drinking? No. Did I ever get a DUI? No. Am I still with my wife and kids? Yes. Did I maintain my job? Yes. ..Then again I was drinking every single night and I've been drinking heavily since I was 17 and I'm 36 years old now. I just feel so negative about being sober right now. Feel like I feel the same as 37 days ago. I know it takes time and I know it takes a lot of work. I'm going to meetings. I have a sponsor. I've read the Allen Carr book. I check in on here every day. I have a supportive wife but I feel like I want to go back to drinking. I won't but I needed to vent. I am all ears if you guys have some suggestions.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting. No suggestions here but I will share that the *yets* sneaked up on me and over took my life in what felt like the blink of an eye...I lost my house my job my wife my assets and my sanity. In retrospect I went from everything being "good enough" to rock bottom about a year. I ended up in a crisis unit intensive day treatment and nine months in a half-way house for dually diagnosed people (substance and mental health). ..And again thanks for sharing. Peace and Safe Travels.
Congratulations on staying strong. Do you have any hobbies or passions you can focus on? 
It's sneaky and skilled at luring its hosts but it lies every time. Good thing we are wiser and bigger than it every time.
I can relate to some of this as I've got many yets and yet (ha) feel like not much has changed. It's everything u listed up to the point of wanting to go back. So I'm just keeping faith and assuming I'm not thinking clearly. It's like I don't want to/can't go back but where I'm going continually confuses me and doesn't look the way I expected no matter what kind of effort I put in. I know there's some victory happening even if I block it out and focus only on the negative for days.
"Did I ever end up in the hospital because of drinking? No. Did I ever get a DUI? No. Am I still with my wife and kids? Yes. Did I maintain my job? Yes."..You and I are the same in every aspect of these points. That doesn't mean I wasn't slowly killing myself and putting emotional distance between my wife and I with drinking. That doesn't mean that all those things didn't lie ahead for me. Do you want to be someone who has to lose it all before giving up drinking? I don't. I hear enough about these consequences in meetings. Celebrate that you haven't had to go through all of those horrible things and that you've still decided to get sober. Everyone's bottom is different. Stay strong. 
Hey!  Just FYI there are two kinds of alcoholics.  Ones who ruin their lives and ones who are functional alcoholics.  It's actually much easier to be a ruined-life alcoholic because you can't lie to yourself anymore.  Functional alcoholics have lifelong difficulties because they lie just enough to convince themselves that they don't have a problem.  When you're looking at a liver transplant at 45 it'll get a lot harder to lie.
We're here and we support you. This is just one day of questioning. See how you feel tomorrow. I've had some of those days too recently. The feeling will pass. Can you play the tape forward and remember how it felt to drink regularly? Perhaps that will help with perspective.
