-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3idh37/aa_at_almost_90_days/

I'm approaching 90 days in AA and have been going at it hard. I've been working with an extremely thorough sponsor who has taught me a great deal however I'm losing interest in the program. I was talking to another friend who quit drinking seven years ago and he said he was not a "meetings" guy. I think I'm moving in that direction as well. I know if I said what I'm typing here in a meeting I would be told I'm setting myself up for a relapse that you have to work the steps have a sponsor and do service work to stay sober but I'm not sure that's the case. I want sobriety more than I've ever wanted anything. I'm more spiritual than ever but do seem to be drifting away from organized religion. I find comfort in not drinking one day at a time. I can drink tomorrow if I want but for TODAY I'm not drinking. I do however enjoy it here a great deal and am thankful I found this place.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing!
I don't think AA is necessary to quit drinking.  And this ain't AA so no worries on what people would say/think in a meeting.  :)..AA can be a solution for some people.  If you don't need it/want it anymore only you have the power to put that plan into action.  If you ever change your mind AA will probably still be around and open for business.  :)  You do you jon.  
aight. I hope you at least stick around here. ..also..&gt;know if I said what I'm typing here in a meeting I would be told I'm setting myself up for a relapse..did you say it in a meeting? I'm not saying don't leave I am saying talk to some people who you know in real life who know your background more before you do. 
[deleted]
I'm big on AA but as KJ said this ain't AA.  I think you did an awesome job in doing the 90 in 90 suggestion.  At least you now know what's available to you should you find that you need it in the future.  Good work.
I believe the key in getting/staying sober is dealing with our past healing and making a daily initiative to improve our lives and become better people. Working the steps in AA does this. Since you're already in the program maybe you can give it a shot? I had to back off from AA at times as to not get burnt out but working the steps was a great experience for me. Even if you decide not to go that route maybe check out SMART or some kind of therapy/counseling that can help you work through all the past issues. Just my two cents but the key is really finding what works for you. Blessings
Have you considered finishing a set of steps and then reassessing? I am almost done my first set and I'm very impressed by the results. I think it's a great opportunity for introspection that we are lucky to get....I wish non-alcoholics could do them too...Whatever you decide though stick around here!
I think it depends on the severity of your drinking problem and the lengths that you're willing to go through to stay sober. I stay sober when I go to meetings even though as an agnostic the proselytizing can get on my last nerve. However I use the " Good Orderly Direction " advice and it works thus far. I'm the kind of forgetful drunk that needs daily reinforcement. Good luck to you stay connected by reading here.
I think this is a frustrating quandary to be in when the only thing you know is AA because you're only getting one side of the story. Folks who sobered up completely without AA obviously don't attend meetings and neither do folks who sobered up initially with AA but than drifted away. These people obviously exist -- your friend exists the many people here who do not use AA and still stay sober obviously exist. But only you know yourself and what you need to stay sober; and none of us can tell the future. 
I don't know what works for you. For me meetings help remind me why I need the Steps. They help keep me in contact with people who empathize with me and can help me. When I don't go the world has a tendency to fill up with assholes. When I do go I realize I might be the asshole and there's a fix for that
I guess if you post this you expect some kind of feedback. Here it goes. Personnaly I would not bet my life on a old buddy telling me he is not a "meetings" guy. What does that mean? What does he do? Where does he turn to? Can you call him? 24/7? In the end it's your choice but IMHO the facts I see in your post appear weak. Jut beware of any light you see in a tunnel. It can be daylight. Or it can be a frigging locomotive coming right at you. Maybe try other meetings to see if there is not a better fit.
