-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ieqx6/day_4_the_good_the_bad_and_the_near_relapse/

So I didn't get the trash out in time for the garbage truck.  This put me in a grouchy mood at first.  But I was determined to have a productive day not just sit around trying not to drink.  I was doing great until I got my money from returning my beer cans (just over $85 by the way).  I was going to pick up a steak to put on the grill and some fresh veggies.  With out even realizing it I was half way to the beer aisle thinking about which beer would go best with dinner.  OOOPS!!  I literally stopped in my tracks and almost teared up.  I wasn't having any particular craving I just wanted something to wash down my comfort food.  Fuck.  This was something I hadn't really thought about before I'm really going to have to change quite a few things if I want to stay sober.  Anyway I pull my self together buy my stuff and go home.  A while later I have the garbage bag and I'm crawling around getting the last batch of cans bagged up for return tomorrow and what do I find?  Yes!  A god damn unopened can of beer.  FML.  I finally ended up dumping it down the drain but It was a really fucking close call.  The bad part is that if I had drank it I would have been out the door to get more in minutes.  Probably wouldn't have come to my senses for days maybe weeks.  Well I made it this time.  One day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job on pouring out that beer! I had to dump some liquor down the drain once and it felt oddly satisfying. It made my commitment to sobriety feel that much more real.
My husband poured out the last of my vodka this morning as I lay in bed detoxing. No sleep all night long. I'm glad he did it because I didn't have the heart. It was a full bottle and was like a safety blanket. Don't know if I could have stayed sober with it in the house and I'm glad I didn't have to make the choice. 
In early sobriety we find that lots of things that we normally do involve alcohol and can turn out to be triggers. I caught one yesterday after being reprimanded at work for not doing something.I was angry and disappointed with myself and the first thing I thought of was "I should get a bottle and forget about this." I recognized it as a trigger and talked myself out of it but it was tough. .Good on you for not falling for the trap and making it out stronger and smarter..Keep up the good work.
I've poured out a few beers that company had left in my fridge in the last week and a half. I don't want the possible temptation sitting there for days on end. I am starting to realize that planning ahead really is necessary if you want to avoid giving in when having a temporary craving ie  when your scumbag brain is trying to trick you.
Good job. From my observation each craving/trigger is an entity of its own to be navigated. They feel big in the moment but smaller once you squash them. There are lots in the beginning for us but become less with some time. Hang in there. You're doing great. 
Sounds familiar to me. It floors me how hard it is to complete a simple act like pouring alcohol down the drain. Good for you. :)
Yes that's they way it works that first drink is the sinker.  Tanks all you efforts. Stay strong! You got this!
Good work.  You sound great!!!
