-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ieqd2/ruined_another_sober_streak_with_a_weeklong_binge/

Despite having been told by a doctor they were worried about my liver enzymes a couple weeks ago I sobered up for a week...and then something came over me and I decided a week long binge would be a great idea?..Thankfully I got another call yesterday as I was **literally headed out the door to get my beer for the day** that my second blood test results came back and confirmed the original test. It was like I woke up from a week long nap and suddenly all the fear from the first test came back...Today I'm feeling profoundly guilty scared and depressed. I'm having a hard time functioning whatsoever. I'm terrified that a doctor telling me my liver is struggling wasn't even enough to convince me to stop. That thought has been haunting me for the past 2 days...I'm trying to find some ray of hope here. At least I'm at the end of my new 2nd day? Maybe that second call was the reminder I needed? How do you guys pull yourselves out of the deep depression that follows a binge? I'm trying to convince myself to go running or something but I can't even muster the motivation to get out of bed...Here's to my new badge...
----------immediate responses--------

Declining health was never enough to stop me either. I had to want it more than anything. I had to be so fed up &amp; focus on nothing else. Feeling like I had to quit didn't work... it's like having to do the dishes. I want to do those fucking dishes. 
What you are currently experiencing is exactly why I could only get sober with a proactive program of recovery and a real life support network.  I definitely needed both of those things to get me some real traction on sobriety...Good luck!
Stick around and keep reading/posting. I believe you can do this. :-)
I can tell you that I was fortunate to stop when I did.  My liver enzymes were terrible my blood sugars / insulin levels were terrible and it has taken a tremendously long time for my liver to finally produce normal enzyme levels. ..I did damage to my pancreas it is enlarged and three years later still very slowly healing and the blood work is still not in the normal range...Stop before it is too late because there will be a too late if you keep drinking...
&gt;How do you guys pull yourselves out of the deep depression that follows a binge?..By asking this it sounds like you are expecting to go through many binges otherwise what good would this information be?  It is the equivalent of me asking stopdrinking sub "what is your favorite remedy for a bad hangover?" 
