-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ifjl6/10_minutes_at_a_time/

It really does work. Today's only my second day sober so I've been a bit restless today and exhausted as I got no sleep last night. For some reason my boyfriend bought a bottle of vodka today (I mean he can do what he wants but I was a little upset that he just left it out when I got home from work). ..Naturally I really really wanted to drink some but the thought of having to reset my badge ALREADY just made me feel so shameful so I decided to put it off for 10 minutes. When those 10 minutes were up I went on a walk. I don't even remember how but my SO and I got upset with each other over some little misunderstanding in the conversation so when we got home I REALLY just wanted a damn drink. But I told myself the day was almost over and I didn't even have to promise tomorrow yet I just had to make it to the end of the day. A challenge but a challenge never hurt anybody. I can't promise forever but I can promise the rest of today. ..So I took a shower. ..Then I finished the ice cream in the freezer (as someone said in one of the FAQ posts the first 30 days is all about just *not drinking* so treat yoself in other areas). ..After the ice cream my boyfriend had fallen asleep so I made a cup of tea and opened up the sexual healing book I've started reading. And that made me realize that I'll never be able to fully heal if I relapse so for tonight my cravings have disappeared (at least mentally). ..10 minutes at a time people. One distraction after the other if that's what it takes. I really really thought I'd give in tonight but I just kept putting it off. And knowing this sub was here to write out my thoughts or to scroll through to remind me how badly I want this that helped a TON. I'm already super grateful for this sub. Looking forward to day 3 of sobriety tomorrow. Thank goodness I don't have to reset my badge...I'm worried I'll post too much here like every day anytime I have thoughts I need to get out and get annoying or something. But I figure it's better than telling it to a bottle.
----------immediate responses--------

In regards to your misunderstanding with your SO...For the first few days even still but especially those first few days I was sooooo pissy. It was like when I quit smoking. ..I was just trying to be calm busy and focused on my progress even though inside my body was screaming at me to get beer and my subconscious was constantly spinning in circles trying to find a loophole so I could throw back a half pint of tequila. ..Then someone would say something typically my SO and I would crack. Not in a crazy way necessarily but my anger went 0-100 really quickly. People don't realize that there is a battle going on under your surface unless you tell them :)..Look what I'm trying to say is that things like bringing home a bottle of vodka and leaving it out may seem insensitive and shitty and it is. But here's the thing they aren't doing it because they are bad or trying to tempt us they are doing it because they have a pattern too. ..The pattern is that they are used to us drinking and often especially in the beginning of sobriety it's hard for people to take us seriously because at least for me I didn't even take myself that seriously when it came to being realistic about drinking. They are just doing what is normal and normally you drink. ..Just remember now is the time to prove to yourself that YOU take this seriously; this is for you. You can get angry but take a deep breath express how you are feeling in very concise terms. Tell the other person that you are having a difficult moment and that it will pass but you need a little extra understanding from them. ..If nothing else you will be less likely to take things personally and get into little tiffs with your SO in a week or two. Just try to keep that in mind. ..That's all from me good luck! You are taking the right steps and sharing on here is a great way to stay vigilant. It's great that you made it to two days and it'll be even better when you see 3 or a week or two weeks! 
Never thought of taking it just 10 minutes at a time but if it's working for you great!  I'm a little more fortunate than you in that my wife rarely drinks so when I quit it was no problem purging the house of alcohol.  Dumped an entire bottle of Captain Morgan down the drain on day 1..Coming in here and telling the story is a good step too.  I do that as well and it helps me a lot.
Sometimes I just have to take it one moment at a time. It's effective if you set your mind to it. Here's to one more day! 
