-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ihcfz/is_anyone_else_freaked_out_by_the_weight_of/

Im at 11 days now and the fear of relapsing is starting to increase. I've relapsed after a week before but I told myself a week wasn't that long just start over. But now what if I relapse after a month a year 2 years?! All that work down the drain. Idk if this is my subconscious just trying to get me to drink again but it's very daunting...Edit: thank you all for your replies. You guys are wonderful. I love this sub!
----------immediate responses--------

The fear will always be there. I made it to 30 days and i felt better than i can ever remember. I fell off hard and fell that everything i accomplished was work getting back up. Im on day one again and feeling like poo. 
I know it's cliche but it's a one day at a time thing. I sometimes get these fears as well but when I recognize the thought I simply acknowledge it then let it go. I try not to focus on the negative but instead I focus on doing what I know to be right.   Personally I find that focusing on things I don't want to happen inevitably draws me to it. As long as I keep my mind filled with positive productive thinking things tend to go well. Blessings!
A week is an eternity to a problem drinker.   ..That voice that tells you it's OK to drink is very tricky.   It will wait until you are feeling good and proud of your accomplishments and then It will convince you that you deserve to drink to celebrate all the progress you've made.....The first 90 days are the most dangerous in terms of relapse but we must remain vigilant and aware of our alcoholic voice at all times....The good news is it get so much easier with some time under your belt.   ..Don't think about never drinking again or when you might relapse.  Just ask yourself if you're drinking today.
1.  I think it is important to make 100% the goal..2.  It is not really the end of the world if there is a small recurrence..3.  Take the days sober ie: 100 subtract the days slipped 1 = 99/100.  Thats a good ratio..4.  Now got to a meeting. Get over it keep going forward..5.  Do your damnedest not to slip again.
Many people use coins or chips as reminders of clean time and for some the burden of clean time becomes the true weight of the token. The only coin I use is my 24 hour.  I used to carry it with me as a constant reminder that today I was not going to drink. I would hold it every morning as I made my daily commitment and it also served as a celebration for making it through the previous  24 hours. I did that for the first 1170 days. ..One day a fellow recovering addict I had known for two years was coming up on his 90 days for the first time ever...he was falling apart under the weight of his clean time... it had become a burden instead of a cause for celebration...I took out my coin and told him the story of how the touch and feel of the coin gave me strength every day to not drink. I told him how by using the 24 hour coin every day I was freed from the burden of my clean time I was freed to celebrate the success of the previous 24 hours and that I was free to focus on today... *One Day at a Time* and my coin had set me free...I gave this recovering addict my coin and asked if he would be willing to try and find the daily strength by carrying that coin holding it and making a 24 hour commitment every day. I asked him to daily reflect on the success of the day before; we all every right to celebrate every day. I gave him the coin in the hopes it would free him from the burden of his clean time. I no longer carry that coin myself but it is the banner pic on my FB and my lock screen image on my devices...We are all on unique journeys but we do see many of the same sights. One of those sights is the burden of clean time as early days accumulate anniversaries approach and important dates come and go. We are all on unique journeys and we each of us need to find ways through the challenges. I hope you find your freedom from the burden of clean time. Peace and Safe Travels...
&gt;Idk if this is my subconscious just trying to get me to drink again ..Yeah I think you are onto something there. Just break it down into bite size pieces. If you think you can do a month do a month. If you think you can do 2 weeks then do 2 weeks. If you aren't sure what you can do just do 1 day. You don't need to make any commitment like "I will NEVER drink again" you just need to do what you think you can do. If its just a day today then get through that day and don't worry about making super big commitments...But I think it would be good to get a habit going. Like the babysteps. You start getting a habit going and then not drinking just becomes almost automatic.
I find this kind of thinking preps my brain to accept that a relapse is inevitable. It doesn't take long to follow once I let these kinds of thoughts start. ..The nice thing is that I only have to worry about today. It sounds so cliche but I could get flattened by a semi on the way home and any worry I had about tomorrow was pointless. Your best bet is to find a tactic that works for you to arrest those thoughts and divert your attention somewhere else. They'll quiet down if you stay vigilant at squashing them. 
Relapsing 1x doesn't cause you to lose your days you still have them; and the progress you made in those days. It's not a slide all the way back down.Think of it as a small downward blip in an otherwise upward trend. But also man tricking your mind into thinking that losing your progress will be so bad that you might as well drink now is some seriously faulty logic. The mind can rationalize anything if you allow it. Call yourself out on that bullshit.  
Eventually (actually after just a few weeks) that weight started working in my favor. I'm not scared of relapsing after 3.5 years. That time and sober experience that I've built up merely reinforces my will and my perception of self as a non-drinker. ..Even now I look at my number and think "holy shit that's a long time. There's no way I'm giving this up. This life is so much better than my drinking life was". Drinking hasn't been a real temptation for a *long* time. It does get a lot easier.
I've learned I can't think of sobriety in terms any longer than 24 hours and even then I usually think in terms of "I'm not going to pick up a drink while I'm... (doing whatever I'm doing right now)."..For myself setting large goals has always been a poor decision; I become too focused on the final product and everything involved with accomplishing it that I get overwhelmed. The solution? Stop setting huge goals. Instead I set smaller manageable goals that can accumulate into a final outcome (like 24 hours at a time). It's actually a concept I was taught (Although I never really learned it until now) as a kid when teachers would assign large projects; break it down into small pieces.
Overthinking it!..Today you have to stay sober. That's it. Can you stay sober today? I can do it with me! And if you need some help we can do tomorrow together as well. ..just today. that's it.
Sure I feel that way sometimes. I just remind myself to do today today and don't worry so much and it usually stops troubling me.
Yes I freak out this much too.  I made a post about it a bit ago how worried I am that I will just "forget" someday.  I know they say "one day at a time" but I REALLY don't know how to do that!
Saw the word "weight" and thought the topic would be about freaking out from getting skinnier and in better shape from no alcohol!    .That's one of the things that has helped me. Got some weight off and in better shape. There are many more benefits.  .I helped reduce the burden on my shoulders by making a pro &amp; con list oh and also writing a dear john letter and one day at a time worked too.
Agreed. I think once I hit the month or two mark it'll be like "I can't relapse now I did so much work" but when it's only 1 2 3 days all day I'm thinking "It's only a couple days if I want a drink I better do it NOW" but if I think that every time I'll never get sober and I want this time to stick. Instead of thinking every day about "My god I'm never going to have a drink again" I just don't let myself think about it I just think "I don't have to promise anything about tomorrow I just have to promise today." And that's doable.
I have a thing about not letting people down  so when I told my friends and then basically everyone I know that I kicked booze completely out of the blue one day  and that I plan on staying sober they know. They All know. I made a silent promise to them and myself:  I'm staying sober for everyone else  but I still come first.  ..  If I drink I'll feel guilty and lose respect for myself. Nearly six months of All the stress all of the tempting corner store runs where I stared at the beer and told myself it wasn't worth it and got tea instead  all of the emotions I'm actually feeling because I'm not drowning them in beer and the general quality of life getting better and better would feel all for naught...  I'd tell everyone and they will probably lose respect for me because I broke a promise sympathize with me in my moment of weakness or potentially try to enable me because I have some old drinking buddies that would probably love to see me start again. ..I understand relapses can happen under certain circumstances because I've dealt with substance abuse for most of my life  and it's harder for some than it is for others  but that's how I stay sober.   Nobody likes drunk me except for me so I won't drink today. 
I tend to look at it from the other direction now (but I have been through that thought process *so* many times before). In the past I always told myself that I shouldn't even try that it wouldn't be worth it that I *needed* to drink and I was just lying to myself saying I didn't. ..Now I see it as sticking it to that angry alcoholic part of myself every time that number ticks up. Like I really don't like that person and she spent a lot of years making me miserable and saying nasty shit to me and worst of all convincing me that I couldn't be anything different. So now getting one more day is like proving that it was all bullshit that I'm wise to it now and nobody (even me) is going to trick me again into believing that I'm weak and useless...I think that's the reason that this time around I really feel different about it and am not fearful of relapsing. I'm not quitting because I have to or because I should but because I actually want to. I'm finally done with deliberately becoming someone I hate just so I can justify hurting that person. 
Don't believe everything you think!
I've been struggling with this just because I'm really young and the prospect of never drinking again seems like such a huge commitment. That's why right now I'm going with a challenge to myself to not drink for thirty days and take it one day at a time after that. I'm not sure what will happen years into the future but right now this is what I need to be doing you know? And right now is all that matters. Everyone here is such an inspiration and it seems pretty much everyone agrees approaching it one day at a time is the best way not to get overwhelmed. I've got faith in you!
My goal was to stop drinking. Although it's amazing to have a high # of days without drinking the main goal is to stop. So if you go 2 years and fuck up hop back on the wagon and try again. I'm not doing this for a # I'm doing it to improve my life. 
Entire nightmares have been conjured over the kind of weight you're describing. A dream in which you throw back a beer and crack open another then realize you just broke your sobriety!... *wake-up in cold sweat*..But what I've found after all of my time and many nightmares is that it doesn't matter. Not drinking has brought me back to health to which I credit a lot of great transformations. A new job a new girlfriend and an overall aim-high outlook. Sobriety was the start but worrying about relapse after the way that I've fortified my sobriety with better overall health and the perks of it all is like worrying a single cannonball could break a castle wall down. Its just not going to happen...Find your sobriety and then build your castle. Enjoy the kingdom!
I used to be on a two week relapse cycle. Until I told myself truly that I was done and I could do it. &amp; I could only do this one day at a time. Sometimes it was one minute at a time. Sometimes I would look at something I could do just this second like stretch my legs or get a glass of water. Breaking it down into manageable pieces is what one day at a time is all about.
One day at a time. Letting that fear and doubt creep into your mind is dangerous and it's a tactic that your addicted brain can use to make you feel hopeless and break down your willpower. ..Just focus on one day at a time one foot in front of the other. I think it's perfectly normal to be afraid of relapsing (I'm terrified of it) but don't indulge those thoughts. Instead work on positive things. Spend time with friends/family who are supportive and work on rebuilding those relationships. Get some exercise that you enjoy. Work on a hobby. Positive actions can overcome those negative thoughts.
I'm the opposite. I don't care about that number at all right now. I just wanna not drink each day. I hope the number becomes something to motivate me eventually though.
One day at a time...We say that for a reason
I just want to say that I totally get this. I have been absolutely terrified to make a week because it's one thing if I just screw up a couple of days but screwing up a whole week means that I would have to get that again and it has been extremely tough to get a week. Don't have any sage advice but I just wanted to let you know that I'm dealing with similar stuff. 
[deleted]
That fear is somewhat healthy. That fear has helped keep me sober for 7 1/2 years. The thought of disappointing myself and those that I love is gut wrenching. It gets easier but if you don't have some fear that is when complacency sets in and that is dangerous. One day at a time!  ..Edit: And make sure you have a sponsor or someone you can call if the fear has you thinking of acting out. 
That is "the voice" trying to convince you.  "Hey MF!  You know you will fail eventually so fuck it let's go get slozzled now and forget all about this sober silliness!"...The simple mantra "one day at a time" really works here.  Only focus on today.  Focus on tomorrow tomorrow.
