-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3itfly/youre_just_as_much_fun_sober/

I made the decision to stop drinking on Saturday and it's been quite challenging. One of the issues I struggled with was worrying what my friends would think if they pressured me to drink with them etc. It is challenging being young and living with this particular issue. I know it will be easier with time but I had the chance to really put this to the test today...I was at a party that I had planned on going to since forever. Friends birthday you know. Didn't want to stay very long to avoid temptation and such drove so I would be forced to not drink. At one point me and a buddy went and wrote some shitty rap (just some dumb fun we have once in a while we aren't good we just find it hilarious). We showed it to our friends and another friend asked if I was sober to which I replied yes of course. He said to me "damn you're just as much fun sober!"..The takeaway here is that I'm a better person when I don't drink and it turns out I can still have a ton of dumb fun. This was a pretty big and inspiring lesson for me to learn...In 24 hours I will be 7 days sober. I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Ya I think about this a lot. I used I think I was fun drunk. I am fun drunk but all the personality and wit is still there when sober I just lacked the confidence to express it. It really kinda bothers me that I thought that way for so long. 
That's a great realization to make buddy. Young middle aged old we all worry about how others will view us. Turns out that my worrying was/is just as wrong as yours was! ..Congrats on your up coming week!
I think I am more fun sober. When I am drinking I get kindof sedated and just don't want to engage much. With my full energy I am a firestorm. Usually really good as things are just getting started and going but as more people get drunk I tend to just check out because now I'm surrounded by drunk zombies.
I am more fun when i'm sober. I am not rude and inappropriate. ..I am the master of my own fate &amp; Today i can change the world.  
Thanks for the encouragement. I just transferred to a new college and getting to know people while maintaining a sober lifestyle is a challenge but also very rewarding. To my surprise almost everyone I've met so far have been very understanding...Being sober at parties has come with a surprising side effect: I used to be quite shy when getting to know new people. Alcohol used to help but seeing as I'm in this subreddit you probably know how that went. Forcing myself to attend parties and club nights sober has made me a less socially anxious person outside of these functions. Had I continued drinking I'd still only come out of my shell when drunk...One day at a time!
I am definitely less social without alcohol. I'm no fun at all to be around in either case but I think with the alcohol I could somewhat let loose and at least not be the guy who's idly picking up trash and cleaning up while the party is still on going...It wasn't worth it.
Dominos probably thinks I'm more fun when I drink. Other than that I pretty much isolated even when I was with other people I would just kind of zone out. 
I thought that I was the life of the party when I was drunk! Wrong. I was the cringe worthy sloppy embarrasement of the party repeating the same sentences falling over saying exactly what I was thinking with no filter (aka saying very rude and hurtful things to ppl). I am looking forward to rebuilding all my relationships and having people get to know the real sober me! Multiple friends have told me they hate me when Im drunk and now that Im sober thinking about that kills me. I cant ever go back. Ill take being a nice quiet "boring" person than a sloppy rude embarrasing drunk.
[deleted]
