-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3j0i5g/how_to_tell_sponsor_about_another_drugrelated/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

What was your plan when you quit drinking? Did you have a plan for drugs too?  Have you had a problem with cocaine before? Something is causing you guilt and you need to explore that.  I think there are alcoholics that can use drugs recreationally...but they would need to be very honest with themselves prior to use about how it could affect their recovery.
I am not an expert in AA. I haven't done the steps but I know that the only requirement to be a member in AA is a desire to quit drinking. You haven't drank. I wouldn't reset my drinking counter if I was in your position. ..I am doing an addictions program that is for people who have alcohol drug and gambling addictions. We are all treated with the same therapy...It sounds like you don't want to do cocaine again. If I were you I would accept that I learned a lesson and move on. If I started using cocaine again then I would consider seeking a program that works for multiple addictions.
It is 2015. The idea of so-called "pure" alcoholics is going by the wayside. I know many people who are cross addicted and I myself have a penchant for dried goods as well as alcohol. To me it is all the same whether I take a drink smoke a bowl snort a line or take a pill not prescribed by a doctor I need to reset my date. ..Drugs and alcohol are interchangeable to me.
Well my friend as an AA Sponsor cocaine use is a relapse so here's what I would do.  Call my sponsor and ask him to meet me for coffee.  I'd be honest.  Afterall AA and sponsorship are based on honesty and trust.  It sounds to me like you understand all the lessons to be learned from this mistake don't be afraid of the lessons that you learned and don't walk away from your honest dealings with your sponsor.  In my experience it will be worth it.  Remember in this journey there is no finish line.  
My suggestion is you nip this now before it plants seeds sends out shoots convinces you that you might as well slip all the way...Call your sponsor you are not at zero you are at 9 or 10.  Take it from there one say at a time and you will be amazed how fast they accumulate.
I don't think anyone here can tell you what you absolutely need to do but I think that if you honestly ask yourself that question you will be able to feel what the right course of action for you is. Cocaine was never my thing but if I did cocaine I would absolutely consider it a relapse...I have had two people I was working with in AA relapse neither of them on alcohol. Both lied to me for a short period and both ended up telling me. They both apologized and I told them the same thing: .."I've been sleeping fine the last few weeks. You're the one who has been torturing yourself. I want the best for you and I don't want you to suffer but in the end I don't care if you lie to me. I would rather you not for your own sake. But I can't control if you do or not and I'm staying sober in either case. But honesty is the bedrock of my sobriety. If I'm not honest with myself and others then I need to take a good hard look at why I'm not. And you might want to do the same."..I didn't think any less of either of them for it and one just finished up the steps and is doing really well. The other recently contacted me and wants to start the steps over. As a sponsor I can't judge someone. All I can do is be honest with them and to show them what my sponsor showed me...Edit: another thing that was huge for me is destroying the idea of "getting away with it". I could have a drink today and no one would know. I could probably go score some opiates and take a hydrocodone before work every day for a month and no one would be the wiser. But I would know. Knowing what I know about myself I know that it is absolutely not ok for me to do either of those things so to do them wouldn't just be lying on everyone around me: it would by lying to myself. And that was the root of so many of my problems with drinking and using. 
