-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jk4f0/how_do_you_make_sure_you_do_not_get_caught_up_in/

Hello forum..So I went to the dinner tonight. I posted a week ago about this dinner. It was just me and two friends and they were drinking a bit but I was not. ..The other friend asked twice if I wanted a drink. He was like "Do you want a drink" and I said no and my other friend said "she doesn't drink."  Then a little bit later he said "you don't drink?" and he wasn't that drunk but he asked that and I had told him ten minutes before that I didn't and that really bothered me that he asked a second time.  I answered already dammit! I said "Yeah I said that already" and that was the end of that.  The evening was really fun and I had a great time.  ..I started getting worried towards the end because I noticed that I was not worried.  It worries me that I was not worried (10 months ago the last time I went out for dinner I was really worried.) ..I started to worry about not being worried because if I am not worried about avoiding drinking then maybe I will drink? I think I need to be worried so that I don't drink.  What if I get caught up in the moment and have fun like I was having tonight and so then I drink because I'm like "Oh this is fun I have no problems I forget everything I ever learned sure I'll have a drink." What if that happens?..I'm not sure how often I can go out.  We were just at a restaurant on a Thursday night nothing too crazy not a bar scene not a party scene and no one was being weird about my not drinking (except the double question when already answered.)  But they say that thing about a barbershop so how do I know if I can keep going out to dinner and not relapse? Do I make a rule that I don't go out to dinner very much? Do I just go out once a month or something? ..How do you go out with friends and enjoy dinners (I really like going to restaurants and eating good food and talking with friends - and most friends have time during the week only at night and I can't fit all my plans into only the weekend days all the time) and not relapse? If I keep doing this will I eventually relapse? How do you deal with this?
----------immediate responses--------

If I didn't feel 100% about being somewhere I wouldn't be there.  It's the difference between gambling and investing.
First off congrats on getting through dinner! Reading that it sounds to me like you can have fun without a drink which is great...Without knowing your situation too well but based on what you said I think your friends can be supportive as you tell them. Already one had your back about not drinking and if they all know they will stop asking eventually and you'll have less pressure to drink. You can even ask if you are comfortable for one to just make sure you don't drink anything...Of course if you feel that day that you can't handle it then don't go. But I think as long as for now you don't go out a lot and just once in a while with people who know your situation and who support you you can do it. Just remember to take it day by day and not drink. You can do it :)
[deleted]
If the person I am going out doesn't know me I make sure they know I am not drinking. Some people want drinking buddies so as a courtesy to them I tell them in advance so they know or can cancel or whatnot. Then I just order something that isn't a drink...If people are going to a bar just to drink I find an excuse not to go with them. That is boring for me.
I'm not sure what your sober time is but I agree that if you're worried about slipping back not going may be the best option. If you're not worried about *not being worried* take some time to reflect back on that. Was there a lack of concern because:..You feel complacent about alcohol being present? If so maybe give yourself more time. As a recovering alcoholic I am acutely aware of the presence of booze even when I have no intentions of partaking. It's like knowing there's a spider on the picnic table. I'm not running from it but damn sure I'm watching for it. If booze becomes neutral is that a step towards accepting it? That's for you to answer. ..You genuinely had no desire to drink? Then I wouldn't worry about your lack of worry. Somewhere along the line sobernauts develop confidence and that's a good thing! So long as it's not allowed to turn into hubris. ..I just have to add the way this was written out was fun to read. Thanks for the smile!
