-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jlgmw/7_whole_months/

I have not had a drop of alcohol in 7 months!! Its an amazing accomplishment for me and I'm gaining confidence in myself everyday. When I started on this journey I felt like I couldn't say I would never drink again because its like you need to prove it to yourself for a certain amount of time to even believe yourself. I do feel like I am able to do this now.....Ive learnt so much about alcohol addiction during this time too. Im almost embarrassed now to admit to how little I actually did know before this... I was in complete denial with my addiction. I always felt that 'everyone' drank like I did even though I hid the extent of my drinking from most. ..I feel like it's been a totally different struggle though than when I stopped smoking. It has made me realise that my addiction to nicotine is the same the with alcohol Im just one cigarette or one drink away from being hooked again. The difference is I have absolutely no desire to smoke ever again I haven't had a cigarette in 5 years but Im struggling some days to have the same mental attitude towards alcohol. I have read the Alan Carr book but I cant quite shake the feeling that Im missing out on something by not drinking... I still find myself looking wistfully at people laughing and drinking at bars and restaurants somedays... Maybe it will pass in time... I don't know... .. Thank you again to everyone here for the support and stories that keep me on track. You all rock!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! 7 months is great!
That's awesome.
Congratulations!
Congrats!!!
Amazing work!!
Woohoo!!!
Congratulations! I am with you on feeling more and more amazed in hindsight how obvious the problem was and how incapable I was of accepting that. I am noticing that I do this in other areas of life (relationships!) too.. I can't wait to see how clearly things look another seven months down this road we are all on...
Congratulations! I am with you on feeling more and more amazed in hindsight how obvious the problem was and how incapable I was of accepting that. I am noticing that I do this in other areas of life (relationships!) too.. I can't wait to see how clearly things look another seven months down this road we are all on...
