-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jnyz5/an_introduction_my_sobriety_relapse_and_the/

Hey everyone I just wanted to stop in and introduce myself. ..In March of last year I finally got my ass kicked by booze for what I thought was the last time. During my time of sobriety I was able to keep a job get a decent apartment get my license back get a car make some friends get in shape finish two degrees and the list goes on... I managed to accomplish all that with the help of a therapist (as well as finally taking the suggestions of all my prior therapists from both inpatient and outpatient facilities) and this sub (I have since begun using a different account). Things were going well. The desire to drink was gone and I was grateful. Despite all the good things happening in my life I kept having episodes of depression every few months. I always thought my depressive episodes were because of my drinking and if I stopped my brain would level off...well that didn't happen. The depressive trend continued exactly as it had when I was drinking. ..Fast forward a few months and things start to hit the fan. There was a failed rekindling of a relationship I had with a girl who I loved with all my heart. I lost her as a result of my drinking and consequently I accredit the hurt of losing her to motivate me to get sober. Following that I checked myself into the local psych hospital for depression. I left and three weeks later there was a death in the family--a suicide. I connected with another family member who is a heroin addict and tried to be a model of sobriety. ..But I had already relapsed and I didn't even know it. ..At some point between the failed relationship and the suicide I had started misusing Klonopin. It was prescribed once daily as needed but I'd take two every night whether I needed them or not. I was also acting out sexually. I was out almost every night with a hooker or another man (I'm straight). In complete denial of my drug and sex addiction I started going to NA meetings just so I wouldn't feel so damn lonely all the time. (I'd been in and out of AA since I was 18; I wanted something different). I considered myself to be totally sober because I still hadn't had a drink. Surprise surprise another depression comes along. This time I go to the ER. Having record of my history of depression and alcoholism they tried to send me back to the psych hospital. This was met with a resounding "fuck no" from me. The plan was then to sedate me send me home to stay with my parents and have me come back the next day. I was given a huge shot of Ativan. It had been a year and three months since my emotional distress had been completely quelled by a psychoactive chemical. I went to my parents' house to sleep off the benzos. I woke up and INSTANTLY the thought popped into my mind: I'm going to get drunk. And so I did. And I've been drunk ever since. From June until three days ago--an entire summer gone. ..Lost my job had a minor car wreck pawned my musical instruments had risky sex stole conned blah blah etc. ..So here I am. There's barely been a day that I've missed a meeting despite my struggle to stay off the hooch. I got a sponsor and worked step one...then drank a few days later. I pray and meditate nearly every day despite being an atheist. Honestly the story is fuzzy at this point and I'm starting to ramble. ..I'm about to leave for a cookout at my local treatment center. After that I'm going to a football game with my sponsor and his wife. ..Honestly I can't guarantee I'll stay sober today. That's genuinely too hard for me to commit to right now. But I can affirm the fact that for the next few hours I will be sober. ..Best wishes to everyone. This is truly a great place. 
----------immediate responses--------

Btw sorry for the long-ass post. And I didn't proofead it at all. I have no idea why I tried to post this via mobile...
The next few hours is all you have to concern yourself with then. And after that see if you can tackle it again. Welcome back. 
I recommend staying with your sponsor until you are ready to pass out asleep.  I had to stay with my sober friends until I was absolutely ready to go to bed some nights.  Whoever is willing to babysit you until you can be by yourself is who I would seek out.  Stay dialed into SD as much as possible this evening.  Make sure you go to bed sober no matter what...
Good luck mate you know you can do it!
Sounds like you are on the right track. It only takes one bad decision to ruin it all though.
