-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jqyhv/just_wanted_to_share_my_story_5_days_in_and_so/

Quick backstory. I am Irish-Italian. My father (Irish side) almost died of pancreatitis from heavy drinking his father died of liver disease from drinking and his father got so drunk one winter night he couldn't open his front door and froze to death on his front step. It's clearly in my family to struggle with this...I started drinking at 22 having abstained for a long time knowing my history. Once I started I never looked back. I am 32 now. My drink of choice is Evan Williams. In my neighborhood in Brooklyn I know all the liquor stores and alternate on a day to day basis to not look like as much of an alcoholic as I am. I usually drink at least a pint of whisky a night after my wife falls asleep sometimes more. Have done this 7 days a week for years now. She knows I have a problem but as a closet drinker she didn't realize how bad it was...Before that I worked at a theater in Times Square and would get drunk with coworkers between shows or in the locker room at work. The bartender there would slip me drinks when no one was looking. I am sure I reeked of booze all the time but everyone did it...I have to stop. I want to have kids and lose weight and not sweat all the time in the summer and not always have bad gas and bloating. I went to a birthday party last night and everyone was drinking but me and it was hard but I did it! I am 5 days in and if I can make it one month that's a start...Sorry for the long post. This sub has been my AA (been a lurker for a while). I love reading your stories your triumphs and sometimes missteps. We are not alone and that means so much. I just wanted to join in in case anyone else was trying to make the decision to quit. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Wow five days is incredible progress I definitely draw support from your achievement! Sounds like you have a lot to gain from sobriety and sounds like you're in the right place to find it. Welcome! Glad you decided to share! ..
Congrats on five days.  Hope you are feeling better and that will encourage you to keep it up!  It sure did for me.
Good on you for 5 days thus far!  Keep going! 
&gt;his father got so drunk one winter night he couldn't open his front door and froze to death on his front step...I had to read that three times. Never heard that one before. What a way to go....&gt;I am 5 days in and if I can make it one month that's a start...That's a good start already. Give each day all you got. Don't think of the future. A day at a time is all you need. You do that and you won't need to find of a better future. The better future will find to you.
Like others have said 5 days is nothing to sneeze at! Of course the urges are going to be with you for a while. But if you can do 5 you can do 10. 10 then 20. Etc... .  .Life is fleeting fragile and a relative flash in the pan. Dont waste your only moments alive drowning in booze! .  .Stay strong.
I lost a job last year because of my drinking. I essentially lost everything because of it. I have just over 6 months sober now (again this isn't my first rodeo) and things are looking up. Its hard sometimes but I find it helps to dive into my hobbies and family duties. Knowing I can be there for others really helps. I have better relationships with my family than I have in years. .. I applaud your effort Its damned hard to quit I tried for a year this time before I finally gave up and went to treatment. Keep it up man the best is yet to come!
You're doing well as it sounds like you have goals and you really want to quit. Just stay the course. It does get easier and over time you will begin to feel so much better you'll wonder what you ever liked about alcohol to begin with. The first couple of weeks are the hardest and it sounds like you're managing. Pat yourself on the back - you're doing great!!
Congrats bud. These days are the hardest but it's worth it
First few days are the worst/hardest. Muscle through a few more and it will start feeling more and more normal each day!
This is incredibly strange. Despite my badge I am recently 5 days sober. I also live in Brooklyn. My booze of choice is also Evan Williams (cheapest whiskey without being too vile)...On top of this I also went to a birthday party the other night where I was the only one not drinking. ..And SD is also my AA. I come here often for perspective. I frequent it during relapses during my good times and the bad. It's nice to have someone like you post. ..Brooklyn is a hard place to stay sober. Take it from me. It seems like everything we do socially is based around "grabbing a drink" with friends. But I know plenty of people who are living the life and not drinking. ..Let's make the most of our sobriety. ..If you need someone to reach out to I can maybe help you..Oh and mods if you see this... please reset my badge to 5 :)
Thanks everyone. What a nice response. This is the most useful subreddit I have found in a very significant way (and I frequent /r/asoiaf). If you ever feel bad about your past drinking feel better knowing you are good enough people to help someone else out anonymously online who needed the support.
Good luck. And make sure you have someone to call. This forum is great but having someone to be accountable to is better. Even just someone who is willing to listen and take your call knowing you are gonna be in a bad mood or state of mind.
First off congratulations on almost making it through your first week! That is a big deal and something to be proud of...How have you been managing so far? White knuckling? For me it really helped to post here every single day and follow a translated version of the 12 steps that I can PM you if you want.
Really good work to go five days Atom.  Probably the worst is past and things will start to look up about now.  I also use this sub as my support group and I am sober 6 months now!  Certainly I have had good and bad times but it is clear that none of it will be helped by drinking.  Keep up the good work.
Hey Tom Bombadil-o! Heh sorry. My story is similar to yours: family history of alcoholism constant cycling through liquor stores to hide my habit late night binge drinking after everyone else is asleep working while hammered cheap bourbon being the weapon of choice large quantities of said cheap bourbon on most if not all nights. We're where we need to be man...sober and talking about it with other sober people. I'm almost three months in and I already feel like a completely new person. I know everyone's mileage varies but I hope you find similarly awesome results in the coming months. Congratulations on five days! 
You can do it! One day at a time
Welcome! Reclaiming your life is a journey you will never regret.
You got this one day at a time!
You can do this.  Having heavy alcoholism in your family background is probably a factor in accelerating addiction - I have that too.  But alcohol is addictive period. Drink enough of it long enough you become an addicted drunkard alcoholic whatever.  ..Once I realized that alcohol was something I needed to learn how to *avoid* not learn how to *manage* I was set free.  I didn't feel like I was giving up some forbidden pleasure - I was releasing myself from slavery to a profitable addiction industry...It's not for everyone but I found the [Alan Carr book](http://www.amazon.com/The-Easy-Way-Stop-Drinking/dp/1402736479) which is also linked in the sub's sidebar a tremendous help.  It's in self-helpy tone and a slow start but after I read it I realized that I would never see alcohol or drinking the same way again.  
I have just finished day 1 and I found your story inspiring.  Getting through that birthday party must have been so hard.  For me yesterday I focussed on the fact that a lot of TV shows had alcohol in them - cooking + drinking getting away travel shows - drinking movies - drinking!  I hadn't noticed this before which is odd.
Good for you!  5 days is huge.  I too have the alcoholic thread weaving about my DNA. I have been said to have the proverbial hollow leg. Now I fill it with vanilla ice cream. Hang in there you can do this!
