-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jti8d/today_was_my_birthday/

Last Monday morning I woke up in the hospital with alcohol poisoning.  It was terrifying.  They told me my BAC was a .5... A FUCKING .5.  Holy crap.  They told me I should be dead.  I terrified my family and friends.  I haven't drank since.  ..Today September 5th was my birthday.  I was going to go Skydiving but it got cancelled due to clouds.  Me two weeks ago would have gone to the bar and started drinking.  But no my friends who I was supposed to go with took me to a delicious breakfast no drinks.  ..I came home and was bored two weeks ago me would have gone to the store to get some wine.  But instead I went to the dog park with my friend and played with some fun pups no drinks.  ..I had a delicious dinner planned at a great BBQ place two week old me would have probably gotten trashed however all 10 of my friends that were there knew I have been struggling and none of them drank I had two virgin margaritas.  I ate amazing had great conversation and danced to some good ole' live country music.  ..Walking home there was live music on the street all my friends and I danced and probably looked like fools.  We laughed so hard my sides hurt.  It did hurt a little that they all went to the bar and I went home but I realized I can only change myself and cant control what they do.  I know I will be happy when I wake up and feel good...SD this is the first birthday I can remember (besides childhood) where I have begun the day sober and ended the day sober.  I will have to admit... this is been the BEST birthday I have had since I can remember.  It was a truly genuine birthday with great people.  Its crazy how things can go from horrid to great in a matter of days.  I know I have a long journey ahead of me but today?  Today was a good day.  If I can be sober on my birthday I can do anything!
----------immediate responses--------

HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Sounds like a fan-freakin-tastic day!
Happy birthday!  And stick around.  It's way more fun here.
nice!! happy birthday! keep goin'!
Wow what a fantastic day - and you sure have a great group of friends.  I'm quite envious because my drinking has led to no real friends; so here I am on holidays on my own but at least it's day 2 of not drinking.  Things can only get better. :)  What is BAC?
Love this. Welcome!
Happy Birthday!! So glad for you that it went so brilliantly!! ..You can do anything :)
Happy Birthday. You are doing the right things. Keep it up! 
Great job keep it going! Happy Birthday! 
Happy birthday. 9/5 is my wife's birthday.
Reading this made me feel happier. Thanks for sharing your birthday with us! And great job on the sobriety! :)
It's so awesome that people in your social life are supporting you (if I'm reading your post correctly). Happy birthday!!!!
Happy Birthday! A memorable birthday is a great birthday! Keep up the good work!
Hey there HRdiva I didn't understand the .5 BAC because I have never heard of that level!  I went to hospital after breaking a bone with a reading of .168 and I was sooo sick (and very ashamed).  That you are not dead with a reading of .5 is utterly amazing!  It looks like you have been given the gift of life again for a good reason.  Maybe you will be talking about your story one day to an audience. :) 
