-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jx7yz/just_found_this_sub_and_wanted_to_share_my_story/

Didn't know this sub existed and saw someone link it from another thread. ..My story:..Well i started heavily drinking when i started doing construction work before that it was more of social drinking. Been in construction now 10 years drinking daily for the better part of it driving drunk about 80% of days. It went from weekends to eventually everyday sometimes all day and then mixing blow with it. The last 6-7 years i been pretty much drinking everyday and doing blow at least 2-4 times a month. ..My biggest regret is losing my family over it girlfriend left with our daughter which only made it worse. I do see her though and do not drink heavily around her maybe only a couple...In comes my new girlfriend who also had the same bad habits as me i knew it wasn't a healthy relationship but as i see it destructive lifestyles attract destructive people. So we started hanging out met her on tinder and everything was fun. We had fun sober had fun drunk and got along great plus the blow. We both knew our problem but didn't want to stop. We knew we should we talked about it this was her 3rd or 4th relapse i believe. ..Then 2 weeks ago shes up all night because she works evenings and of course we were drunk that night and did blow. I went to bed she didn't i wake up we do our thing and i leave for work like everything is fine. Fast forward 2 hours she has a seizure and is hospitalized. ..That was that and we quit. I haven't had a drink since her seizure and She's in a detox so has no access to it. I did it out of choice after seeing her in the hospital bed broke every heart string in me i didn't even know i had. She tells me i don't have to its my life which i respect but this is my decision and its the right one. Seeing her hospitalized was maybe the eye opener i needed who knows. Just hope i have it in me to stay sober...This is just something i wrote on the drive home from the hospital about how i see my drinking: ."I drink. I drink everyday until i can no longer afford it And i can no longer afford it not because of money but because it will end my life or anothers"
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Hello and welcome. In my sobriety I have found that seeing the destruction caused by addiction will scare me enough to stay sober for a day or two and then my brain begins to convince me that I am smart and special enough to avoid those particular pitfalls. ..I choose take some action every day to treat my illness just like a diabetic has to take insulin. Good luck!
What a massive wake-up call for both of you.  If you find the struggle too hard why not try rehab?  Good luck stay sober and good decisions will follow. :)
Keep reaching out and sharing. Because that is how you will make it. You will make it.
