-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3k0j5s/aa_is_infuriating/

going to these AA meetings has made me want to drink more.  I tried to explain to my sponsor that half of these steps are extremely steeped in accepting a god of a religion. I dont have a higher power i cant tell him to "accept me for my shortcomings" or some shit.  im getting a huge cult vibe from this and ive struggling to read 5 pages of my big book daily...even the for agnostics section can be summarized in " its ok you dont believe in god we can change that or you are doomed"..people saying that you can take the word god out of this program and work it are high. Its everywhere its like taking the word THE out of a novel.  why hasnt anyone made a true agnostic/atheist AA?
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe at four days it might be a little early in ones recovery to make conclusions about how AA works?  For me at four days I definitely thought I knew everything and I was 100% sure AA would never work for an atheist such as myself...Almost 5 years and over a thousand AA meetings later I am still an Atheist but I am also sober and I am thankful every day I didn't make an impulsive decision and quit so early in recovery.
My friend many of the SDers with considerable time sober are active AAs AND agnostic or atheists.  As one of those I found the biggest obstacle to my progress early on was *my attitude* and lack of tolerance for others. ..So here's my gift to you [the agnostic 12 Steps.](http://www.aaagnostics.org/agnostic12steps.html)
I'm an atheist and AA is working for me.   Try to concentrate on the things in AA that you DO identify with.  ..It helped me to work on step 1 for a really long time and ignore the others...Anything can be your HP.   A tree?  The sun?  Don't think about God in a traditional sense.
Your higher power doesn't have to be a god especially not right away. It can be anything that has more power over alcohol than you do. Which if you're anything like I was at 4 days was pretty much anything. Alcohol controlled me and all I had to do was find something that wasn't controlled by alcohol and give it the steering wheel. That was IOP for me...There are plenty of atheists in AA. I'm agnostic but I do believe there is a power greater than myself. That's not hard to believe. Talk to anyone who's been sober for multiple years and they'll all say they couldn't do it by themselves. I couldn't. The community is a higher power. Responsibility and accountability are higher powers. Get god out of your head. I don't believe there's an omniscient being out there and you don't have to either...Keep talking about it. Keep communicating your feelings. That's important. Keep ranting and raving if it keeps you sober. Right now that's the important part. 
I'm not going to rehash much here as the others posting here have great advice and experience for you but I will add one more short perspective. God is not my higher power. When I go to meetings however I use the word "God" because I don't want to waste time in a share or speaking to someone to explain my exact higher power to them. In an AA meeting God is a generally agreed upon term and indicator of "my personal understanding of a higher power"-- the full phrase just doesn't quite roll off the tongue. So you could quite possibly be at a meeting that has half or more the attendees who are also either atheist/agnostic or have some other understanding of a higher power they just say God like me because they are lazy. Latching onto the word God is preventing you from hearing the bigger message. I hope you can see past that...It feels culty until you give up your bullshit and trust the group. You have to trust *something* to help you in order for AA to work. All I knew was that my way was totally bullshit and I needed a new plan. Pass the koolaid.
&gt;people saying that you can take the word god out of this program and work it are high..That's not fair. What are you so pissed off about?
Some of the best advice I ever heard/read was:..Treat your head like a bad neighborhood. Don't go there alone and don't go there at night...At four days in I was still suicidal and very much sick both in body and mind. Relax. Get your biorhythms back to normal and just listen. You don't have to believe it all right away or ever just keep coming.
I support AA becuz it works for some ppl. That being said it doesn't work for everyone. No one way is the right way. If someone say it's AA or the highway they're full of shit. There are alot of ways to get sober. I by no means think I have it all figured out but I do have 9 months sobriety &amp; I don't do AA at all. Recovery is about finding out what works for u &amp; doing it. I'm glad AA works for some. Theres more than one way to choke a chicken..For me it's about not drinking ;)
AA helped me for a period of time before I decided to go my own way. I couldn't reconcile the idea of asking a doorknob to absolve me of my alcoholism either. I also had misgivings about sharing my deepest secrets with strangers particularly when I very quickly noted some members discussing others' step work. The last straw for me was stating in a share that I had conceded to being powerless over alcohol and a murmur of laughter and condescending sideways glances rippled across the room. Yes that was just one bad (cliquey) meeting but as I was taking the hour and a half long journey home crying in the corner of a tram whilst people avoided me I realised that it simply wasn't working for *me* as an individual. It works for some; I am not one of those people...The conclusion I drew was to take the steps and reflect on their significance to me decide what worked and what didn't and write my own program. The one thing that is very important to note here is that I then followed my own steps. The notion of fellowship is very important so I started volunteering at a local drug and alcohol service provider which I had used to help me get through the firsr month in conjunction with AA. I have slowly cut ties with the aspects of my life that could well lead me back to drinking (regular gigging house parties etc) and have started building my life in harmony with my own values- organic gardening artwork etc etc...AA is a very valuable tool and if you can continue to go just to be in the company of other sober people I highly recommend it. You don't necessarily need it long-term *but you do need something.* If you choose not to do AA you need to work out your own program. It seems that you've realised that moderation isn't possible for you so how can you ensure your own sobriety long-term?
Sorry to hear that.  You may want to consider foregoing AA and seek a therapist to deal with the anger issues.
[deleted]
It is not extremely steeped in accepting a 'god of a religion'. It tells you to use a Higher Power of your own understanding and explicitly says that AA is NOT allied with any sect denomination or religion. And ya know it works for plenty of people so why knock it? It seems like from your level of anger that whatever you're doing isn't working...
Why don't you just stick to this sub?  Sobriety is the most important thing for all of us and I think there is no magic way.  What works for some doesn't work for others.  The people on this site are so supportive and I love coming on this each day.  Keep that lion in the cage. :)
Relax  I felt that way too but there truly is a live and let live attitude in the meetings near me.  I am agnostic don't wear it on my sleeve and I do fine in AA...The steps can be done without Jesus Allah Buddha or  Caroline.    
There are secular versions I beleive? And many atheists in the program who work the steps somehow although I've never really understood how that works...There's also rational recovery and lifering and a ton of other non spiritual options. Wanting to drink more after meetings is a common phenomenon. It may pass it may not I don't know. If any parts of the program  work for you take advantage of that. But definitely look up the alternatives. Smart recovery was like a breathe of fresh air for me. Find whatevers working for you and go with it. 
Have you looked into Rational Recovery? It is completely secular and rejects many of the principles/beliefs of AA in its approach.
SMART recovery .org 
There are many fine posts in this thread. I just want to add my testimony that an atheist can feel home in AA. Once I have let go my grip just a bit it all started to make sense. At least to me. 
some cities have agnostic/aethiest aa mtgs.  i used the group as my higher power at first so i'd be comfortable going.
I don't do AA but I know where meetings are in case I get to a place where I need one. Humility doesn't require a higher power...It's a tool to use to get sober if you can do that without AA - all good. I know if I find myself struggling I'm not going to let my pride get in the way of getting help.
The group can be your higher power. Do they collectively know more than you do? Done. .There is too much positive to be gained to let yourself get caught up in the god stuff.
You'll sometimes hear the saying 'take what works and leave the rest.' Some people bristle at that but it made a world of difference to me. I think it's wise to at least consider the stories/advice of others who have been down the sober path but at the core of it we're all here to get and stay sober - that might take different paths for different folks. What will it take for you to stay sober today?
Are you going to the same meeting over and over?
/u/coolcrosby is absolutely right. Everyone has a different approach to sobriety. I know a guy in AA who is an atheist and is pretty outspoken about it he says that his higher power is just doing the next right thing. 
&gt;people saying that you can take the word god out of this program and work it are high...I am an atheist - I attend AA and NA work the steps and have a sponsor...My sponsor and the people in the rooms with more sober time than me are my "higher power"...There are other programs like SMART and most cities have some type of addiction services that use group therapy.  In my hometown there is no SMART and the cities addiction services sucks (bad experience for me created trust issues) so I go to AA...I don't love AA and the section in the Big Book "for the agnostics" pissed me off royally.  In the end I became a firm believer in "take what you can use and leave the rest".  So I leave the God stuff at the door and use the tools that help keep me clean and sober.
You're 5 days in my friend.  None of the things you mention are what they seem on the surface....Part of you getting better is accepting you don't have all the answers....Those folks in AA have figured out how to stay sober.   Try not judging so much and just listen with an open mind.   ...I'm over 2 years in AA and don't believe in god.   The Higher Power tool is essentially a technique for discarding negative thought patterns and forming new positive ones...I can't tell you how many 'aha' moments I've had in the rooms where a phrase I used to ignore suddenly makes sense now I have some real context....5 days is a momentous achievement; well done.  However I'm sure you have way more than 5 days of hard drinking under your belt.   It's going to take some time to bounce back....
[removed]
The first time I tried to be sober I was having a hard time with AA. Honestly I think that was one of the reasons why I started drinking again. I am now trying again for the second time have been sober for 6 days. I felt like the 12 Step program was condescending and I didn't really quite understand why I had to do certain things like tell a complete stranger my sex inventory. I definitely think that I have a problem with drinking but maybe not exactly as the program is designed for. I'm a social drinker but tend to have a few really bad nights every couple weeks that cause me to black out. Other than that I don't really drink on weekdays and can go some nights being "okay". But I know I am an alcoholic because I have these horrible nights and obsess over alcohol over escaping. ..I guess AA was helpful going to meetings and hearing that I was not alone that others too had troubles with alcohol. But honestly the 12 step part really turned me off in the fact that I don't think I'm "powerless" and that I had to disclose really personal things to someone who honestly was not really mentally well herself (she was a fellow alcoholic not a trained therapist). She had a lot of issues with depending on men for happiness and the like. It frustrates me that AA relies so heavily on the sponsor-sponsee relationship. I'm sure this program does work for many but I know there must be others who also have had similar concerns as I do. Would really like to stay sober this time around but don't know how much of AA I really want in my life besides the occasional meeting if I need it. Any thoughts?  
