-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3k2onr/124_days/

This has been a hard summer. .. During the first couple of weeks of sobriety I was floating with joy.  My head was clear I wasn't hungover my body functioned and my number twos were nice and solid.  I've since heard that time period referred to as "the pink cloud" and wow is that accurate. .. After that wore off I realized that life isn't just going to be magically perfect simply from not drinking. I've had a lot of work to do continuously in order to maintain my sobriety and learn new coping mechanisms that honestly I probably should have picked up when I was a teenager.  It's been a struggle...So I've watched as milestones have rolled by - 30 days 90 days mathematically interesting numbers.  I've been here pretty much every day sometimes posting sometimes reading.  I really don't know if I would have made it this long without this sub to come to.  But I haven't felt that surge of pride that urges me to post and share how happy I am like I did during the early days. I've known I was doing the right thing I just felt more tired and resigned than proud and joyful... until now.  ..Something has changed and I think it has a lot to do with me finally admitting to myself that I really might not ever be able to drink again.  And while that still frightens me I feel like I am coming to accept it.  I think what I'm doing here is taking the first step.  It took 124 days but I have a problem.  Up until now when I thought about the future I kind of had to mentally photoshop the drink out of my hand.  I'd realize that everything was going to be different and it would make me anxious.  More and more lately I'll think of the future and although I understand that things are going to be different without drinking it feels more set in - not like something I have to keep realizing over and over.  And I feel good for the first time in a while.  ..So hooray for 124 days! It may be a random number but it's a milestone for me.
----------immediate responses--------

The wind is at your back buddy :)
Great post /u/Gnashy --both you and /u/mclensky have awesome "middle passage" posts this morning.  We get through the early early days and now we "go to work."  For me it began with the process of clearing away the wreckage of my past and that began with taking "inventory."  
Keep doing
Lovely post - I can relate to a lot of what you describe.
Thanks for this post. I really appreciate the posts that discuss the reality of quitting drinking.
Amazing work thank you for sharing your success. 
I can relate what an interesting summer.Like [/u/coolcrosby](https://www.reddit.com/user/coolcrosby) says I'm taking inventory otherwise known as AA's Step 4. What has helped me thus far is working through the first three steps with a sponsor. I've learned that I'm not in control of my sobriety.It's helped me a great deal. Good luck and congratulations on 124 days. 
Something shifted for me after four months. I moved towards accepting and embracing sobriety I started putting more into my life and sobriety. It was a nice shift with acceptance things got easier; with action thing became more rewarding. I took up cardio and I even stepped out if the shadows and started posting here a short while after :)..Congrats on 124! You're nearly at 2^7 = 128 days :) I'm a big fan of 2^n milestones :D
