-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kkgfq/im_so_excited_to_get_sober/

Well guys it happened I hit a new low last night. I got arrested. I'm lucky that I wasn't brought to jail or charged with anything but I was handcuffed and placed into the back of a police car outside of a bar. Pretty humiliating. I was also driven home to my parents house who were thrilled to have their drunken daughter brought home by the cops. ..This is a blessing in disguise though. I feel SO ready to quit drinking. Like I finally want it so bad. The other times I've quit after my relapse weren't real attempts. I feel the same way I felt the morning I quit back in Oct 2014 that lasted 7 months. ..I have rehab forms filled out and I've sent them to a few places (well my counselor did). I've told all my drinking friends not to contact me. Told everyone I'm going back to sobriety and this time it's not met with "really? why?" its met with "Good you better". ..I don't have much of a plan yet besides that. I'm in a good place with my job right now which was what caused me to relapse in the first place. I plan not to go into the office on Fridays and just work from home to avoid the Friday work beers at least for now. ..I'm seriously PUMPED. I know I need to be super careful because while I'm hungover and gung ho now that will probably change. I'm so excited not to feel like this anymore though. I'm so excited to go back to saving money losing weight and feeling good every morning. Getting back into AA and seeing my addiction counselor on the regular. Feels real this time yo. ..[I'm back baby](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-1XQgOVPHJS8/Uh5paxyVpII/AAAAAAAAD50/1K3hYQjYZU0/s640/Joey-Gifs-friends-16541917-500-195.gif). 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back /u/SDstrawburry -- you know how this whole deal works let's do it.
Hey /u/SDstrawburry! For no particular reason at all I recognize your username from back when I used to read this sub every day. I quit back in March of 2014 and it looks like we went back out at around the same time. ..I just feel compelled to wish you all the best. Congrats on the time you managed to get; that's a great accomplishment. Keep making progress; I believe in you. ..P.S. Getting arrested SUCKS. 
Welcome back! I also remember you being quite active last year. I posted as cracketpot_ for a while.  Sorry to hear about your relapse but glad to see you're coming back with gusto. One day at a time together my friend. 
It took handcuffs for me to realize just how far I'd fallen - well that and a night in jail. I haven't looked back. My life is sooo much better than it was prior to my arrest
Welcome back. Good luck. 
Thank you for coming back strawburry :)
Welcome back. I'm with you - let's stay sober. It's wayyyyyy better :)
Phew glad to have you back on board \o/..Good luck :-)
Yay! Great to have you back looking forward to seeing you around.
It's good to have you back. It's really good.
Your enthusiasm is very catching! Welcome back :)
Good for you! For me the first few weeks were the hardest. But my mood got SO much better and I had energy to do things. And the longer I went without drinking the easier it got to just say no. Wishing you the best. 
we've been waiting. ready to get back to living life?
well guess what?! ..YOU HAVE ASS TO KICK AND THAT ASS'S NAME IS ALCOHOL. ..So do it different and for reals! ..Keep it clean and keep coming back.   We usually say keep the shiny side up as well but we are literally 90% bikers in my home group so...if that applies. lol. ..Welcome back.  Lets make it two days eh?
Welcome back!
welcome back!
So glad to hear from you and that you are making this leap! It was sad to see you stop posting. :(
Glad you made it back. 
