-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kq4eb/my_boyfriend_just_came_home_wasted/

Good evening everyone...I'm lying on the sofa at my boyfriend's flat and I feel like my heart has been pulled out of my chest. ..I'm seven months sober. It took me the culmination of over a decade of drinking to get to this point (I'm 27) and I'm very proud of myself. It has not been easy; I've lost a few friends because the drinking culture here in the UK is a big deal and even now I find myself trying to lowkey convince myself that just one pint won't hurt...I met my boyfriend three months ago and we just clicked. I was happy on my own but I was instantly comfortable around him in a way that's very rare for me. Being a female binge drinker for so long has left me very wary of men. He had recently quit drinking too having struggled to moderate for some time. "I once woke up in the boot of a car" isn't something you should have to tell someone and it's even worse that I could sympathise with that story...So yeah we've spent a lot of time together. Our relationship hasn't been built around sobriety but I made it clear that I couldn't be in a relationship with someone who drank. Being with someone sober was a relief to both of us...Until tonight. I knew when he left his car and caught the train to his friend's stag do that he was facing a pretty much textbook Ultimate Test in sobriety. I was really anxious but assumed if he did crack that at the worst he'd text me and I'd catch a ride home rather than staying at his place and waiting up for him...No. Crashing through the door at 11PM phone and keys and cigarettes all over the floor. Six months of his sobriety reset. Incoherent. He kept repeating "I drank. I didn't want to but I did." Honestly being around him like that and smelling the stench of alcohol on his breath was like torture for me. I just started crying...I feel like we've already broken up. I was adamant that I'd never put myself in this position. There's no way to say it without sounding controlling but our relationship was reliant on us staying sober together. And yet lying here crying feeling like it's already over.. I feel sympathetic. I've been here countless times I know the struggle. I'm hurt that he drank knowing how important it was to me to Us but I recognise how the need can override anything. I've done some horrible things. If it was me I'd want him to break up with me but our drunk behaviours are different perhaps. He only mentioned hurting himself...I guess it all depends on how he is when he wakes up. I love him and I know; I'd tell anyone else that three months is nothing in the long run but part of me hopes he'll be remorseful enough to avoid landing himself in a room full of beer in future. That this is the reality check like the reality check I had. He drank on medication. I can't worry every time he meets his bro friends at the pub for an evening...I saw a future with this guy. To be honest I still do. Am I being stupid? Please share with me your experiences.. I feel totally lost.
----------immediate responses--------

I have no idea what to say in terms of staying with someone who is struggling. I hit the jackpot with my husband who doesn't drink but isn't a recovering alcoholic. ..I feel like saying "everything is possible in sobriety you two may have a fantastic sober life together" but I don't want to lead you on. I've seen entirely too many stories about couples struggling together and things getting ugly and nasty...Congratulations on not drinking over this. I don't know what the relationship holds for you but you've got a great head on your shoulders and you're really working recovery by asking us for help.
Many sober people who attend drinking events plan to drink even if they don't admit it to themselves.  Not all but many.  If that is an issue his struggle may last for a very long time.  Some people never stop lying to themselves.  Which is extra frustrating to those around them. ..It sounds like you're thinking clearly &amp; are balancing all the right issues.  I know it's not an easy situation.  I have no advice other than to keep thinking &amp; talking about it.  I'm sure you'll do the right thing for you whatever that may be.  ..Great job. 
I've got nothing to add but wish to say good luck.
I know that many of my good friends in AA have found a lot of help through Al-Anon. They may be able to help you better in this regard. I'll be thinking about you.
Love to you and your boyfriend. I've been in both positions and neither feel right. 
Sorry for the novel! ..**TL; DR:** It's not selfish to stand up for yourself and know your self worth. You can love him and care for him but but don't forget to love and care for yourself too!..Dear jaye..First of all I want to say good on you for not drinking!..Second I was in your shoes two years ago. I went sober and my boyfriend at the time was still running himself ragged with a reckless lifestyle. There were numerous nights he would come home and pass out with vomit on the floor or just be a complete asshat to me because he was going through a rough patch. There were numerous "morning afters" where he would apologize profusely or go out and buy me a card and flowers and tell me "it would never happen again" but like a song playing on repeat I put myself through it again and again. Time after time I told myself I couldn't put myself through it anymore but the love I had for him was so strong and I cared about his well-being so much.....Then I snapped out of it. I finally amped myself up and realized my own self worth. I didn't want to live that life anymore I didn't want to have such guilt for his actions I didn't want to feel like crap every time he would come home drunk I didn't want to always have a lingering feeling of whenever he would drink that "this is it it's over." I realized that it's not selfish to care about yourself and we both knew where we stood on the issue. The day I stood up for myself  I told him that I loved him and that I wanted him to be happy and I'm not trying to control him and I never have. If he found that being drunk brought him more happiness than an adventure with me then I wanted him to live his life to the fullest and that he's a grown man and can make his own decisions. I also wanted him to know that I would no longer be a part of his life and I wish him the best. ..That was two years ago and things have not been perfect but he doesn't drink like he did before and his asshat personality has yet to rear it's head. He has admitted he has a problem and has asked me for help. We have amazing communication  and I know that's what has helped us get this far. Plus we're married now and have started a family as well!..I'm sharing this with you because it hits so close to home for me and it brought back those feelings of hurt and helplessness but I look at us now and look at how far we've come but only because of our communication  and his efforts to pull himself together. ..Keep your lines of communication open as well as an open ear. But also know that it's not selfish of you to think about yourself and know your self worth. You can love him and care for him but don't forget to love and care for yourself too! ..Sending positive vibes your way! :) 
For what it's worth I would recommend giving him another chance. I know they were certainly given to me. Forgive but do not forget. I wish you both all the best.
I think if you relapsed and he dumped you for it that would be really sucky. But I understand why you're having those thoughts. Drinking at pubs in the UK is really expensive you must be saving a fortune.
Honestly I feel like he needs your love now more than anything. I am 2 years sober now from a drinking problem and I feel like if I ever did drink again it would've been the worst time of my life and I would want my girlfriend there for me knowing that she loved me unconditionally and that she would be there to help me. People make mistakes sometimes you're lucky you even were able to date someone who drinks so little...I also totally understand your feelings as an over thinker who thinks my relationship with my girlfriend is ending every day lol...And i also understand having your S/O drinking not being ideal. It's hard watching my girlfriend drink not because I feel like I have to drink but because she's mean when she's drunk lol. But I love her none the less..I hope this helped some I just want to say that I am not you and that you only know what's good for you. Good luck. 
He's an adult and free to make his decisions so are you. You can choose to leave or stay but you can't choose his path for him. 
This is my nightmare in a relationship with someone also newly sober. I have some idea about what I would do in this situation but my situation is not yours. You don't have to make a decision tonight or tomorrow or this week. Let your alcoholic mind rest tonight (you don't have to fix this right now the world has not ended) and tackle your next step tomorrow. Just don't drink. 
And therein lies one of the paradoxes of alcoholism... We have to have a degree of selfishness to protect ourselves but I also worry that some of us can insulate ourselves so much we can end up pushing others away. That said I completely sympathise with your situation. And I completely sympathise with your boyfriend because we've all been there...My instinct is to advise you to reassess in a few days time because it sounds like you have a head full of conflicting emotions right now and why wouldn't you. Hopefully your fella can be fully honest about the event. If he can't that might be telling. Finally if you both end up in AA (I'm not punting it here but it may be an avenue y decide to take) I'd strongly advise you go to separate meetings! Good luck and let us know how you get on. 
I recently ended a relationship with someone I care about very much because I knew that the relationship wasn't good for me emotionally (I wasn't able to be emotionally healthy in it). It is very easy for me to focus on the other person debate what is "fair" to them pick apart their flaws to try to figure out why *I* am feeling so stressed out and unhappy etc...At the end of the day I'm responsible for myself. No matter how great that person is or what I feel they "deserve" from me my primary responsibility is to ask myself: Is this healthy for me?..For me and my relationship the answer was "No." It sucks and it's been hard. I'm not saying you will do the same thing as me or that you should. I just know that for me if I become focused on someone else's behaviour over a long period of time it means I'm avoiding something about mine. ..Just my two cents and obviously a very different situation than yours.
It generally turns out bad when someone with less than one year of continuous sobriety dates.  As in 1 successful relationship out of thousands.  Countless relapses and way too many deaths.  Just not worth putting anything before sobriety...I waited a full year into my sobriety before dating.  During that time I worked all 12 steps and became somewhat able to be in a healthy relationship...Whatever you decide and do please put sobriety first.  It takes emotional maturity honesty truthfulness ability to effectively communicate and sober life skills to be in a good sober relationship.  Give yourself and the other person the opportunity to get there first...I have a fried who had his one and only relapses in that exact same situation.  He's been sober the past 18 years since...Put yourself first.  That's allowed and expected especially in early sobriety...
Sorry to hear this. It is very hard to even know yourself in early sobriety much less deal with another newly sober alcoholic. The probability of one of you drinking is very high...Dealing with all of the emotional swings is tough anyway without throwing someone else's in on top of it. Give yourself a chance to fully detox before adding any issues that are easily avoided...Go to a meeting soon and get some support from your sponsor. ..As to the future Who knows? I have been married for 26 years now after sobriety and I think it will continue to work out but the future is the future and we can't ever know what it will bring...The guy may very well be who you choose to spend your life with but you do not have to make that decision today.
