-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kwcdc/first_smart_meeting/

Hi Sobernauts ..I decided to check out my first SMART Meeting today as a new one was up on the website and its not as far away as the few other ones in Melbourne. ..I was unfortunately the only person besides the facilitator to attend.  He was really nice and asked if I still wanted to go ahead.  I said I was happy to if he was  but was ok to come another time if too awkward...He told me from the get go he's not fully trained  and that he's started it up because he was disappointed there were no central meetings in Melbourne.  We ended up having a really good chat for an hour about my drinking  and his drinking and gambling. It blows my mind that people are so friendly and so willing to help others. ..He's told me what the meetings are normally like (with more people worksheets  and robust discussion) and I really want to check one out!!! He's said this one hasn't had many people since its been running  so may not survive which is a shame. ..I had a really negative experience at AA last Thursday. I was in a topic meeting and the topic was 'higher power' something I've been able to get around in the past.  This time  this whole meeting  really reinforced in my head how important the 'higher power' concept actually is in AA...  I've been really good at looking for similarities not differences and the whole 'take what works for you and leave the rest'  up until then. I've had people say use the 'Group of Drunks' or a tree  or gravity  or the ocean  but I just really struggle with the idea that a higher power I don't believe in will restore me to sanity. ..Sunday  I was at the football  and I genuinely felt powerless over alcohol. It was not a good feeling. Part of me really wondered how much of that was because of how much I've been reinforcing that lately  with four AA meetings a week. ..Sorry if this sounds like AA bashing  I don't mean to do that  and I've got a lot out of it and met some really great people  I am just genuinely starting to believe that my beliefs don't really align with it.  I talked to the guy in the SMART Meeting today and he actually made me realise that I've been to over 50 AA meetings  and I've only left one feeling the way I did on Thursday  and told me about the halo effect. ..This is turning rambly again  but I am hoping that anyone here can give me their experience with SMART recovery. Has anyone done it and kept up AA? I don't want to lose touch with the people from AA I've met  and that's an easy way to bond. ..Thanks friends
----------immediate responses--------

[Image](http://i.imgur.com/ABdOIJc.jpg)
That's my biggest issue with aa too whatta surprise. It's not that I have anything against believing in a higher power to restore u to sanity in fact I'm incredibly jealous of people who cultivate that naturally and work it in their program. Religion is the opiate of the masses or whatever. I'm sure believing in God or hp makes people very happy...I was raised atheist/agnostic and that's probably part of the issue. I was actually a very spiritual child and would pray and stuff despite never being taught. But now I feel very out of touch with spirituality aside from the intellectual sense. I intellectually enjoy spirituality but I'm way too much of a skeptic to believe there's a higher power to restore me to sanity :/. ..Anyway post raises a lot of really good stuff methinks.
&gt;He's said this one hasn't had many people since its been running so may not survive which is a shame...Early days? You said it's only just appeared on the website? My local meeting can be small sometimes. Suits me I'm less comfortable in big groups! I guess there's opportunity to grow - everything has to start somewhere...I've been attending SMART recovery for three months now. Partially it's because I'm aligned with the approach and wanted to apply the tools and techniques. Partially it's because I'm an introvert and I wanted to stretch myself and interact with people in the flesh and because I wanted to start building a wider support network rather than leaning too heavily on my husband...And it's giving me what I hoped it would - human contact tools a fixed time each week to focus. And it's humbling I might go into a meeting to share about my rubbish day/week and then someone shares their struggle it helps with perspective! There are plenty of attendees who use other recovery groups including AA (we're currently hosted in a partner organisation so there's a variety of alcohol services available)...In a way for me it is like attending my weekly pilates class. I can exercise other ways (and I do) having a class makes sure I get a structured session once a week. I can't comment on AA but sometimes I'll dip into a yoga or tai chi class too other times I might just go for a walk or cycle. I'm avoiding high-impact aerobics and running because knees suck :)
I know folks who work both...Also NA have just started .*MELBOURNE "Beyond belief" The Multi Cultural Hub 506 Elizabeth St Special Interest meeting for atheist agnostic free thinking and all addicts seeking recovery* 6:30 pm Fridays ..I haven't been myself but know lots of Melbourne atheists in recovery by lots I mean more than two...
Interesting concept I don't know a lot about SMART but fundamentally the programs seem to be at odds with each other because of the powerlessness required by AA and the exact opposite in SMART -- how do you do both? I would be interested in hearing more from those that do.
A lot of people use SMART for their actual recovery and use aa just for the fellowship aspect since there are more 12 step meetings than smart meetings. It's actually really common and is how I heard about smart when I was still attending aa. ..There is only one smart meeting a week in my area but now that I'm 4 years clean that is all I use. I can still go to aa if I really need a meeting but I don't get much out of them anymore and I much prefer the smart format and tools. .
I'm an atheist in AA and sometimes the language can still bug me out. ..Doing the steps especially 4 through 9 endeared the AA program to me and helped me see the usefulness of it all...The higher power thing I could talk about at extreme length about how I manage it as an AA member with no belief in god but for now I'll just say that it is possible. ..SMART may also be helpful too! I don't think they are incompatible in any way. There is a way to work an AA program your way that would be compatible with other people in other programs. That's just my opinion.
[removed]
I will just say this. I am a very active AA member and have no belief in any sort of god or supernatural force. I simply use the collective experience and support of the program as my "higher power". All I need to know is that I am not god. As silly as that sounds I tried to control everyone and everything in my life as if I were. The good news is nobody gives a shit what I believe and quite frankly it is irelavent. What matters is how I choose to conduct myself the actions I choose to take. The program works just fine whether you are highly religious or an ardent atheist. I just had to stop caring what other people thought of me. You see I have a skewed perception. I will to conform to/ or fight what I THINK people want of me. When in reality they aren't thinking about me. They are thinking of themselves. I'm starting to ramble so I will shut up...edit: this is not to discourage you from your SMART meetings. Do whatever works for you.
[deleted]
I am powerless over alcohol--and my life was becoming unmanageable. SMART Recovery is my primary recovery framework. It hasn't made alcohol any less powerful. In SMART I  have learned tools and skills that make my sobriety my not-drinking my **choice**. I've become stronger more rational better able to cope with the power alcohol has over me...I'd encourage you to keep trying the SMART meeting. Dig into the website and the [slideshows are a good place to start](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/learnaboutsmart.htm).  From the SMART side of things there is no problem using AA God church of your choice yoga exercise doorknobs radiators or other programs if it helps your recovery. Several of my friends from SMART are active in NA. I dip into AA meetings now and then. Some I like some leave me wishing for my time back. I'd encourage you to keep trying the SMART meeting dig into the webstite
