-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l2bav/so_here_i_amstruggling_for_motivation/

Ok so I've been lurking on here for a loooong time. We'll here is my story...I Drink that's what I do. I excel in my job (typical 9-5 office setting) am outgoing go getter "well liked" by most of my coworkers but when I get off all I do is drink. No one would ever suspect because I can drink normal socially all the while I know I have an image to up hold and a bottle waiting for me at home. Alcohol has not negatively affected my life for the 5 years I've been drinking daily (mostly alone and a few bottles of rum a week) but I still just feel something is not right. I think I want to quit but it's hard to find motivation because life is good maybe just some sort of void. Not sure what the point of this post is just looking to get feedback from someone who may have been in a similar situation...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; it's hard to find motivation because life is good....If it helps to hear it for many of us life was good....until it wasn't. The health problems grow the financial cost adds up and the life lived grows more sad and empty...Unfortunately almost no one will quit because someone elses life sucks. The questions to ask yourself are would your life be better without drinking? Do you want to ride the elevator to the bottom floor or step off a few floors earlier than some of us did? Would you consider quitting drinking for a month or two and thinking about your drinking from a sober perspective?.
If you have been lurking for awhile I'm sure you've seen posts like yours you probably have seen the [Baby Steps link too.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) Here's the thing about motivation it like the cart before the horse.  That's why we frequently suggest something like a 30 60 or 90 day challenge.  At least the horse is in front of the cart and with some forward momentum you may find sufficient clarity to feel motivated.  Oh and how to begin that's where the Baby Steps come in.  Good luck.
That's me. Daily drinker mostly alone but outwardly things appeared in order. So when I tell people I've quit drinking they always ask "Why?!?" I didn't have a problem right? But only I could decide if I had a problem. And I rationalized it (ok just made excuses it) for a long time. My career was good I had a fantastic wife and a lot of great friends. But inside my confidence was being slowly consumed my anxiety was increasing and in rare moments of honesty I was ashamed of myself. Getting sober wasn't and isn't an immediate fix to these problems but it's allowed me to work on them. And while life is still not all sunshine and roses it's amazingly better. 
While there are many things that can motivate you to quit drinking here is one that I liked that my doctor told me once. He said "Obviously you know all of the dangers of what you're doing to the inside of your body but let me give you another reason for you to quit drinking and that is vanity. Have you ever looked at someone and you could totally tell that they drink a lot because of the way they looked?  You're in your early thirties and that time is going to catch up with you real quick." My face looked different (real sunken in and black rings around my eyes) my skin was dry my hair was greying my body looked sickly. So if you want some motivation and you can't find anything else that sticks do it because you're vain :-)..I look way better and receive compliments on how great I look all the time. I never really was a stuck-up or vain person but for some reason when he said that to me my response was "oh crap"...But what I like most about sobriety is my clear head better job performance the ability to take care of my children the best way I can and to be the best wife for my husband. Free time is also awesome...The negative health symptoms of drinking hit me hard at about the age of 32.
There is also this..http://imgur.com/GpxZna3
Things dont go well forever for a heavy drinker.....At least you arent waiting too long.  I didnt wake up until i was 36...I can only remember bits and pieces of my 20s.  Like all a blur...Heard from a friend that a girl i dated for a few years in austin passed away went to look it up online and realized i cant even remember her last name...I would definately recommend stopping.  If alcohol were invented today i am sure it would be illegal.
