-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l5sdj/had_a_dream_about_drinking_a_bad_dream/

I had a dream I had a few beers while out with my brother. An incredible feeling of guilt mixed with desperation as though I have lost something precious were dominating my dream creating a suffocating anxiety... ..And then I woke up. No rotten taste in my mouth no headache no guilt... "Oh good it was a dream'' and I went right back to sleep...Later I thought about it and it seemed ironic. When I was drinking I would wake up happy for the first 2 seconds and then shiver in dread as regret and embarrassment mixed with horrible thirst squeeking sound in my ears and acid reflux emerged to remind e of the night before... Oh how I hated these moments... When I had nowhere to go I used to stay in bed paralyzed by fear to face any human being and incapacitated by the poison. Until the sunset when I would get up and go searching for booze to forget all about that pathetic day... ..I love my 66 days I don't want to loose them. I feel if I relapse it is going to take months and years again before I can forgive myself and try to get a better life. I got to stay strong my future depends on it.
----------immediate responses--------

I like that way of looking at it like everything's turned around. The nightmare is no longer the reality now just confined to dreams. ..Keep going!
The drinking dreams remind me why I am sober.  Its like my my mind realizes that I need some type of assurance that I am on the right track and shows me what my life would be like again if I was drinking.  Great job on 66 days!
I've had 3 vivid drinking dreams since I got sober.  The most recent one was a few months ago.  Long-timers have told me they may keep coming and that's ok with me.  It sounds like you know your personal consequences from relapse and I'd bet you don't want to feel all those shitty feelings.  In your moment of weakness you somehow need to remember it's just not worth it.
My drinking dreams have progressed to where I'm now resetting my badge or thinking about it after I get 'drunk'. I have a lot of drinking dreams for someone who feels so far from relapse...That is sweet what you said about your days. Sober days are precious and so are u  .
Those dreams! The guilt the panic and then the relief. I know them well...We got this sober twin :)!
