-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l6haj/30_days/

I keep a recovery app on my phone and today it reads 30 days. A conservative estimate would allow me to say the last time I went 30 days without drinking was a decade ago. ..I spent an entire decade in the wretched fog of alcoholism. ..I read the article in the Atlantic regarding Naltrexone and its relative obscurity and that along with the realization that not even my drunken self put any purchase in my lies and rationalizations anymore prompted me to take Naltexone. ..I suppose I shouldn't put much emphasis on days without drink. Conversely I could dwell on the days I spent in oblivion. .I miss the chaos of drinking sometimes; the initial camaraderie of having drinks with friends (until I horrified them and pushed them away with my prolific consumption and bottomless supply of crude behavior) and I certainly find discomforting the awkward order of "diet coke" and the wave of "you're not drinking?" inquiries. I crammed a lifetime of drinking into a decade would be the honest response and any euphemistic excuse is probably decoded right away by my audience; they probably figure I was/am an alcoholic...That was my world for so long that as I move away from it I can't help but feel uneasy. But I also feel happy in a resigned kind of way that I don't have to be in that world anymore. I have control and I believe I will keep control...If my Dad were here he would be proud that I made it this long. A damn shame I spent my whole 20s spiting his entreaties to stop drinking. ..I don't have anyone in my life that understands the depths and complexities of alcoholism and so I appreciate this forum and its inclusiveness and understanding. ..It is worth the struggle I would never go back to that addled world. I wish everyone strength and success in their effort to live under the umbrella of sobriety. Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of you and I bet I'm old enough to be your dad.
Nice work
Thank you for the kind words. I hope my constitution allows me to reach the days of sobriety you two have. Congratulations to both of you. A testament to your fortitude and commitment. Something I am learning about very quickly...
Congrats on 30 days!!! Keep doing what you're doing and stay vigilant! Strength + blessings!
High five star buddy!
