-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l970h/i_dont_know_how_to_describe_the_situation_im_in/

I don't really know where to begin with this.  I'm reluctant calling myself an alcoholic but it's probably for the same reasons anyone is when they're struggling with it.....I make decent money.  I'm healthy active and in decent shape.  I don't feel I "drink to get drunk" (although once I've started drinking I'd prefer to get drunk).  I like high end beer and wine and drinking them is a full experience to me that brings me a lot of joy...2 years ago I lost my job (unrelated to drinking) and that whole summer I barely drank.  I had actually drastically cut back a couple weeks before that.  Before I cut back I was at 5-6 nights a week and admittedly there were plenty of streaks of a few weeks in a row of drinking.  That said I wasn't going on benders.  A bottle of wine while sitting quietly in my room reading playing video games or just at my computer.  A handful of beers doing the same.  Always going to bed on time waking up on time and remaining productive...As I said I cut back tremendously.  Once every few weeks I'd have a few beers.  I think I even went close to a month without a drink.  This wasn't an intentional staving off of alcohol--in the mean time I was highly focused on my relationship losing weight and getting a job...The problem with me is I'm incredibly good at doing things when I REALLY want to.  My failure in anything is always a lack of motivation.  Because I KNOW I can pull off just about anything I want (for example in the 2 month period I was unemployed I dropped over 40lbs just because of my determination toward doing so--proving to myself that I could) I rarely give a full go at anything...After slowly starting to drink again (even then it was about a once a week thing--weekends once a month or so during the week) I've found myself in an even shittier situation.  A few months ago I got arrested for DUI.  After refusing to blow (I had only had 3 beers but I didn't want to risk it) the court ordered me to submit to monthly alcohol tests.  The tests were able to detect alcohol in the system up to 80 hours prior...What did this do?  It made me stop drinking as necessary to pass the tests and then drink with reckless abandon the rest of the time...I'm rambling here but my issue is I don't really show any signs of abuse.  Even when I stop I don't get any of the issues no DTs admittedly some anxiety but that's always over the internal debate as to whether or not I should drink tonight...Another issue is I'm afraid of what happens if I don't drink tonight I won't be drinking tomorrow and I know that for a fact.  Likely won't be drinking on Friday because I have to be up early on Saturday and definitely won't be drinking on Saturday because I have a race to run Sunday morning.  ..Which leads me to Sunday evening... my biggest fear isn't being able to last until Sunday.  It's taking a sip Sunday night (or Monday or Tuesday whenever) and feeling like "home sweet home" with it and entering a cycle that's even worse...Again I'm rambling but I'm internally trying to figure out WHAT my issue is.  I was always able to drink without any dependency up until about 3 or so years ago.  Now I don't know if these truly are signs of alcoholism (which I get is really just semantics) or not... I feel like I don't drink more or less than anyone else my age and I don't really believe that stopping forever is something I want...I don't know.  If anyone here can pick a part anything that I'm saying and offer me some amount of guidance it'd be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know if there is anything to pick apart. If you think you have an issue then that is something to address. It sounds to me like you are trying to rationalize something by making your life sound awesome and minimizing the impact of your drinking. ..I've been reading posts here for a looooooong time. One of the things that has always stuck with me is this: "if you are posting in a sub titled 'stop drinking' then you might have a problem."  "Normal" drinkers don't ever generally think about needing to stop. 
To me this reads like a very complex way of saying "I'm kinda having a problem with alcohol right now."..Fear anxiety dread uncertainty...these are all things that others have felt before myself included. You're not alone in this experience...Right now I might try focusing less on "Do I have a problem with alcohol?" and more on "My relationship with alcohol right now makes me uncomfortable."..In that case I'd try to cut it off for awhile. When a relationship becomes dysfunctional I like to remove myself from it to reassess. What would be the harm in quitting for awhile? For like 4 weeks I could do anything possible to not drink alcohol and then see how I feel. Nothing needs to be permanent I wouldn't have to make any declarations...just taking a break because my relationship with alcohol sucks right now...Just right now. Is what you're doing working right now? If so keep it up. Then repeat it. If it stops working do something else...In the meantime stick around here and read some posts. It may help provide some perspective. Welcome!
Have you taken the assessment quiz in the sidebar?  It might help you come to some conclusions.  ...For the first 2 months of not drinking I struggled a lot with finding the exact mold I fit into in regards to alcohol abuse or alcoholism.  I finally gave in and just let it go.  I don't need a black and white definition or an exact cookie cutter mold to know that my drinking was causing me problems.  I have felt a lot better since then...Glad you posted hope you update us on your thoughts!
