-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l9zan/18_days/

i'm sad and angry. it seems like i've been riding this sadness wave for a couple days and it sucks. i'm sure it'll peak at some point and then diminish. still problems with the girl in my life. i don't know what our situation is. i'm tired of thinking about it. i've been on edge constantly and i hate having to deal with this fucking shit early in my sobriety. i hope she's okay. ..nothing really to report here but i like checking in. i won't be in this situation forever. i've been here before. it's okay. ..in contrast to what i just said sometimes i feel like i might take everything too seriously. maybe i'm just taking everything way too seriously. ..anyway this is whine-y and you have your own problems. i guess maybe one takeaway could be if you're struggling out there somewhere i'm here struggling too. here's to another sober day.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong. Remember that you are much better equipped to deal with these types of problems sober. Life will hurt even in sobriety but you will find that your problems are much easier solved if you aren't drunk or nursing a crippling hang over. ..Keep up the great work. 18 days is amazing. 
Yep. Here's to another sober day and to living life on life's terms. Early sobriety for me caused a gradual but profound shift in my perceptions of my relationships with others including my marriage. There's a lot to deal with in those early days. Fortunately I did not try to tackle it all alone. Being alone with all that. . .is a scary place to be. Best of luck.
I'm starting to see that it's going to take some time for me to have context with things in my life. I think sobriety is giving me that context. Like why does this make me so angry or that make me so happy. To be honest the problems in my life are fixable and I just need to work at them. Sobriety lets me do that...Also you've probably heard this and I know when I hear it it sounds preachy so sorry if that's the case- but excersize has been awesome for me. I'm still a pack a day smoker (I know I know...) and I've been riding my bike a few miles every day. I highly recommend any kind of aerobic excersize that works for you like 20 minutes of it. Here's my trick- don't think about it. At all. Not "where will I ride" or whatever just get up set a timer for twenty minutes and start doing jumping jacks or something. It does a complete reset on my emotions it's truely a life hack. I'm still getting into a routine and I still pause with laziness and stagnation before riding but when I'm done it feels like I've used a cheat code.
My sponsor told me to fix my own life before I ruin somebody elses.
