-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lbcwz/i_only_smoke_when_i_drink/

Morning all..I'm nearly one month sober now and the positive changes in my life are very real and very noticeable. However I'm struggling with something that is affecting me pretty negatively and I'm curious as to how many others are struggling with this. I used to only smoke when drinking and as my addiction progressed I drank more and more so I smoked more and more. It goes from smoking only at parties then you buy a pack in the morning because you're still drunk then you are just smoking every day because you drink every day. Nearly one month into sobriety and I can't seem to break the habit of smoking which is frustrating because I've only been smoking for about 3 months. I feel pretty disgusted with myself my lungs and my teeth...One month seems to be the point where I've been struggling more with sobriety having temptation to drink and some friends putting a slight amount of pressure on me to return to my old habits. On a positive note I've lost a *considerable* amount of weight by simply cutting out alcohol... must have been an insane amount of calories when you smash a couple cases on the regular. I'm regaining interest in my old hobbies excelling in my courses and everything despite the constant mental struggle seems to be going way better...At any rate when should I try to quit smoking? My supportive friends have said to think of it as harm reduction as in this is clearly the lesser of two evils and a much easier addiction to beat a much less sinister lifestyle than daily drinking. How should I go about this? I would prefer to deal with this sooner rather than later as it's starting to get really cold where I live.
----------immediate responses--------

The way I quit tobbaco was the same as I later did with alcohol. I finally just quit and did not restart.Which also was not easy...My post here is more out of curiousity about the final line in your post. What has the impending cold weather have to do with quitting an addiction? Just wondering. Congratulations on a month that is awesome !
I'm on day 11 without drinking and I used to smoke when I drank also but I have been smoking and I think it has helped me. It's too difficult to stop both at the moment. That means I've been smoking for 11 days and I really need to quit soon. I also am going to try to set a date in a couple weeks to make the transition better.
I quit both at the same time. That way you just get it done--rearview mirror. The rationalizations for not quitting are your choice--but ultimately it sounds like you'd prefer to just quit. And you can it truly is your choice. 
You're likely to get a lot of different opinions on this one. As for me when I quit alcohol I found myself smoking more than I did when I was drinking. In retrospect it was likely equal parts substitution insecurity and trying to fit in with my new peers at meetings. I told myself "one thing at a time" even though others including professionals told me otherwise. Looking back who knows...Thing is over a year and a half later I still struggle with quitting smoking. It's become a completely independent addiction for me and I'm having to treat it like I treated alcohol at first...Not sure that I've made any point here but I guess I'd just recommend trying to quit when you have the desire to quit. No right or wrong time but sooner is better than letter in my opinion.
