-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lpakz/my_personal_detox_experience/

I know there are a lot of lurkers around here and I was one of them until recently.  I was drinking about 400-500 ml of vodka a day and was terrified of what quitting cold turkey could do to me.  I've read the stories of seizures and near death experiences so I wanted to share my personal detox story and hope it inspires others to find a good program that can help them get through it safely and pretty comfortably.  ..I was suffering from crippling anxiety so my doctor prescribed some anti-anxiety medication with the explicit rule that I can't drink as it will react badly with the medication.  Being unable/unwilling to quit and fearing the withdrawals I decided to do medical detox.  My therapist found a local program that accepted me 2 days later.  I was expecting to be locked in a padded room with nothing to do but sit there and deal with my withdrawals on my own but nothing was further from the truth.  I showed up and they did a full medical work-up asked how much I drank (without judging) got my medical history did blood tests etc.  I was then placed in a regular hospital bed mixed with other regular patients and given wonderful medications that made me feel no worse than the common cold (librium hydroxydine and vitamins being the most helpful ones).  There were plenty of movies tv books and good food to entertain me and the staff was excellent to interact with.  They weren't judgmental or snarky and knew I had a problem that I legitimately wanted help with.  A few of them even confided their own previous addiction struggles with me to know I wasn't alone.  My symptoms of tremors and extreme anxiety were greatly reduced after I received my first dose of medication and got better each hour. After the first day my appetite returned the tremors were greatly reduced I was able to have normal conversations and walk around.  By the third day I felt normal but wasn't quite ready to go home yet.  The staff arranged for an intensive outpatient program for me to enter once I left and I'll be starting that tomorrow...I'm writing this for anyone who fears what medical detox is like and is using that as an excuse not to go.  Sadly I know there are terrible program out there but if you find the right program you'll be treated just like anyone who has the flu or a broken leg.  Please don't let this be your excuse not to seek help.  Don't think you're the only one who's ever gone through this and no one can possibly understand like I did.  Detox doesn't have to be that bad at all if you seek out the right help.
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent account of your experience. Thank you!..Now what's your plan for staying sober?
Thank you so much for taking the effort to relate this to the community.  Now let's do the sober journey.
How long were you drinking like that for?
Great job - and can't believe you made such good judgements even though you were drinking at the time.  Keep it up as an outpatient and tell us about your journey. :)
Might be a bit late but congrats mate! What country are you in and how much did it cost?
