-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lujy2/what_am_i_doing_different_this_time_also_update/

I keep seeing this question get asked. It was asked of me several times in the chat the other day. I have done a lot better in the last while. I am starting to see that every time I slip and/or relapse there are different circumstances. I have been keeping track:..I was sober for almost 2 weeks before 2 weekends ago. I relapsed because I let myself think that I could have a cheat meal that included a beer. I also ate it alone sitting at a bar. Bad idea. I was out of that place not more than 10 minutes before I picked up a six pack. This was the beginning of what would be a 3 day bender. Thankfully I don't think it was enough to trigger withdrawal. I had very bad anxiety and hangover symptoms for 2 days then I was better...Of course feeling better I was out of town on business and became frazzled about a problem I was running into. There was a beer store next to my client's so I thought I would have just one tallboy. I drank 10 and was an absolute disaster the next day. ..On Friday I had to go to my parents house to feed the cats for the weekend. There was a case of beer in the garage. I drank it all. Had a party there on Saturday and spent Sunday in ANXIETY HELL. Today I am still very anxious but no sweats or shakes so I am hoping that I will be ok tomorrow...What have I learned from this? ..1) I have to plan my cheat meals with friends and not include room  for "a beer"..2) I can't be alone with alcohol. I told my parents that I need them to take it with them next time. I do not blame them but that is that..3) I need help...So with all of that said what am I going to do different this time? I have made an appointment with an addiction counsellor tomorrow :)..(Tried AA...wasn't for me)
----------immediate responses--------

It's good to hear you are seeing a pattern and are taking steps to protect yourself from alcohol. I had to do that too. Sorry AA didn't work. Maybe SMART Recovery--there's info online. I say that because meeting face-to-face with people who understood was helpful to me. Stay in touch. Don't drink today; I won't either. 
Here's the deal with AA from my experience: one AA meeting does not equate with "trying AA."  AA meetings come in all shapes sizes perspectives and days and times.  The standard recommendation is 90 meetings in 90 days and that probably sounds impossible but when you consider a 30 min. lunch time meeting the task is a lot more doable.  The reason for the recommendation is to allow newcomers to be acquainted with all sorts of options and people and new ideas.  But of course like all things in life you get out of something what you put into it and if you aren't willing to put into it some effort it's not going to be useful.  Of course the lengths we will go to drink the hours and days wasted pale in comparison to an hour a day staying sober.  That's the big change I made in my approach to recovery.
AA wasn't for me either but there is a lot of useful stuff in the organization's literature. You could do a lot worse than spend time with it. 
