-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lvic2/can_we_talk_about_terminal_uniqueness_solipsism/

Solipsism is a philosophy of the self "I am the only mind that matters"--or as long time sober types are known to say about newcomers: [he/she] is a special snowflake.  ..Dear newcomer sobernauts please do not be insulted by this--almost all of us came to SD or recovery with this unique view (hope?) that our own individual characteristics either qualified us for special handling or disqualified us from participation in recovery.  Go ahead go back and read your journals if you kept one or your introductory post--we tend to go on and on about what we drank in what quantities or for what good or bad reason; we justify legal consequences as rotten luck; and we especially like to blame people places and things.  Nearly all of us did this.  But here's the thing--if we don't quickly accept that there is a common solution a shared path a supportive fellowship we risk terminal uniqueness and are damned to relapse failure rinse repeat *ad nauseum.*  The smartest most creative and clever people I knew in my years in recovery often died from this "disease" because they were so unique and the rules of recovery just didn't apply.  You see this most vividly in the arts and music communities...Yet the same simple sober actions done daily can create a sudden or subtle alteration in our world view and change our lives--no matter who we are.  
----------immediate responses--------

thanks CC. i think i needed to hear this.
But...But...I AM unique!.Dangit.  
Other people had problems with controlling alcohol. I was just relieving my stress. A lot...(I just spent twenty minutes trying to find an old philosophy joke starting with "two Solipsists walk into a bar" but ended up side tracked with an Alan Watts lecture...curse you intertubes..)
Yes you can talk about it but don't apply to me. ..*-)..Thx I think.
Ah yes the Special Snowflake Status was something I was SURE that I had for years and years. The thing is the longer I stick around the more I see that others are just like me and I am just like them. It is a real mindf**k to be honest.
I'm laughing because this is such a joke in my family...there were so many kids...that we all knew we weren't precious snowflakes...but we all acted surprised and pretended great indignation whenever a situation would arise where we would claim to deserve kid-glove treatment..."wait....what do you mean I'm not a precious snowflake" was the mantra in our home.  ..So as a newbie I can't take offense. It only took reading the few reactions to my very first post...for me to go from...."I can re-calibrate my drinking...right?.....I'm not an alcoholic...right?" to a quick turnabout of..."oh...yeah...I kinda am...and I'm kinda fucked if I don't fix this right now." ..edit: punctuation.
Erwin Schr dinger's view was that there can be no more than one consciousness in the entire universe. There's either 1 or 0 no more no less.  I'm convinced that he's correct. Solipsism needn't imply selfishness.  ..[Here's me circa Feb 2012.](http://i.imgur.com/McHnSd3.jpg)
Yeah got my number - to several decimal places
Haha terminal uniqueness is a great expression. ..That's why I love reading all the posts in this forum; I can read about peoplr going through the same struggles that I am at the moment AND I can read about people who are making it work long term! I love reading posts about people's sober hapiness and joy and achievements because they help me believe that one day I'll be there too.  
Wise words! I remember my first AA meeting. It was a shocker to learn that even though we were very different people we all had the exact same problem. The symptoms vary but the disease is always the same.  
THIS OFFENDS ME.  I AM VERY UNIQUE VERY SPECIAL THERE IS NO ONE ELSE LIKE ME...
Sometimes I just need to hear myself say something out loud to realize that I've heard that before but it came out of someone else's mouth. It doesn't sound as special as it did in my head so I feel like I'm explaining it wrong. And then I realize that those experiences I had were not unique in the slightest. I belong in the same box as those people I'd judged for having them. *I am* an alcoholic. To hear myself say it is a trip sometimes. *I am* that type of person I don't trust. This week has been hard for me to live with myself because I'm seeing all this wreckage that I cause even in sobriety I can't seem to get it right. But I'm working on myself and that's all I can do. It's just hard for me to love myself today and I don't know when that's going to get better.
I'm not insulted by any means. I recognise that way of thought - especially "disqualified from participation in recovery". I can admit I have a problematic relationship with alcohol but I still in some way refuse to admit that it was that serious that I really needed to stop when I did. Being here in SD has though has helped me to realise that I was on my way to really serious trouble.
&gt;-if we don't quickly accept that there is a common solution a shared path..As we see herewhich is supported by research that common path is "don't drink". The support assembled around that path varies greatly. 
Love it. There's a little voice that bubbles up every so often. Granted it's self deprecating but still special snowflake. It says maybe ur issues with drugs and alcohol weren't really anything but ur just crazy and depressed/dysfunctional. The whole alcohol and drugs thing was an illusion--it's a different time now--u don't really know that u can't do drugs and alcohol. Ha yeah great...Interestingly this always bubbles up when I'm around people who actively do use substances. I rarely put myself in those situations but sometimes it is frankly unavoidable. I know how messed up and toxic my issues with drugs and alcohol were it doesn't matter if someone else doesn't see it as such (because they're doing the same thing)...I am done with the research I am so far from a special snowflake. I have serious alcohol and drug issues. I will combat them by staying sober today.
Like every alcoholic before me and every one to come after the answer is the same: don't drink. Even if our stories and experiences vary the only way to get away from the disease really is the same for us all.
Once I got sober and stuck around... I found 'we' were almost textbook. ;) ..I am special... but not a unique kinda of special. ;) 
/u/coolcrosby were you a philosophy major? I swear we think eerily alike.
[From Mallory Ortberg of *The Toast* "Male Novelist Jokes":](http://the-toast.net/2013/11/04/male-novelist-jokes/)..&gt; Q: How many male novelists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?.&gt; A: His alcoholism was different because someday he was going to die...A brilliant and moody drunk is still a drunk :-)
[deleted]
Mmm...CC you got me thinking. I thought I was special too until I realised I wasn't... I'm the special snowflake.. like a lamb to the slaughter.. floating around till I hit the ground.. and realise I'm just water!..:)
This is so brilliant. I would have angrily disagreed with you in early sobriety. Now that I have 6 months I totally see how I did this.
