-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m1glv/should_i_leave_my_group_of_friends_because_i/

I have been sober for a couple of month and thought I had recovered until one day I decided to go to a 'school picnic' since it was the last time I was gonna see everyone from school I hanged out with old friends that knew I had a drinking problem. ..I told them that I wasn't going to drink but eventually other people started to come and then I had the urge to drink a cup of Red Label mixed with Coke to get rid of my anxiety I had so much guilt that I started to shake like crazy and only one of my friend was telling me I wasn't gonna relapse and stopped me drinking even though all I had was a buzz the rest couldn't care less that I drank...Also feel left out when I'm around them because now I don't drink with them it feels like I have nothing in common with them even though I grew up with them since the start of High School..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Shark! It's always hard to judge friendships or relationships from a couple of lines on the internet of course but to me it doesn't sound like you and your high school buddies are very close. How did you feel after your last meeting with them? Aside from the whole them not caring about your drinking you also mentioned anxiety guilt and even that you feel left out. To me it feels like there's a severe lack of positivity if that makes sense. No 'it was great to see them' or 'up until that point I had a good time'. Are you having fun when you're with them? Or do you feel like going just because you grew up with them?  ..I clung to a lot of childhood friends for the longest time because books and tv shows always tell you they are your magical buddy pals forever and ever. But just because you grew up with friends doesn't mean you can't grow out on them. 
I'm working on changing the parameters of my friendships. I don't go to any events where drinking is the main attraction and feel very comfortable skipping (or leaving) other events if alcohol is there and I don't feel stable. Some friends I've asked to not talk about alcohol around me not because I'm tempted but because I find it boring and a bit frustrating. If this leads to friendship loss then so be it. So far it's been fine. Some friends are encouraging others just are.
I urge you to read [the post called The Least Popular Advice; Dry People Dry Places in early Sobriety](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/?ref=search_posts) along with the comments.  Good luck.
Make new sober friends?  Smart AA some other sober group or activity.  Worked for me...My drinking buddies were just that.  Our relationship existed with booze as the common core even if we went over for dinner bottles of wine were invited too...Some may be exceptions and can meet you in coffee shop instead of bar or hang out in your place drinking iced tea they will self select.
Maybe calmly let them know you're working on your health and not drinking at the moment so youre going to be a bit of a hermit for a while. Perhaps just stick to daytime play dates where you still connect over non boozy scenarios. Those who don't understand and support your choice highlight themselves as selfish and immature.  Those who do I would make extra effort to keep in contact with. You have the agency to choose when the time is right to try a trip to the pub - treat everything as just an experiment and don't think of this as the end - it's just the beginning!
I'd look for new friends. I know it's easier said than done but it sounds like you've changed and maybe they haven't.  Are they enriching your life?  If they make you feel anxious and you have nothing in common on top of it affecting your sobriety thwn it seems like it's a lot of risk and disconfort for little return. 
