-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m4mxh/first_time_poster_third_day_of_sobriety/

This is my first post but I've been a lurker on here for a while. That is perhaps the first sign that I'm taking a serious look at giving up drinking. But first introductions. I'm 37 years old Canadian and I currently work in the technology field. I am also an insufferable nerd with a love for sci-fi and gaming. One thing that most people do not know about me is something I've worked hard to keep hidden for years...I am an alcoholic. ..Those are perhaps the four most difficult words I have ever had to muster but to suggest otherwise at this point would be an outright lie. I won't bore you with my entire back story but like many here I started drinking when I was young and it escalated in volume and intensity over the years. I first tried alcohol at the age of 16 and managed to maintain moderation until my early 20's when I started drinking every day. One beer a day turned to three three turned to six and then six turned to ten which is where I'm at now. Sometimes I will mix wine and liquor into the equation but 500 ml tallboys of beer are my vice and I drink them every day...I've done a lot to justify this behavior over the years. Do these platitudes sound familiar to anyone?.."Other people drink more than I do".."I don't drink at work or when I wake up so I must be okay".."I hold down a job and haven't pissed anyone off yet so what's the big deal?".."I don't black out or injure myself/others while drinking so no harm done"..I've used all of those with myself to keep me in this cycle of drinking every night. 99% of my drinking is done alone and in secret with the evidence discarded in the recycling bin under the cover of darkness. Most of my friends and family and my girlfriend are non-drinkers so I find myself hiding alcohol and sneaking it in. The benefit to me is that temporary sense of calm and pleasure that comes with drinking but I pay it back in full the next morning when I wake up with a hangover. My hangover this past Monday was so bad that I could barely function and I snapped. Enough is enough...I won't lie to myself and claim that there is any positives in my current drinking lifestyle. Over the past 10 years I have put on over 100 lbs developed high blood pressure and sleep apnea and completely stagnated both personally and professionally. While I used to dream about a bright future and working towards goals I just sit at my desk and wait to die. I am always tired irritable struggling through the work day feeling like I'm in ill health and slacking off at work. While I have not hit rock bottom in terms of losing my job my love or my life I feel that this is just around the corner and I want to head it off and deal with my demons before I sink any lower...So it's been three days since I drank. I have an appointment next week with my doctor and a follow-up with a psychiatrist to determine how best to tackle this problem. I don't believe that "white knuckle sobriety" will work for me since I've tried to limit my drinking on my own in the past only to fall further back into it.  Physically I don't feel any negative withdrawal effects. In truth I feel fantastic but I can't stop thinking about alcohol and it's consuming my thoughts constantly. Writing all this down feels cathartic and I am very grateful that this support group exists. .What do I plan to do? Get medical attention and decide which option works best for me but in the short term be open and honest about my problem. Facing addiction means facing uncomfortable truths and I feel that burying them inside will only lead to backsliding. Can I ever go back to casual drinking or do I need to give it up entirely? Not sure but the latter is most likely. I've gotten to the point where "just one beer" doesn't exist for me. In order to get better I need to deal with my demons. I'm leaving myself open to all possibilities. Regardless I am committed to getting better one day at a time. ..Thanks for taking the time to read this and I look forward to being on this board and both contributing and pulling daily inspiration from it...TL;DR: Mid-30's heavy drinker on day 3 of sobriety and committed to getting better..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Great post.
Welcome fellow Canadian who also shares (shared) a love of 500ml tall boys with me!  I thought I was so smart drinking those...despite their size I'd still consider it "one drink". And no one would know how many I drank cause they didn't come in a six pack...I could buy them individually!  AND I could buy the extra high alcohol percentage ones more bang for my buck. Yuck!
Thank you for sharing your story. The key for me at my third day and near failure was finally reaching out to AA and to SD. Reaching out here not only helps you but also the rest of us who struggle. It made me feel accepted. I hope you feel the same you have all my empathy. Keep it up. 
Thanks for the kind words everyone! it's tough taking those first steps towards really getting help but day by day I hope it will get easier.
&gt;Facing addiction means facing uncomfortable truths and I feel that burying them inside will only lead to backsliding...I really like this.  The more honest I am with more people the more clearly I see how in the past I was dishonest with myself and those around me.  Great post OP!  Welcome I'm glad you're here.
It will get easier. Baby steps my friend. Don't give up! Think of a sweet reward in dropping that 100lbs. I won't say it's going to melt away but those tallboys packed on the pounds and in their absence you'll lose some weight. People will notice and you'll feel really good about it.
Welcome. The thinking about it goes away in time. Hang tight. We can do this. 
Ahh yes the 8 pack of Guinness tall cans yep 8 drinks to get the weekend started. So sad. ..Sounds like you've got a good start and outlook on the road to sobriety.  .I found myself using those exact  excuses for years! ..As for casual drinking in my experience I've found it absolutely doesn't work for me (check out my badge:) Example I was just going to have a few beer at the football game... that was SIX weeks ago!!!!(CFL) Canadian here too.  ..Every time I think I'm just going to have a few beers on a certain occasion I end up having 20 and drinking every other day after that again until I can muster up enough effort to give sobriety another shot...Great job on the 3 days! You can do this. We can do this! Welcome. 
