-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mcwfb/difficult_news_at_the_doctor_feeling_pretty/

Well we went to the Doctor's appointment as anticipated.  ..After the whole tumor board of multiple doctors reviewed Spouse's case past and present  here are the bare bones facts...1 - the cancer is stage 3 or 4 and may have already metastasized in other areas of the body...2 - the cancer is an aggressive form of a normally rather slow growing type...3 - there is less than a 10% chance he can be cured...This does not mean the immediate end of the world and doesn't mean treatments can't be tried.  Bone scan and MRI scheduled for next Thursday to give further info to the medical team to see how much the cancer has spread and to determine a definite cancer stage assignment...I was up very early prepared with questions and medical info from reputable sources. I was clear headed and present and was able to support the person I love. I couldn't have made it if I wasn't sober...My sponsor is currently driving to move to the opposite end of the country. Today...I'm at work  trying to be strong and seeking calm but I'm REALLY struggling right now...My heart hurts and I'm scared and I'm worried about what Spouse needs to go through. I love him bumps in the road and all...I..am struggling....but sober...And sometimes it ok to not be ok.  I just cant let a struggling moment to lead me to a drink.  ..Mouse..9/26/15 edit: Thank you all.  It was a hard day.  Spouse says he has come to terms with death whenever it comes...he had that acceptance come to him during the leukemia battle so he seems genuinely ok with whatever is coming at him.  He made it clear last night he just wants to make sure I am supported and stay sober.  That is amazing to me.  He is facing so much...but my sobriety is important to him.  ..Thanks for all of the outpouring of love.  This /r/stopdrinking subreddit has been an amazing blessing in my life.  
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's definitely ok to not be ok. My heart hurts for what you and Spouse are going through. He is very lucky to have a sober Mouse by his side. Keep fighting. Hugs.
Sending you guys love and strength.  It's not much but it's all I got.  Will be thinking of you x
&gt;sometimes it ok to not be ok..This is very true. You're a tough mouse but you're only human...I really can't imagine what you're going through right now but I'll be thinking of you. 
Huge hugs to you mouse. Sending white light to you and yours.
I'm very sorry for the current news but I'm sending positive energy your way! Stay strong!
I'm sorry.  Again you are in my thoughts and prayers.
That you stay sober and share this path with us gives enormous courage to those of us with challenges that pale by comparison.  You have long been my hero in this regard Mouse and I'm with you my friend.  Let's do this one day at a time.
So sorry to hear your news. Keep strong . .will keep you in my prays. .. can't hurt 
Sometimes you have to feel what you need to feel.  
You already see that there is no choice here: it's stay sober all the way.   It's make the most of each day one day at a time it's about getting you the support and the sleep and meals you need to keep going you know what to do - and in fact are doing it.
Oh my heart just goes out to you! Do you have folks you can lean on in person? A therapist? I hate to think of you shouldering this all alone.You are being SO STRONG. 
I'm so sorry. It IS ok to not be ok sometimes absolutely! Thinking of you and your spouse.
Mouse this really breaks my heart reading this post. I feel for you and your spouse. I sending you compassion love and an internet hug as we speak. You are so brave and strong and I admire how you've remained clear-headed and sober throughout the struggles. You are an inspiration.
I'm sorry to hear this news. I will be praying for you and your husband. And I'm glad you're sober. That gives me hope. :)
&gt;I was clear headed and present and was able to support the person I love. I couldn't have made it if I wasn't sober...As fucking hard as it is on you both right now you know you need to be sober. There is one thing I know(from personal experience)that drinking at this point in time will lead to regret.. .
I'm so sorry. You're so brave. Since you're not drinking today I won't drink today either.
Hey Mouse Don't believe we've talked by I've followed your story on here these last 6 months or so.  Very sorry to hear this news. Please stay strong and try to keep your usual positive outlook. The road is tough but with positivity it will be a fraction easier for you and your husband. Best wishes and I hope the news from the scans next week are good. 
That's rough. Thanks for sharing with us. I'm sorry that you and your spouse are going through this. 
I'm proud of you 'Mouse...keep being strong! You're an inspiration and a role-model!..I'm thinking of the Mouse and the spouse!.
Oh God Nonny. I am so sorry to hear this. You and Mr. Mouse are very much in my thoughts and Prayers. Anything we can do to help? 
I am terribly sorry that you see received this bad news.  I am not much of the proclivity but I will say a prayer for you folks.
I'm really sorry mouse. You are a hero and an inspiration. You're in my thoughts. 
This will undoubtedly be your hardest journey - the both of you. All I can say besides 'sorry' is that it would be so much harder if you 'weren't there'...No Pollyanna here but every hour of every day medicine is getting better with things like this. Is not yet time to forsake hope.. 
shit. shit. shit. shitty shit mcshit shit. .[poo bum cock wee.](http://imgur.com/DuqTr)...[my prayers are with you mouse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfybEEWnYSI)
I'm not religious but I am praying for you both. Whatever that means to you.
Really all I can can do is offer my appreciation of what you are overcoming to be there for your man. I have fell short in similar circumstances and that is some of the biggest regrets in my life. I really hope the best for both of you.
Wow. If you can do this sober I can do anything sober. Thanks for sharing. I will be sending celestial love for you and your spouse. 
Sending good wishes your way.
for what it's worth this internet stranger sends love to you. 
stay strong. its not easy but it is better and possible to be sober in times like these..Hugs
Hey man I'm really sorry to hear this :(.It's a reminder for everyone what happens if we indulge too often...With that said I would do everything I could in my power to get a second opinion at MD Anderson. The duration of your life is more valuable than any amount of money that you might have to pay.
[deleted]
I'm so sorry to hear this...
So sorry to hear about the difficult news.  
Sending you all love and light from this corner of the Internet. 
Sending you love and strength. Keep strong! 
I'm sorry mouse news like that is difficult to hear. I will keep you both in my thoughts and prayers today. We're all here if you need us. Sending peace and good vibes your way.
