-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mdylr/cycle_of_relapse/

After holding on to sobriety for some months I  had a relapse and been relapsing ever since....I want to stop but I don't feel the same will and discipline that I was feeling the first time I stopped. I don't know if that is common...Can someone please share their experience after a relapse and how they went back to sobriety after that?...I think I don't feel so commited this time because the negative effects of alcoohol didn't show (yet) in all their magnitude. So I think I'm still safe and can enjoy some drinks once and a while. But I still feel guilty and know that my driking habits are far from healthy and only contributes to feeling shitty the next day. ..I felt really great about being a non-drinker person and I still don't know why after one or two weeks of sobriety I keep going back to this stupid pattern.I think the pro's and con's are still on the table whereas before I was sure that not drinking was the best thing to do. Althoug I hade more cravings the first time it seems that now a minor craving can easly bring me to buy alcoohol. ...I know that AA is an option but please can someone give other advices or share their stories?..Thank you..Edit: My badge says 61 days but is actually 1 day.
----------immediate responses--------

Why are you not interested in AA? Because I had the same thing my rock bottom wasn't really that bad. That's why I kept going to meetings though to hear peoples' stories as a reminder of what can happen if I go back. Even just reading this subreddit helps. Try to find something just to serve as a reminder of what happens when you relapse. You have to want sobriety and I know it's not easy. Do whatever you have to do to keep yourself healthy and to keep your life together. Hopefully one day you'll find the missing piece of that puzzle. Plenty of alcoholics and addicts relapse over and over and then something clicks. AA is always suggested because even if you don't like it it works. I hated it at first but I can't deny that it gave me my best chance at staying sober. 
It's very common.  When someone who has been sober for a while relapses more often than not it leads to a long string of badge resets.  ..Let's say someone is 100 days sober.  On day 100 for whatever reason they relapse.  100 days of no drink and they chose to drink. ..The next day rolls around.  Day 1 is harder than Day 100 for most people. If a person couldn't stay sober when they were at 100 days what chance do they have now that they're back to Day 1 and feeling the physical effects as well?  ..Each time they drink makes getting back a little bit harder...I would think *I want to be sober.  Today is as easy as it's gonna get.  Tomorrow will be harder.  I might as well do it today.*
I think you'll find lots of relapse stories here if you look ;) As for being ready that relates to my current sober run. The last was back in Feb/Mar and I relapsed right about where I am now for some reason or another. Between April and August I drank regularly (4-7) nights a week and silently berated myself for not being able to quit. I wasn't bingeing as much but drinking often. Sometimes 2 sometimes 12. In June my toes started going numb and it didn't go away. I was pretty sure it was from drinking or smoking but I kept on. By late July I was contemplating what life without pinky toes would be like and *I was okay with that!* I had no desire to stop no motivation things weren't *too* bad I had time left. Then one day while I was trying to have a logical discussion about it with myself I said "But I'm not ready". And wise me said "You'll never be ready."  I agreed and here I am. I went 9 days at first then drank and made an ass out of myself online. Remembered quickly yet another reason why quitting is a really great idea with a good dose of tinnitus to boot. ..I haven't drank since. I'm not ready.  I will never be ready. I will always think at some point I can handle it again. One thing I'm sure of is that the cycle will never change unless I change it. I'm sick of making an ass out of myself. I want my toes. I'm not drinking today. 
&gt; I know that AA is an option but please can someone give other advices or share their stories?..At this [link is my "nuts and bolts" of a first AA meeting from the /r/alcoholism sidebar and it's in the FAQ of /r/stopdrinking.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/)   I wish I could take you to a meeting I know of many drunks whose whole lives changed because they went to an AA meeting including mine.
