-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mn8ti/going_back_to_a_meeting_tonight/

I've been on a roller coaster for the last year using and drinking then getting a few days sober on and off. ..I have built up quite a resistance to AA but it's really the only support group around and I'm sooooo lonely and scared and the pain is unbearable. I've decided to swallow my pride and go to a sunday night meeting. I don't know if I'll ever accept what AA teaches but I know that I need support and really really really want to quit drinking and can't seem to on my own...I've been in a new depth of hopelessness this past year the reason being that I don't even seem to care about beating addiction unless I'm still hungover. My will just completely evaporates. But I don't really have much faith in the will of some divine being to save me so I'm feeling pretty stuck. ..GAHHHH!!!..I accept that drinking is insane. I felt labelled when people in AA would talk about relapsing as "insane" but it really is. The number. of times I've gone back to the well after wallowing in prolonged periods of agony after a binge can only be described as insane...I'm gonna go to a meeting then go look at the super moon/blood moon. Hopefully it's a turning point for me. Hopefully I can finally live a sober life....
----------immediate responses--------

Yay good for you! They have atheist meetings you know. Also it's fine to go just to meet people.  You can get connected with like-minded folks.  It's all about a support system. 
Support Is a super awesome idea
So I opted to go look at the lunar eclipse instead and missed the meeting. Didn't drink...I got out of my head enough to call an old sponsor/friend from AA today and it was such a relief!..I'm GOING to a meeting tonight at 8:30 as far as I know there are no rare astronomical events occurring tonight to tempt me away...Jokes aside though I really hope I can accept the support and just stick with it so that I can finally LIVE A SOBER LIFE! I know it's a program of service but right now the only thing keeping me open to the idea of it all is that I will finally be free from the terrifying effects of substance abuse. ..I'm unstable enough without the regular injection of chaos and darkness that this crap brings about. ..It's funny I have spent so much time resenting AA and old AA people and fighting the idea that I would ever go back and it got to the point where I was so sick of hearing this broken record of resentful vitriolic thoughts go round and round that I entertained the idea of going back as a way to stop them. ..I really hope this knotted mess of thoughts and emotions starts to unravel and I can finally walk on solid ground...
