-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3n32ab/almost_three_weeks/

20 days nice round number. ..But my motivation isn't where I would like it to be. I have catched myself thinking several times "What if I just stopped taking Antabus?" - but luckily I go to a clinic to take it and if I don't show up twice a week they'll call me. It's not much but at least some kind of a reason to continue taking it. At least I have some kind of accountability...I try to remind myself daily what good things not drinking has brought. But.....Honestly I'm a bit afraid. I try to stay sober one day at a time but I can't help thinking about the future. I'm afraid I'll relapse the moment I quit Antabus and get myself in trouble again. And I'm afraid that I'll waste several years being drunk and unhappy like I feel I've already wasted about ten years being unhappy because of my mental illnesses. I would like to find the motivation to *stay* sober for a longer time and to be able to imagine a future without drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you associate with people IRL with the same problem? If not please try that. Going it alone (even with the "support" of Antabuse) doesn't work long term for a lot of people. Good luck.
You are that point in early sobriety where I had to just take the word of others: sustained time sober will make everything you are going through worth it!  Trust me it's worth it.
In the early months I found that the simple act of staying busy really helped me out. Making plans to be doing something - anything and keeping my schedule full helped deter me from drinking it also had the following side effects:..Feelings of accomplishment..Physical activity/exercise..I found things I enjoyed..Reconnected with people..Thoughts of alcohol removed from my mind..My advice would be to keep your life full so you don't even have time to drink. Make a plan cook dinner every night start a book go to the gym everyday if a friend asks for help then agree to help (as long as you KNOW alcohol won't be involved). Start living life to the fullest and you may quite possibly end up in a place where you don't even want to drink - may seem like a fairy tale but it worked for me...Three weeks is really tough great job so far. Best of luck!..
For me the above thoughts are my motivation to find community and not just rely on myself to stay sober at this point.  ..I also find that if I'm taking something away (alcohol) then I need to add something back (new habits new sobriety community new N/A drinks) or there will be a hole that I will eventually try to fill with what I know best booze.  Relying on just willpower can be exhausting and for me it is a finite resource.  New habits rely less on brain power and more on just showing up once they're put in place...  That's how I set myself up for success creating new habits instead of hoping for the best and relying on myself to always be in a good mental headspace that feels strong enough to use willpower keep up the fight.  
