-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3n46s9/show_off_me_i_am_one/

Just wanted to show off my flare before it goes away tomorrow. Hope everyone is having a good sober day. Other than shamelessly bragging I would like to pose a question for discussion. Why does it feel SO bad to relapse? Why is so much emphasis put on the length of time sober? If I were to swear off cookies then one day slip up and eat a bunch I wouldn't feel too bad. Why is it different than slipping up with alcohol?..Thanks for your thoughts and responses. Have a good day e'erbody!..Edit: I mean my flare is turning to 30 days tomorrow. That's what I mean by going away...
----------immediate responses--------

Here's the answer as I experienced it.  While the occasional cookie binge is not so great if you're obese or a diabetic cookies are not immediately toxic to my brain and body.  Furthermore I've never encountered a case where someone drove their car headlong into a school bus impaired on cookies.  EVERY day at local news websites you can read about drunk driving or violent tragedies involving drunks.  Finally recovery from alcoholism sustained time sober allows the body and brain to recover from (in my case) daily overdosing with ETOH and as a result I am healthier I have more clarity and I finally reached a point where I was able to address the causes and conditions of my alcoholism and in turn help others.  
Congrats on your progress!! We're doing it one day at a time!
&gt;If I were to swear off cookies then one day slip up and eat a bunch I wouldn't feel too bad.  ..I've thought about this too.  To give in to temptation is human.  The problem as I see it is that 1) for many drinkers it's often not a one day slip up but a return to active drinking.  I had a year without drinking in 2008.  The 90 days I have today is the longest I've gone without drinking since I went back out.  The best way to avoid this happening again is to avoid drinking altogether.  2) Drinking has had some serious negative consequences for me.  Again the only surefire way to avoid these and worse consequences from drinking is to just not start drinking again.  .
For me it felt bad to relapse because I'd throw away any progress I made during my sober time. I needed to heal emotionally and getting drunk again would just re-open the wound and bring me right back to what I was trying to escape. Time is important because it allows the mind/body to recover and start to operate "normally" again. I've heard that it can take anywhere from 1-3 years of sobriety before the brain starts to fire normally again (like that of a non-drinker). Though food/sugar addiction is a very real thing the effects aren't as debilitating in larger quantities. Who knows though for some people it may be but for us the kyptonite is alcohol so falling into other "smaller" vices doesn't have the same effect. Congrats on your month! Here's to another one ;)
