-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ncifj/new_here_feeling_like_a_fool/

I have been struggling with alcoholism for the past 5 years. Have been able to quit for a few months just to go back. I've been in AA it had the opposite effect on me sadly. I was doing so well this past week exercised cooked and baked a bunch of healthy foods even made an appointment with a new therapist for next week. Things were going well and I stupidly thought "I can have just a few drinks." MAJOR FAIL! I ended up spending most of yesterday sleeping well passed out. I don't even know how I am functioning today but I am in pain. ..I'm excited to be here could use some support. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.  Revel in  your hangover it could be the last one you ever have to have. .The last time I relapsed the hangover was way out of proportion to the bender that caused it.  I have heard debate on whether the disease continues to progress while sober.  Purely anecdotal but I sure felt that way.
Keep trying you can do this.
Nothing changes if nothing changes. What will you do differently this time?
Welcome! 
We're here for you! What's the plan for the next few days? There are some awesome FAQs in the sidebar and a real time chat room too. Lots of support on here. I remember my last relapse three weeks ago - hideous! My bruises are just gone my skin looks better and I like myself again! Keep in touch and let's nail it! 
You're not a fool. 
When you relapse why do you relapse? You know by now you can't just have a few drinks - so what pulls you back each time? What is your thought process like?..Mine was like this:..1.  I can't drink and use anymore it is killing me. I feel so shitty. I hate myself. I hate my life...2.  Maybe I'll just take a xanax then.  Then I won't have to drink...3. Since I've taken a xanax  I may as well have a drink. Since I had a xanax I bet I won't need to drink so much anyways.  ..The next day:..1.  I hate myself. I hate my life...2. I won't use anymore. ..3.  But I hate myself and I hate my life...4. So why does it matter not to use?  Ok fuck it doesn't matter anyways...The next day:..1.  I hate myself and I hate my life...2.  Drinking and using is making it worse...3. But it's already so bad I bet I can't make it any worse.  ..4. And at least then I will feel less pain.  Ok. ..What is your thought process like?
The best news is that you never again have to feel like a fool!.You say you tried AA and it did not have the desired effect. How many different meeting did you try? .Have you tried other support groups...All I can tell is that I was pretty damn resistant to AA as well but that was over thirty two years ago before I got sober.
