-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nre0c/i_wanted_to_share_my_story_because_i_have_noone/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I've always been a super private person and have kept so many things a secret for so many years. For me it's easier to pour half a bottle of vodka down my throat than to tell anybody about my problems. I know it's hard but I'm going to try to change. Maybe we can try together.
[removed]
the i in ssri is inhibitor. ssr inhibitor 
Thank you for sharing. This really helps me have some hope.
No one in an AA will judge you. Were made up of all kinds. Rich poor black white jaundiced... 
Thank you for sharing. My story is very similar to yours I also have been battling an eating disorder along with my alcoholism. I have always gotten a sense of satisfaction from destroying myself and at my worst I was drinking all day every day while eating almost nothing. I had no plans to quit drinking and I prayed every day I would die in my sleep. One of my loved ones found me after a suicide attempt and I ended up being forced to get sober. Since then I have been able to actually address my problems instead of forcing them down. I have learned who I am as a person and I have slowly been able to find reasons to live. Though I still battle with the desire to hurt myself it no longer fills the void like it once did. Self destructing feels hollow now that I know I can be using my energy to help others...My advice to you is to please please be honest with your therapists about your drinking they can't help you if you don't tell them you have a problem and it will be much easier to quit if you have their support. The alcohol is only making your mental illness worse and though I can't promise that being sober will make everything magically better I can tell you that it will be much easier to heal if you aren't drinking. I also recommend volunteering your time if you can I began working at an animal shelter and helping other living things has helped me feel like I'm worth something...I am sorry for butting into your life like this but please consider what I've said. If you want to talk to me for any reason feel free to shoot me a PM I'm more than happy to help.
Addiction knows no boundaries. Most people in AA are afraid of being judged for something. You are not alone. I encourage you to give AA a try if it's something you want to do. ..I think you would benefit from telling your therapist about your drinking habits. S/he is there to help. Have you not told your therapist psychiatrist and/or friends because you are afraid of them judging you because you feel ashamed or something else? ..What about your twin you spoke of? I'm a twin as well! :) Can you lean on her for support? 
Alcohol can be a kind of reversible suicide. The good news is that you have a chance to reverse it..
