-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nur2p/one_year_ago_i_made_the_best_decision_of_my_life/

1 year ago I quit drinking alcohol.  After a LOT of trying to get sober and relapsing over a long period of years I never gave up hoping I could beat this addiction and finally something just "clicked' and I knew this time was different.  It was like a door to REAL sobriety opened and I made the choice to be courageous and walk though it that awful hungover morning a year ago. ..So much has changed since then. Sure it was pretty rough at first but I finally WANTED to stay sober so bad that I "white-knuckled" that first week or two and made it to bed every night without a drink.  Day by day.  It got easier faster than I expected.  I think 2 things helped above all else:  Avoiding situations where I would be tempted to drink until I was certain I could handle myself with absolute confidence. (This took a few months.)..And this sub.  I think above all else reading all your stories and challenges here for the last year gave me the support I needed to believe in myself.  I found this sub by a miracle the day I quit drinking I didn't even know it existed before.  To this day only my SO knows of my struggles with drinking - I was very good at hiding the extent of addiction from friends and loved ones. (I did not go to AA I respect it but not my thing.)  So this sub was my lifeline to hope I read your posts multiple times a day and as it turns out it was absolutely key in staying sober.  And I was terrified of ever having to reset my badge!! :)..So one year later from that awful morning I am SO MUCH happier and healthier.  Nearly every aspect of my life has improved. Life still has challenges and difficulties of course but now I face them with clarity and courage...To those just starting out - you CAN do this. You can stand a year from where you are today and look back with triumph.  No one is too far gone.  It's just a matter of walking through that open door.  ..Much love and many blessings to you all and THANK YOU!!
----------immediate responses--------

Hot damn an invite to dinosaurs in recovery is in your inbox..keep doing....
Congratulations new DINO!
Awesome job today is that awful morning for me so sick of this shit.
Today is my first day as well...Thanks for telling us your story of success.
Congratulations! 
Congrats good stuff to read.
Awesome! Inspiring stuff :) 
Congrats on a sober trip around the sun!..I think you hit on a big idea. I spent years thinking about and half-heartedly pledging sobriety usually after an outrageous drunken night. In retrospect I didn't want to be sober I just wanted to be not hungover. Wanting to be sober is much harder but it's a real key to success.  
Congrats! ..
Welcome to the club friend.
[deleted]
Congratulations! Happier and healthier is wonderful :)
Congratulations on one year. I never thought 30 days would be possible and now I'm there. I am looking forward to reaching my one year milestone. Thanks for the inspiration!
Congratulations on the year!.I am at day 72 and I am shocked at how not drinking has become the norm for me. If someone had told me this 72 days ago I would not have believed it..life is so much better sans alcohol..Thanks for the inspirational words!
Congrats
Awesome! Congrats on 1 year!
Congrats! 
That's fantastic! Thanks for the inspiration.
Congratulations! Welcome Dino! It's so great to hear stories of those who make that first year celebrate your sobriety!
Congrats!
I really resonate with what you talked about something clicking. I don't know how to explain it but it happened to me too. And I'm so grateful for it. Thank you for your words of encouragement. I can't wait to get one year and then five years and then a whole lifetime of sobriety! But for now I will live in the moment and do this one day at a time. This post was inspiring. Thank you for sharing.
Congratulations!!
