-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nw7cg/struggling/

I feel like a car trying to turn a corner when I've lost all traction. ..Last week I played in a big tournament.  The usual post tourney ritual is to dash to the nearest store to grab as many beers as you can carry  and I'm usually the first in line but instead I sat on the sidelines and refused approximately 1 million offers of a drink.  It made me really sad to think that I would never be part of the post game team bonding again and then I got over myself and realised that I can still be a part of anything worthwhile without a drink in my hand. .Then a few days later I was at the supermarket and found myself spacing out in front of the beers.  I was just standing there and staring!  Gave myself a mental kick and moved on...And last night I was supposed to go out for dinner with a friend and caught myself fantasizing about ordering a drink.  Just one drink of course! So I postponed the dinner and ordered in...I guess I'm posting here for accountability. I've been down this path before but last time I guess I wasn't quite as aware and had that "just one drink" (which had dire consequences). I don't want to do that again.  And I won't.  This time I'm posting and reading here keeping to dry places and I think I'm going to find an English speaking therapist next week because I'm beginning to suspect the first two might not be enough...Not drinking has had so many good effects on my life. My relationship is way better. I have saved a shocking amount of money.  It's crunch time at work and instead of being a mess of stress I'm putting my head down and getting things done. I was always out getting wasted or hungover so I never had time to cook or keep ahead of housework but now my place is clean and organized and I've been getting great pleasure from making healthy delicious and cheap dinners and lunches.  Not drinking has SO MANY WONDERFUL BENEFITS and I'm not going to throw them all away this time! .Just needed to vent thanks SD! This place is a constant source of inspiration and I don't know what I would do without you all.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;And last night I was supposed to go out for dinner with a friend and caught myself fantasizing about ordering a drink. Just one drink of course! So I postponed the dinner and ordered in...BRAVO!!! This is awesome. I love this. 
Habits and brain wiring aren't going to change overnight. Hang in there you're doing fantastic!
You my friend are awesome and an inspiration. Where do you live? Just wondering why it's difficult to find an English speaking therapist
Sorry to hear you're struggling but FWIW I find your ACTIONS to be amazing and inspirational. Choosing to postpone that dinner was an amazing move that took a lot of foresight wisdom and self knowledge. BRAVO! 
Wow! You are doing this!!! I am impressed with and inspired by the ways you are staying sober.
