-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nwp2s/over_5_months_sober_and_really_really_struggling/

I feel like I was "pink-clouding" for a few months. Things were looking up. I was losing weight feeling great. I was outgoing ambitious. The idea of a drink rarely came across my mind. The last month though I've been white-knuckling...I got a homegroup a sponsor a commitment. I'm doing service. I go to meetings daily. I share. But its not enough. I've been overeating and putting on weight so Ive basically swapped addictions. My sponsor is very religious and pushes the higher power thing on me. Its something I just don't believe in and thats the one hangup thats causing me grief in this whole process. I cannot belief that something is controlling my life - it does not make sense to me plain and simple...My brain is starting to tell me to go back out to drink again it will be fine. I don't want to but I also just don't want to feel like this anymore. This flatness this joylessness this void. I'm beginning to think I'm one of the few they talk about in AA who are hopeless. ..Can anyone identify?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah. I'm past five months too and I've discovered that I've just found one painful cycle in place of another.  I am hopeless too.  ..I can identify. 
I'm incredibly similar.  I gain weight as well as just lose motivation for just about everything (really I basically become a lazy slob 100% of the time).  I think therapy is the answer.  You might be someone like me who was depressed before alcohol ever entered their life.  If we were self-medicating with alcohol we may have to go back and treat the underlying cause as to why.  ..5 months is a great achievement and you should feel proud of that even if you aren't feeling better.  No matter what you've taken the first step to getting better unfortunately it just turns out not to be the only step.
The "hopeless" that they talk about in AA are the few who are constitutionally incapable of being honest with themselves. What made you want to stop drinking? What brought you into the rooms of AA? Do you believe that you are an alcoholic?..You say that you don't want to feel like "this" anymore. Do you think that drinking will make you feel better? What are you *doing* to bring joy to your life?
I am sending you a wish for hope and strength. I struggle also and just thinking "I can stop this" or why do I have to be an alcoholic...so many thoughts....I have a local friend over 5 years sober and he doesn't  think. He does...work on his urban farm social concerns ..they say alcoholics are selfish...maybe that is the key to think of others and their needs...
[removed]
The hopeless that they refer to in AA are the ones who are "constitutionally incapable of being honest with themselves." You sound pretty honest and introspective. I would consider finding a new sponsor. I think that could switch the game up for you. Also concerning the higher power - mine doesnt control the universe or even me. I make a daily conscious decision to not drink  today I quiet my mind and I just focus on what's good and right with humanity. It provides me with the higher power and direction I need :)
It's difficult I've thought about going to an AA meeting but the religious aspect really turns me off.
You might  also want to look into post acute withdrawal syndrome to give you some perspective on how you are feeling. I'm not sure how long you had been drinking/drugging but in essence we were poisoning our bodies and brains.  It takes time to heal and especially the first year I can remember being on a bit of an emotional roller coaster.  I also found SMART recovery helpful in addition to AA. It gave me a different perspective on how my addiction worked and where those feelings were coming from.  Change it up if you need to but keep working your program it will get better.  
I've been binge eating this week. I think I'm not socializing enough. I called a sober friend last night and felt A LOT better. Is there anybody you can call (besides your sponsor) and just chat about whatever? Or maybe get some coffee or lunch with someone who's sober? Also I had to get a new sponsor because mine was driving me crazy. 
You might want to change sponsors and find someone who accepts if not shares your position. That should remove a big chunk of worry and free up part of your mind to tackle the other things you have going on. Have you considered taking up something to pass the time make you feel good and help you regain fitness? I'm just about to start tai chi. Keep a it you know that booze is not an answer here regales of the question.
After a few months I started to feel aimless and like you I swapped addictions in a sense (for me it was a relationship). I felt like I wasn't making any progress and if life was going to be this way I might as well drink...I also had a lot of minor replacements like candy and isolated a lot. Over time I've worked on phasing these things out...Well I still feel aimless. But I'm more patient. I'm taking steps to improve myself in other ways and working on goals. ..I think what we're getting into is the real work of sobriety which is replacing alcohol in a healthy way. It's important to recognize the progress you have made and to identify how your life will continue to improve without alcohol. Most importantly be patient with yourself quitting can be an instant decision with immediate pink cloud payoff but other life changes can be slower to accept and adapt to...The farther I get the more obvious it is that while I don't have all the answers the answer surely isn't drinking.
[deleted]
I can absolutely identify. I can't recall how long my pink cloud lasted but when it went away I really struggled with anxiety and depression. The good news is that for me it got better I think it took time for my brain to recalibrate without alcohol. I am still in early sobriety and excited to know that things will get even better with time. And to know that with bumps in the road I am learning to use coping tools which help the situation...I wanted to ask you if you think that your sponsor is the right fit for you? The sponsor and sponsee relationship needs to be a right fit. My sponsor was a religious woman but she allowed me to find my own higher power which was the goddess at first and then I realized that I didn't really believe in a Supreme Being so it transitioned to the universe. The universe is bigger than me...I guess I would invite you to think about whether this relationship is helping or harming your sobriety. Only you can decide this. But it is really normal to outgrow sponsors and it is OK to terminate the relationship and find someone new. A good sponsor will understand this. You have to put your sobriety first.
AA can and will affect you negatively if you are not religious. Anyone that tells you to look past the higher power shit AR full of it. It's like someone that's never had a drink telling you to not think about drinking like it's no big deal. I would seek personal counseling over any AA therapy because of this reason. You don't need a person that's supposedly supporting you putting religious pressure on your ideals. It will only confuse you further. Seek different outlets that will be healthier for you. ..Also for me exercising saved me. I had to fill the void with something and it had to be positive. That's the key do not replace it with something negative. 
Look into the gift of free will. It might help out a bit. Believing in it helps me out a lot. 
Oh man I hear you.   The sugar binge eating in the beginning gave me horrible hangovers and made me seriously depressed....Counting calories and 20 min of exercise every morning were like magic bullets to almost all of my negative emotions....I found a way to get my head around the HP thing.  To me it's simply a mental exercise to redirect negative thought patterns....You're currently debating going back out.  Once we enter that internal debate we very often end up drinking.  It is best not to enter the debate at all....If I feel that debate coming I stop what I'm doing and focus on my HP (my home group).  I imagine what they would say if I told them I was considering drinking....I know they would have my best interest at heart and I know they would convince me not to drink....That group is more powerful than my own will when it come to drinking.   Therefore they are my HP.
