-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nytzb/how_to_maintain_morale/

i continually quit for a few weeks then relapse for a few weeks. this is better than i used to be in that i didn't even quit but i believe that i would be better off if i never ever drank again. but then 2 or 3 weeks bam i'm bored and tired and i can't be bother to look after myself correctly so i get loaded and then again for a while till i'm too sick then i quit. ..i know the answer intellectually ... when i get to that point i need to look after myself as though it was day one all over. ..but somehow i can't seem to keep the morale up and i think oh fuck it doesn't even matter and bam. relapse. ..if anyone has interesting stories about getting passed this i'd love to hear them. 
----------immediate responses--------

I totally did the two-week relapse cycle for years. I think over time it made my mental health even worse. I don't have a magic wand or brilliant wisdom other than to say I found sobriety worth it. My life has become more manageable. I'm able to deal with stressors better...Things that helped me included using distraction when ueges and feelings got really big so I would do things like bake go on the stop drinking chat room read walk the dogs and sometimes I would just go to sleep because feelings were too much...I got a lot out of sobriety literature and I also found other books like books on self compassion mindfulness anxiety management and coping with depression to be helpful. I also really benefited from seeing a therapist. She was expensive so I couldn't see her as often as I wanted to but she was definitely less expensive than my drinking habit!..Keep posting! You can do this.
[removed]
I wasn't able to turn myself around until I hit the very bottom and was physically in shambles and emotionally barren. All I can say is I don't wish that for you. Reaching out to others who have had similar situations can be an eye opener. SD is a good start AA is great for some including myself though I am not a regular. Sharing and doing whatever little I can do to help keeps my morale up. Keep up the fight.
[deleted]
fake it till you make it seems like the right answer to me. ..and i was also thinking i don't need reasons or arguments. i don't owe myself a permanent invitation to debate sobriety. 
last round (2 weeks just ended) i got really into watching elementary. i loved the fact that he was totally nonchalant about dealing with addiction. not a bunch of dumb drama or beliefs or justifications or BS just matter of fact ... i used to no i don't and sometimes i have to work at it. 
