-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o39cb/what_did_you_hear_in_sobriety_that_you_didnt_want/

I have been thinking about how particularly in early sobriety I got lots of great information that I rejected because I didn't want to hear it. Now that I have one day short of 200 days I can reflect back and see that the feedback was bang on but I wasn't ready to hear it. Or at the very least I was unwilling to hear it..One was keeping away from slippery situations that is situations where the primary function was drinking. But I wanted to be social! I wanted to live my normal past life minus the drinking. Well it turns out I went to situations where I wasn't ready. Even if I didn't drink I would obsess about drinking and generally be miserable. Sometimes it began a relapse that was fulfilled a week later. Edited to add that this was something I heard over and over in this subreddit. It took me a long time to learn this!..Another example was when my psychologist told me to take a month off work. She said I was too stressed out and needed to focus on myself and my healing. But my work would fall apart without me! Since I was paying her $180 an hour I decided to take her advice even though I hated the advice and it was the best thing that I could have done. I came back rejuvenated and a far better worker. I only wish she had told me to take a year off to travel! Hahahaha (and still get paid somehow)..Some more advice I heard was from my doctor who told me I absolutely could not drink on my psychiatric medication. But he's not the boss of me! I can manage my drinking. Several trips to the ER later I learned he was right. Damn him...On the stop drinking chat room I was bitching about my neighbors day drinking. I was really obsessed about it. I was told to stop taking other people's inventory. When I heard that I was angry hurt and felt a little betrayed. Werent people supposed to be supportive? Looking back this statement was spot on. It is not up to me to take the inventory of others. It is not up to me to judge the drinking of others. I need to work on myself...I would love to hear from others who experienced a similar situation.
----------immediate responses--------

Give up your feelings. Give up your willfulness. Give up your arrogance. Give up vodka. Give up being the smartest guy in the room. Give up grandiosity. Follow the leader. Follow directions. Do as your told. I am responsbile. 
That what I thought I knew what I believed to be true (especially about myself) what I was absolutely certain about: was mostly bullshit.  I was not the cause and effect; I am a bit player...The freedom derived from embracing that truth was comparable to a huge rock sliding off of my back.  
I think the thing that was hardest for me to hear was that I actually was holding resentments against people.  My whole life I was taught that resentments only hurt yourself so I thought I was pretty good at just letting them go. So when I kept hearing that resentments were one of the most detrimental things to sobriety I was like "Good thing I don't have them!"  Seriously. My first meeting was all about resentments. I felt so alienated because I didn't feel what these women were feeling.  I thought they were just a bunch of whiney old ladies. Therefore because I didn't identify didn't see myself as holding any resentments I took that as a sign that I didn't belong there.  I didn't come back for months and continued to drink (picked up a drink as soon as I left the meeting in fact). ..Figuring out that my most heinous drunken behavior was indeed brought on my buried resentments didn't come about with a bang but with a whimper when I was compiling my own inventory. 2 + 2 + 2? Well I'll be darned. That does actually add up to 6 after all. ..What has helped me in the resentment area has been well....sobriety itself.  Being conscious of what is going on inside of me at all times rather than hiding it behind a wall of alcohol. Being vulnerable has taught me where I should establish boundaries so those resentments don't have to build and do damage. ..
I am responding to my own post here because I thought of something new. I thought that testing myself by being around alcohol in early sobriety was a good idea. The harsh feedback that I didn't want but needed to hear came from people on this subreddit. From people with a lot of sobriety and wisdom. And then I saw people come back with a day one badge after testing themselves. Over and over again.
Not that I didn't hear it before or understand what it meant. But being with my feelings and feeling them. Letting myself not only understand what they were but why they were. Not drinking myself numb is the only way forward.
If you try to hang out with your friends while they're drinking there's a good chance you'll slip up. 
Feelings aren't facts.
Don't drink
"Stick with the winners."..Whenever I heard this phrase thrown around in AA meetings it piiiissed me off because I took it personally and assumed they were looking me directly in the eye and calling me a loser. All I wanted to do was stand up for the "losers" create a "losers" club where the winners weren't allowed JUST to show them that we could do it without them.........Well needless to say I soon realized that if you were to throw a bunch of inexperienced sick people together it'd be mass chaos! Of course we need to stick with the winners. We can't end up on the periphery and get lost like an antelope to the cheetah.....Anyway I've now been "sticking with the winners" and it's a whole lot of damn fun if you ask me. It's gotten to the point where I can recognize where I am in my sobriety in relation to other people -- For example there's a new girl in my area who is going through some serious shit. I gave her my phone number but she is not someone I would actively seek out to help because I am young in sobriety and would have no idea how to offer her guidance. Of course if she reached out I would do what I could direct her to other "winners."..The point is taking on the "stick with the winners" perspective instead of rejecting it with every bit of my ego has helped me help myself AND help others. I've gained immense self-awareness and put myself right in the middle of the action where I am accountable.
I'm trying to find a way to say this without sounding like a dick. But I honestly feel like the title of this post should be "What did you hear in **AA MEETINGS** that you didn't want to hear but really needed to hear?"  Based on the majority of the responses anyway...
That I was not unique - or special - there was no loophole with my name on it - that I was just another bozo on the bus.....
Stay away from "that man"!
That being sober may take more than just stopping drinking. Sobriety may require other changes those changes take work.
That long-term abstinence is likely the best way forwards. That there's likely no turning back the clock (unless you're a unicorn) that returning to drinking will likely land you right back where you jumped off.
Quit smoking weed every day. I didn't even want to hear the nicer version: "Eventually you may find that you want to quit smoking weed every day." ;)
Dry people dry places. 
You need to change your behavior to change how you feel.  You can't sit around and wait until you "feel better" to change your behavior...I have applied this to many things except to my procrastination problem.  I'm still hanging around waiting to feel better for that one. 
I was told I was living in denial.  I was but the last thing a person living in denial wants to hear is that they are living in denial. 
To offer up something non-AA (though I have a ton of great ones from the rooms!) my IOP counselor has been working hard to drill this one into my head: "feelings are neither intrinsically good nor bad they are simply feelings." Still baffles me some days :)
My therapist said "the goal shouldn't be to rewire your brain so you can drink like a normal' person the goal is to rewire your brain so you don't drink period."..I was fresh out of detox and was kind of pissy like "if all things are the same and we're rewiring brains why NOT work towards the first?". But as time went on I realized that the fact that such a statement frustrated me to such a degree was proof that the latter really was the best and safest option.
&gt;It is not up to me to take the inventory of others...I still have to remind myself of this! Not just drinking but at work in school etc. It's great general advice.
