-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o458t/just_saying_hi/

Just wanted to say hi! to my favorite corner of the internet :) ..I started off pretty active in SD but the past couple of weeks I sort of retreated into myself and started isolating again. I was just feeling so raw and emotionally vulnerable- and I'm a pretty thin-skinned person to start with- that I didn't have the courage to post/comment and put myself out there. It was pretty silly of me and I realize that now so I'm back! ..I've had a really great last week of sobriety. My mind feels like it's clearing up more every day. And I feel like I learn something new every day - about myself or about a different way of looking at things - and as a result I feel like I've grown so much. I'm starting to learn to keep the guilt shame self-loathing etc. in their proper places instead of letting them consume me. As my sponsor says put them on a shelf - we'll take them down when it's time. I struggle with wanting quick fixes (duh! that's why I was an alcoholic/drug addict) so it was really frustrating and defeating to me to realize what I wanted (sobriety health growth wisdom) but not be able to instantly achieve it. I hated myself for falling short of the ideals I set for myself - all ideals that are NOT readily attainable with 2 or 20 or probably even 200 days sober. I want to be PERFECT not what I am (human)...So I am learning to ease up on things and ease up on myself. To try to accept that I'm an imperfect human doing the best I can (even when my best doesn't feel "good enough" to me). And it's working! It is soooo much easier to defeat a craving for alcohol when I'm not hating myself for having that craving in the first place! It is sooo much easier to accomplish what I need to accomplish at work when I make a five item to-do list instead of a five page to-do list -- and I accomplish a lot more with the former instead of the latter. ..Things are looking up! Yesterday morning I woke up and did my daily check-in -- looked myself in the eyes in the mirror and said that today I am not drinking no matter what happens good or bad. And then I said "You are going to be okay" and for the first time EVER *I believed it.*..Things are going to be okay and I am going to be okay. We are all going to be okay :-)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;To try to accept that I'm an imperfect human doing the best I can (even when my best doesn't feel "good enough" to me)...[This](http://i.imgur.com/KU3FtSc.png) is a little Buddhist thing about that.  ..This [guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Meditation/comments/1pk038/the_other_side/cd3724v)sumed it up perfectly for me but more about accepting ones self as your are...&gt;it is not a grass is greener thing or about your particular perspective. Ask yourself what what is one of the greatest truths you can discover or recover through meditation? Is it not simply that that great thing you had been searching for to make sense of your life was always within you? That the journey you thought you had to undertake had already been completed? That's the trick. You are already home and only need to relax into the present. You are already on the other side. You only need to realize it. ..Hope it helps.
&gt;And then I said "You are going to be okay" and for the first time EVER I believed it...YAY!!! You ARE going to be okay! What a lovely post :)
Well-done /u/alice_anonymous.  
This post really rang true for me. Feeling vulnerable and subsequently isolating the perfectionism etcetera. Thank you so much for sharing! This was exactly what I needed to hear today. Progress not perfection.
[this](http://i.imgur.com/fbPi7Ya.jpg)
Great post!
That's just wonderful. So happy things are improving and tomorrow is the big 30!
Hey!!!  Yea!!!!.Look who got a STAR!!!..Why don't you put it on your chip?
Incredible post thank you for sharing! ..I can very much relate to how much easier it is to stay sober when I'm not unhappy with myself. It's partly because I feel like I deserve sobriety and to do good things for myself and partly it's a disarming of my self destructive tendencies which kept they bottle in my hand for so long. 
