-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oharj/good_job/

You are doing good. Hope you can let go of alcohol for good. I finally did. Not sure what did it for me but I don't even think about alcohol anymore. I have no desire for it. Doing 500 days has shown me that I have no obligation or reason to ever drink again. Not for myself. Not for anyone. Even if I could be a normal drinker I wouldn't want it. Alcohol has lost all its magic and romance to me. Like breaking up with a girl that you used to really love and then realizing what a bad person she really was in reality. I have no need for alcohol and never will again. Its just a substance I see everywhere that doesn't bother me at all. Finally free if it. Can't explain how this feels. If you are feeling it you will understand. If you are still struggling keep it up because you really want to get to this point. I used to post multiple times per day on stop drinking. Look at my post history. You could spend all day and not get to the end of it. Hundreds of posts to stop drinking. Don't ever give up on yourself. You can do it...I went through all the same stages as everyone here. If I come to this subreddit its like looking at my own history. Day 1 Week 1 Month 1 100 days 1year... All the same struggles. If you think you want to drink don't do it. Just follow the path that all these people are showing for you. They can do it and you can too...My life now isn't super awesome by any stretch of imagination. But one thing for sure: alcohol isn't in it...If you want it you can do it. Never give up on yourself. Respect and love yourself no matter what...Good luck everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Appreciate the encouragement. I probably needed it today.
I have 19 months and I know exactly what you're describing. I like the way you express what stopping drinking is like spot on. Keep on brother! 
Well said DD!  Especially the respect and love yourself part.  I absolutely believe that is key.
Thank you for your motivation. Must keep pressing on.
Thank you for posting this.
One of the best things if not the best thing someone said to me on my second day sober (this time around) was: "You never have to drink again." I started crying when she said it. I've kept it with me every day since...Thank you so much for this post!
Thanks for the motivation! 
This is fantastic.  Thank you for posting this.
