-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ok0g0/relapse_after_11_days/

I screwed up.. After 11 days I drank. It didn't feel good. I thought about almost the whole time how stupid thing it actually is to drink. And now I feel awful. It was "only" a six pack of beer and two whiskey shots but I feel like shit. I can't believe that was my daily dosage just couple of weeks ago. ..I've mostly had good days but couple of times I've been really close to drink but every time I figured that drinking wouldn't help me feel better only make matters worse. Yesterday I had a really really bad day. Stupid excuse to drink. It feels like I wanted to hurt myself somehow. Like disappointing myself would somehow be something that I deserve. I don't know if anyone can relate to that. ..Anyway I think yesterdays relapse will just make me commit to this sober thing more. It did not help me anyway other than made me appreciate the last 11 sober days more. ..I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink today with you!
Yeah I used to drink when I felt down because I think I wanted to make myself feel really really bad so that I could rationalize even more drinking. It's a helluva nasty spiral. ..But you didn't "screw up" think of it as "having learned a lesson". ..And for what it's worth the longer I go without drinking the less I want to make myself feel bad- I don't deserve that kind of punishment anymore. ..You can do this. ..Good luck.
I can relate to that. I try to remind myself all feelings and urges pass even the horrible ones.
&gt;It feels like I wanted to hurt myself somehow. Like disappointing myself would somehow be something that I deserve. I don't know if anyone can relate to that. ..Absolutely can relate to this. I know my *why's* of it even when I pretended to myself that I didn't. All the while standing by horrified as I tried to run myself off a metaphorical cliff with booze. Quitting doesn't make my issue go away. I still haven't dealt with it and don't know if I ever will. **But** I know I *never* will if I continue drinking. I know I can't make true amends with myself or with others while I'm drinking. I know I don't want to die and I know I can't change the past so sobriety may lead me to solutions I'm not aware of which may lead to peace. And in the meantime sobriety continues to work it's magic in all other areas of my life. 
I went thru this cycle for years where I beat myself up &amp; "needed" to drink to feel better.  For me nothing really improved for more than a limited time until I finally stopped drinking &amp; let myself experience those crummy feelings while having tools other than alcohol to deal with them.  It'll get better for ya if you work for it.
