-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ooitf/2nd_meeting_update/

Today was my second meeting and I'm in awe absolute awe.  You always hear about a higher power this God that seems to elude us in our worst moments in our most intoxicated and out of control moments.  I'm starting to believe in it now. I was searching for meetings today and I couldn't find the one I had intended on going to so I ended up at the place where my first meeting was.  At this meeting I saw former highschool friends of mine and just wow this wave of instant relief.  People my age people I know former friends of mine are going through this too.  After this meeting I got dinner with a group of them and it's safe to say my whole night is made.   I have found a friend group that is striving for the same things: sobriety happiness and peace.   I'm geeking about how happy I feel because this feeling has been unattainable for me in years.  Anyways I just wanted to fill you guys in on this.  I think faith goes a long way and the people at meetings along with this community has been life-saving for me and it's only been the second day.  I'm excited I'm excited to see where my life goes and to continue this path to sanity.  One day at a time though. Sending everyone who's struggling the most love and hugs tonight along with the reassurance that things truly are darkest before dawn
----------immediate responses--------

Always great to hear a good first impression story about AA.  Congrats.
I'm excited for you!!!! A sober friend group changes EVERYTHING!!!
Sounds like you have found a good group. It was one of my saving graces too. Keep it up
The power of the group is real so long as you can be completely honest.  The support that the group provides in good times and bad (both directly and indirectly) made the difference for me. By being a part of the group you can see and believe that others are making it and you can too.  If you still lie to yourself and others the group cannot save you.  Make a commitment to honesty if you want to stay sober.
