-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oqbd1/tempted_yesterday/

I've made it 57 days almost 2 months. Yesterday for no reason at all I was driving home from work and got the idea to go pick up some booze and get hammered. I was feeling like crap because I hadn't been sleeping well so maybe part of me thought getting drunk would make me feel better...Next thing I knew I stood there in the booze aisle of the grocery store and my mind was screaming don't do it but I've had enough relapses to know that I was about to do it anyway. I literally pulled out my phone in front of my usual booze of choice at the store and opened this subreddit as a last ditch effort to convince myself to walk away and read the top post which was /u/sober92627 's post about 10 years of sobriety which ended 5 years ago. It was enough to get me home sans booze although I almost left the house several times later in the night. But I woke up this morning rested and sober and thankful that I didn't give in...I hope I don't get the idea in my head on the way home today. I think I'm starting to get complacent. Thanks for the support everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Action action action. Love this! Even on the brink a simple action can turn the tide. Now to beef up your toolbox! ..I'm finding myself complacent more often lately but for very short periods of time. I've been trying to figure out why because I'd like to put a stop to it. I'm just starting to grasp the idea that regardless of why it's happening i still have to quash it. ..*But I waaaant it!*."Well of course you do. You're an alcoholic. Come on let's get some ice cream"..I think if I can learn how to urge surf consistently and successfully the little bugger will quiet down. 
Great job. It was extremely difficult for me to interrupt the obsession of drinking once it started turning over in my head. It was always recommended I call someone but during those moments I forgot my phone existed. However the few times I did manage to call someone I DID stay sober. Even better where the times where I could get to a meeting or meet in person with a friend/sober person. The great things about meetings is that I knew that for at least an hour I knew I'd be safe and would not drink. Keep at it and best of luck!
Good work man! I've done the grocery store beer aisle walk as well. It feels SO much better to walk away and wake up sober.
So happy for you! This is inspiring. I too was tempted last night. Had a stressful evening with a child I was looking after. All I could think about was stopping at the liquor store on the ride home for a nightcap. But I drove straight home and had some candy instead because I didn't want to wake up today full of remorse. We will never regret not drinking!
Went to a bar and tried to order a drink the other night. Fuck that shit. Sobriety is worth the uncomfortable. Are you drinking today? Yes or no. I'm a no. I decided that earlier so I don't need to trip on it. If I need to I can drink tomorrow. One day at a time.
Sometimes I stay  sober out of sheer obstinacy.  Correct me if I'm  wrong but aren't  the chances of an alcoholic staying sober for one year are like 5 to 10%? Slim and none practically? Nearly everyone I hooked up with at meetings that was "new" too have left. So like you guys I'm determined to rack up more sober days for now knowing I can always go back to feeling horrible in the future if I make that choice. SD definitely brings it home when needed and yours is a great example. Best wishes to all of us.
