-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oru64/coming_out_of_the_cold_from_12_years_of_alcohol/

I have been avoiding participating in these forums because my problems have never really seemed as bad in comparison to some of the stories I usually read about.  I've been a high functioning alcoholic: drinking strictly after dark no DUI trouble no intoxication on my work time.  Even to this day I can put down 10-12 shots of vodka without blacking out or doing stupid stuff and can remember all of the previous night.  In early 2014 I made an attempt to stop got a badge and posted my story but didn't get much of any response and it kind of felt like a green light to not worry about it so much and drift back to drinking as long as I kept it under control.  My lack of willpower and some extreme stress later that year associated with moving kind of compounded things and resulted in going from 8 to 12 drinks a night...One of my wake-up calls this year was my life insurance exam from early this summer.  It came back with one elevated marker (GGTP of 134) and I began having some weak transitory pain in my upper right quadrant which I am sure is fatty liver but could be gall bladder one of the two...The other wake-up call is a realization I have been getting none of the euphoria and enjoyment from alcohol.  After drinking 8 shots of vodka I'm now at the point where I'm standing there thinking "well I feel a little better but this just isn't gonna be worth the shitty sleep and dragging around all morning that's coming next".  For whatever reason I've doggedly resisted going beyond 12 drinks a night and I think that's kept me from going into the deep end of alcoholism.  At that point I just go to bed and read stuff online until I fall asleep.  But I wake up early after 4-5 hours of sleep and drag myself through a mental fog until evening...I finally confided in a family member (close cousin) about my problem and started cutting back significantly in mid-August but not altogether going from 6-12 drinks a night to 2-5 and started working in some non-drinking nights.  I had several binge-drink nights since then were I went to 6-12 drinks from extreme outside stress but lots of clean stretches too.  If it weren't for Saturday night I'd be looking at a 10 day badge right now.  Cutting out those binges is my main challenge right now...The detox symptoms for me have been difficult to get through as I can tell they're tempting me to pick up drinking the next few nights.  If I've had more than 6 drinks they seem to hit around the 36-48 hour and I feel it mainly as slight shaking lots of mildly painful tension in my leg muscles and a feeling of panic inexplicable anxiety and impatience dealing with other people.  It also makes it extremely difficult to wind down in the evening sleep.  I've managed this with some baclofen and to a lesser extent judicious use of kratom (I'm undecided whether it helps with this kind of thing as some aspects seem to be unpleasant with alcohol detox like vague nausea) and some nootropics as a long term solution.  Vitamins and B-1 also seem to be helping.  Once I am past those symptoms keeping alcohol out of the house continuing with vitamins and nootropics drinking lots of water and always keeping engaged with something fun seems to be the best thing.  If things get worse I turn to the other above substances and they seem to work well...Overall my difficult thing right now is getting through is the hours at night (midnight 1 am 2 am) when the anxiety comes around boredom sets in and worries begin.  I've had most of my problems here.  It also pushes back my bedtime and results in insomnia.  What's helping so far is focusing on things I used to do before the drinking (reading gaming etc).  Having gone through my 20s and mid 30s with no drinking is a huge plus and I've been working to connect my memories to those years and have some enjoyable nights like back in those days and even indulging in some of the same games from then like Sims 1.  Melatonin and ashwagandha seem to be helping with bedtime issues but I'm not yet sure whether I'm making progress here or not...Finally one area I'm working through that I neglected to do with my attempts in 2014 is identifying the root causes of stress in my life when sober.  Back then I just ignored them and treated them as the realities of life.  However I'm actually addressing them now.  One cause of stress is being a bit overweight so I've been significantly reducing my carb intake and eating more protein and it's making a difference.  Another cause is feeling like I'm under too much pressure with work and to fix that I've been proactive about working smart and getting ahead of the curve and it seems once I'm actually doing that I have no reason to be stressed because shit is getting done and that gives me more motivation to keep at it...Well that's my story.  Even though I've had some relapses I feel I'm finally on a rocket ride out of the abyss (not quite out of it but almost there) and I hope I can keep the badge.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi E_C.  Posting here for the first time was a huge deal for me and I think I only eeked out a sentence or two...I just commented on another post that making through day 3 was the hardest for me.  Congratulations on getting past those rough first days...One thing that has helped me besides interacting on SD has been doing one-on-one therapy weekly to examine/feel/work through the feelings that I was trying so hard most of my life to avoid. ..The daily pledge was a great place for me to start my day for the 1st few months of my sobriety.  I'm back to the check-in now as I felt the need to reconnect with everybody who makes that daily commitment...Take care.
[removed]
Your drinking habits sound a lot like mine used to. Very heavy drinker for about 5 years or so then I "moderated" which translated to about 4-5 drinks most night (which is technically a binge!) except for nights I intentionally got drunk which were at least 2x that...It wasn't one singular event that made me stop it was the chronic fatigue the bad sleep the anxiety and irritability that permeated every aspect of my life. It kept me in a mediocre job I had only a few distant friends I was insecure about my wife's normal growth as a 20-something adult while I was in some kind of arrested development...My life didn't immediately get better when I stopped drinking. It was the same shitty state of affairs as it was when I was drinking only I didn't have a crutch to lean on. But it did get better eventually and it sounds like yours will too.
Welcome /u/EXCELLENT_QUESTION so at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is a pretty good place to start stopping.  Since you are already under way maybe this will be sort of an explainer for you of SD itself.  Good luck.
Shit yeah dude love this post. I hear echoes of my bouts of moderation I thought I was so smart but really all I was doing is reorganizing the limits to fit my accelerating and progressive disease. Did your 12 drinks a night used to be 10? When you cut down did you first decide on one or two a night and have to up it to 2-5 to stay within your comfort zone? My point of clarity came when I started driving drunk. I have a very beloved family member who lost his brother to drunk driving and I had never in my life drove drunk and faithfully called a cab every time. When I realized I was driving drunk I immediately tried to stop cold turkey. I admitted alcoholism had found me I was no longer able to outrun it. After a few sober attempts failed and I realized I was driving drunk every single day as my new normal along with all the other bottoms I was finding I went to AA for help. I wasn't any good at staying sober on my own. I haven't been perfect with AA either but I have a shot at getting this. I'm telling you this not because I want to proselytize you but because like I said I hear echoes of myself in your post and after years of moderation and cold turkey attempts the only thing that got through was a radical willingness I found in AA. I drank the koolaid man after years of cynicism and bias. Thank god. Or God or G.O.D. or the program or the doorknob or a sponsor or the Force or a higher power or whatever those reading this chose for themselves. The religion thing held me back for a long time. Also thankfully AA is not a religious program...It's so crazy it could work.
Just wanted to chime in and say awesome job making an introductory post--admitting there's an issue can be very difficult but is absolutely  necessary to proceed with recovery. ..The analytic mind that comes through in your post and your ability to significantly cut carbs out of your diet are significant strengths; it reminds me of the way my mind works and the diet altering I tried to do before I got sober as well as the habits I am working on improving now very systematic and doggedly persistent. ..As a suggestion check out [SMART](http://www.smartrecovery.org) I found that the cognitive tools of SMART really resonated with my analytical mind. Good luck friend!..EDIT: Formatting
&gt;my problems have never really seemed as bad in comparison to some of the stories I usually read about. I've been a high functioning alcoholic  ...Don't take this the wrong way but after reading your post you don't sound like you're functioning very well at all. I hope you stick with your sobriety and find a smoother path. Keep checking in my friend!
