-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3owxva/stomach_pain_from_a_small_amount_of_alcohol_vs_67/

Just had half a pint of ale after 67 days sober. Experienced a sharp pain in my stomach shortly after this and had a localized pain and irritation in my stomach for the last few hours (still ongoing). I was experiencing these symptoms before I quit and this was one of the reasons I stopped drinking. (e.g. one pint of ale and my stomach was in agony the next day)...Has anyone else experienced something like this from a small amount of alcohol? (no medical advice please just your own experiences).  Just feel like i'm the only one who has a reaction like this no one I know has experienced anything similar from small amounts of alcohol....Btw Thanks to sd for being here and getting me to 67 days and for the daily check in. I plan to get straight back on the horse. ..Oh and the last 67 days have been great - I've attended so many social events sober that I thought would be unbearable without alcohol and they've been fine (speed dating was one example I had a near panic attack driving there thinking there's no way I can do this sober but after I got chatting it was fine and I felt kind of a high afterwards - it helped that the girl I was chatting to wasn't drinking either)...Something I've struggled with and the reason for the 'relapse' above is that drinking is still a strong part of my identity.  E.g. despite not drinking for 67 days I was a still doling out advice on real ales e.g. such and such is nice try that. I've also somehow managed to verbally arrange to go on a real ale drinking weekend next month for my friends birthday - no way that will be happening now given my above reaction to half a pint of ale. ..My other fear is that when my friends finally realize i've quit drinking completely (as opposed to abstaining) i'll lose them. E.g. I asked another friend recently if he'd like to go to Oxford for the day - I said i'll drive us (him and 2 of my other friends) up for the day you can have a drink and then we'll drive back. His answer 'That's not happening we'll stay overnight and you can have a drink'. ..Another example is a possible trip to Dublin before the end of the year to visit my friend who's emigrated. I'm a social guy and I'd love to go visit him with the guys but I honestly don't know how i'd manage it if the main activity is drinking. I very much want to go on holiday but I feel like I'd be turning down all trips abroad just because it may be difficult socially not drinking. ..Despite the above mental struggles though one realization i've had is that it's normal to feel some anxiety before a social situation but once you get there and are chatting with a drink in hand that anxiety disappears and what's better is the drink doesn't have to be alcoholic for this to happen. Mine's a blackcurrent squash with ice...
----------immediate responses--------

Back in February and March I went 45 days sober. I quit because of abdominal discomfort and swollen organs. It rapidly got better and I resumed drinking. The pain took 4 months or so to return at which point I continued to drink for another 2 months. On September 6th I quit again with pain and deteriorating health chief among many reasons I needed to stop. Even as I healed again the dissipating pain lead to thoughts of drinking. ..Can you see the insanity in that thinking and those actions? I truly believe that choosing to drink or not is for me a life or death decision. That's my two cents. 
Absolutely have experienced what your describing. It created a vivid image of my intestine looking up at me saying "Seriuosly? You're going to do this to me again after how nice I've been to you? Wtf lady?"  ..In regard to your friends and family my heart goes out to you having read that. I would like to hope that losing them really would not be the case but it certainly does happen. I also think that is a huge obstacle for a lot of people trying to get sober. That being said you matter. Your health matters. Your peace matters.  Your life lived to its fullest potential matters. Those in your life that don't feel the same for whatever reason it's on them to come to terms with. I hope you find a path where you can hold on to the things that are most important to you and the opportunies that sobriety brings. 
When my friends found out I quit drinking...THAT is when I discovered who my real friends were.  /u/offtherocks wrote a top comment on a post a year ago about this.....https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29orip/wanna_find_out_who_your_true_friends_are_get_sober/...(If I could figure out how to link to just the comment I would have...sorry.)..I also realized in order to maintain a sober life I needed to CHANGE my life.  Going out to bars and ordering a soda just wasn't an option.  Going to wine tastings vineyards parties based on drinking...this needed to stop for me to stay sober. ..And some friends stuck around.  They supported my decision.  They chose to not drink around me in support...they chose to listen and call me and encourage me.  ..And some friends didn't...some faded away because I no longer lived the "party and get drunk all the time" lifestyle.  ..Does that mean my life got boring?  Hell no!  I have game nights/parties at my house all the time and we have a BLAST...and we don't need alcohol to enjoy ourselves and we wake up without hangovers the next day.  ..The concept of "stopping drinking" to me seemed so basic at first.."Ok...I just don't drink booze!  I mean sure...that is easy right?"  No.  It was a lifestyle change for me to get it to stick...and the life I have now...is beyond what I could ever have guessed.  I've been through challenges ups and downs  and things I NEVER would have survived pre-sobriety.  ..Today I'm thankful for being sober.
