-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oz5k7/my_old_sponsor_is_coming_to_town/

I want to preface that this post is not an endorsement of any type of treatment model. I am only speaking to my own experiences...That said I had an awesome sponsor years ago. She tried really hard to help me. Probably too hard. I wasn't willing to help myself. So I struggled a lot and she was awesome in so many ways went with me to meetings we went on walk together we did the steps together she was a busy woman and she always took time out of her schedule for me. And me being the obstinent alcoholic I was I never stopped drinking...For fun I texted her the other day out of the blue to tell her that I have had such success in sobriety and that I have so much gratitude towards her. And she told me she is coming into town in November. I am so proud of my accomplishments and I really want to let her know that even though I was a hopeless case she planted seeds that have grown into the sobriety that I have today...I also wanted to say that when things got really rough my husband who originally was completely against me going to AA but quickly changed his mind when he saw how bad my drinking was actually reached out to my sponsor and she told him to go to an Alanon meeting. He hated it but I hope he got what he needed. In fact I think he did because he immediately set boundaries that I hate it but he deserved. He was going to leave me. He deserved better...This is such a rambling post but I am so excited to see her and let her know how well I am doing!
----------immediate responses--------

That is so exciting! I hope you guys have a great catch up and I'm sure she'll be very proud of the awesome progress you've made! ..Let us know how your catch up goes :)
&gt;even though I was a hopeless case she planted seeds that have grown into the sobriety that I have today...It is so strange how that works.  It is so rare we see someone say "hey you're right I'm going to turn my life around starting now."..no our condition has its roots too deep in us for that our propensity for denial our skills at rationalization our death grip on moderation as our savior all make this almost impossible...She will be very happy to see you and your success. I had a similar event this summer.  And some day as a sponsor yourself I suspect you will see a seed sprout and say "about time."
This is exciting!! On a related note I remember running into the first person that ever talked to me at my first meeting. I was so excited to see him and show him that I was still there finally sober and so grateful for his kindness on that very scary day. It's nice to show people how much their kind actions affected you.
Awww I'm a little jealous.  :-D  Mine just moved three timezones away...and I miss her already.....Have a fantastic time..check out some new meetings...and enjoy every cup of coffee/tea/smoothie together.  
