-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ozu17/sponsor_navigating_aa_would_love_some_feedback/

Hello sobernauts!..(Finally hopped on my other account which I'll be using exclusively for /r/stopdrinking)..This may be a tad lengthy so thanks for proceeding... I could use any thoughts on some vibes I've been trying to sort through...To begin I'm no stranger to the rooms of AA. About 3 months ago my soul was finally reaching its breaking point. I decided to sincerely give the program a go. I was desperate. ..Adhering to "nothing changes if nothing changes" I decided to tell my anxiety/excuses to shove it and get a sponsor...I was a sweaty shaky mess at an evening meeting. Thoughts racing. Afterwards a girl approached me and started chatting. She was laid back and seemed to have it together. I blurted out "do you sponsor?" She became my temporary sponsor...Progress. We talked daily and began the steps. I didn't realize when we met that she doesn't actually live in the city anymore she just attends meetings here when she has the time...At first we were seeing each other in person weekly. Reading together and discussing the BB Steps/content often followed by attending a meeting. She was essentially my gateway to getting more acclimated to socializing engaging with the program particularly other women. I realized she was basically driving to the city to sponsor me. That was really cool although I had no idea initially...Then she started school back. I didn't know she was pursuing a new field of study and is planning to apply for graduate school. We haven't met in a few weeks we were talking daily via phone  but due to the busyness of personal schedules it's more like 4 days a week now...I like her. She isn't a whip cracking sponsor but she has been a big help in listening to my "craziness" reassuring me and just helping me navigate early sobriety...Now I'm sitting on Step 4. Haven't started it yet. On one of our calls some weeks back she mentioned hopefully being able to get together soon. I get it. She has f/t school a sig. other and her own AA program. I honestly feel that finding a successful sponsor who isn't busy would be a challenging endeavor...There are some women in the program who are... well vocal about sponsors who don't practice progressing with consistent momentum through the steps. They feel working the steps really lays the foundation to not be vulnerable to a relapse/"get the full benefit of AA."..One woman in particular who works a strong program texted me recently and in conversation asked if I had moved on to the next step yet. We've attended a step mtg where I mentioned I'm not to step 11 or whatever step we were on. She's called herself out before on trying to want everybody to succeed and work a good program. She's self-aware enough  to realize different people do things their own way though...Now my quandary: Truthfully I'm okay with not speeding through them but is this my alcoholic mind trying to run the show not wanting me to progress? Legit feel that sometimes being human is blamed on the alcoholic mind. Bleh. I'm trying to pursue f/t work so I've got my own life too. Sobriety is my priority but improving my situation/not being evicted is also conducive to recovery...I like the social aspect of AA. Being around and talking to other alcoholics makes a big difference for me. However is it vital to chug through the steps to not relapse? I'd be content to attend meetings participate and interact if the steps weren't SO heavily emphasized.  Strangely I feel my (written novel) Step 1was so thorough it bordered on being a Step 4...I haven't really been able to discuss this with folks I know in the program because it feels vaguely icky/gossipy. I have had mixed feelings about AA in general lately but I know I can't do it on my own.  Plus it's free. ..I like the meetings I regularly attend but maybe I need to  mix it up a little? I just feel burnt out on all the rhetoric and same people/subtle opinions on things surfacing  lately. I've only had a few days of riding the "pink cloud" about 2 months ago so I know this isn't just reality setting in...tl;dr: Feeling kind of AA'd out sponsor has other stuff going on and I don't want to relapse but I'm okay with not rigorously going through the stepwork. Drifting a bit. ..Thoughts on this essay I just wrote?   Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I think it is good advice to make it through the steps at least once but if your sponsor isn't working out feel free to get a new one.  Any decent sponsor will be totally cool about this.  IMO you should not feel pressured to work with a sponsor you don't like or to rush through step work if you aren't ready.  Try new meetings meet new people don't let other people guilt you into doing things "their way".  There are many self-professed AA experts who are well intentioned but not that helpful...This is really a fine line between taking good suggestions and working a good program and using your judgment to find a program that works for you.  Sounds like you are balancing that in your mind you have the intentions to keep working you just don't feel right about the people you are around at this time.  Keep going to meetings and journaling and reading you will be fine the right sponsor will appear when you are ready...
There's a monkey on your back.  Feel it?  I'd have this exact conversation with your sponsor.  Hell read your post to your sponsor.  If I was her that's what I'd hope for.  ..I'm sure that's a scary proposition but it's important for a number of reasons.  Just having the convo will help get the monkey off of your back.  If it goes "poorly" try bringing it up with someone else you look up to at your meetings.  PM me if you'd like.  But don't sit in worry &amp; remorse.  For me anyway that's a very dangerous path...I wish you the best!
[removed]
I think having a conversation with your sponsor about her ability to walk you through the steps is a really good first step. If she is too busy maybe she can't be your sponsor but she can be a support of sobriety buddy...I may get flack for this but my experience was that I rushed through the steps especially step 4 and it was not helpful for me. I will not blame doing step 4 on my relapse the relapse was all my doing but I don't think I was ready for a step 4. I did it because I thought I was supposed to do it and everyone told me to go do the steps and there was an urgency to it. That was not helpful to me.
