-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p1wip/full_time_single_dad_i_think_im_also_a_functional/

I haven't drank in two days. Sadly the reason for this is at least in part that I got so drunk two nights ago when I went out with people from work (a rare occasion) that I still don't feel 100% again yet...I have a good job that I excel at and I take care of my 3 children 442. Their mother left about 18 months ago and I've been on my own ever since (though I do have family nearby that takes them once in a while to give me a break)...I drink pretty much every night at home usually. 3-5 beers of relatively high alcohol content (6-8%). While it's not super obvious I know that it affects me. In sports I play during work hours I feel I am not as good and I believe that my mental faculties are impacted though I can't obviously tell (other than a bad memory)...I want to stop. I need to stop. I'm all my kids have. ..One of the biggest challenges I have is that I feel the need to consume some kind of liquid most of the time. At work it's soda (also not good but that's another struggle entirely because they have free soda fountains). At home it switches to beer or bourbon. I've tried drinking soda at home but the sweetness overwhelms me after a couple. Water isn't as satisfying for some reason. I've tried various teas but the prep time puts me off. Lately I've been making iced coffee with some success as a replacement but it doesn't always work...I've gone two days without anything and I want to continue to stay on the wagon so to speak. What do I do? How do I do it?
----------immediate responses--------

First off congratulations for the first two days! Yes you've already qualified your success and I don't buy it for a second. To be successful today you ONLY NEED TO GET THROUGH TODAY doing the same thing you did yesterday. ..Don't solve the rest of your life. Just solve today tonight now. ..Your habit EXACTLY mirrors mine. I drank alone. At home. At night next to the bed. [Here is my post just yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3otet0/where_ive_been/) I have a wife and children (now mostly grown) and nightly drinking was my routine for over 10 years getting a little worse each year. It's been horrible for the last 5. ..As you can see I've been at it for a little over a month. One of the things I used to drink was sugar-free Kool-Aide and rum so I switched to doing the same without the rum. I drink so much of that stuff! And I distract myself intentionally when I get the urge to drink. For example last night I replaced the lights on my motorcycle. ..Do you need to hit "rock bottom" or do you love yourself and your kids enough to make the change now? I wish I'd done this years ago... even though I was "functional" right up to the day I quit.
First of all way to go for your sobriety so far and way to go for posting here! I am similar I always need to have a drink in my hand. So I drink tons of water. I pee so much I sometimes think I'm diabetic. At home I drink fizzy water. Basically that SodaStream thingy and I enjoy the fizziness a lot. It helps cut down on my soda which I really struggle with. That said I would rather drink 2 liters of soda a day than touch alcohol...What I found helpful in early sobriety was building up my supports. Everyone's path looks different and you will probably hear a lot of different suggestions. Take what works for you and leave the rest...For me I found this forum to be very helpful. Stop drinking also has a 24 hour chat room that I found immensely helpful particularly in early early sobriety. I found counseling with an addiction specialist to be really helpful. I also went to AA meetings which I felt were helpful because I liked being around people who understood me and my illness. What I noticed about the first times I went to meetings vs. My experience in later sobriety was that I spent a lot of time looking for differences versus similarities. This is not confined to alcoholic Anonymous meetings it can apply here too...Some of us like to minimize our problems with drinking by pointing out the ways that we aren't that bad. For example I never lost my home I never lost my marriage or my job etc I focused on the ways I was so called functional that I completely ignored the ways that I was not functional...I wish you the best and I hope you continue posting!
Welcome /u/ay_non to r/stopdrinking--I was able to stop drinking and get sober [by doing the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Maybe something there will resonate with you .  I will caution you many of us come here claiming to be "functional alcoholics" and with a little time sober 30 60 90 days we see just how dysfunctional we were.  Daily drinking at the levels you describe with responsibility for small ones in the house is pretty scary as I'm sure you realize.  Good luck.  
[removed]
&gt; What do I do? How do I do it?..You wake up you decide not to drink that day and you stick by that until you hit the pillow at night. ..In the beginning it's about rewiring the mechanics of your day to support new habits. As time goes on the nature of being sober changes the challenges change but it does get so much easier...I'll tell you what too. I have two kids 8 and 5 and parenting them is lightyears better not being hungover and not being guilty. I know I'm not a perfect parent by any stretch of the imagination but I can stand in front of them with respect for myself because I know that I'm doing all I can to improve myself and thereby improve their lives as well...&gt; I've tried drinking soda at home but the sweetness overwhelms me after a couple. Water isn't as satisfying for some reason. I've tried various teas but the prep time puts me off. Lately I've been making iced coffee with some success as a replacement but it doesn't always work...You can lick postage stamps for all it matters. Just do anything but drink alcohol and you're well on your way.
I have a little insight not much but I would like to help. I just posted (Check my history it's the last one).  I hope this helps...Edit: I can't link on mobile sorry!
&gt;I've tried various teas but the prep time puts me off..This is very telling...I want it to taste good make me feel better and be available instantly.
I'm a dad with two daughters. I would drink 3-5 beers every night. Some things that got to me. ..The facts: 3-5 beers are far above the limit for healthy consumption. Who knew all those doctors were right. Eventually it started catching up with my health mental and physical. I had a great job but that eventually disappeared. I found myself unhealthy and without a job...The fear: One night it hit me if I had to take my daughters to the emergency room I wouldn't be able to do it unless I drove them drunk. That hurt...How I am doing it right now: I am staying honest staying involved and not picking up a drink. Coming here to connect or vent or ask questions is incredibly motivating. You CAN do this!
If you want to give tea another try you can do what I did and buy a cheap coffee maker at Walmart or something and only use it to heat water. The water is the perfect temperature to steep and drink tea asap plus you can make a whole pot of water so you can just keep 'em coming! Best of luck to you with whatever you choose I hope you find something that works for you.
I also needed to have something to drink and still do! I switched to carbonated water and I swear it made quitting drinking 100x easier. You can add a bit of flavour (juice) and it's not too sweet at all. If you buy cans it can have the same satisfaction of cracking a beer. Seriously try sparkling water!!!
[removed]
For what it's worth my relationship with my son improved dramatically when I quit. And I didn't have to fear the "what if something went wrong in the night and I was clearly drunk" case. ..Try sparkling water. That really satisfied my need for "something to drink" that wasn't water or whatever. Occasionally throw a splash in of some fruit juice. ..As best you can on your schedule finding time with a therapist or a group may be very beneficial to help pick apart the issue and see if there's more there...And a little over a year in the mental sharpness is back. I don't write like it here but usually I'm in relax mode on this sub now. .
Wish you the best. 
