-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p36e4/thank_you_random_lady_at_the_meeting_today/

I had seven months of sobriety behind me. In fact went to a meeting last Thursday 10/8/15 and got my 7-month chip. ..Next day Friday I relapsed. ..It was my first relapse since going to AA and I honestly never thought it would happen. You know when people talk about relapses they usually say they can see it coming? It's like creeping up before you actually relapse? ..No none of that happened to me. I just had a drink and it was so easy. As I was picking up that glass of wine I was watching myself literally thinking "wow this feels normal." ..One glass of wine turned into a bottle turned into a fifth of whiskey turned into 6 days of binge drinking. ..I woke up yesterday and made a conscious decision to not drink. And I didn't. I went to an AA meeting after work instead. ..Walking into that meeting was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Harder than the first time I decided to get sober back in March. I felt ashamed embarrassed because I was just congratulated on my 7 months a week ago. I couldn't introduce myself as a newcomer when they asked. The shame was too much. All in all though it went really well. It was a small meeting and talked about step ten. ..I got home after the meeting and started feeling horrible. Not because I couldn't say I was a "newcomer" but because I couldn't admit it even to myself. A few hours of thinking about it I realized the first thing I ever learned in AA was to be honest to yourself. Be honest about your sobriety. ..Today I went to another meeting. It was a bigger one than I went to yesterday. When they asked for newcomers to introduce themselves I spoke up. The meeting was focused on relapses. How timely. I couldn't help but cry. ..[Then in the middle of the discussion a lady tapped me and handed me three chips.](http://i.imgur.com/DS6czQN.jpg) In the photo the bronze 24-hour was my first 24-hour chip one I got in March 2015. The ones above it are the ones the lady gave me. ..She gave me her first 24-hour chip. She gave me her 1-month chip. And... She gave me her 18-year chip. ..I was floored. I didn't think I could cry as much as I did. I didn't want to disturb the meeting so I looked at her and mouthed thank you and went to the bathroom and cried for a good 5 mins. ..All I wanted to do was go back to the room and hug her and tell the world how awesome she is. When the meeting ended she introduced herself to me and said she wants me to have her first 24-hour chip as my second one. Then said the 1-month is for me to have something to look forward to in 30 days. I asked why she gave me her 18-year one and she said "whenever you feel like you're too young to be an alcoholic and think about picking up that drink just think about this chip and that 18 years ago I decided to get sober. You can do it." ..I don't think I've ever hugged someone so hard. That was literally the sweetest thing and most touching anyone has done for me and it didn't even cost her a penny. ..This is a brand new start for me and I'm going to do my best to make that lady and everyone else in my life proud. My motivation to stay sober is stronger that it's ever been. One day at a time. ..Here's to going on to Day 3. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sober standing up against a wall in a noisy courtyard of a bar. My wife and buddy are sitting next to me drinking and having a conversation.  I'm crying. I want you to know that I'm proud of you and I believe in you.
What an incredible selfless act. I am so glad someone lifted you up when you needed it so much. We are here for you too. Thanks for giving it another shot. :-)
I don't remember cutting any onions... why are my eyes doing this to me? ..But seriously what an awesome story. Congrats on making it back so quickly and how kind of the person in your meeting. 
That's pretty amazing.
&gt; One glass of wine turned into a bottle turned into a fifth of whiskey turned into 6 days of binge drinking...Been there did that.  Awful. I was not as smart as you it took me 7 hellish years to come back.  Then I remembered that there was a way [Baby Steps that I could take to get back on the sober journey.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  So I celebrated 6 years back in August.  I hope you'll be on the journey with us from now on.
That lady may have given you the best restart I have ever heard..after many false starts my most recent relapse ended with my first OVI.  That is going to help me stay soberone day at a time..You can do it. It has been a long time since I had 7 months....so you got that going for you and now your new LIFE begins.
Gosh I'm crying too.  How wonderful of that woman - and I'll bet you're glad you were brave ... and honest at that meeting!
I don't even do AA and I felt the power of that moment. I'm not sure how I feel about god sometimes but I damn well believe in angels. 
[removed]
You can hate AA all you want; you can talk about cults and religions; you can argue powerlessness and statistics....you can do all of those things......This story right here is one of the main reasons why AA saved my life years ago and I continue to go to at least one meeting a week today.
Tears. Whew! I'm proud of you too for having the courage to be honest with yourself and with us. What a great lady. 
Wow totally awesome story  crying here. You found one an angel that walks the earth! 
People helping people that's why I go to AA. So glad she was there for you :)
I've had to pick up more 24 hour chips than I can count. The important thing is you kept coming back. A guy in one of the meetings i go to always says "The doors of AA swing both ways no ones going to stop you from going out and no ones going to tell you 'I told you so' if you come back".
What an amazing story - I have to admit that I teared up just reading it.
*sniff*  way to go getting yourself back to a meeting.  ..Those chips are cool.  I really don't like the idea of sitting in a room with people but those chips...
