-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p363k/coping_strategies_request_nearly_two_weeks_in/

Normally I only want to contribute(positive things) to online communities. I don't feel I have anything to contribute here at the moment but I'm trusting you can handle this one... ..It's clear that if I've been avoiding reality with alcohol then when I stop drinking reality will come back I will have to face it and I won't have the usual support mechanism (no matter how unhealthy it was). .Intellectually I can liken this to the stages of quitting smoking (it's been more than a decade now) so I feel I can keep going with the positive step of staying sober as whatever problems I have drinking will not help. I am hugely grateful to this community for help with that. ..I don't know how to cope and this - when we sober up and it all comes back - is when we need coping skills the most. ..I suppose I'm not asking for advice about avoiding the drinks but how to process the feeling of wasted decades. ...I am exercising daily and trying to practise gratitude. Any other suggestions? ..Good luck everyone. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have been struggling a lot with regrets and the terrible feeling of wasted time as well lately...One thing I have done is realise that I have no control over the past or future only the present. I work doubly hard to make sure whatever I'm focusing on *now* gets my full love and attention. ..I am also blessed with a wonderful daughter and I know that whatever I have been through and whatever bad decisions I made it brought her to me...Lastly  because I could get lost worrying about wasted time  I have started meditating and Buddhist chanting to practice mindfulness. 
Well over 50 so I have a sense of the wasted time I think. I don't know the answer for you. For me it was time--as I spent time not drinking and became sober I found out that I could deal with daily problems as well as pas problems better. I got new emotional muscles. ..Over time I found some empathy and compassion for myself. I'm pretty self-critical so this wasn't easy. But it helped me acknowledge the past and while not forgetting it allowing myself to be different going forward. As for the regrets--I say that I can't change the past. I can only change today. ..Time passing helped me internalize this I think. In the early days I didn't try to figure out my lifelong regrets however. There's time for that in the future. I just focused on not drinking each day and making plans for not drinking. That makes everything else possible including dealing with the past eventually. 
The number one thing is to keep feeling it. You're suppose to feel stress anxiety depression etc. when you are not building your life or getting your work done. That's what gives us motivation. ..What is working for me is to really start working on those parts of my life I had neglected. I took a deep look into my finances and learned what my true status was and took steps to manage it better. I took care of long neglected repairs around the house. I am learning how to do a modern job search and building complementary skills for that. I spend more time with my wife and family. I do exercise but I limit the time each week. Exercise for me can be a major form of procrastination if I let it. Doing all those things helps me not only cope with my reality but also helps me start really changing it for the better.
I got sober at 39 so I think I know of which you speak...It was an interesting point when years sober &gt; years drunk/high..Can't do anything about drunk time except stay sober.  But life is good and that's what counts
We don't always have to be happy online. That is something I've learned. I too like to maintain a positive online presence but when things are going south I like to share because I think that it is helpful for me to ask for help and to seek the wisdom of others...I don't know if I can offer you any great coping mechanisms because they are also individual. So I will tell you what I do. I have a gratitude journal I have a huge list of reasons I have stop drinking that I can refer to any time I get the urge and need help playing the tape forward I also have a list of things I can do instead of drinking. Those range from taking the dogs out for a walk to going on reddit to baking to going to a meeting. Let's just say that list is ridiculously long so that I am NOT able to say no to absolutely everything. That just shows me not willing to try in my opinion...When I'm feeling bad I try to ride the waves of feelings recognizing that they will pass. It is such a cliche but this is what works the best for me. If I see feelings as waves I see that they begin a smaller get bigger and eventually fall.. This might be in one day or a few days or a week or maybe even longer. But typically my bad days using my Tracker app on my phone seem to last about 3 days max and are definitely linked to problems with sleeping and having my period...I like a really simple thing called a mindful meditation. This is when I walk around and all I do is focus on the present. I use my senses and focus on what I see smell hear etcetera. Being in the present moment keeps me from my worries about the future and my regrets about the past...There are also a lot of good books and online resources under self compassion and radical acceptance. Those have helped me out too.
For me the saying "time works miracles" stands true. Through the sadness mourning and disappointment (of more than just lost time) I continue to live my days.  We really have no other way to go but forward right? Living those days with purpose to not repeat the mistakes I am so good at making refocused my energy sometimes slowly. The loss didn't fade but my acceptance of it grew. I really believe that accepting the past living in the now and depositing good energy for my future has really been key for bringing me peace. It doesn't happen over night and I couldn't decide my way into it. I still look back and think "if only I had...". But striving for change on a daily basis even in the smallest ways has given me two things.  I look forward now with excitement. I also see robust days behind me and that gives me satisfaction. That's a job only time can do. Eventually the promise and potential of now and the future was strong enough to swing my focus away from the devastation that lay behind me but I had to take the time to build that promise and potential.  
I can't go back and change the past or make up for lost time so I focus on what I want from my life and what I can do right now to get those things.  Dwelling on the past is a waste of time for me.  I have to move past it because focusing on it and complaining just keeps me in a negative place.  I learned from my past but I move on and forget about it...Over the past few months I have learned that I can make decisions and control my life the best I can. The past is the past; I can't change it and I will not live in it but I can learn from it. The future is the future I can't predict it or make it happen. However I can work for our future but in reality the only thing I have is the present. 
My sponsor keeps instilling that I should be helpful to others. It feels good when I leave my own headspace and I found that helping others (or even just talking to other people about their shit) gets me out of my own head. ..My problems today seem to start when I'm alone and thinking. 
I think many others here already provided you excellent advice but I'll also add in the suggestion to meditate. Or relaxation techniques. I've found this helps me center myself/my thoughts and allows me to be better equipped for stressors as they come. Good luck!
