-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p66ht/anxiety_and_self_destructive_thoughts/

Both of these things plagued me and were becoming worse. I struggle with certain challenges which I won't disclose on this subreddit given its theme but I can say this: the booze exacerbated the anxiety the paranoia and a host of self-destructive thinking. When I am drinking I am stuck in a loop one which is both psychological and physical. It seems inescapable but once you step out of the loop you know that chain of misery can be broken. But it is hard especially if you have done it before and "failed." I am so glad I am out of the loop. My mental well-being was suffering and I was on a fast track to total self-annihilation. 
----------immediate responses--------

I tend to get my thinking stuck in a loop too particularly when I binge. And certainly not any sort of good thinking that's for sure! I'm sorry you went through that but it sounds like you have gotten sober that's good news. It's day 1 for me and I've been reading on here like crazy it's really helping. Thanks for sharing.
This absolutely resonates with me even though our stories and experiences are different. It was really important to me to develop healthy coping mechanisms to deal with anxiety because I used alcohol to covered up for far too long. And of course alcohol made it worse. I found personal therapy helpful as well as exercise and medication...For people who have inner self-talk like the perfectionist or self-talk that puts you down I highly recommend taming your gremlin:..http://www.amazon.com/Taming-Your-Gremlin-Surprisingly-Getting/dp/0060520221
Using my senses to ground me noticing three things I see three things I hear and then three things I feel either emotions or body sensations. I then go down to 2 for things I see here and feel and then one. If that hasn't helped I start again. I find practicing it when I am NOT anxious helps because it is helping regulate my nervous system.
