-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p8r6m/my_decade_of_drinking_is_over/

Today is my 31st actual cake day and I will not drink today. Like many people my story with the sauce began in college. Drinking with friends parties etc. However my Junior year of college I moved into an apartment by myself and started drinking at home alone. I won't bore you with the details but I've been drinking to the point of intoxication almost every night (with the exception of a 4 month period of total sobriety) for the past decade and it stops today. ..Like I mentioned earlier there was a time three years ago where I maintained absolute sobriety for a period of four months. It was the most healing experience I'd ever felt. My depression and anxiety actually decreased in spite of not having my chemical crutch anymore. Of course this makes complete sense because alcohol is a depressant and causes inflammation in the brain which is a major cause of depression. After having been sober for 4 months I relapsed hard after drinking during a vacation. ..I finally told some people close to me IRL that I had a problem and asked them for their support. I've never told anyone outside of the internet about my problem until now. I'm finally serious about getting sober for good but I still have reservations about attending meetings. I am going to try to find a secular meeting where I live but they are pretty few and far between it looks like. ..Finally I'd like to say thank you to this community. It's been great reading the threads and seeing people's successes. Just knowing there are people out there that have been sober for years and years is a great motivator. I'm mostly a lurker but I will try to contribute as much as I can. ..TL;DR  It's my 31st birthday I've been abusing alcohol for a decade and it stops today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy sober birthday! Let us know if we can help in any way. 
Happy birthday and congrats for taking this step !..Same age and pretty much the same story here...Good luck on your sobriety !..
Happy 1st SOBER Birthday!  The [Baby Steps helped me find my way to my 7th in a row](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) last month.
Happy birthday! I can't imagine how awesome being sober in your thirties is going to look like. Actually I can imagine. You already noticed things that went better when you were sober before. It might be helpful to remember this if you're going through a difficult time. I too had decreased anxiety and depression in sobriety. It didn't go away completely but it was way more manageable. &amp; I had built up supports to deal with them when it came out. Way to go!
Happy 31! I also chose to stop this year although slightly after my 31st birthday. SD is a great community welcome!
Happy Birthday! Sobriety is a wonderful gift to give yourself. Welcome.  
Happy birthday! What an awesome gift to give yourself. :)
I should have done that at 31!!  I didn't and I wish I had. So good for you!!...Keep us posted.
Thank you for posting and happy birthday! Let me know if you need any support today I decided to stop too :) 
Thanks everybody it's great to hear from you veterans and newbies alike. I've spent the day doing chores and reading Refuge Recovery which is a Buddhist-based recovery program. It looks like they even have meetings in my city so I am going to make it a point to attend those this week. Thanks again for the support and you might even see me around here a bit more. 
Happy Birthday. I had a hard time finding a secular meeting so I just ended up using online forums and chats. It seems to be working :) I suggest this group's IRC which might have been given below but is [here](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/). The other thing that really helped me or helps me so far is trying to just not drink for that hour or this half hour or this day. When I think big picture I get scared and start to freak so it's easier for me to break it down. Sometimes I even do minutes... but it works. The easy part was deciding to stop - now it's harder than before. Good luck and if you ever need to chat let me know. I've been a heavy drinker for a decade too (I'm 31 also). Good luck... chin up!
Seriously consider meetings despite your objections of perchieved religious nature. They are what you make of them not any preconcieved notion you may have.
Happy sober birthday! I recently had my first sober birthday as well in ten years this past summer. I don't attend meetings either but I do lurk on here often. Just reading similar experiences is very helpful to me. And at times I post. 
Congrats on this big decision. You will not regret it. 
