-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pbs52/the_end_of_my_addiction_by_olivier_ameisen_md/

Did anyone read this book ? It was quite an interesting read although I'm quite skeptical about the efficiency of Baclofen for having tried it myself a while back; maybe the dosage was too low though...Here is the synopsis:..> "After years of battling uncontrollable addiction I have achieved the supposedly impossible: complete freedom from craving.". .> Dr. Olivier Ameisen was a brilliant cardiologist on the staff at one of America's top teaching hospitals and running his own successful practice when he developed a profound addiction to alcohol. He broke bones with no memory of falling; he nearly lost his kidneys; he almost died from massive seizures during acute withdrawal. He gave up his flourishing practice and fearing for his life immersed himself in Alcoholics Anonymous rehab therapy and a variety of medications. Nothing worked.. .>So he did the only thing he could: he took his treatment into his own hands. Searching for a cure for his deadly disease he happened upon baclofen a muscle relaxant that had been used safely for years as a treatment for various types of muscle spasticity but had more recently shown promising results in studies with laboratory animals addicted to a wide variety of substances. Dr. Ameisen prescribed himself the drug and experimented with increasingly higher dosages until he finally reached a level high enough to leave him free of any craving for alcohol. That was more than five years ago.. .>Alcoholism claims three hundred lives per day in the United States alone; one in four U.S. deaths is attributable to alcohol tobacco or illegal drugs. Baclofen as prescribed under a doctor's care could possibly free many addicts from tragic and debilitating illness. But as long as the medical and research establishments continue to ignore a cure for one of the most deadly diseases in the world we won't be able to understand baclofen's full addiction-treatment potential.. .> The End of My Addiction is both a memoir of Dr. Ameisen's own struggle and a groundbreaking call to action an urgent plea for research that can rescue millions from the scourge of addiction and spare their loved ones the collateral damage of the disease...http://www.amazon.com/End-Addiction-Olivier-Ameisen-M-D-ebook/dp/B0057A90G8
----------immediate responses--------

Interesting. I'm all for medical intervention to make it easier. ..I take Campral as one of the many 'tools' in my 'sobriety toobox' and am pretty happy with it. I haven't had a physical craving for alcohol pretty much since I stopped drinking. Mental/emotional/boredom on the other hand well that's what I have SD/aa/na for. ..Thanks for sharing! 
I love reading about addiction in fellow medical professionals. Will def save this. Thanks!
Another silver bullet and I do not doubt that the drug may help initially however I wonder how it deals with what were the root causes of my alcoholism (roots I seem to share with many others)...I drank for the effect which was to make me feel better to feel less to escape the fears to quiet the inner voice that told me I was not enough and the isolation.  This was not a craving so much as an inner vacuum which needed to be filled...For a while alcohol helped with the symptoms or seemed to but the reality was it made things worse - if only to give my poor self esteem a list of proofs of my inadequacy - but there was more...One of the obstacles we face in recovery is to not allow another addiction to take the place of the one we are in recovery from - and some of these may seem beneficial exercise or work.  Unfortunately we take them to extremes and continue the isolation and other addictive behaviors.  ..Other behaviors/substances  are less so - gambling relationships eating spending gaming  - the easy example is quitting drinking and taking up heroin would be considered an improvement by very few (excepting heroin dealers)  the same for moving to Las Vegas and living under a bridge so as to have money to gamble...To my thinking the end to addiction lies in a fundamental change in our self and perception thereof.  If this pill can help get us there great but it (and no one thing) is the answer - ....
This person is using a high dosage of a muscle relaxant to "cure" his alcoholism. I have other addictions too. I have no doubt that if I took enough Xanax I wouldn't crave alcohol. I don't consider this a cure. You're not supposed to drive or operate heavy machinery on baclofen. It makes you dopey and muddles your thinking. I am always extremely skeptical of "cures" like this.
