-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pc14a/went_to_the_mall_to_buy_some_liquor_bought/

Long time lurker. Created an account to have a flair with a counter and to share my yesterdays story...I've always jokingly called myself a  functional alcoholic . I've never looked at it as a problem or had any consequences to my drinking so I've never thought of it as a big deal. But this year I noticed I just couldn't go through a single day without a drink. I had to admit that I had addiction. I stopped and relapsed couple of times this year. Longest without drinking was 40 days in April. But in last couple of months I have been drinking daily again...So last week I decided to stop drinking again - it was especially hard because it was in the middle of a very stressful week. I've made through Friday and Saturday. Hanged out with my friends and didn't have a single drink. I was really happy and surprised that none of my friends where pressuring me to drinking at all...Anyway  Sunday came and I started to plan my next week and I realized the mountain of work and stressful interactions I would have to deal with next week. I started to feel very anxious and started to think about drinking. I drove to the mall but before entering the liquor store I walked around a bit because it sometimes helps with the urges and I sometimes leave. This time I didn't feel like I would get off that easy. Thoughts of next week just kept me wanting for a drink more and more. Then I walked passed this musical instrument store and walked inside just to look around. I don't play any instruments but I've always been curious to learn playing a guitar. There where some cheap ones on a sale and for a second I thought about buying one but thinking about how much work I have to do for next months I thought I would not any time for it. This made me event more anxious...So I left the musical instrument store and went straight to the liquor store. I stood in front of the shelves deciding what will be my poison for the night. I never had such a big hesitation to pick up a bottle. I think I stood there for over 15 minutes thinking more about the guitar than which drink to pick. So after a while I thought   FUCK IT!  - went back to the instrument store and bought a guitar instead. Went home and didn't notice how quick the time went while practicing. I think I've found a good alternative to drinking...TL;DR; Went to the mall to buy some liquor - bought a guitar instead.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
This is big time! Filling your time with a new hobby or picking up an old one is one of the best things someone can do especially in early sobriety. ..[Here's what I do with my free time.]( http://imgur.com/HskEYu3) (NSFW? Possibly?) (No I'm not the person in the picture but I did take the picture  )
That's amazing man! I've been playing for fifteen years and it's a wonderful instrument never seizing to challenge and inspire. I hope you enjoy it and learn some face melting riffs/solos. 
Great; I'm glad you're here.  So at [this link is the Baby Steps--where I started stopping](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and as another sobernaut who learned to play guitar at the age of 31 when I first started my 3 decade journey to sobriety--I wish you all the best!  My suggestion: don't drink and get a good guitar teacher from the outset.
Sounds like a great decision. That guitar will pay for itself in no time!
[deleted]
Go to Justin Guitar great free online guitar lessons!..http://www.justinguitar.com..Enjoy :)
[deleted]
Those are the fucks that count!!..Congrats!!.
Nice choice. I have to laugh about those thoughts about not having time for guitar - I have them too about hobbies - because drinking hard robs of us so much more time than that. At least the guitar doesn't give you a wicked hangover. It only takes the time you spend on it. Resisting cravings gets a lot easier as the weeks pass hang in there.
Wow congratulations on beating the urge and finding something really cool to do! Those urges always pass if you let them.
Woot!!
I play tabla addictions are beer and weed.  Strategically place that instrument where you will be able to see it everyday.  All the things you have to do next month will mount continuously until the next month arrives.  ..Celebrate that victory and learn a song to play on the guitar.  You can improvise that tune from now until the next century.  It could be so much fun to get lost in.
Hobbies are a great way to pass the time Something else you may look into is going to AA. Not drinking isn't really enough and alcohol is just a symptom of your disease. 
Awesome!! Way better investment!
this series is great for new guitar players..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJDUHq2mJx0
How did you stay stopped through those 40 days? ..
Great share! I also picked up the guitar when I put down the bottle. I had never played before so it was completely new for me. I love it. I play "GuitarSmith" on my PC which allows me to plug my guitar into my PC and learn to play a bunch of songs. It starts off easy and builds up as you learn to play. It's a lot of fun. .On the SD side of things well done for choosing the guitar over the booze. It sounds like you've got a lot going on so believe me drinking would absolutely not help you with that which is causing you anxiety. It would only server to make it worse. Being hungover and going into an important meeting never ends well. Ever!.Good luck and please keep us posted. I wish you the best.
Excellent! Happy to hear this!
Great stuff. I have rediscovered my inner nerd and am experimenting with electronics and a raspberry pi.
In addition to my previous website recommendation I am a conservatoire trained jazz guitarist and have also worked extensively as a rock session guitarist. Stay sober and feel free to ask me any questions about guitar music etc. Just PM I check in to reddit regularly. 
That's like a textbook example of a Good Decision. I can just imagine the anxiety over being a performer being vulnerable and learning a new skill battling it out with the "Do the same old shit" temptation. Congrats on five days!
First of all a big CONGRATS for both not drinking and buying your first guitar. I'm currently listening to hubby practice his. ..Just think of all the extra money you'll have to buy gear now!  If you really get into playing you'll need it :-). My hubby teaches rock guitar particularly 80's metal. If you're interested I could probably hook a sober buddy up. ..Again congrats on finding an outlet. 
Yaaay woot! Good for you. Music is truly some of the best medicine out there. ..You may have just inspired me to pick up my own guitar. I haven't played in almost six years but I'll try tonight in honour of your new discovery.
