-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pjcqa/i_think_i_am_afraid_to_be_happy_and_i_am/

Hi forum!..I am feeling a lot better than I was a few weeks ago when I posted about relapsing. Thanks so much for all the kind and helpful responses!  ..So I'm feeling better and I've started to realize something. Also I was reading someone else's post on here just now and it reminded me of this problem that I'm only just now realizing...So I've been feeling very awful overall for the last 14 months but in the last two days I've started feeling something.  Sometimes I get this feeling that I think is a lot of happiness.  But then I get scared and I quickly find something to be anxious about.  ..Up until yesterday I was just always sad and angry and afraid and pissed off and anxious and grieving and panicked. But some of those feelings - though all still very much hear have begun to ease up a bit.  So yesterday I had a few moments where I think I felt happy. But then I felt suddenly and inexplicably anxious and I found something to be upset about. Either I picked a random thing to be anxious about in the future or a random thing from my past to be mad about or a random bad thing that happened that made me sad.  I can tell I'm picking these things too; they are not just flooding into my brain like things do a lot of times. I am actively switching my thinking to something without intention but it is an active switch...I think I am scared to be happy. I equate happiness with complacency so if I get happy then I will not be ready for the next bad thing to happen. (My therapists say this is a common symptom of PTSD but I don't know if this is just a trauma thing and also knowing this doesn't help me stop it and go back to happy.)  ..Also I am worried that I will relapse if I get happy because if I get happy then I will notice it a lot more when I get sad again or angry again or anxious again. As long as I stay miserable I don't notice any drop in mood - I just stay down.  But if I get up and happy then I will notice when I drop to sadness and that fall from happy to sad will be so crushing I might relapse.  It's like as long as I stay down I can't notice when I fall right? Then again I never get up .But if I get happy and then fall to sadness that drop is going to push me over the edge and I'll relapse I think...I think it's also why I procrastinate. Now I don't do anything so I won't get sad if I get lazy or unmotivated sometimes because I always just do nothing. But if I start to do my life and then I fail then I may relapse because I was once doing things but then failed and it was terrible. Again a drop down would be crushing. So better never rise. ..So I guess I better stay sad and miserable and not doing anything.  Except that doesn't seem like a healthy perspective for some reason.  ..I don't know does anyone relate?  Has anything helped people who have had this problem? Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

I completely relate to this. I've always fought tooth and nail against change because there is so much more to lose when things are good or getting better. It's easier to self sabotage because at least you know what to expect. I've been finding comfort in giving up trying to control what I feel and accepting those feelings without judgement. Present moment awareness. 
my experience my perspective is that a flawed cracked warped self esteem was at the core of my isms which also included a compulsion to be liked and when that did not happen to my satisfaction I withdrew.  The self medication of drugs alcohol inappropriate relationships work anger was all an attempt to fill the black hole inside me (an analogy I heard at an AA meeting that I have adopted)..In any case my recovery involved getting out of what was an emotionally abusive relationship though she would characterize it differently I am sure.  It involved re inventing myself and allowing myself happiness but it took time.  It took learning balance  it took not being right all the time...edit kudos for a brave post..results may vary
Yes the few cravings I've had since quitting have been when I'm upbeat about spmething.  Your comments in general were very helpful regarding things I've been thinking lately. Thank you.
I found that I have lived in a state of chaos for so many years that I was very uncomfortable with peace and calm and happiness. There was always another shoe to drop. Life was always ready to deal me a backhand and when it didn't come along I'd end up doing it to myself. *Ha! Take that!* And I felt better in a sadistic sort of way because I was back where I was comfortable and familiar... with everything completely out of control. ..Through multiple attempts at sobriety I got more used to "happy" and "content". It felt weird and it made me squirmy but eventually I came to appreciate it and to miss it when it was gone. It takes time. The best things take time IMO. Stick with your plan squirm when you're uncomfy and come visit your friends here. There are really great things on the other side. 
