-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pkqx9/climbing_back_on_the_wagon_after_yet_another/

I fell off a few weeks ago (flair is wrong I'm only 3 days sober).  I had made it 2 weeks and was just getting over the worst of withdrawal and then...my wife tells me my mother-in-law is coming to stay with us in our tiny one bedroom apartment...for three months.   I just couldn't do it.  I was already feeling down worn out from the depersonalization I always experience during withdrawal around the second week and then when I learned that I'll be sleeping on the living room floor for three months (mom is old so she will need the bed) I said damn it all and I went for a drink.  Or ten. For a few days running as usual...Anyway really pissed at myself because I had made it pretty far and was starting to feel a little better even beginning to sleep some.  And after every relapse the hangovers are worse and the relief from having a drink is less.  Now the withdrawal is worse than last time.  I itch all over and am sweating uncontrollably all day long my head hurts and the dreams are brutal.  Back to square one yet again...Something I haven't really seen much about in r/stopdrinking or r/alcoholism is the psychological effects not only from direct withdrawal but also from the realization that yup I done ruined my body and health good during ten years of alcoholism.  My knees hurt now my liver aches back pain ...so much irreparable damage that I didn't feel (all the time) while I was drinking.  I feel like alcohol was the oil in the machine for me and when I'm sober I just feel like a depressed creaky old man.  ..It is of course futile to return to drinking - I desperately want to stop so at least I don't widow my wife if nothing else - but I never realized how bad it would be coming back to sobriety.  Everyone is all puppy dogs and ice cream about their new sober lives but to me just facing that reality was depressing as all heck and literally painful on top of it all...Anyway sorry for the rant; am going to pick myself up and try sobriety yet again.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! Fall down 8 times get up 9. The knees and back may hurt but stay sober and you will never feel a hangover or an embarrassed anxiety-ridden morning again. Let's do this!
[removed]
don't sweat it man. you only need to worry about THIS MOMENT! just like me. 50 days or 50 minutes this moment is the only thing there ever is.
You are absolutely right about the body falling apart signs that somehow didn't exist when we were drinking. I think they probably were there but we just didn't realize it. Now I feel like an old woman at 38.
Glad to hear you got three days under your belt.  Sometimes a physician can help with your withdrawal symptoms. My sober life hasn't been puppy dogs and ice cream but I like it better. I definitely feel better..Hang in there!
[removed]
I got sober. I found out I had early liver disease. Then I got brutal headaches which have turned out to be idiopathic cranial hypertension. I'm waiting for a brain scan to check for a brain tumour &amp; having a lumbar puncture to relieve the pressure on my brain. This all happened since I got sober - yknow why? Because I didn't give enough of a shit about myself when drinking to look after myself properly. It is hard going through this stuff but it's only getting better. Each day I don't drink my liver improves a little. Sobriety has given me that physical awareness of headaches that weren't 'just another hangover'. Hopefully at the end of all this I'll be healthy again - what a gift! It's hard facing up to this stuff sober as drinking kept me hidden behind a shield of immaturity so all this adulting is new to me! However each day I don't drink is an opportunity to heal a little more. I take milk thistle vitamin B and vitamin D daily to help repair my liver. It definitely isn't all puppy dogs &amp; ice cream but it's better than drinking. You can do this. I'm not drinking today and if you do the same that's 24 hours of healing right there X 
Good job coming back. I would make it about ten days and relapse. Eventually I had to re-evaluate my approach. 
Why is she coming to stay with you for THREE months???
