-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pmair/one_year/

What a year it's been! A year ago I was absolutely miserable. I didn't want to keep drinking anymore but I couldn't imagine not drinking either. I walked into an AA meeting the following day and never looked back...In the past year I graduated from law school took two bar exams in July (still waiting on the results!) moved to a new city and started my first post-grad school job. I finished the 12 Steps. I've lost over 20 pounds and I'm at my lowest weight (a healthy weight!) in 15 years...The past year has been challenging with a lot of life changes and stressful situations but I never needed to drink over it. I never wanted to drink over it. I've had so much fun and met so many amazing sober people who are now my friends. I always thought that I was "living" while I was bar hopping with "friends" and it may have been fun at times but I can truly say that sober living is above and beyond my years in the bottle. ..If you're new or struggling you can do it. A year ago I was obsessed with alcohol and couldn't imagine going a day without a drink. Always wondering how much was home in the fridge did I need to stop to get more how much money is in my account is there going to be alcohol at this or that social event? If not do I have time to pregame? Postgame? EXHAUSTING! I know how it feels. I don't obsess about alcohol anymore. It does get better. Find something that works for you whether it be AA SMART or some other resource anyone else has mentioned in these forums and give it a shot...Happy Wednesday!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! You sound like you're on the right path.
Congrats on 1 year!  :). Cant wait to see what thats like.  Good for you and am very proud of you.
Congrats on your year. I remember a this so well..&gt;Always wondering how much was home in the fridge did I need to stop to get more how much money is in my account is there going to be alcohol at this or that social event? If not do I have time to pregame? Postgame? EXHAUSTING! I know how it feels...I'm glad a that is over for me too.  Well done \o/
Thank you so much for this post! I've noticed that there is such a difference in posts between those just beginning the journey and those that have a year such as yourself. I can really see the benefits of sobriety in other people such as yourself. Congratulations on all of your successes including one year!
Congrats on 365 sober days! ..&gt;I didn't want to keep drinking anymore but I couldn't imagine not drinking either. ..I remember when this was utterly unimaginable too and can relate to how exhausting my previous existence was!
Wow I'm totally excited for you.  Give me a moment and I will add you to r/dinos.
Awesome! Congratulations! Definitely motivates me!
Hell yeah! Here's to many more.
Congratulations! I have been in the rooms for almost four years but will have only a year coming up this weekend. So I know this is a big deal! Great work!
Great congrats
A year is a huge milestone. Congrats!
I'm so happy for you! ..UGH drinking used to be a second job. With all the planning and hiding and need to constantly have enough in your body and your house to feel "normal" - we had no idea what normal was. I'm discovering what normal can mean a little every day. ..Congrats again. This is so huge. And thank you for sharing your story!
Congratulations! What a great message! It was shares like this that gave me hope that it was going to get better and gave me strength that it can be done...It is shares like this today that keep me focused and keep me grounded. There is that old phrase "getting right-sized". When people share their experiences I continually am reminded how we are all alike and how no matter how many days I have I can stay sober today if I do what everyone does...Thanks! and Congrats!
Congratulations sounds like you have had an awesome year!
Wonderful Post! Thank You!!!!! And Congratulations!!!!
Wow! Gratz I'm looking fwd to getting there myself
Atta go /u/invictus15 !
Congrats on 1 year!!!! Happy Wednesday!
Happy Wednesday indeed! YOU WIN!!!
Congrats i just celebrated a year too!
So many congratulations! ..Previously I had made it to 7 months and mucked it all up on my birthday. ..The obsessing part of this really got to me. The last two months I've been constantly wondering "is it enough to get me drunk though?" it is mentally and physically exhausting...Stories like this in my very beginning stages of getting back on the wagon help so much. ..Thank you! 
Congrats! Big milestone! best of luck with the new job. :)
[deleted]
Congrats on a year! Sounds like God has been on your side. What you have now sounds awesome.
Congrats! How did you do it?
Going from bar hopping to taking bar exams. Congrats!!
Hey thanks for sharing! I got my year a few months ago and you're right it feelsgoodman. Congrats!! 
That's what i like to hear. Good for you!
I started seeking professional help for my drinking about a week ago and its definitely been scary to finally let go.  Thanks for sharing your year with me/us.  Nice to hear there's some light
Congrats man! Almost there myself. 
Congrats!
Great job!  You are a true inspiration.
