-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ppap4/so_tempted_to_relapse/

Shitty day at work. Got into a yelling match with a driver that almost clipped my bike on the way home. Depressed af at the idea of swallowing my dinner and getting into bed. The loneliness is what is gnawing at me most. I just want to scream/cry. I know I can make it through today but this is exactly the reason I like to drink. All of this would go away as soon as I got those first couple of beers down...I realize i'm whining and feeling sorry for myself. Its just I just lost my coping mechanism and I don't know what to do with these emotions...Edit: I'm OK now. I posted from outside the grocery store. This store in particular is super schmancy with a piano bar and a gym downstairs. I went in to shop for my dinner and basically wandered aimlessly through the aisles getting my bearings. Strangely enough at that point I wasn't tempted to buy a bottle or six pack. I looked at all the couples and people still in their workout clothes some walking around with a glass of wine or beer from the piano bar a little jealous but more fixated on the fact that I want to be like them feeling healthy and sane and I know the only way is to forge onward with sobriety...I am so grateful to you guys for your support as always. Every day so far I have made a post and you all have been so much more supportive and understanding than anyone in my life. I love you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I know I can make it through today..I tell myself this every day. I know I can always drink tomorrow but I don't concern myself with that today...Is there someone you can call at times like this? A recovery fellowship can be lifesaving in these moments.
Hang in there. It's hard at first but remember that alcohol won't fix any of your problems. In fact it tends to make them worse...You're four days in so your mental state might be a little messed up from withdrawal too (I know I was pretty depressed the first week). Just hang in there - you're doing the right thing for yourself!..You say you bike home - maybe go for a really long bike ride tonight. Tire yourself out. I jogged a lot when I first stopped and that helped me...Like you said you've had a coping mechanism for a long time and you have to readjust now. Just know that it's worth it and there 31304 people in this sub who are pulling for you!
I'm sorry you are struggling. It may not be much comfort but this is normal for being sober four days. I felt overwhelmed by emotions in early sobriety and lonely too. Having a therapist helped me learn sober coping tools as did a support group. Learning to "sink" into feelings instead of running from them took time and guidance. .. Often I went to a meeting just to be with people but special people who understood what I was going through. They gave me hope. ..Posting your feelings took courage. Hope you find the support you need and deserve.
I've been there. My first week was unbearable. I forced myself to go to sleep because I did not want to deal with this sober reality. I had all these new emotions and feelings. Mostly pain anxiety and fear. I ended up seeing a psychiatrist to get myself sorted. It helped a great deal. It is also incredibly hard to do it alone. AA was really helpful for me in the beginning even though I am not religious. I don't associate with AA any more but it was a lifesaver in early sobriety. Good luck and take it a day at a time. Message me anytime if you want to talk.  
I recently realized something from watching "Bridge of Spies" last week...There's the recurring line from the Soviet "spy" in talking with his lawyer like this:..Lawyer: "Mr Spy Here's some Very Bad News about your case."..Spy: "...OK."..Lawyer: "You don't seem very upset Mr Spy."..Spy: "Would it help?"..-*/*-*/*-..Reality: "Here's some really fucked shit for your life."..Better Me: "... Ok."..Reality: "You don't seem to be drinking over this."..Better Me: "Would it help?"
[deleted]
Alcohol improved exactly zero bad situations in my life. ..AlthoughI totally relate to the fright of bike commuting.  
[deleted]
Congrats on making it through the day sober. But I echo what other folks are saying about finding some fellowship. You don't have to do this alone. ..On a lighter note.....I have a lot of questions about what kind of grocery store has a piano bar.
First of all... where do you live!? ..Second you'll just feel like shit and wish you didn't drink tomorrow if you did. Well done resisting the temptation!
I have a hard time motivating myself to run some days but I always have a shit eating grin when I'm done.  It takes work to get a buzz but it lasts all day.  There is nothing about my day that will be harder than a 6 mile run (early on a mile run) if I knock it out first thing in the morning the rest of the day is coasting downhill.
You wrote that you lost your coping mechanisms but something help you get through this. I really invite you to figure out what this was. Determination? Reaching out here? Playing the tape forward? Distraction? Something worked. And that something is to be proud of. I often feel like I have lost all of my coping mechanisms and I just have to reflect that I didn't drink I didn't off myself anxiety didn't kill me etc. Something helps me cope even though I felt like total crap. Identifying those little things whether it was posting on here or talking to my spouse or journaling or talking to myself or giving myself something nutritional to eat or going to bed at 6 o'clock helped me when I was losing my sanity...Edited to add cycling story. I am so sorry about your nearness. Those are terrifying. I was smoked on my bike by a driver who didn't shoulder check right. I hope this isn't triggering to anyone but I think it's a funny story. I'll remove it if it's inappropriate. I was taken to the hospital and everything was fine but they did give me some great pain pills. So in front of my lovely husband I made embarrassing comments like " there's a hot doctor touching my leg!" He was a hot doctor and he was touching my leg which is where I was injured. But pain pills facilitated me saying that out loud which I think was awkward for everyone.
I like what you said the only way to be like them is sobriety. I can't just sit with an occasional glass of wine. I'm just unable to drink in moderation.
