-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3proy2/relapse_on_work_trip/

By not checking in here and not telling my close colleagues I set myself up for failure on this work trip. In hindsight I was hoping for an excuse to drink and this trip was it. I am very embarrassed and unhappy with myself right now. Next time I will check in here and in real life before my mind starts to go down that path. Day 1 again today. Thanks for your support.
----------immediate responses--------

The dreaded "work trip". Kudos on holding yourself accountable. I travel every week for work. Here are a few of my strategies:..* Minimize airport time. This may mean missing a flight or two - but the airport bars are like sirens. It's better to be rushing past them to catch a flight..* Call the hotel ahead of time and have them remove the liquor from the minibar. .* I have two phones. One for work and one for family/AA/friends. The work one is silenced after 8PM. Seeing the "come out and get wrecked with us" texts the next morning makes me smile..* My wallet goes right into the room safe with my AA chip on top of it as soon as I walk into the room..* On longer flights I make sure to let the cabin crew know I do not drink alcohol as soon as they offer me champagne..* For business dinners I ask the waiter to remove my wine glass as soon as possible and I order the largest bottle of sparkling water they have just for me..* When I'm feeling particularly squirrely before a trip I have a prescription for Antabuse for this exact reason...I have a list of folks I can call who know my history and know my life. They know that one beer at a hotel bar will lead to an empty minibar a trip to the nearest liquor store to get a handle and then u/threetimesaround is MIA in some random city for days. Clients call my bosses wondering where I am. My family can't find me. It's not pretty..It's good to have a plan.  
[removed]
Good for you getting back here so soon. One day at a time!
[removed]
I just did this myself. Took a month's vacation and totally planned to drink while I was there despite the fact that I had 50 days sober beforehand and loved every minute of that. But apparently I didn't love it enough because I gave in to my weakness. Had to reset my badge twice in the last week. So I get where you're coming from-especially the negative feelings. Let's make a pledge to value our sobriety and stay the course. Right there with you!
Man. I have turned down so many things work related because of this reason. I've basically.... distanced myself from my co-workers unintentionally because I don't feel like I have the strength to say no. ..I also don't know my co-workers all that well as a result so I feel deeply uncomfortable telling them...I don't want to call out sick and then have my boss assume I'm out sick with a hangover. ..It's a delicate place to put yourself in. ..Are you close enough with your coworkers to tell them about your problems so maybe next time this won't happen? ..I think most people here have relapsed at least once as long as you're back on your feet that's all that truly matters. ..Best of luck! 
&gt; I set myself up for failure on this work trip...I have done this many times...&gt;  I am very embarrassed and unhappy with myself right now. ..I've been there.  Many times...Be honest.  Don't give up.  Ask for help.
