-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ptbnn/i_cant_because/

My therapist is pretty awesome. It's been a really tough year and she's helping me work through a lot of stuff (pregnant alcoholic husband relapsing financial shit quitting drinking myself). She gave me a tool that I've been using a lot in the last few weeks and I thought that I'd pass it on to y'all. ..Take a sheet of paper. Fold it down the middle. At the top of the left half write "I can't because..." and on the top of the right half write "I can if/when..."..When I was drinking I had nothing but material under the "I can't because..." column. I can't quit drinking because: ..- My husband still drinks.- What would I do for fun?.- How would I go to concerts restaurants movies parties bowling bars?.- I don't have any support from my husband or alcoholic extended family.- I'm scared.- How would I cope with the rigors or daily life?.- I don't really know anything else.- I just like the taste okay?.- I'm worried I can't have fun without it..On and on and on. I was very much in the grip of a whole lot of "I can't." Well long story short I've realized that the only time you can't is when you're dead. One by one I either pushed past these fears or they fell away. And most of the fears took off their masks and revealed themselves for what they were: excuses. ..Filling out the second column was hard but possible. ..I can't because I don't have my husband's support? Well asking an alcoholic to support you in quitting drinking is like asking a man with a broken back to get up and turn the lights on. I CAN if/when I realize that it's time to be my own support. I can't because I have no coping mechanisms? I CAN if/when I find a therapist who will help me develop these life skills. I can't because I have no idea what sober people do? I CAN if/when I experience some fun events sober and start to realize that anything you can do with a drink in your hand you can do without a drink in your hand and then some. ..It was so easy for me to fall under the power of "I can't." But you don't make progress if you can't yourself out of the running. For me it boiled to wanting to quit drinking more than wanting to feel comfortable/"safe"/unafraid. Just a tool that I found very valuable. I hope someone out there sees the merit in it! Good luck to all of you stay SD strong!
----------immediate responses--------

Holy cow what a great post! I love the message I love the tool and I love the way you wrote it. Looking forward to applying this to other areas of my life as well. Thank you!
That's great!  I'm totally going to use this to look at my block around making a change in my work life.
Thanks for sharing this too. I'm going to give it a try!
Therapists are kickass and so is this post!
Really like this post. Great tool. Easy way of displaying that everything is a choice. 
I always had some sort of excuse why I "couldn't" give up alcohol this is the sort of list I'd make in my head in January whilst wondering if there was a month that I could go without alcohol in to "prove" I wasn't an alcoholic. Of course I never did that month (Or week or day for that matter) until the day I decided that NOW was the time to stop. I just wanted an excuse to carry on drinking....I can't quit in January because: birthdays plus it's cold and I'm going to be hungover (all month)..I can't quit in February because: Valentines Day..I can't quit in March because: work trip and bank holiday weekends..I can't quit in April because: birthdays..I can't quit in May because: birthdays and bank holiday weekends..I can't quit in June because: summer holiday..I can't quit in July because: it's still summer..I can't quit in August because: still Summer ..I can't quit in September because: maybe I'll get a holiday in before the end of summer..I can't quit in October because: Halloween..I can't quit in November because: Bonfire night and parties...I can't quit in December because: parties and Christmas and New Years.
&gt;Whether you think you can or you think you can't you're right..Henry Ford
[deleted]
Thanks for posting this - great idea!
