-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pyhvt/how_do_i_stop_romanticizing_past_alcoholic_benders/

I'm struggling to put a week of sobriety together.  I've been at a week about 3 times now.  I believe I have pinpointed a problem; I keep romanticizing my past alcoholic exploits.  Now understand that I drink alone.  I come home slam a few shots then drink beers until I pass out at 3am.  For some reason I feel like this makes things interesting and makes time pass pleasurably.  Never mind the fact that when I am sober I actually accomplish about 10x more AND get up the next day ready to meet the day...But a part of me a significant part is still seeking those hazy nights in front of the computer or TV...I am having a hard time with this.
----------immediate responses--------

Life is much better when you don't have that haze you can think clearly and you just don't need it to enjoy things just keep doing things that you enjoy and understand you don't need alcohol to do them. Find more interesting things to do that don't require alcohol to pass the time and require a clear mind you need to enjoy the time you have and don't waste it remember everything and every minute counts.
I have those same thoughts sometimes - it's my addict brain doing what it does best ; painting over the logic cracks. For every one time I drank and enjoyed it there were a hundred times I didn't. What I've come to realise *Finally* is that relaxed and contented feeling I was chasing can only be felt (and a million times stronger) sober. ..I've read on SD many times about playing the tape forward and it's the one thing I have gotten so much better at.  No  I won't have a few vodkas and get fuzzy and warm and funny and happy... I'll get fuzzy warm funny happy aggressive sad cry  guilty panicky desperate  offensive maybe even arrested....that movie sucks! 
Thanks for your post. I have been their and so have many others. Just speaking  for me I think about how I'm going to feel the next morning and how the next day is going to go. From all of my past experiences it's always the same. I feel like crap. It also helps that I really like being sober at night. I read a lot then get a great nights sleep.  No more hangovers. Good luck and stick around. 
I'm getting similar feelings at times. So far I've just thought to myself *I'm addicted to alcohol of course I feel  I miss it.* This has made the urge seem less intense for me.
I've said this before..and it is still true.  The fact is I stopped feeling like shit about my NEW life when I actually changed my life...Old life: Booze. Places that had booze. Ways to obtain enough (NEVER enough but I tried) booze. Friends who drank booze. Hangovers. Guilt. Shame. Wild nights where I thought I was having fun and mornings where I either didn't remember or was horrified by what I did while drunk. All friends who drank to one degree or another. Constant plans where alcohol was somewhere involved...Quit drinking: Hated my life...because I didn't have one anymore. I had broken up with my best friend (alcohol) and suddenly my world was at an end...PLUS I had a whole bunch of cleaning up to do because I had damaged many things when I was drinking mainly relationships with family and other loved ones...Accepted old life was gone...and built a new one..Went to recovery meetings therapy rebuilt relationships with family and the friends who stuck around without the "Drinking Mouse" being required...started hosting alcohol-free card game nights and parties in my house..built a brand new social network..Worked on myself. Lots of ugly ugly stuff needed dug out and aired in order to heal...Stopped feeling like shit....for the most part. There are still shitty days...difficult times and life doesn't give me sunshine glitter and unicorns just because I'm sober now but I've come a LONG way..It took work. It was worth it. If I can do it anyone can do it.
Lately I'm coming to a big revelation that aside from the high the addict brain is seeking far greater is what I'm trying to avoid sober. If I focus on the high that I know I can't obtain anymore I don't get as far. But on a night where I feel shifty--what is it that I actually can't face sober? I actually come to periods lately where I feel like I can't make it thru that day or hour because of how stressed panicked and confused it gets. These are the points in former life where drug and alcohol would be had. What I'm trying to say is the deep emotional wounds in me are surfacing at these points and to really grow I have to get thru it sober. So although it feels like 'aww what if I could get fucked up that'd be wild' what it really is is: what if I could die for the night? And wake up tomorrow a little more dead than I was yesterday.
I was also one to drink at home alone until I fell over wherever that happened to be.  Tonight I found myself riding the train home from work and for a moment I had that romantic type of feeling - it was so wonderfully miserable to slowly kill myself...So I got off the train and I went to the closest meeting.  It was amazing listening to people's stories of sobriety the wonderful benefits they'd found just from not drinking.  An hour later when I left I didn't feel like it would be good to drink anymore.
Addiction does a great job of creating an illusion. I have to take off the rose-colored glasses and remember the reasons I quit. Do you have a support system in place? Perhaps try reaching out a meeting etc. In the first couple months of my sobriety I had to go to meetings every night to keep myself busy. There's so much more to life waiting for you. Just remember all you need to worry about is making it through tonight. Don't worry about tomorrow just get to bed. That's all it is one day at a time. 
