-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q135t/7_days/

It feels silly to be proud of only 7 days but I am! ..It has been hard really hard and honestly I tend to relapse once the shame of my last drinking binge wears off.  Not this time. Coming to the realization that my relationship with alcohol may finally be over is terrifying. It's been lonely and frustrating not having that crutch when I feel suffocated by life and my emotions. I feel so alone as I realize most of the people in my life are either not interested in sober me or are negative towards my sobriety in general because they don't believe I can do it. They can go to hell. This is for me...I want to thank everyone in this sub for being so supportive and sharing their own struggles dealing with life while sober. Whenever I feel like I can't do it anymore I go on here which is hourly right now and find such amazing people who are surviving and thriving...It feels so good to know that I'm really not alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post. I can really relate at time it seems I need to focus on just this moment and getting through the next hour without picking up the next drink. For me it still is a long process - like I quit hitting the fast forward button and am coming to realize what life really is. ..Thanks again for your post and here's to not drinking right now! :)..
Excellent words!! Your post really hit home. Be totally proud! I can completely relate to what you said especially the part about relapse after the shame wears off! I have a hard time getting past 3 days because that's when I start forgetting how bad I had screwed up (again). ..Absolutely you can do this! I found out right away who were my real friends were the first time I went sober for a long period... I didn't have any just drinking buddies. When I realised this it was much easier to not care about what they said. I didn't need their comments. They just wanted their drinking buddy back and were willing to say anything to do so. ..You got this! Keep going!
You sound like you're staying strong keep it up! I'm sure that in time other people in your life will begin to accept that you're in it for real this time. Congratulations on your first week! I'm almost there and I won't feel bad about being proud of it. :)
The first week is always hell! ..A week of not drinking is something to be proud of seriously. ..Congrats! I'm just about to hit week two! 
You should be!! Congratulations!!
Woot! Congratulations!
I can definitely relate. Even now I find myself really questioning if it was that bad. I have to tell myself "Yes yes it was." Congrats on a week! Keep it up!.
You are definitely not alone. I found so many people willing to help here and in real life. Once I was able to ask for help and be willing to receive it my circle of friends grew. Recently I was happy to have been in contact (in one form or another) with five people who were not my family or co-workers in one day. When I was drinking I was lucky if my wife and kids said more than five words to me. For some people it may seem "silly" to be happy about talking to five people in one day but I was isolated bitter and broken for a long time. I don't care if it's "silly" any more either. Congrats on 7 days! I am ecstatic for you! 
One day at a time.
It's not silly. I'm proud of every single goddamn day. I have one day everyday just happen to be on a streak atm. Congratulations!!
I am so glad you posted and are celebrating 7 days. Listen I'm deadly serious about this: a sobernaut with a week sober who comments and posts about their experiences in the struggle to stop drinking and get sober has more credibility on the immediate path to someone with no days sober or 3 days sober than someone like Slipacer or Sm2l who have decades.  You are just as important as anyone else is and I hope you keep posting and commenting as you go along.
Thank you for sharing. I feel kind of strange celebrating these small victories when it hasn't even been a week yet too. But those are what get me through this and show me much bigger victories and much more amazing things are coming as long as I don't drink today. Great job making it through your first week. What /u/coolcrosby said is absolutely true and that's what makes this such a great support group. 
Be Proud! We share a sober date. Let's make this one the real one (I'm a frequent relapser too) :)
I just hit 7 days too.  Sounds like you're having a bit of a suckfest over there.  I think I'm having about the same amount of fun as you are :(..These guys seem legit here and honestly helpful though.  Good luck.
It is definitely not silly to be proud of 7 days it is a great accomplishment.  I wish you all the best and look forward to seeing your future posts.
Thanks for posting. I feel you. I'm at 5 days and it's hard as fuck. Today was the hardest and I'm proud of every hour I make it today. Didn't realize how hard it would be but I do feel scared and determined.
