-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q55sy/subtle_shifts_in_thinking_and_priority_and_the/

I am still sober and very comfortably so. Things seem to be going really well. For the second time this year I have significant sobriety. I really want this to work this time. However I have still been on guard to look for the early signs as to what went wrong last time. I think I may have spotted them starting to rise up again...I am in the group that believes relapses occur long before the actual action of drinking...What I noticed over the last couple of days is a subtle shift in thinking. I have enough sobriety that I am feeling clear headed (most of the time) and I am getting anxious to improve my life. In response I am putting increased emphasis on non sober things like job hunting and exercise. I find myself annoyed by certain posts on /sd and wonder what value they have for me. Some of my comments start to reflect a certain subtle belligerence and rebellion   as if I have it 100% figured out so I become closed to other ideas. I edge back to being arrogant and unteachable. I start leaving out parts of my morning routine. I allow myself to entertain thoughts of drinking again in the future. ..Maybe I am wrong but this is where I think I started to go off course last time. Unlike last time I am putting the brakes on it. I am recommitting to sobriety as my top priority and making sure that my actions reflect that. I will talk less and listen more; I will try to be teachable. I can do this. I will not go back to drinking. .
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I love this insight. Thank you friend; you've helped me today. 
Wow. Thank you for posting this. It made me think about my previous bouts of sobriety and relapse. I too get to a stage where I think I've got it figured out and stop trying to learn/develop myself. That is when the thoughts of "1 drink can't hurt" start to creep in. I too will try to remain open to being educated this time round. I admit I will never be an expert... Thank you.
What great insight! I too agree that relapses at least in my experience are planned days in advance. It may not be totally in my consciousness but my alcoholic brain is planting seeds for the relapse and I have enough awareness of them that I know it is time to reach out for support. I'm so glad you posted this. It was inspirational to me and I have no doubt it helped others.
Those alcoholic thoughts seem subtle at the time like I'm handling life so well I could just have a drink or two.  I'm so stressed that a drink would help me to slow down and work things out.  I feel so bad I really need a drink.  And so it goes on and on...On the other hand "I'm an alcoholic and I just can't drink" leaves no room for error.  ..Congratulations g-f on 15 days :)
So true! These thoughts creep on us and before we know it we are 9 drinks in. Great honesty and thanks for your post!
Great post! You have a great mind set gelastic_farceur! You are so right about those subtle changes and without careful vigilance they can wash over and then consume us. I too have recognised my own sometimes destructive thought patterns and I'm able to nip them in the bud! Good on you :).
I totally get this post. I feel like I'm experiencing the subtle shifts right now. I keep trying to stay as focused and committed as I was when I first came back to this board but I am having a hard time. 
Totally agree. In my experience I relapsed anywhere from 24-48 hours before I actually picked up the bottle. What I've been doing differently this time is identifying when my brain starts to highlight those drinking opportunities and turn off the gas before those thoughts spend those next two days simmering and gaining momentum. 
It seems to me like a brave thing to air out your shift in thinking here and to look internally for hints of the outcome you don't want to repeat. If I could personify the part of my brain/programming that would perpetuate a relapse I'd say it is nocturnal and afraid of the light. It is a recluse and doesn't want to be known or to hear what anyone else has to offer. So your post just strikes me as really brave and committed. Thinking good thoughts for you and wishing you the best in life :)
This was really helpful for me to read right now. I relate a lot to the cycle of irritation arrogance and then "rebellion" you laid out. I've gone off course this way before too. I hope you're able to shift your mindset to something else this time. Posting this was probably a good start :)
Thank you for this post!
Sounds exactly like me. Thanks! 
Yep I totally relate. In AA they call that being restless irritable discontent.
Browsing through here. Saw your post. Thank you. On day one with my second bout with sobriety. I was so happy the last time. Happiest ive been in so so long. I couldnt figure where I went wrong. Thank you. I know what to watch for this time. 
