-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q92xn/i_proper_nearly_relapsed_last_night_but_my/

I need to come back here because I just got so relaxed about sobriety it was just part of me no cravings anymore just not ever on the menu. Lately though my mental health has been shockingly bad flashbacks paranoia self-harm depression high anxiety brain moving too fast so much stuff waiting on a psychiatrist appointment. ...So had a few days of self-harming a LOT my thigh may as well be a tattoo and yesterday at work I knew I wasn't well because I spent the entire day fantasising about killing myself. When I decided I actually wasn't going to I self harmed again and still felt like I needed something. My friend suggested weed but I haven't scored weed in about 1000 years and housemate hasn't in 4 or so years so we came up a blank on that. Fuck it one night of Vodka. So I'd have a mini relapse reset my badge. meh. Housemate was all "UUrggghhh urrrr..." said he'd come to the shop with me but he'd question me repeatedly every step of the way and at the point of purchase. He said can of cider in hand "you've just done so well don't throw it away". So instead we ordered pizza did a crossword and I took a few more of my meds than I was supposed to and had an early night when they made me dozey. ...Now I'm awake and I don't think I KNOW I can't go to work like this. I'm gonna goto the GP's as soon as it opens and go "yo I spent 10 hours straight considering the pros and cons of suicide help."...tl;dr: watch it. It's sneaky. I've been coasting for months and just bam one night I just almost went 'fuck it one off'. Watch yourself be vigilant....I'm gonna hang out here more. I miss you guys and the supportive environment. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Good mates!  Let's hang onto what we got.  I am not going to drink TODAY in solidarity with you.
Welcome back to this environment.  You have done so well - 350 days - congratulations. :)
Rusty! It is such a sign of strength to reach out for help. Keep asking for help until you get what you need. Keep that friend of yours nice and close.
I am glad you checked in glad you made it through yesterday sober and glad you're reaching out for help. Going to the doctor and admitting I needed help for depression and suicide was scary and hard but made huge improvements in the long run. I hope you get similar results.
Wonderful post. This is a day-to-day process. Thanks for the stark reminder of how sneaky alcohol really is.
I'm glad you made it through yesterday and it's very strong of you to reach out for help. I gave up drinking one day after you--it feels like it's been forever and yet sometimes it seems like just yesterday I was drunk. Sending you thoughts and best wishes. Pull through! &lt;3
What a fantastic friend you have. I'm sorry to hear that things are difficult right now and I hope you find yourself in a good place soon. Strength and peace to you friend. Glad to have you back around these parts. =)
