-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qcvce/please_excuse_me_while_i_rant_for_a_moment_about/

I am usually the first one in the room to criticize much of the antiquated language in the Big Book even as someone who first became sober in AA however there is truly no better word to describe my behavior as *insanity.*..After 8 detoxes 2 rehabs 4 alcoholic withdrawal seizures progressively-worsening alcoholic hallucinosis frighteningly elevated liver numbers and more than my fair share of evenings spent in the emergency room with a combination of alcohol poisoning and drug overdoses my addicted mind still likes to take the reigns and convince me that drinking is a good idea. To me that is not the behavior of a well-rounded individual...I am 25 years old and multiple doctors have told me that my descent into alcoholism and drug addiction has happened at an astoundingly rapid pace confirming my belief that if I continued on the path I was on I would be dead within 6 months. And that's if I managed to somewhat *moderate* my drinking...Approximately 52 days ago I had 7.5 months of "sobriety" under my belt. Meaning I was collecting chips chairing meetings and "helping" other alcoholics begin their road to recovery *however* I was still eating a prodigious amount of opiates while patting myself on the back reveling in the fact that I had not taken a drink in so very long...As they always seem to do the drugs I was using to replace alcohol with inevitably led me back to the bottle. I relapsed for four days. That's it. Four days of constant drinking which ultimately culminated in another withdrawal seizure the worst DTs I have ever experienced in my life and several more doctors telling me that they were impressed I was even still alive. ..Yet I still want to drink. Is that sanity?..My last drinks were on September 8th 2015 and they were three bottles of lavender-scented hand sanitizer which I mixed with benzos that were prescribed for detox. I blacked out from there and apparently attempted to operate my vehicle in order to get to the liquor store before - by nothing short of an act of divine providence - my mother got off of work unusually early to come check in on me pulled up behind my car and rapidly confiscated my keys. ..I am 48 days sober *and* clean today and part of my brain still loves to convince me that drinking is a tremendous idea. ..That part of my brain has been off its meds for far too long..."Fuck this let's drink.".."Shut up brain you know that if we drink we are going to be dead in under a week.".."Since when are you one to enjoy life anyway? Drink up. Go out strong."..This part of my brain is *insane.*..Here's the thing. If I knew for a fact that life would persist the way it has been the past ten years I would stick a gun barrel into my mouth and pull the trigger before even finishing this post. I don't want to live that way any longer but I don't want to die either...Why don't I want to die you may ask? ..Because I have absolutely no fucking idea just how good life can really become after a solid chunk of *quality* sobriety. I've never had that. I look at peoples' transformations in the rooms over the course of even just six months and it absolutely baffles me how tremendously free lighthearted and capable they become as human beings. ..I want that. ..I have spent the past 48 days in abject agony but I fucking *want that.* ..And the only way I could possibly extinguish all of the progress I have made thus far would be to drink it all away. ..Therefore today I choose to ignore my insanity and stay clean and sober one more fucking day. 
----------immediate responses--------

"A year ago I was desperately wishing to be where I am at today."..I'm 25 years old as well and have struggled with substance abuse problems. The kind the rip your life apart and leave you in shambles. We're young with a myriad of potential outcomes for our life. We can control very few of the factors that will result in what will be our future. Avoiding succumbing to our addictions is one we can control if we truly put our best foot forward. ..Wishing you the best on your road to recovery..Ian
I am so glad that you are sober for 48 days.  Major accomplishment.  The thing that gets to me is that you are so young and have your whole life ahead of you. Don't  be like me and wait till your up there in the age dept. asking "what the hell happened?"  Listen to what the doctors are telling you.  Im not saying that you'll drink again because you are doing great at 48 but just had to throw that in.  Time flys by quick so your on the right track and your young age is in your favor. I wish you the best of luck.
[removed]
I agree with you. nothing can describe my relationship with alcohol better than the word insanity. I appreciate your post. It really made me think about my own experiences and the slippery slope of medication. I am NOT anti medication but have one prescription that has the potential for misuse. It was painful to have this conversation with my doctor.
Great job!  48 days of living.  I would really hate to hear of you dying at such a young age.  I know that there would be a lot of background stuff that got you into drinking in the first place - well that's what happened with me anyway - and I wish I could be your age again making the right decisions.  ..So stick with it - do detox again if you need to and keep writing to us.  I will not drink today in solidarity with you.
Thank you for this post.
Good post.  You sound like you're on the right path.  Something a fellow SD'er posted recently:..&gt; That's the main reason it doesn't bother me when people refer to AA as unscientific or illogical. If my drinking followed the rules of logic I might need a logical way to combat it. Yet somehow my very rational and reasonable mind convinced me that my drinking wasn't something worth addressing for literally decades right up until it nearly killed me....
