-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qde7w/is_it_ok_for_me_to_be_happy/

Is it ok for me to be happy? Also is it ok for me to make 3 posts on this forum in one day?..I posted about complacency in recovery. I worry that if I become happy I will become complacent.  So far I have made sure not to become happy so that that does not happen...I also worry that if I get happy and then feel sad again then the fall will be too painful to bear and I will relapse. If I stay unhappy then there will not be a fall because there will be nowhere to fall as I'm already down.  ..But if I get happy and then get sad again (a likelihood with life) then the fall from happiness to sadness will crush me and I will relapse.  ..I don't know.  Maybe I shouldn't get happy? But that doesn't sound right then what was the point of - anything?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
In my opinion the answer to that question is an emphatic **Yes!** ..I mean isn't being happy the whole point of this adventure? When I was drinking I was anything BUT happy. I was fucking miserable and that's putting it lightly. To me one of my favorite things about sobriety is actually being *able* to be sad or happy and knowing that having those feelings are valid. I knew for me it was ok to be sad at times and that the sadness I felt was only because I felt strongly enough about something in the first place to have that emotional response. I used to not give a shit about anything other than my own selfish drinking needs and to be able to actually recognize being genuinely upset by something was a bit of a sober revelation to me. ..And there have been times since stopping that I was very very sad about stuff to the point where I thought I might pick up again and I posted here on SD making sure to at least document my thoughts at the time. Never worry about posting here a few times in a day if you need to reach out do it! We're here for you! ..[Bobby McFerrin gets us!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-diB65scQU).... 
Emphatically yes. I dont allow myself to get complacent. I do two things for my sobriety every day to remind myself of where I was and who I want to become. And it works for me!!! I am incredibly happy!!! And guess whay? It hasnt always been that way. I have spent a long time building a support network and my "toolbox". I still have bad days. I still get depressed. But thanks to those tools foundation and making a decision every day not to drink I have not relapsed yet. I am incredibly happy. Happier than I ever thought possible. 
I have waves of deep nothing and gentle sorrow pass over me pretty regularly. Sometimes they've lasted months. ..I find that the longer I am sober the shorter those waves are. Sometime they're a little choppier and I feel a more intense sadness but it passes in a day or so. Sometimes they're a little gentler and last a week or so. Critically: they pass. The off-wave times are getting better too!
I'm not necessarily happier on any given day but sober I'm emotionally hella-stronger than I was when I was drinking. So unhappiness--sober it's not exactly a laugh but it's not always a cry either. 
Nothing lasts forever. You will be happy and then you don't..Imagine if your first flu lasted forever? You would be sick your whole life!! Same thing for orgasms... Who wants a permanent orgasm?..So I'd say enjoy your happiness today and yes it is ok for you to be happy...Posts? As long as the Mods do not tell you anything I guess you are ok.
It is OK to be happy but do not make happiness the goal. No one is happy all the time. I love this article: [*There's More to Life than Happiness*](http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/01/theres-more-to-life-than-being-happy/266805/). It brings up the idea of instead pursuing a life that is both meaningful and satisfying. IN my experience chasing happiness was a recipe for not finding it.
"No man may enter the kingdom of happiness with hopes of staying forever"...I forget who made the quote but it's absolutely true.    You will be happy sometimes and sad sometimes....It's perfectly OK
