-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qdsdy/just_had_a_lovely_evening_with_my_sponsor_and_her/

And I feel better than I've felt in a long long time. To anybody out there who's trying to quit...please don't do it on your own. ..I spent a good year attempting on my own having relapses and getting increasingly more frustrated and hopeless. I started going to AA a few months ago and I was going to meetings and everything and trying to read the big book on my own and just not getting anywhere. I got a reality check about a month ago by a member of my home group and she finally broke through my stubborn walls and I gave in and allowed a sponsor into my life. Besides hitting rock bottom this is honestly the best thing I think I've done towards my recovery so far. Having somebody there to guide the way for you and someone who you can relate to makes a world of difference. This disease is a terrible one that causes isolation and self-doubt. The best antidotes to that are companionship and reassurance and along with that comes new friends and people who are going to have a positive influence in your life...Seriously...my best piece of advise for anybody new is to reach out for help. It's darn near impossible to do this alone and you shouldn't have to suffer in silence. I know it's hard but trust me it could change your life. Even if AA isn't your thing find a local therapy or meetup group talk to a friend phone a distress line post on here anything. You're not alone in your struggles and there is tons of support out there so take advantage of it. You deserve it.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes doing it alone though our first inclination is a much harder road.  Maybe even impossible
I couldn't have said it better myself! Kudos for 48 days!
Coming out of isolation was really hard for me.  And it didn't change overnight.  I remember the first couple months of sobriety I would isolate darn near every time a feeling came about that I couldn't drink away...Talking to a sponsor about my "problems" didn't come naturally but I got approached in a similar way as you &amp; got lucky with a persistent fellow.  ..I love your message and share your experience.
