-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qkkje/words_of_wisdom_to_your_former_self/

When I came back here I noticed my badge had a nice '91' in it. Unfortunately I messed that up by drinking more often than not over the past two months or so. I'm not sure what I want really. Not drinking sounds like the right decision but I'm struggling with it. I've gotten some really good advice here before which led me to believe I need to make some serious changes. And I did at first. Yet I'm able to follow the good advice for a few weeks then just end up forgetting how bad things were... Now I'm experiencing serious 'kindling' and my whole nervous system feels like it's plugged into a wall socket.  .I guess what I would like to know is whether anyone here was in the same cycle and managed to get out of it. How did you do it? How many times did you repeat this relapse cycle and what would you tell that person if you could go back in time? I guess I'm just coming here for moral support to get through this first day. Then I'll tackle Day 2 tomorrow. Thank you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back /u/jonnyschmuck -- I would tell myself [to follow directions!](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ree7a/hey_cc_im_newly_sober_what_do_i_do_next_the_baby/)
Just got to day 2. At 12:40AM I was driving to the store having resisted the urge to drink until then. Figured I'd need it to sleep rather excusing it by saying I needed it to sleep. ..I got to the parking lot and split myself in two conversation-wise. I am a Christian so argued like this:..Christian Me: Turn around right now! The fact you still want to turn around means God is talking directly to you during your moment of insanity. Go home!..Alcoholic Me: we already came this far! Go in and get something to sleep. It's right there!)..This pattern went on for about 2 minutes. Then me the me-me viewed the argument and realized that my day one would never start and I would never see day 30 60 360.....I wanted to see the life ahead of me sober. I cried out to God and kinda demanded I be taken home and without putting another thought into it I turned and went home...I felt messed up inside without having that drink but ultimately felt...saved? ..Tl;dr   I cried out to my higher power before I let the first drop in me. Heading on day two now and I guess ill be going to a meeting soon. Fight with your higher power man. Especially when that madness to drink starts up. I waited till the last minute but was still rescued...You can do it man! Keep yearning for that life and accept that life can be shitty. Take joy in everday you haven't touched that stuff and let your higher power shape out the rest!.
I wrote a list of the things I've lost or given up for another drink and why I want them back. I read it every time I struggle to remind myself why I am doing this it has saved me from going to the store a few times. 
I'm in that cycle now but I am adding up all the dry days and relapsing every so-often (in the way I do it literally a relapse might be a bottle of wine) is better than me drinking everyday.  I do understand that a relapse for someone else can mean 2 months of solid drinking - yes relapses vary...I'm coming to StopDrinking several times a day and just focusing on sobriety. I really do want to quit and move on from this relapsing though.
I don't know if I'm out of the cycle (it's still way too early) nor if I'll ever be comfortable saying I am. But I joined this sub end of March and am now pushing past sixty days so I definitely feel like I know where you're coming from. This time has felt a lot different. First off sober people sober places. Then sober thoughts that I enforce through daily ritual. Same bed times meditation regular exercise. I'll give myself a day break here and there to stay up late playing video games but my ritual is the most important thing to me right now. This really makes me embody the idea that I am sober rather than someone that isn't drinking. The benefits of a consistent day in turn make me value my sobriety highly. In short - I had to change more than just choosing not to pick a  drink (or twenty...)  
