-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qly6d/update_wellbutrin_post/

Hi guys!..I posted not long ago about trying wellbutrin to quit smoking. Some of you responded and wanted to be updated on how it went. The number one lesson I learned was that it is WAY too soon to be quitting another addiction. No matter how powerful and strong you may feel on day 60 you are not out of the woods yet!..I'll start with the pros:.1. I had lots of energy. Cleanest house on my street I'd say..2. I legitimately did not want to smoke. Id just forget to smoke and if I had one in my hand to light Id just lay it down and change my mind. ..Cons:.1. Crippling anxiety. I'll tell you one thing about me the bathtub is my sanctuary of peace. Im writing this post in my bathtub right now hot water and lavender essential oils and I couldn't be more relaxed. I had an anxiety attack in the bathtub on this drug. I just couldn't calm myself down..2. I barely slept..3. Shaky hands crazy eyes (mom described me as jittery)...Basically I felt manic. I made it through this without drinking but if I'd stuck it out any longer I'd be relapsed right now. I have no doubt. Now on the bright side my smoking has been cut back considerably. For me it wasn't worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds really scary. I am glad you are safe. Mania is really terrifying!
Whoa thanks for the update.  One day and one thing at a time.
I've taken Wellbutrin. Great for depression horrible for anxiety! You have energy though and I'd usually lose weight but still not worth it imo.
I've had very similar experiences when tinkering with my antidepressant dosage and/or formula. Evidently it's quite common as elevated levels in seratonin which is the chemical that SSRIs and SNRIs are thought to act on can cause this sense of mania and anxiety. I personally had at least one relapse in an attempt to escape those horrible feelings and was hesitant to retry medications when I finally stopped drinking because I worried the cycle would repeat. Unfortunately these symptoms *did* reappear for me but this time I went to the doctor instead of grabbing the bottle and she halved my dosage and I felt substantial relief within 12 hours. Your experience may vary and I am not a doctor but I can honestly say that I would certainly be back to drinking *without* medication and being open with my doctor helped mediate the awfulness of starting the drugs. We slowly tapered up and while not every day was awesome it was much more manageable than before. Hope you find some relief! Stick with it!
