-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qwv22/rnonfictionbookclub_is_reading_mans_search_for/

Thanks /u/VictoriaElaine for letting me post this.../r/NonFictionBookClub is about to start our next book and I thought some of you would be interested. (In fact I think I've seen it mentioned on this sub a few times.) The author Viktor E. Frankl is a psychiatrist and a Jew who lived through many years in a concentration camp. *Man's Search for Meaning* explains his experiences there as well as the general philosophy of life that came out of them. A lot of people find this philosophy incredibly motivational and helpful in dealing with hardships of almost any kind. In fact it's apparently often recommended by therapists to people dealing with depression anxiety and a host of other issues. It's apparently been very helpful to people trying to stop drinking e.g. a blog post [link removed]:..>I began writing this and the enormity of what this author had experienced hit me hard. I can not compare what an alcoholic like me has been through with a survivor from a Nazi concentration camp that is not what I am trying to do. I suppose what strikes me hard about what Dr Frankl writes is man's enormous capacity to struggle yet survive...Frankl doesn't deal specifically with drinking but with a lot of the issues that might be behind a drinking problem and a lot of ideas/techniques that apply to hardship in general...***..We haven't started the book yet so I can't give a broader summary that does it justice but I'll quote from the preface:..> In the concentration camp every circumstance conspires to make the prisoner lose his hold. All the familiar goals in life are snatched away. What alone remains is "the last of human freedoms" the ability to "choose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances." This ultimate freedom recognized by the ancient Stoics as well as by modern existentialists takes on vivid significance in Frankl's story. The prisoners were only average men but some at least by choosing to be "worthy of their suffering" proved man's capacity to rise above his outward fate...And the book itself is filled so far with quotes like these:..> Don't aim at success the more you aim at it and make it a target the more you are going to miss it. For success like happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long run in the long run I say! success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think of it...It seems like this is something a lot of you would be interested in especially where these approaches apply to drinking so we'd love it if you joined us at /r/NonFictionBookClub. We're discussing the first bit on Monday the 9th and I'll be posting a pdf in case you can't get the book by then...And if you have any questions (or want to talk about the book) comment away!..-Cheers
----------immediate responses--------

Just wanted to chime in. This is a fantastic book. I did it as an audio book. .Really great stuff.  
&gt;you have to let it happen by not caring about it...Yessssssssss
I read this book for a psych class many years and it was amazing one of the books that has stuck with me.  I definitely wouldn't mind giving it a reread.   
I will put this on my biking audiobook list. Thanks!
My brother gave me this book to read during one of my hospitalizations as a direct result of drinking. I've been able to carry so much from this short work with me throughout my recovery that it's in my bag with me every day now.
Started reading this a few weeks agobut my ADHD(selfdiagnosed) has kept me from finishing it is an interesting bookthanks for book clubbing it...
I looked at my book shelf this morning and was reminded that I have this book. I plan to read it soon. Such a strange coincidence to run into this post after just literally thinking about this book :)
What a great book.
