-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r08hi/i_feel_like_drinking_again_is_just_fated_to_happen/

This has been my most successful stint at sobriety in a while. I attribute that to a few things. Hitting a new  rock bottom  a few weeks ago opening up about the extent of my alcoholism to more people and trying AA for the first time in my life. ..However I'm having a rough time with something. In the past three days especially I've had moments where I feel like I'm fated to drink again. It's not just a  hey it might be nice to have that 12-pack tonight.  It's more of a  done deal  in my mind. Like  yes this is something that's going to happen tonight.  If I had easy access to alcohol at any of these points I almost certainly would have drank...I get it at work when I'm driving heck I even had it at the beginning of the meeting I went to a few days ago. While someone was reading the  how it works  thing at the beginning I was satisfied with the knowledge that I would go home and drink...I haven't acted on this yet. I tell myself (and it seems to help) just delay it. Maybe I'll relapse but it doesn't have to happen right now. I can always drink again if I want to...Almost counter intuitively this seems to help me not take that drink. To know that it is always an option means I don't have to do it right now this evening maybe not even today at all. That convenience store will still be there tomorrow...In the past I'd get this feeling and I would act on it. Like I couldn't control it at all. I still feel like I can't control it but I can delay it. Maybe that's enough for now but that initial feeling scares the hell out of me. ..To those of you who have some sobriety under your belt was this something you struggled with? If so how long did it take for these feelings to subside? Not just cravings; I recognize that I'll deal with cravings for a long time. These seems like more than cravings. Something more insidious...Thanks for reading my long wall of text. ..TLDR: Sometimes I feel like I'm fated to drink again. As if I have no choice. Right now sobriety feels more like delaying the inevitable rather than completely giving it up.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I struggled with these thoughts and cravings. It made me realize the power of alcohol and how it was trying to call me back. I learned I could have these thoughts and feelings and not drink. Having a therapist and going to meetings gave me sober living tools so eventually the cravings were not so powerful. Going to meetings also gave me hope; I saw many people in long-term recovery. ..In early sobriety it helped to eat something sweet during these times. I learned to focus on today and not worry about the future because all I have any control over is the present moment. ..In addition to eating something sweet taking action dissolved using thoughts. Exercise cleaning out a closet car garage cooking calling a friend. I had a friend who got cravings when he drove past certain bars on his way home. He'd stop his car and walk around it a few times just to break the "spell". ..Hang on. As long as I am sober I have a choice whether I drink again. Today I won't. 
A quick question. Do you believe in destiny and fate for other things in your life? Are you destined to win a lottery or be famous? The reason I ask is because I believe that destiny and fate are superstitious nonsense. You reap what you sew my grandparents generation often said and there was a lot of wisdom in those simple words. ..In my case I would repeatedly fail at attempts to quit drinking after weeks or months because I didn't change anything except to remove the alcohol. When I kept doing the same things with the same people I eventually gave in felt I could moderate and drank. Perhaps I was destined to be a drinker. Or more likely **"You do what you always did you will get what you always got**... When I finally got serious about quitting I changed just about everything in my life. I began eating better I started exercising I read extensively about recovery I was honest with my close family and friends about my problem and my remaining sober. I changed routes on my drives I avoided all bars and alcohol centred events for a very long time. I still stay away from bars and heavy drinking parties for the most part. There is not much fun for me there...You could say I felt fated to get sober. I wouldn't though because I think fate is crap. I would say *I wanted sobriety and did everything I needed to do to achieve it*. You can too. It's not fate it's making a plan every day and sticking to it.
Thanks for posting this - it's a really great thing to ask about because it's something that nearly everyone has experienced at some point I feel like. Something that I discovered early in that was very surprising to me was that just because I thought something that didn't mean I needed to do it. The way they put it in AA was "feelings aren't facts." I've come to realize that I have very little control over what my mind thinks. And what my mind thinks isn't something to suppress or repair or try to change. But it isn't something to take at face value either. I think everyone is a little crazy in some ways and one of those ways is the tendency people have to confuse that voice in their heads with "me." Believe me that voice ain't anyone.
Alcohol is one insidious motherfucker. It will try to get you when you're alone vulnerable afraid angry resentful hungry... I have that drunk narrator in my head that sometimes throws these thoughts at me but the more sober support I put in place the quieter the voice gets. I call a sober friend have a long bath cook something delicious get into a film go to bed read go for a quick walk...anything to drown out the drunk dude who lives in my brain X 
