-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r8usr/spouse_still_in_surgery_starting_to_feel_a_bit/

Sooooo......Spouse was wheeled back to the OR at 7:30am...By the time he was prepped and put under by anesthesia and everything they didn't actually start the physical cutting until about 9am.  ..It is now about 2pm.  As per usual nothing with the Mouse Spouse can be simple....because this "3 or 4 hour" surgery is up to 5 hours and while I'm being told things are "Going Ok" I'm also told they aren't even close to being able to close him back up again......I'm feeling less happy at this moment...but what will be will be.  I can't exactly scrub up and barge in and fix things...he is in good hands...and so am I cause I have you guys. ..Spouse's Dad and I are making progress on the ribbons.  ..http://imgur.com/DW1wTfQ..FYI about the ribbon project:..http://imgur.com/iD3bFZD..I decided to take on the challenge of (with the help of some friends and family) making a few hundred of these in all kinds of different colors for awareness for different kinds of cancer for the cancer ward of the hospital that has treated my husband so well. Patients will be able to add tags and write messages to whatever ribbon they choose...This is an example of deciding what to do with your anger...make it work for you or let it destroy you.  I heard Spouse had another cancer and I'd have a second cancer ribbon color and I was angry at the universe.  ..Then I looked to see just how many cancer ribbon colors there are.  And I realized there are so very many other people in our same shoes...struggling dealing with the monster that is Cancer in all its different forms.  And so I saw a picture of a Christmas tree decorated with all different types of awareness ribbons...and it was called a "Tree of Hope"..so I decided I'd make a Hope tree for the hospital's 7th floor where Spouse spent so many weeks with the leukemia battle where we still go for support meetings and where so much of the staff knows us.  ..We're almost out of the ribbon hooks I brought for today though (had NO idea it would take this long)...next step to keep us busy will be cutting spools of ribbon that hasn't been touched.  ..The saga continues.....Stay tuned.  ..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

thoughts are with you Mouse. 
I'm waiting for these updates.  I love the ribbon project.  Way to go.
Loving how you're channeling all the emotions you're having to deal with and glad you're including us in the process. Continuing prayers for you and Spouse. 
You continue to be incredibly awesome under pressure. Hang in there.
Don't know you but you're both in my prayers. Hang in there.
I've been reading your posts over the last few months and I'm so impressed by the strength and resilience you have shown. I used to work (in a non-medical role) in an oncology unit and I've seen how trying the whole process can be on patients' families even on the best of days. You're an incredible spouse and he's fortunate to have someone as supportive as you.
You and hubby are in my thoughts. Your insight about the many different kinds of cancer was amazing.
Hey Mouse &amp; Spouse. What a long day for you guys! Hang in there!
I keep checking for updates from you so it's safe to say you and your spouse are in my thoughts today. Thank you for sharing how you are handling this situation. This is the kind of sobriety that I hope I'm working towards. 
Best wishes. 
I didn't realise how many different cancers were out there until my lovely Dad was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer back in 2011. So glad you are doing something proactive so many families will benefit from this. Still here with you Mouse x
