-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rcx4o/woke_up_today_forgetting_what_a_mess_ive_made_of/

i usually start the first weeks of sobriety very aware of my problem then convince everyone i'm fine then convince myself i'm fine then the descent into relapse begins. i woke up this morning feeling like a normal person and since waking up have been making myself remember all the horrible events that have taken place this week because of my drinking. it scares me to think how easily i'm willing to move on and try to leave it behind because i know that's the start of another relapse. how do you keep yourself in the mindset of "i'm an alcoholic i need to take these steps to overcome it etc. etc." when it's so tempting to try to forget it?
----------immediate responses--------

This worked for me: first thing when I wake up in the morning renew my commitment and set the agenda for the day. Thinking these words - "I will not drink today" and building from there. 
I know exactly what you're talking about. I've gone a couple weeks without drinking many times before only to fall back into it because I feel normal again. This time I'm using a journal to write down any negative memories caused by booze (or mindsets...anxieties that otherwise wouldn't have been present) to re-read during those times I feel I can "be normal" again. The moment before I decide to go get something. Hopefully just the action of having to read it will serve as a reminder that I can't drink normally...because...I'm pretty sure Jane next door isn't reading her alcohol anxiety journal before going to the store. You know? Over time I hope it won't even be necessary as not drinking will be routine. Hopefully.  
Well posting here and remembering the shit show is a good move...
It's so easy to forget how bad things were after long periods of awesomeness. I had 210ish days under my belt. I wasn't having cravings. my relationships were awesome with friends family and my husband most especially. Things were just GREAT. I was on cloud 9. ..I then relapsed after a birthday drink. For 2 fucking months. After I had relapsed for a few days I started to feel angry at myself and turned the anger inward and just drank and drank and drank. thinking it was going to be too hard to do it all over again. ..well it's not too difficult I'm here now.... ..try writing yourself a letter. I actually just started doing some work book stuff for sobriety using Refuge Recovery. In the first chapter it asks you like 20 questions about how alcohol has effected your life. And if you're honest with yourself it can be startling how much stuff alcohol fucks up in day to day things. It helps me when I'm feeling the occasional urge to drink. 
My only step is not today. I have no other step.
This is me to a T. HOW CAN I REMEMBER? "I feel so good. I feel even better when I drink! I've done so good I'll go back to sobriety after just this once!" It makes me feel like I am wrestling with a small child except I am that small child. I am forgetful and somehow I forget what is MOST.IMPORTANT.TO.ME.RIGHT.NOW. I sometimes think about having a little note or something but I've never done that. I've only managed to forget.
