-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rhqj3/lets_talk_insanity_for_a_moment/

Over the last 9 days my diet has improved substantially and I've hit the gym every day except one that I had an injury...I still could stand to probably lose about 40 lbs. But I'm not really worried about it because I quit drinking. ..This is where the insanity comes in...For the last decade I have struggled with my weight and diet. Sometimes I can lose a good bit then it comes back. I've tried multiple workout programs have no medical issues contributing to weight gain and many many different diets...Here's the thing: I LOVE WORKING OUT AND EATING HEALTHY **WHEN SOBER**..It's no challenge to me to go to the gym. I enjoy it and it's my daily vacation...I would rather have a salad than a cheeseburger. That requires zero willpower for me. I actually enjoy the taste of the salad better...I don't like sodas unless I have added alcohol to them or am using them to mask the smell of alcohol I've already drunk...I don't have a sweet tooth and generally avoid desserts unless drunk...Also alcohol has a tendency to increase my hunger and make it take longer for me to feel full...But for a decade I tried gimmicky stuff to just avoid cutting alcohol out of my diet. I refused to really acknowledge how many calories I was drinking...And many a day I would leave work wanting to hit the gym but think "Well I'm going to drink after the gym anyway so that's going to kind of undo all the workout anyway so let's just go home and drink right away."..HOW DOES THAT EVEN MAKE SENSE??!?!..That's like saying "Well I am going to spend money after work so I might as well skip work and go straight to the store." ..I wonder what other aspects of people's lives get twisted by this same twisted train of thought.....
----------immediate responses--------

When I was on WW (weight watchers) I would drink my entire days worth of points and eat nothing but apples and salad to try and compensate. ..that.... didn't work. ..I've bought an elliptical and a treadmill to get my exercise in and I'm eating right again over the last 3 weeks. down 6 lbs and my pants feel extra loose because I'm not bloated anymore. 
Ha ha I love the store analogy!  My weight loss strategy was to just not eat cause beer was filling enough. Insanity to the max.
Well I can't say i haven't lost weight since quitting but effort is a big part of it. Honestly goes a long way with losing weight as it does with drinking. That said I use to work out 5 days a week with no results and struggled to pass a fitness test for my job. Since getting sober wouldn't you know i haven't failed a fitness test yet and i put forth half the effort (at least in the gym). Just another reason to stay sober.
You had me at insanity.
The twisted train of thought is constant.  Why do I need an 8th beer if I'm already drunk?
