-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rj156/i_hit_rock_bottom_on_monday_day_1_of_being_sober/

Hi everyone I'm reaching out for some support...I'm 23 years old a humanities graduate student at a major university and I got my second DUI (plus open container) on Monday night. I blew a 0.28 and the judge looked me in the eyes and told me that my drinking was going to absolutely kill me if I didn't get my life together stat...I've been drinking/using drugs since I was 12. Alcohol killed my father grandfather and several uncles and cousins. It's gotten me into all sorts of terrible situations--from the DUIs to being assaulted (sexually and physically) to a drunken hookup that led to an unwanted pregnancy (and subsequent abortion). I have the  combination of depression anxiety and self-loathing which are overwhelming when I manage to stay sober for any length of time...I feel like I'm typing out all of the tired tropes of Lifetime movies but I sat in my bed and just sobbed this morning because I finally realized how out-of-control the drinking has become. I had never realized how thoroughly self-destructive I had become. I think maybe that's because I have the reputation for being the "fun drunk" which is a terrible thing to be I realize. Every time I've tried to stay sober at a party I have been met with "oh my god no! You're so much fun to drink with! Come on!"..Lately I've been consuming a steady amount of shitty red wine. In my mind (until yesterday) I rationalized it as being somehow ok because wine isn't as "dangerous" or whatever as liquor. Just constantly drinking barely eating anything and struggling to stay motivated in school. The only time I have been forcing myself to be sober is when I have to grade papers but otherwise I've been following a terrible mantra of "write drunk edit tipsy." Thankfully (?) my grades have not suffered and my professors are happy with my work. Nobody seems to have noticed. When I'm not in class I'm in my bed hiding and drinking. I'm a first-year grad student so I'm adjusting to a new city and my close friends are all on the other side of the country so they don't know how bad the drinking is. The only comments I've gotten from anyone are about the weight I've lost or that I seem exhausted...The reason I was drinking and driving is totally absurd too. I was dating this guy for about 6 months (and we were friends for about 3 years previously) who is a great guy but on Monday he told me that he couldn't deal with my self-destruction anymore. While I haven't picked any drunk fights or cheated on him he told me that it's too exhausting and heartbreaking to call and hear me slurring or drunkenly crying about my research. He's back home so even he doesn't know the real extent of the drinking. But he said something that I've heard before which was "you hate yourself more than you love me." When I got off the phone with him I totally lost it. I had been drinking all day nothing to eat and decided that I wanted to die. So I got in my car and drove toward a major river with the intention of jumping. However I changed my mind and turned around but I was out in the country totally lost and then blacked out. I came to in the back of a cop car telling the officer about the course I teach. ..Thankfully I didn't wreck or hurt anybody but it was certainly a wake-up call. Now I feel so totally helpless and scared because I know I'll have to do jail time. How do I quit? I've been drinking for so long that I don't even know what the sober me looks like. ..Any advice at all would be so much appreciated. I just feel so broken.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for what you've been going through. You have a lot of reasons to give up booze for good. I have struggled with giving it up over the past year so I'm not qualified to give advice. But if you have insurance perhaps you can see a therapist and get treatment for your emotional pain as well.  I struggle with depression and anxiety and that sometimes leads me back to the bottle which just makes it worse. A lot of people love AA but if that's not your thing there's Smart Recovery in a lot of areas too now. Sending you a virtual hug. It sounds like you've been through a lot. 
This is a terrible situation and I'm sorry that you are going through it. You might want to start the path forward by looking into the counseling and legal services available at your university. If you're sincerely committed to quitting I think there's a lot they can do for you - particularly in view of your family history. As to your boyfriend I know what it's like to lose a long-term relationship to my drinking habit. It's a heartbreak that doesn't entirely go away at least it hasn't for me. But your future relationships will be all the stronger because of what you will have learned from the process that you begin today. Good luck.
I feel I can relate to your story a lot. I recently hit a new rock bottom after weeks of hiding and drinking wine. I'm a female grad student and think my success at school has unfortunately made me draw out my addiction for much longer than it should have. I'm in my first week of sobriety and terrified. I have been sitting and panicking all day but am finding some hope in the fact that finally having realized the extreme gravity of my situation no matter the repercussions of my past actions will be the first step to saving my life. I just want to offer my support and hope that you will feel the support of this community and it will help you get through this. It WILL get better.
[removed]
Good luck there are many resources here!
Welcome /u/helpargharhgh12 to r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out what I did to stop drinking and get sober.  Good luck to you.
&gt;So I got in my car and drove toward a major river with the intention of jumping. However I changed my mind and turned around but I was out in the country totally lost and then blacked out. I came to in the back of a cop car telling the officer about the course I teach...I have a friend from my AA home group who drove down an embankment with her disabled daughter in the back seat with the intention of killing them both but she turned around before she hit the water. So if you're looking to find someone like you that might be a good place to start...&gt;I feel like I'm typing out all of the tired tropes of Lifetime movies but I sat in my bed and just sobbed this morning because I finally realized how out-of-control the drinking has become...Oh man I totally remember feeling like such a clich  on day 0. Well the good news is you never ever have to feel that way again I promise!
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation. Just know that no matter what problems you may be facing in your life alcohol doesn't actually help any of them at all...Here are two things you can do right now:..Step one is to commit to not drink today. I know you can do that! Tackle tomorrow tomorrow...Step two is to forgive yourself. Everyone fucks up everyone finds themselves in situations where you wonder just how the hell you got there. It's ok. It's what you do next that matters...Moving forward there are many resources that can help you. If you have depression and anxiety it might help to speak with a therapist. (I can say from personal experience that quitting drinking helps with your mental health even if you can't imagine that at first. It really really does.) A lot of people here have had luck going to AA or SMART meetings - maybe check out one of those in your area...And keep coming here. This is an active sub with a lot of members who all want to help you!
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
No advice but coming here was a good start for me. My best wishes go to you.
This needed to happen. You can use it as a source of strength - don't let it be for nothing.
Big internet hugs to you. It sounds like you have the gift of desperation - I had that too 149 days ago. So I will say to you what a very kind and understanding woman said to me at an AA meeting on that day one as I was (unsuccessfully) holding back tears and feeling so raw vulnerable and desperate to no longer be the_drunken_pissed_off_goose:..The good news is you never have to drink again...You never have to. One day at a time. You can make the same promise that I and many others have made: I will not drink today...I make that promise every day to myself and usually also on the daily check-in thread here in stopdrinking. Doesn't matter what tomorrow will bring. I'm here for today focusing on my sobriety for today...My other suggestion is to check out your local AA (and/or SMART) meetings. My best friend from the program was in your very situation when I met her - jail time for a DUI was imminent. One thing she did was write down every meeting she went to and had it signed off by the chair of the meeting. So in addition to working a program that list was something concrete she could show the court when she went back - "look I am taking an active step in my recovery to try to be better." It might not help but I honestly don't think it can hurt either.
Good luck. I like to come here daily and read. Helps me.
I feel like I am reading my story!! From playing the part of the secretly drunk grad student to the drunken crying phone calls to wanting to die.  I have also spent so so so many hours in my bed hiding with red wine. I want you to know that you are NOT alone. I was able to drink for years and still succeed in school but as the drinking got worse it was harder to hide and still do well in school. Eventually it will become impossible at least this was the case for me when I failed my last round of important midterms..I'm relying on AA meetings the guidance of a sponsor and the support in this group. I'm here for you if you need to talk. Based on my previous glimpses into sobriety and what I hear in meetings I can promise you that you DON'T ever have to feel like this again.
[removed]
I'm no expert but it might be safe to say we've all hit a rock bottom. Sharing your story is appreciated and important.  I've found this sub to be full of resources and also very positive.
Everything gets better. It's within your reach nothing is hopeless. Heal and stay strong 
I'm a grad student about your age at a big school stressed out as ever about my research. ..A year ago I was drunk every day of the week. I couldn't sleep and I thought about quitting my program constantly. I was anxious and picking fights with my long distance boyfriend. Basically I've been there. ..The greatest gift I've given myself is the freedom to be sober. After a particularly embarrassing bender I decided I would quit drinking for a few days. I was so stoked on not drinking for a couple hours that I googled "stopped drinking one week health benefits" or something like that. It led me here where I was challenged to confront my relationship with alcohol. It took me a long time to admit that I had a problem. ..The good thing about your situation desperate though it is is that you seem to have realized that you need to change. The even better thing is that it is totally in your power to do so. I look back at who I was a year ago and am shocked at everything that has changed--my guy and I got engaged which never would have happened had we still been drinking. My research sucks and my dissertation won't write itself but I am working normal hours and slowly becoming professional. I started weight lifting and wind surfing and have never felt so healthy. ..I hope that you can move past this difficult as it will be to confront your dui situation. As an academic it really helped me to write about my relationship with alcohol (journal list whatever) as well as to research recovery from alcoholism and health effects of drinking. I'm sending you so much good energy right now you can do this!
[removed]
Hope you are doing better today :).
