-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rju81/day_45_i_feel_worse_than_ever/

If I could shut myself in a room and never come out I likely would. I've lost all focus and motivation. All I want to do is sleep. Honestly if I could hit an off switch and never wake up I would. I'm not going to relapse though. It's better to hurt alone than get drunk and hurt everyone else.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry to hear this and feel for you.  It does get better and I hope it gets better very soon for you...Are you doing anything in your recovery other than abstinence?
I felt much the same at 45-50 days. I was still crazy exhausted and fussy and kept waiting for "recovery" to "happen to me". Like nika said I had to start putting one foot in front of the other and building an actual recovery program of sorts before I started to reap the benefits of not drinking. My program is very loose and includes easy things like doing the daily check in here every single day reading through posts here every day and listening to a handful of recovery themed podcasts. In addition to that I downloaded couch to 5k and started walking/running the track. I still felt pretty bad/sad for a while but very slowly and surely I am finding myself in recovery. I'm not gonna lie at 4 months I'm still really tired a lot but I'll take that over being really hungover a lot. Is there one small step you can implement toward your recovery each day? 
Forty-five days in to recovery I count just getting to bed sober a huge victory.  Keep slogging.  I had a lot of crap days and crap moments in early sobriety but the payoff for persistence is worth it in my experience.
I just re-read my journal at day 47 and I was a quivering mass of vitriol and exhaustion. I was a bitchy tired little teenager. Ha! It will get better. I came out of it about 2 months in. There's nothing wrong with hibernating for a bit while you ride it out. 
You're not hurting alone! All I want to do is cry and drink milkshakes! If you can call them milkshakes. . .ice cream in a bowl with milk on top. Haha. And sleeping is WONDERFUL! Keep your chin up! :) 
