-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rm3di/so_tired/

This week has become a huge battle. I have lost all motivation and I'm SO TIRED. I need some inspiration!..I'm struggling to achieve anything at work I can't concentrate and all I want to do is curl up in bed... which is impossible because I'm staying with a friend at the moment. It's tiring trying to keep the facade up but I'm also scared to let it drop incase everything falls down with it. In my first few sober weeks I had energy and motivation... it's all gone now and it feels like it will never come back. ..How long will this last?!
----------immediate responses--------

I know exactly what you mean with respect to work. This is my second shot at a master's degree and I'm failing to produce the work that I used to use alcohol to power through. I will find a way and you will find a way. The energy will return in time. Listen to some music that gets you fired up and power though. Good luck.
I know energy levels can be all over the place in the first few months. I know when I first quit I thought I was back to normal after a few days. As the days moved into weeks I experienced more significant changes which gave me an indication of just how much alcohol had affected me. I've done research on the healing process and it can take many months to get back to a real normal state. Hang in there...One thing I do is to read my old journal entries to remind myself of just how bad it was and how repetitive the cycle was - just endless suffering.
At 46 and 95 we are still in the early weeks of recovery. I never had the early energy other people say @ day 10. I got my first +8 hours sleep on night 48...So in my book day 46 is still way up the body (at least my body) needs more than that...The reports that I believe in are from people with +1 year saying it is indeed better. I do not buy short-term-super-results reports. But that is just me...I would suggest to be patient and give it some time. We know already that drinking will not make life better in the long term...Best of luck!
My god I slept so much in early sobriety. ..I figure though I spent years not sleeping just passing out so I reckoned it was fair enough...I can't guess how log for you but for me it was a while before things evened out. ..Hang in there it gets totally better. 
I'm still so tired! But it's very slowly improving. I just do my best to listen to my body and if that means I spend a year going to bed at 8pm so be it. :) I have noticed a huge uptick in vivid dreams that I remember really clearly so I assume my brain is still working on clearing out the cobwebs. 
I'm at 24 days woo hoo! and I too just became a bit wiped out this past week. First 2 weeks good energy levels could workout a bit and felt good. Then energy gone. The past 2 nights I've been going to be very early and sleeping 9 hours. ..A couple years ago I went 18 months without drinking. Don't recall the low energy levels or early days so much though. The one thing I do recall is that the longer you stay sober the better it gets! I seriously recall just sitting at my desk at work and feeling super super good clear headed and having so much energy I had to workout to burn it off. So for me at least the energy does come at some point. I'm sure its different with each of us. 
Are you sure it's being sober related?..If you don't sleep well eat unhealthily etc you will also feel like that..Maybe your body is busy fixing itself? I've heard that a liver can go from almost poisoned to fully healthy in 3-6 months as it's the only organ in the body capable of fixing itself.
My energy has been all over the place. I went from can't sleep to can't get enough sleep wanting to sloth around on the couch all day to having energy to spare. It must even out sometime... I hope. I have found exercising helps some.
It took me a couple of months to get through the exhaustion. Hang in there you're healing!
I would say if u lack energy u could take a long walk in some nature. It could help. 
