-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rq81f/i_am_taking_my_life_back/

I don't know how many times I have started my day promising myself 'I am done drinking'...and then the day unfolds...and in the afternoon my resolve has crumbled and I fall right back in to the same alchy routine.   I am tired of this cycle tired of the self-loathing tired of passing out every night tired of hiding my drinking tired of looking and feeling so damn tired.  I recently found this hub and I have to say that it is a beautiful thing... I have never felt more NOT alone in my daily struggle with alcohol.  The stories of never being able to have just one drink of hiding alcohol around the house of making excuse after excuse of hitting rock-bottom -  they resonate so deeply within me.  Thank you guys.  I feel like my resolve has grown exponentially in the last couple of days.  I can do this.. I never wanted to label myself as an alcoholic because I didn't want to think that I could never drink again but I'm done tiptoeing on that slippery slope because I always fall.  I am an alcoholic and I am taking my life back.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a big and awesome step!  I couldn't move forward in my life until I came to the same conclusion.
You know your post sounds pretty much word for word what I could have written not too long ago...I hated that drinking held me back from a lot of what I loved in life...I hated being tired...I passed out more nights then fell asleep in the last couple months...I hid bottles constantly...I was tired of "quitting or cutting down 'someday'". It was always tomorrow or after the weekend or after I got through the holidays...Honestly this sub was what finally shoved me over the edge. I always kind of thought my exact situation was unique. But then I found there were thousands that rationalized just like I did. ..&gt; I never wanted to label myself as an alcoholic because I didn't want to think that I could never drink again..I had this thought if not consciously then subconsciously for years. But....I couldn't keep believing it anymore. ..So welcome and let us know if you need anything.
You made the right choice.  Great job!  I was right there with you a year ago. Last year at this time I was at the bottom of a pit with no way out.   But there was a way out it was there all along and I never saw it.   Nowadays I feel better and better.  You can do it! 
[deleted]
Oh my the vicious cycle. It's so exhausting isn't it? I know that I am an alcoholic and even then thinking about never drinking again is really overwhelming. What's working right now is promising myself that I won't drink TODAY. I'll worry about tomorrow when it comes.  I'm glad you're here :)
I start every day by saying "today is going to be a beautiful sober day" 
You will be given your life back too. If there's any advice I can give it is: be patient. Alcohol isn't a choice anymore. Sometimes you're just going to have to wait things out. Sometimes you're going to have to invent new ways of dealing with life. But that can be part of the fun of it if you let it. I think that's why people talk about hobbies gym etc. these are things that happen naturally when you begin taking your life back.
Welcome to the community and congrats on taking the first step.
Just chiming in to say like the rest of you that reading this post made me think it could have been me writing it. ..Come on in! The water is nice here. 
I too am amazed with how many of my habits are reflected in the stories here. it is truly comforting and inspiring. feeling strong and confident enough today to have my badge flip to "2" overnight. thanks for posting.
Man this is my story!..I had to stop worrying about 'never drinking again.'  That thinking just fucked me up.  So much easier for me to think "I just won't drink today."  And before you know it you've strung together a bunch of todays.
