-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rujlp/what_do_you_guys_think_of_harm_reduction_and/

Hi forum..I'm not asking for myself as I would like to be abstinent from all mood-altering chemicals except for caffeine (never had an abuse problem with caffeine despite 15 years of use.)  I am currently struggling with a nicotine addiction which I am consciously using as a crutch of sorts...I've been reading a lot about these two approaches lately just because I've been reading a lot about addiction in general lately...To me these two approaches seem really sad.  To me when professionals promote the harm reduction and moderation management approaches it sounds to me like they are saying: "Oh darn I guess you really cannot be sober you poor suffering addict you.  I guess we will just have to content ourselves with lowering the level of harm you might do and downgrading the negative affects of your addiction as much as possible because we really can't see that you can get sober and be abstinent."..Of course that's not how they encourage these approaches that's not what these professionals say exactly. That's what I read and hear though...I think it's because if someone is needing to engage in harm-reduction strategies or actively work hard to moderate then it would seem to me that that in and of itself points to a problem. People who abuse substances but do not have addiction problems seem to be able to reduce harm or moderate of their own accord without much struggle or effort...So if someone is needing to exert a lot of effort to implement either of these strategies that to me points to a problem. The problem as far as I am concerned is best solved with sobriety.  Yes I'm sure people could reduce harm or learn to continually struggle with moderation with repeated slip-ups and falls all along the way but why should this be the goal? Why?..To me it seems like saying: "Oh we cannot reach the best possible outcome with this particular individual so we will have to settle for second-best." But isn't that really sad to you guys? It's like saying to a terminally ill patient: "Let's just make you as comfortable as possible from now on shall we? It's sad I think. The goal seems to be to accept a somewhat less fulfilling and rewarding life for some people. ..What do you think?
----------immediate responses--------

From my experience people who moderate drinking successfully do so naturally not with a disciplined regime. That isn't to say it can't happen but I haven't witnessed it. All of the people I knew who accomplished it first took a prolonged break from drinking usually between 5-10 years.  I tried Moderation Management for a while but it was just too much work. ..On the other hand I think a lot of people would benefit from taking a break from drinking to reassess their relationship with alcohol and take time to work on their lives. I think many people are too quickly steered in the direction of being declared an alcoholic for life rather than encourage to take a break and figure out who they are. 
I think that different approaches are important and useful. What works for one person doesn't for another. You have to start where the person/patient is. 
&gt;Oh darn I guess you really cannot be sober you poor suffering addict you. I guess we will just have to content ourselves with lowering the level of harm you might do and downgrading the negative affects of your addiction as much as possible because we really can't see that you can get sober and be abstinent."..I practice harm reduction...Giving needles to someone who already has drugs and just wants safety is the true meaning behind being client-centered...I cannot and will not force anyone to change without their consent...What's wrong with second best? ..Also abstinence is a form of harm reduction...Work with people in drug and alcohol addiction and you'll see the merit of harm reduction.
I tried moderation management. The moderation management site has a chart where everyone can check in and post how many drinks they had that day. The chart speaks for itself. 
The Sinclair Method works for some people but don't say anything too positive about moderation around this sub.
