-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rwdhr/another_relapse/

I messed up again last night. I've put my family friends and girlfriend through so much with my drinking over the years. I fear this might be my last chance to get sober without forever losing the relationships I care about.  .  .I'm worried my job might be a trigger. I deal with getting help for violent addicts on a daily basis and I worry that it has increased my stress and helped contribute to my drinking. I'm scared that this will continue to be a negative influence in my life and I feel like I can't afford to just up and quit. I've tried to moderate my drinking for years and it usually works but every now and again I slip and just get blitzed and make an ass out of myself like last night.  .  .I left work at the same time as some coworkers who were going out for drinks and decided to join them. When everyone was ready to leave I was not and went to meet my brother for more drinks at another bar within walking distance. I left my car downtown so I'm glad that I had the foresight to not drive which I have been good about. I had more drinks at 3 different bars with my brother and his girlfriend and proceeded to get shitty drunk. He called a friend to give us a safe ride home but I know that I was out of control and being a jerk. I made it home safe until I fell on my front porch and busted my lip open. My brother helped me get inside and wiped the blood up and off me. I called my girlfriend who was out with one of her friends whose parent had just died. I drug her away from that time and cut into her supporting one of her close friends. She came home to me being sprawled out on the couch drunk and the house a mess. Understandably she was pretty angry with me. I love this woman to death but I think that she is getting tired of dealing with my shit which almost exclusively stems from drinking problems. I've tried to manage my drinking for years but it is time now to completely stop. I can't continue to put the people I care about through this nightmare of always wondering when I will self-destruct next. When I was apologizing this morning and told her I loved her she asked if I love her more than alcohol. I know the answer is obvious but if she feels that way it is pretty obvious that my drinking has gotten or been serious for awhile now.  .  .I'm scared right now. Scared of isolating myself from family and friends. Scared of losing the best woman I've ever known in my life. Scared that my job might be a trigger for my drinking. Scared I will hurt myself or others as a result of my selfish desire to catch a buzz and get drunk. I hope that I haven't already done too much damage to all these relationships. Alcohol shouldn't have this power over me to destroy or damage everything I care about but it does.  .  .I need help. I can't do this again. I'm hoping this will be the first sober day of the rest of my life. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. I will join in you in not drinking today.
There is a quote from Aeschylus that "wisdom comes through suffering."  I know I had to suffer a great deal to get to this point in my life (to quote a guy from a meeting "I *earned* my chair at this table.")  Accordingly I will join you and /u/croll in not drinking today.  
&gt;she asked if I love her more than alcohol. I know the answer is obvious..I would think about this some more. I know there came a point in my drinking when I realized I loved alcohol more than I loved my husband. More than I loved myself. More than I loved anything in the world. That was a very scary realization.
I did a lot of suffering and I torched nearly everything that mattered to me--but that did not get me sober.  What got me sober was the willingness to [follow directions.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) Simple sober actions over a sustained period of time changed every thing.  
Hey man. Glad you're back. I'm on my phone so sorry if I missed this but what's your longest streak? If your job is a sincere trigger have you thought about seeking employment elsewhere? ..I hope you find success in this relapse. I don't mean to sound like a dick but stressful job or not you gotta be the one to say no to the bottle. Life won't stop being stressful; it won't be one smooth ride. It is up to each and every single one of us to make the decision not to drink for better or for worse. I won't drink with you today either. 
I'm glad you're back.  I definitely relate to a lot of your story.  I won't drink with you today!
I relapsed last night too man I know how you feel.
Even after 6 years of sobriety I don't trust myself with even a drop of alcohol. It's not the FEAR of losing to the temptation its the CERTAINTY of it. I have accepted long ago that I am not strong enough to fight it that if I drink now hell will come shortly after. I don't think lasting sobriety is possible with the circumstances that you are in right now.  You need serious planning here.  Maybe you and your girlfriend can sit and plan together.  She can help you stay on track. ..edited: Consider counseling and therapy for managing your stress. Are your coworkers/close friends aware of your drinking problem?  It's great if outside influences are helping you with your recovery...Commit to your plan and take action. As always we're here if you need to talk...
