-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s3x7c/relapsed_after_a_good_period_of_recovery_need_to/

Greetings... so I don't really know what direction I'm going in with this post but I need to tell somebody so you guys have been chosen until I can make a trip to town to go cry to my homegroup.. I relapsed. Tonight is day #1 after a bender that lasted a few weeks and all I can really do is cry that I'm going through this again. I'm too shaky and nervous to make a very good post so sorry for that. I'm gonna call my sponsor tomorrow and have a talk with him about it all and do the walk of shame to pick up a new white chip sometime in the next few days when I get to feeling better. I'm just ashamed of falling back down I was having a good ol time chairing meetings and and handing out chips like Halloween candy and seeing the glow in everybody and now I've gotta walk back in and admit it and start over. I know it's common to feel like I've let everybody down but it still feels just awful. I know it's not the end of the world and it will pass but it's been so long that I've forgetten how to deal with it and just how bad it really does feel. But anyways thanks for reading and if I can offer any words to any newcomer who might be reading this... it DOES pass it's not just a saying.. but damn it can't pass quickly enough
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back and don't give up...I distinctly recall an AA meeting where the chairperson began the meeting by plunking down a grocery bag full of chips.  They were the chairpersons collection of 24 hour chips from so many "failures"...until they finally got tired of the rollercoaster and sobriety stuck.  They now have 8 years solid sober time after many years of struggling.  ..Glad you are going to call your sponsor...and don't think of it as the "walk of shame" to admit you need to start with 24 hours and need support.  What would truly be a shame would be if you stayed out there bingeing and someday the old sponsor and recovery friends of yours had to attend your funeral.  THAT would be a shame and yet it happens sometimes.  You are coming back...that is important.  
Welcome /u/Chickenwingg --there are a number of us re-treads on r/stopdrinking but we can make it back if we go back to basics and follow directions.  We were sober before so we have already demonstrated we [know how to follow directions.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
[removed]
I like that saying "There is no shame we're all the same."  How true it is.  Honestly if people were perfect at AA then no one else would go.  In fact one new fellow said that he didn't speak at a meeting because no one had relapsed and he felt so terrible because he had drunk the night before.  ..We're alcoholics and speaking for myself I don't know how many times I've relapsed but these 7 weeks have been my best time sober to date since I started drinking way back.  You are sober now for 24 hours - that is great and congratulations!  You could have been drinking for the next few years but you stopped. :)
The important thing isn't that you relapsed; the important thing is that you're coming back. Think of it as a mission from "out there" to report to the group that things aren't any better "out there." By coming back and reporting you're helping others. You're expressing the humbleness that is such a central principle to the program. You are very potentially saving lives. Thank you for doing that and for posting. You really helped me today. All best.
I feel your pain-drank all weekend and have had to reset my badge multiple times. ..All we can do is resolve not to drink today and keep going. Best of luck-I'm right there with you!
