-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s5826/time_for_change/

I woke up this morning to get ready for work and nearly passed out as I stood up.  That panicked wave then crashed into me as fragmented memories began to flood back into my head from last night.  Lately for no reason at all I will sneak off to the bar and chug vodka from the bottle.  I don't even pay attention to how much I am having and before I know it I'm blackout drunk...I looked at my girlfriend and she gave me a look that made my heart sink.  She told me that she was too exhausted to bother even yelling at me or telling me I need to get it together.  In other words she has basically given up on the notion that I can be trusted to control my drinking.  For the first time it really felt like she was going to leave and I now realize how desperately I need to turn my life around.  ..Starting at a very early age I was always drinking to get drunk.  The pattern continued through college and I was known as that guy who could out chug anyone else.  I enjoyed getting drunk but never felt the urge to and never dared get drunk on a weeknight.  ..That all shifted after my long term relationship fell apart in 2011.  Being young and dumb I struggled to identify why my relationship crumbled and how I could go about recovering.  I went into a deep spiral of depression and was put on medication.  My drinking did not jump up all at once but instead slowly crept up without me really noticing...However I lost all control.  I began stealing bottles of wine from my parents hiding the bottles out in the woods or driving to dumpsters to get rid of empties without being seen.  I was hungover every day quit my job and ended up moving across the country to try and run from my anxiety.  ..Ever since that first round of depression I continuously follow the same pattern.  I will tell myself I am going to get it under control and get back into shape.  I eat well exercise and limit myself to one drink a day.  But then I take a cheat day and skip the gym I grab a burger from McDonald's and I drink a couple of beers.  Next thing I know I am consistently blacking out night after night...Somehow throughout all of this I convinced the most amazing woman to be my girlfriend.  We used to go out to bars and be crazy but now that we live together she is seeing just how drunk I used to get by myself.  I'm truly scared that I am going to do irreversible damage to both myself and her emotional self and I am tired of fighting against drinking.  ..I realize now that I am not just an alcoholic.  I cannot stand being sober.  I'm addicted to not dealing with life not seeing things through not being accountable.  I always let things slip and never truly commit.  ..Today I am putting down alcohol as the first step to learning how to deal with my own personality and my own soul.  I plan on marrying this woman but there is no way she will say yes unless I learn to be happy with myself. ..It's going to be a tough road ahead.  We are going to a college tailgate next weekend to see all of her old college friends.  They all know and expect me to drink heavily just like I used to but I am going to have to stay sober...Any words of advice as to how to best handle this tailgate would be appreciated.  This seems like an amazing community and I look forward to actually committing to staying sober this time around.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

My first advice would be sign up for a badge on this subreddit - I was terrified to do it because I thought that would make this "real" for me then I would have to actually commit and stop drinking. It has become real and it's fantastic. The badge keeps me loyal even though it's just an intangible sticker on the internet. Knowing that I'd have to reset my badge if I drank helps me stick to my guns
Welcome /u/awe_sum_sauce to r/stopdrinking.  I was able to stop drinking and get sober by doing [these simple actions at a post called the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) But seriously I wasn't able to stop drinking and continue (at least initially) to hang out at drinking events or with drinking pals.  So what would I do?  I wouldn't go.
Obviously the easiest way to handle this is to somehow get out of going to the thing entirely. If that's for some reason not an option there's always the tried and true method of making up bullshit excuses. You could tell them you're getting over a sinus infection and you can't drink while on the antibiotics they gave you. If you're not sure there will be non-alcoholic options available you should also probably plan on bringing something else to drink besides water just for your own benefit.
