-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sdw31/drinking_not_drinking_and_why_i_dont_miss_my_old/

Hi..I've been really struggling with cravings to relapse lately so I thought I'd take a few minutes and write a reminder of why I'm doing this. Maybe it will help others...- No more "white hot shame" when others tell me what I did while drunk.- No more "100 euro nights" where I am buying drinks staying out too late calling taxis waking up hungover/miserable/calling out of work sick (which then results in a pay cut of daily pay) .- Since most of the people I drank with were coworkers there's no more stupid late-night angry drunken conversations about work and shit that doesn't actually matter..- Additionally this means I'm no longer part of the "gossip rumor mill" that seems to occur more heavily with the drinking crowd (who clearly have no real lives of their own.).- Unsurprisingly my company throws monthly bi-annual and annual parties and I also feel no temptation to attend those either. Regardless of relapses I've avoided most of them for several years now and consequently avoided the associated debauchery and hangovers. .- No more lying to myself about how I can "control/moderate" my drinking when in reality most nights it was more than 1-2 beers more like 3-4 sometimes there was vodka shots; either way I'd always stay up too late and feel like shit the next day and was having issues controlling spending / controlling or influencing other problem areas of my life...So that's probably just about it -- I miss absolutely nothing about being at the bar with those people who used to upset me so frequently and leave me feeling like I needed to drink even more...
----------immediate responses--------

This is a really good way to do it. I got to the point where the "pro's of drinking list" was so short and stupid it was like some bad joke. But the "con's of drinking list" never seemed to end.
I definitely do not miss the morning or two after remorse.
Good work...Here's my shower thought for this morning... ..If I didn't sleep well last night I'm just tired. My skull isn't pounding my eyes aren't bleeding my stomach isn't heaving my bowels aren't churning. I'm just tired. No big deal.
I'm glad you posted this I'm struggling with really strong cravings recently too and this helped me get some perspective again.
