-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3spuos/being_sober_in_the_tech_industry/

I switched careers to the tech industry from the food industry this year. It's been an amazing story of preservation determination balls to the wall insane insistence I have a better life. ..Bully for me.  ..  Observing my boyfriend's week to week (he's a developer at a major social media site in nyc) I'd always known the tech industry rivals the food industry in terms of abuse. Creative people I guess. For example at my boyfriend's office they have two bars. I don't mean to say that the building he works in has two bars I mean that the company has taps bottles you name it kicking around in gorgeous displays for free consumption at any point.  Some of his Co workers only go home to sleep they spend so much time there. Parties are always top shelf open bar all night affairs. I'd joke that the reason it's like that is because these people spent years being bullied for being 'nerds' in high school and now make six figures and very literally shape the way you and I see and interact with the Internet and our various devices. That is one fuck of a power trip. ..Don't get me wrong everyone here is so nice. Open with technology and knowledge the more everyone knows the more we as a society advance. But I think they get high on it anyway. ..I guess I'm just bitter tonight. I left work at 5 because everyone was cracking beers (that are stocked free in the fridge. As some one who's struggled with money and binging this combination always blows my mind) and my shoulders arms and wrists hurt from coding. I'd love a beer. I'm not gonna have a beer. Because the thing of it is I'm going out to dinner with my boyfriend tonight. Normally I'd funnel down two or maybe even three bottles if I thought I could get away with it. That way I could have two or three drinks with the boyfriend while we're out. I'm always in search of this mythical level of drunk that I'm always positive is just *one* more drink away.  There is no next level. If I could just get that into my head I wouldn't have a problem. ..No one at work knows I Don't Drink and I'm not all that sure I'm going to tell them. If someone asks I think I'll just say that even a little tends to really upset my stomach. You know that's not really a lie. Sort of like how 'it's at least 5 miles at California ' is a true statement. Sorry for the rant. I'll be fine. The cravings already on the way out. Sigh. Be well friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;always in search of this mythical level of drunk that I'm always positive is just one more drink away..That describes how I used to drink to a tee. Congrats on your new career direction and on 11 days sober! I think you made a great choice today :)
Thanks for posting tonight. I'm really frugally-minded so the thought of needing to pass up free alcohol at the beginning was daunting. Luckily I've gotten to the point where the value proposition is very clear: that "free" beer could lead me back to drinking myself out of a job a relationship and my sanity (again). Not really "free" for me at least. What I've gotten out of being sober I wouldn't trade for a lifetime of free booze. That sounds super corny actually having typed it out but it's absolutely true. ..&gt;No one at work knows I Don't Drink and I'm not all that sure I'm going to tell them. If someone asks I think I'll just say that even a little tends to really upset my stomach. ..I was thinking about that a lot the other month when I was on a business trip. I'd been at my company since shortly after I got sober but I don't discuss recovery with civilians unless there is good cause so no one I work with knows I am a recovering alcoholic. ..There was a big dinner at a tequila bar with an open tab. I wasn't worried about drinking but over and over I had played out the scenario of what would happen if someone asked me about it. In the end I ordered an iced tea and no one mentioned it. ..I *did* feel fantastic the next morning while some of my coworkers were obviously hungover. I know I would have been one of them. ..Actually scratch that. There is no way I would be even holding down this job if I were still drinking. ..Anyway hope you have a great weekend. Take a minute to just breath and appreciate the moment. 
I work in tech and had to come clean to my coworkers about not drinking anymore. I didn't provide a reason beyond health problems which was no lie. It took a few reminders but the fact finally took hold and I don't get badgered to "have one" with the team. As far as they are concerned I cannot drink PERIOD...The company I work for has plenty of opportunities for free drinking and although it usually makes me a little jealous I choose not to partake. It's difficult in a way because I feel like I'm missing out on opportunities to socialize with my coworkers but part of the reason I had to quit drinking was to get my head out of my ass and try to reorient my career in the right direction. A combination of alcohol and weed was my ticket to a decade and a half of career stagnancy and I'm just now starting to feel like I can slowly start moving in the right direction again a few promotions behind my peers who are my age. The software development field has very little patience for people who can't continue to learn and keep up with the ever changing technical landscape...Sometimes if I feel I have the mental energy to participate I'll have a non-alcoholic beverage and hang out for a bit but I never stay very long because I'm aware of how quickly my willpower can erode when around others who are drinking...It's worth it to not have to deal with hangovers and the puffy faced stoopid feeling I used to have the next day. Even if the work related socializing ended at a reasonable hour I'd keep on drinking usually at home by myself.
Hey! I'm in an extremely similar position as you. ..When I was 6 months sober I got a new job at a high tech company. Amazing offices free lunches people skateboarding around and constant nerf fights and like unlimited free alcohol. Beer on tap 24/7 wine all over hard liquor etc. Everyone who works there is between the ages of 22 - 40 pretty much. Everyone pretty much lives there except to sleep everyone is BFF and pretty much everyone drinks. ..Its really hard not to drink at a place like this especially when you're new and trying to fit in. Good on you for now! I know that feeling of jealously/bitterness as they all start drinking at the end of the day on Friday. The stress of worrying about them asking me if I want a drink/why I don't drink feeling lame for not feeling like they won't like you as much. ..For me I went back to drinking a month after starting there. Nothing made my new coworkers like me less than seeing me in that blackout state. I regret giving into the craving. What I thought was going to help me socialize with them and make them like/accept me made them look down on me. I also went back to my shitty calling in sick for work too often self which made them dislike me more. ..Anyway stay strong! Leave work early on Fridays if need be. You can have a ton of fun at your company without drinking. They're all smart people. They don't give a fuck if you're drinking or not thats all in your head (assuming this is something you worry about). They'll respect you more and see you as a better employee. .
I have a sizeable pool of experience with the tech industry coast to coast and a variety of focuses and company cultures. My experience is that while alcohol is around the drinking culture is less so. People talk about it but there is little action. I say this having been frustrated so many times going to parties only to realize for people that meant two or three beers (like wtf folks... Open bar! Let guzzle... And this is why I'm here). Note that I'm talking about the actual tech contingency here - sales marketing etc... are different. I've also found that there is usually an equal number of people that abstain entirely. ..The awesome thing about the industry in my opinion is that being an individual is valued quite highly. People do all sorts of weird and atypical stuff - even if your sobriety is not the norm wear it proudly and be comfortable it'll show. 
If you can see it for what it is - that the beers are there so that people will stay there longer - well being sober kind of is an advantage isn't it? ..Not that it isn't hard to be around. Is there somewhere else you could go when people start drinking like a conference room or even a coffee shop nearby? If it's negatively affecting your ability to do your job you could always reach out to HR or whoever serves in that capacity.
Can certainly relate to this - and great work staying strong...I now am the Director of a tech company and I am the one organising the beers and free drinks! I do also try and incorporate other activities but drinking is so synonymous with tech it's tricky.
