-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3swjmf/a_question_for_all_of_us/

Who here finds that he or she is more honest and open about their struggles with alcoholism on this anonymous site than they are with the one or two people in their lives with whom they are supposed to be the closest?..**This is not a post to judge.**..One of the hardest things for me and recovery is to be completely open and honest with my wife.  During my active alcoholic days I could literally be more open with relative strangers than I could with the people in my life who were supposed to be the closest to me.  I think my insecurities made it much easier to open up to people who I didn't really know and only show them the parts of me I wanted them to see.  My wife on the other hand saw everything.  Therefore my default mode with her was to lie and hide...During recovery it was very easy to go back to the default mode time and time again.  I really had to work hard to learn to open up and share with her the things I could easily share on SD or at an AA meeting.  In fact I am still working on that...I will say however the more open and honest I am with the real people in my life the better that life always seems to get...Good luck.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree it is a lot easier to share here than in my personal life. 
[removed]
My sponsee had a wife who was very anti AA and I saw the toll it took on him. I am 100 percent honest with my wife about where my head is at and what I need from her. Honesty is one of the pillars of my recovery and for me it starts at home.
Honestly it is easier to share here anonymously and build something real than to tell the people who are close to me early on in recovery and then fail and have to face them. Now that I am firmly in recovery and my desire to drink is nearly zero I can be open with my friends and family and not be afraid of letting them down because of a relapse. I don't have to face all of you in person and feel the guilt and shame. What is so great about SD is the trust and honestly system. I could lie about the number of days I've been sober and no one would know but I don't and I hope that no one else does either. We all support each other though the ups and downs and that is what this sub is for. Be true to yourself first and others will support you...
I've been relatively open with the people in my life that I consider close. For example back in May I told my mom about the true extent of my consumption and my inability to say no (she's still unconvinced I'm an alcoholic but she's also had like five beers her whole life and didn't realize people could actually blackout hahahaha). ..That said I've definitely shared more here. Part of it is that I don't generally open up to people unless it's to help by sharing my experiences and there haven't been a lot of need or opportunity for me to open up. Whereas here I feel ok coming to actively open up because we're all working towards similar goals and for similar reasons. I guess here I feel like my sharing has a place whereas randomly telling my friends about my drinking problems seems out of place (but for example I've offered to share with a relative of one of my best friends because they've been having issues with their drinking). 
The sets of info that I share here and IRL are non-overlapping. Some things I omit here for the sake of career and marriage privacy. Some things I omit from AA because of fear of exclusion. Some things I omit from conversations with friends and family because of shame. I'm not sure I could ever be completely honest with any group or person. That's why it's vital to me to have so many outlets and avenues for connection in recovery.
I think there is a problem in being open and honest at least in early recovery with an SO and even close friends when we know what we are "hiding" or "keeping secret" is hurtful to them.  And yet we are as they say in AA as sick as our secrets.  I will never forget that day that I honestly told my wife about my criminal tax predicament and the pending troubles to come as I perceived them.  That honest and terrifying discussion was probably what saved our relationship--after all the pain in our relationship the hurts and betrayals we rediscovered love and vulnerability and meaning.  So yes the capacity to be honest needs to extend to our closest friends and family--but be careful because we can use this idea of honesty to do harm we shouldn't do.  In my view we need to get a confidant in recovery (a sponsor or professional counselor first)--and proceed deliberately always hard on ourselves and easy on others.
