-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3t04ww/no_more_missed_opportunities/

A month ago I met someone. I don't believe in love at first sight but I'm certainly smitten. I can't seem to figure her out and that's incredibly exciting! Because of my relationship with alcohol I won't get the chance to try...The me of a year ago 6 months ago was struggling with drinking. At the time he thought it wasn't really a big problem but what I've learned since is that alcoholism is a progressive illness unless you actively fight it it won't get better only worse...The me of a year ago 6 months ago was thinner happier and a better person to be around. He had his flaws drinking too much was one of them but he thought they'd sort themselves out. They didn't...A month ago I met someone. I've met her twice more in group settings since then and each time have drunk too much and frankly shown why no-one should want to be around me...The me of 6 months ago a year ago feeling more confident and without the nagging doubt that he'd just drag everyone around him down would have asked her out would have put himself out there and at least had a shot of seeing where it led...The me of today is an overweight tired-looking going-nowhere mess. I've tried to stop drinking in the past but with little success. This girl is my wakeup call but not in the creepy  I've just met her and she must be the one  way. I don't believe that. What I realise now is how much alcohol has robbed me of the ability to even take a chance...This morning I poured all of the alcohol in the house down the drain. I'm done drinking alone 3-4 nights a week piling on weight and constantly battling either a hangover or intense cravings...I'm not quitting for her but for what she represents. The missed opportunities that I deserve the chance to at least put myself forward for. If I'd quit a year ago 6 months ago 3 months ago 2 months ago I might have felt confident enough and ready to pursue someone I'm interested in when it came around this time...The next time I meet someone that knocks me off my feet like she has I will at least be in a position to ask her out. For all my flaws I owe myself that much..
----------immediate responses--------

Onwards and upwards my friend. Yes. With you all the way !!
If you extend that thought to pretty much everything--that alcohol limits our basic ability to experience life as a human being--I'm right with you. The right and ability to *pursue* happiness. ..Glad you're here.
This is a new one to me but hey! Whatever motivates you! Or rather I like that you are not going after a singular event or person but after a principle. That will (theoretically) be an easier ideal to hold on to in my opinion. ..Good luck!
