-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3t0zt3/24_hours/

So this is my "hi all" post to this sub. ..I've been on another 5 day bender since last Wednesday. Sunday I finally decided to try and get actually sober for good. I still drank around 6-7 pints because I was afraid of withdrawal. Today I'm finally 24 hours sober...Still have the incredible urge to have a drink just to stop the effects. Chills anxiety mind racing yesterday was a night with 0 hours of sleep indigestion blood pressure up you know the drill. I've tried to taper off before and I know 1 beer will lead to 20 so I'm struggling but have made the decision to not have a single drink for another 24 hours and take it from there...I don't think I'm able to drink moderately ever again so I will get completely sober but it's an intimidating thought and I'm not 100% sure I can do it forever...Anyway hi all and hope I'm here for good. Can't wait for the 1 week badge!.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been sober for over four years yet I can't say that I will be sober forever either. I am pretty convinced that I want too my life got so much better when I kicked the booze. Rather than worry about forever what many of us do is look at it from the perspective of one day at a time. I am sure I will go to bed sober tonight and tomorrow is another day. ..Join us in staying sober today. The way many get traction is by doing what our friend /u/coolcrosby calls the baby steps.You can find that as well as a lot of other great resources in the sidebar. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm with you. Time to put an end to irresponsible behaviour and broken promises. 
Oh I'm 27 and have been drinking for ~10 years. It started with college parties weekends were so much fun hanging out with friends partying and it never really went away. .Nowadays it's usually - have a drink on Wed before I know I'm blind drunk show up to work with a hangover wait for the evening to get drunk again miss Friday's work drink entire weekend passing out either after a pub crawl or mindless Youtube/Reddit session. If it's especially bad miss work in Mon/Tue...I have a girlfriend who for some reason is still with me I really don't know how she has put up with all my shit. I've lost countless of wallets couple of phones injured myself accidentally while doing stupid things have had 24hour long blackouts her cleaning up my puke and whatnot...I feel really ashamed and want to do it not only for myself but also for her and our future before it's too late.
Fuck drinking indeed.
&gt; Still have the incredible urge to have a drink just to stop the effects. Chills anxiety mind racing yesterday was a night with 0 hours of sleep indigestion blood pressure up you know the drill...Slipped up for a few months. Back at day 1 also. I'm right there with you bud. Hang in there.
