-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tbp8i/i_just_need_some_help/

Hi guys. I've been a lurker on this sub for quite a while as pretty much everyone in my family has struggled with depression and alcoholism. I love drinking. I really LOVE drinking. Beer wine whiskey all of it. The highlight of my day is coming home watching TV and drinking as much as I can until I go to sleep. I never thought I would be this way. I have a few friends but I still live with my dad and his new wife (my parents divorced in 2012). I don't like to do much anymore I'd rather be at home drinking and lying around. As I type this I am extremely hungover sitting in my university's library with the same sad lonely ashamed feeling I have every day. Drinking is my favorite thing in the world and it's because of this I think it's time to stop. But I don't know how. All my friends drink. Alcohol is everywhere. I buy it every day...I suppose I should give a little bit of background about myself. I'm a 22 y/o male who lives in Montana where I was born and raised. Drinking is a rite of passage here. Tailgating floating rivers drinking always seems accompany anything. I was always told what a smart person I am how I'm gonna succeed in anything I do so on and so forth. I suppose I've always been under a lot of stress to succeed because of this. I've struggled with anxiety and depressions for as long as I can remember. I currently take medication for these but I use alcohol as my main crutch. I guess I'm at a weird point in my life. I am a college graduate with a bachelor's degree and after I graduated in May I returned for one more semester to complete a second bachelor's and help with grading a class. I'm not failing but I feel overwhelmed and ashamed because I've missed a lot of classes and am behind on my coursework even though finals are in mid-December. My grades aren't what I'm used to. I really have tried to coach myself that this one semester is a small slice of the pie in the grand scheme of my life but it's hard to imagine the next phase after I'm done with school in December. I don't really know where I want to go what I want to do where I want to live etc. All I know is I binge drink every day and have been doing so for the past 6ish months even though my looks are fading I've grown a beer belly I have stretch marks and baggy eyes my brain is a scrambled mess deadlines are looming and I have that fear of failing that I've just gotten used to. I haven't been on a date or intimate with someone in 3 years and I think I don't think I'm attractive...I know I have pretty much my whole life ahead of me still but I feel that my depression and using drinking to cope will be a problem down the road once I finally move out and leave school. I've been in and out of counseling for years but I'm just lost. I've contemplated suicide for years. I'm only 22 but I don't know how to feel better about my situation. I know there's so much more to see but I'm still concerned even when I'm out in the real world that I'll feel this way and continue to kill my liver and drain my wallet. I just feel lost. I don't know if I should go back to counseling or not. Alcohol is my best friend and my worst enemy. I don't think I should feel this way at 22. I don't know if I should cut down or quit altogether. I know for a fact that I'm not the kind of person who can have just one drink I need to have the whole lot. I don't know if I need counseling or treatment or whatever but any advice is appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I know for a fact that I'm not the kind of person who can have just one drink I need to have the whole lot. ..This is how I was. There's a saying:..&gt;One is too many; a thousand not enough. ..This I learned is a sign of alcoholism. I have the disease and cannot safely drink at all. Going back to counseling sounds like a wise idea. Rehab therapy and AA gave me a new way of life. Alcohol was not my friend but I know what you mean when you say it's yours. It also causes depression. My best suggestion is rehab or outpatient treatment AA and counseling because that's what gave me freedom and sanity.Maybe it would do the same for you...I hope you continue to reach out and that you find the support you need. ....
You're 22 and you have your whole life in front of you. You have a college degree and the self-awareness to know that parts of your life aren't working...You're doing ok. I mean it. Beating yourself up so much won't help...I want to talk about this though:..&gt;Alcohol is my best friend and my worst enemy.  ..That's not true. It sounds poetic and nice but it is flat out not true. If you are on this subreddit and you are having the problems you are describing alcohol is not your friend. It's like a woman whose husband beats her but who still says she loves him...Alcohol is *not* your friend. Your friends don't kill your liver or drain your wallet. Your friends don't make you feel lost...I drank for years and in retrospect I realize it was to avoid life because I was afraid of life. The messed up thing about doing that is that alcohol made every part of my life way harder than it needed to be. It fucked up my mental health and it made me feel like a weak person (not to mention the damage it did to my bank account)...I play music and alcohol is very much a part of that scene but nobody really cares that I quit like I was worried they would be. I got a few "Yeah right"s and "We'll see about that"s at first but that's about it. Most people were ambivalent at worst and supportive at best...So if you are looking for specific advice I can only say that my life has improved by more than I thought possible since I quit drinking. It didn't fix all my problems but it gave me the space to address them...I can also say that support is crucial. Be it here or AA or from family and friends (or some combination thereof) it's hard to do it alone. Know that the physical withdrawal symptoms are rough of at first but they're pretty much gone after a week or two and they are a small price to pay...And the first thing to do is not drink today. I *know* you can do that.
Hi Drew at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is where I started stopping.
For me the sad lonely and ashamed feeling ebbs away a little more each day that I wake up without a hangover. I've made several attempts at sobriety thus far - as evidenced by my badge my last relapse didn't end very long ago - and the pattern has held true every time. A large part of my drinking was done to escape the depression and anxiety that have plagued me since adolescence...Alcohol is a depressant in both the short and the long term (even if it acts like a stimulant while we pound the first beer or two making us feel good). It's been terrible for my mental health...I drank to fill a hole in me. I'd pour alcohol into that hole and while intoxicated I'd be able to ignore that hole for a good few hours. Socially anxious? Life's shit? Terrified that people wouldn't love me if they could see the worm I really am inside? Doesn't fucking matter when I'm full of beer. But each time I drank to fill the hole I made it that little bit deeper - and I've been at it for years. That hole is a lot of things and depression and anxiety are part of it. What I'm getting at is that ethanol as medication for mental health issues is really not great...Trying a stint of 30 days could be a good place to start. See how you feel - and you will feel which might be a little overwhelming if you're used to only feeling anything for as long as it takes to crack a beer and wash it away. Support through that is what we're here for though...Sorry for formatting on phone.
