-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tp262/going_to_meetings_and_making_excuses/

I've been on the fence about AA for about a year now despite people telling me I needed to go and experiencing the hell of relapse. Now I am convinced that I need to go to meetings and do the steps and get a sponsor and all that but I find myself making excuses for not going to this meeting or that meeting. At the time the reasons seem legitimate but I think (or know) I'm making excuses. I'm terrified of relapsing again and I know that I'm putting it on the line if I don't follow through with my recovery plan. For instance last night I was at a dinner party and they were talking about the smell of wine and I just planted my nose right in a glass and inhaled a massive waft of it even though wine was totally my drink and could have been a major trigger. I feel really stupid about it now and I'm worried that I'm inching toward drinking again. I sort of just wanted to tell somebody that I'm not doing my best in the hopes of becoming accountable to myself and possibly all you fine folks. If anyone has any helpful experiences to share about getting involved in AA I would love to hear them.
----------immediate responses--------

AA is not for everyone. It's just not. And it's not the only way to get sober but for me it's the best decision I've ever made to go into those rooms. A room full of other alcoholics sharing their experience strength and hope so that others may recover from alcoholism. You'll see you're far from alone and that a life sober is a life worth fighting for. Give it a try. You might love it.
I went to my first meeting last night and I was so so nervous. People were so kind though and some were nice enough to give me their numbers in case things got rough. You should try and check one out. I might go back tonight. I wish you the best! 
Have you made any connections? When I went to meetings I would make plans for a walk or a meal with someone before or after  the meeting. Also with all things just start with baby steps. Pick one meeting and decide to go no matter what. When I see myself making small progress it's easier to keep going. But if I tell myself "you need to go to 7 meetings this week" and then I skip one I'm much more likely to beat myself up and not go to any meetings at all. But if I set a small goal and I do it I'm much more likely to feel good about myself and to keep doing it...What's stopping you from going to meetings? Lately I've been skipping my meditation meetings just because I am tired. I needed to reassess my reasoning and change my mind set. I know I'll feel better if I go meditate so I just set a small goal allow myself to leave early etc then I feel so much better afterwards I want to go more.
One big lesson I learned from sobriety is I do what I planned to do regardless of how I feel about doing it. I go to the gym in the morning twice a week. Do I want to do it when I'm waking up at 6am? Not particularly. Do I do it anyway? Yup. That was the plan and I'm sticking to it. ..Same goes for meetings. I have specific meetings I go to on a regular basis. I often don't want to go but I do it anyway. And I feel good afterwards every single time. Getting a home group was really helpful with this because you are expected to be there and if you aren't people will notice and worry about you. You get to know people in your group too and you find yourself wondering where so-and-so is too. You are a team! You have accountability...Another good way to ensure you get to meetings is getting involved. Volunteer to set up or clean up. Now you really can't skip out who will make the coffee if you're not there? ..So yeah...just do it regardless of what your newly recovering brain thinks it wants. You can't trust that brain to lead you in the right direction yet...my brain got me into a very bad place when I let it have its way.
AA was what I needed - and it worked for me despite my having ALL the objections reservations issues that most of us have...It is a bit of culture shock but in a good way.  In the beginning it may seem incomprehensible - there is jargon - and if they are talking about much of anything other than the first step it may confuse you.  Beginners meeting are good so are women's meeting (if applicable).  It takes time - in essence we have to unlearn a whole lot - relax  listen   and when you do find points of identification rather than differences.....good luck  stay in touch
Seems to me the time has come to stop thinking and start doing. The old timers used to say "dress-up and show-up". Ever thought of the 90-90 sober package (90 meetings in 90 days)? It helped me a lot shutting my brain off. Boy did I need it!
I do this too. I'm always coming up with excuses about why I can't go to a meeting but I never actually leave a meeting feeling worse than I did before it. I always feel so much better!  My sponsor always says "take your feet and your head will follow". This always works for me.  One thing that really helps is making plans to meet people at meetings. If I know someone is counting on me it makes it harder to ditch the meeting. ..It's so funny that I have to trick myself into doing the things that make me feel better.  What's up with that brain?! 
I can understand why you would shy away- its a scary step.  I didn't want to do it either but I did because I was in such emotional pain.  And it's been wonderful and now I love it and so glad to be a part of the fellowship...In terms of accountability is there anyone you trust that you can "bookend" with? Bookending is telling someone what you are going to do then reconnecting when you've done it to confirm you took the action. I use this often to help me do stuff I'm scared of...Another option is to call your local central office - if you are willing to accept a 12-step call you might be able tohave a sober AA member pick you up or meet you at a meeting if that would help.
