-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tt3ey/im_so_happy_i_went_to_aa_last_night/

First Sunday in AGES that I don't have a massive incapacitating hangover. All thanks to the AA-meeting I went to last night. All the familiar faces I had not seen in over a year because I kept relapsing and was scared to go back. They all remembered me and seemed so happy to see me. And I was so happy to see them and that they were all sober and doing well. Although I was nervous as hell to go once I got home I actually cried from relief. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

What a great update /u/confessionbear91 --and an encouragement to others.  When I went back to an AA meeting after a 7 year relapse it was like a homecoming.  
Sunday mornings without a hangover and overwelming regrets to start your week with are the best! 
My smile is wide upon reading this post. I like to grab coffee and movies and dinner with my sober crew. We all listen and support one another in our lives. 
So awesome! This is my first hangover free Sunday and it's a reward all by itself. Way to go! 
We are happy to see people return.  ..A suggestion call one of them and say you were glad to be back make plans to meet up at another meeting.  Don't have a number?  Well get some at your next meeting....  Keep the ball rolling
[removed]
Way to go! And while you acknowledge that this is thanks to an AA meeting I would like to acknowledge that this is based on you deciding to do something other than drinking. So I would like to acknowledge you!
Recovery for me was being with other people who were Working to stay sober each and every day. There is no substitute for one drunk helping another. AA literally gave me a life worth living. Keep coming back!
This is awesome! Thanks!
What a great post to read on this Sunday morning. I am so happy that you had a great experience last night...Keep it up. You're awesome. 
awesome!
What a great story to read on a Sunday morning. If I may give one of those guys a call today and tell them the same. Then make a commitment to him that you'll be there next Saturday as well. Always works better for me when I'm not going on solo. Congrats and great ccourage!
Well done.  
I LOVE AA! I was scared to go back after i relapsed too but there really is no judgement and thankfully my sobriety doesnt hinge on what others think...when i raised my hand and told my group i relapsed and had to stop lying about my sobriety they all clapped. people came up to me after and reached out their hand.
Aw qqq11a41q
I'm really happy for you. Keep going!
