-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tt5fp/69_dude_dont_relapsed_kids_its_never_worth_it/

[69 Dudes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsC8zEgZEfo)..First off I just want to say I love this subreddit. It has helped me out at least a thousand times this year. I've been sober more this year than I've ever been since I was 14 years old. I am 36 years old now. ..Anyway I relapsed last week after knocking out 69 days sober (my record). The first month I felt unstoppable. I was going to meetings nearly every day. My actions spoke louder than my words and promises. I was listening to others and finding the similarities in their stories. I felt alive. Then my thinking changed and I lost interest in what my sponsor had to say. I started comparing myself to others..."I was never as bad as that." "I never fought with my wife hurt my kids got a DUI..." Then one day I heard someone say he felt sorry for people who didn't hit a deep bottom as it made it easy for him to know he was an alcoholic and that he never wanted to get back to that bottom. My alcoholic brain was searching for any validity that I wasn't "really" an alcoholic and I decided right then and there that I'd drink again...I was also having a LOT of issues with the higher power concept of AA especially with all the ugliness going on in the world right now. I would think thoughts like "if there really is a 'god' then why would he care about some drunk white guy from America while innocent children are being tortured and murdered every hour?" Again - this was just my brain telling me to drink. I don't have to solve all of life's philosophical/metaphysical quandaries. I just have to know that I AM AN ALCOHOLIC and a miserable one and that by checking in on here going to meetings and living a good life I can stay sober. It was a gradual process my relapse but I should have never have touched alcohol again. I knew I'd end up here telling my story again. It is never worth it to relapse. Don't let those unhealthy voices win. Don't let those thoughts compound into negative actions...Last week I knew I was going to a concert and I knew that I'd drink at the concert. I had sober connections I could have met up with at the show but I blew them off and got drunk. The first 10 minutes was fun. The rest of the night was night. I think back to seeing Phish sober a few months ago and that night was a million times better than my not-sober concert. That one night turned into drinking 5 nights in a row. ..Last night I made a list of all of the stuff that already sucked from the 5 nights of drinking.....- Anxiety came right back..- Too much time on the toilet if you know what I mean..- Hangovers..- Irritability towards my kids.- Spent too much money on booze shitty snacks etc....- I didn't read very much and I love reading..- I never got that "good" feeling from drinking..- I couldn't take a single day off from drinking..- Shame that I let my wife down. Shame that I let you guys down. I guess that was more embarrasment. I didn't want to have to write a post like this (again). .- I smelled like a stinky alcoholic. My son asked me why I smelled like beer. He knows that drinking is bad and he's only 5 years old (almost 6)..- My skin instantly got worse. Didn't have that healthy glow that I had just last week..- I was living on sheer emotion. I was getting so angry about every thing such as Facebook. I didn't really have much rational thought while I was drinking. ..I could go on for days but I just wanted to share and to hopefully dissuade someone who is mentally in a place like I was last month. Relapsing is NEVER worth it. There are NO benefits to the poison that is alcohol. .
----------immediate responses--------

Relapsing is NEVER worth it.  I'll take another SOBER day with my friend /u/CheeseWhistleMcStink.
Welcome back - it could have been much worse -..I was 39 when I came in and bounced for about 6 months before finally "getting it" so I suspect many similarities...I too had issues with AA - ALL the issues and in my case I discovered it wasn't AA so much as resistance and intolerance in me.  ..Yes there are things about the program I do not particularly like and certainly certain people - but on the whole I have found it to be a place filled with amazing people who have incredible stories even if they are mundane...Keep doing - it will work out.....
Thank you.  Your comment about turning away from identifying is very insightful.  I know that when i went back out after a year sober it all started at a meeting some months before when I very clearly made a choice where I stopped identifying with a speaker and started feeling sorry for them "because they were so mich worse off than me."
Welcome back. I'm glad you made it...Your motivation sounds strong. For now. In a month month and a half revisit this list. Revise it and add a column of the benefits of not drinking. That might help keep your motivation up through any periods of doubt. I carried a similar list for over a year.
Hey there /u/CheeseWhistleMcStink so glad you're back and you are safe :) ..Don't be too hard on yourself as this happens to so many of us me included. I have relapsed many times before reaching this point. I try to use these experiences as a reminder of how easy it is to go straight back into my drinking groove. I now know the importance of the phrase 'don't pick up the first drink' it's been a lifesaver for me...Take care you got this :).
Thanks for the reminder. I was taught early on too call someone before picking up a drink. For me it was a very uncomfortable call to make but I'm still here. I hope we're both thoroughly convinced.
So glad you made it back most never do. We are in this together.
I'm glad you're back. Your list is very familiar and a good reminder of why I'm not drinking today!
Thanks for reading folks. Like I said I really love this online community. It helps me out big time. 
&gt;I would think thoughts like "if there really is a 'god' then why would he care about some drunk white guy from America while innocent children are being tortured and murdered every hour?"..This is exactly what has gone through my head too right now. Thank you so much for making me more aware of it...Like yes. The world sucks right now do I contribute anything to making things better by drinking? Hardly...I really love seeing posts like this. No I don't enjoy other people relapsing but it really helps to put things into perspective when my illness begins to manipulate me. Welcome back and thanks for sharing! :)
Welcome back.  I'm looking forward to seeing Phish sober. 
