-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tupba/9_years_and_how_my_life_has_changed/

I drank for about 6 years starting when I was 20.  I was shitfaced for all of it.  I was the person to wake up from a party and immediately began finishing up drinks left out from the night before.  .Pissing myself during sleep at one point became a norm.  I slept on a porch for a summer.  Every night I'd piss on this couch.. in the morning I would prop the cushions up and go to work.  I didn't have a car.. or eventually even a bike..Soon after that I was relieved of the need to go to work in the morning.  Quickly I was  homeless jobless and walking highways and sleeping in gutters. Hitch hiking into a random friends life to binge for a month or so. I had to put a good dog down....Then I quit.  I dunno.  Somebody told me I didn't have to drink.  I detoxed just walking the streets of San Francisco.  It's been 9 years today.  It has been a struggle and it continues to be.  Addiction is a twisting beast and pops up in unexpected places.  Quitting drinking did not solve all my problems.. but I do remember everything that happens now.  That is something to wake up for..The comparison between my life then and now is astonishing. The 'proof' in the pudding. (alcohol pun!)  Today I have a dog.  I got a bicycle soon after getting sober.  Last year I got a car.  Still living in a shitty apartment but saving up for a house.  I have my own little manufacturing business I started from scratch and an employee.   I just want to share my gratitude today.  To anyone out there suffering because of alcohol -You don't have to drink.  ....
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/restfortheweary -- this is a powerful post and it's a pleasure to celebrate 9 years with you.  I just noticed that you were never added to /r/dinos and I just rectified that oversight.  I hope you will come celebrate with us there as well.
That's a great story real inspiration so thanks for the share.
Great story  thanks for sharing and congratulations.
Your story is appreciated. Nine years is awesome!
Congratulations!!
Good for you mate! 
This brought tears to my eyes.  Your story is such an inspiration to me.  Many congratulations from the bottom of my heart!
[deleted]
9 years!  Incredible!  You're an inspiration man thank you so much.
Great story!  Those 5 words r what got me started as well!  It's crazy. 
