-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tvlfn/you_guys_and_this_sub_have_saved_me_this_week_i/

A week ago I was in emotional hell. I was sick lonely and wishing I was just dead. After a sleepless night Sunday I looked at suicide prevention sites and rehab facilities. I didn't think I could quit drinking or even stay alive without help. ..My alcohol soaked brain was my worst enemy. I felt completely alone. Then I reached out on this sub and the amount of support I've had in my first sober week brings tears to my eyes. Thank you all so much! ..For the first Sunday in as long as I can remember I'm not filled with self loathing and regret. I feel healthier than I have in a while. Tomorrow I will go to work without the typical Monday hangover (much worse than my weekday hangover). I won't struggle to appear normal and hope no one smells booze. ..I know my journey is just beginning but I'm grateful for my first week of sobriety. Thank you all for your kind words and letting me know I'm not alone!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for being here.  You are an inspiration to lots of people some of whom I assume are in lurk who have no days.  You are a power of example that you can go from where you were at 8 days ago to accomplish 7 days.  Keep doing what you are doing.
[deleted]
That is really awesome that you're feeling better!  The first week is really hard so happy to hear that you got through it. . .and you know what?  Things just keep getting better!  
I've been reading your posts but because I didn't have a year under my belt I thought it was best not to post anything here until I did. You have shown some real courage and determination. I am very proud of how you are doing with all that is happening around you.  My thoughts are with you. Like the force. :)
...and *you've* made some solid contributions this week too! Glad you're here. 
So proud of you!  Isn't this a wonderful place to hang out?
I've been seeing your posts and following right behind you. Glad we are both here :)
You're definitely not alone. Congrats on week one :)
Congrats on a week!  It's amazing how much changes in 1 week!
