-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tzs7z/lets_not_relapse_during_the_holidays/

Just seeing a lot of relapse posts lately and felt like posting something. I start traveling for thanksgiving tomorrow. I'm just not going to drink. I'm going to lie about having a friend in town on Friday so I can sneak out for a meeting. My convoluted response when people ask me if I want a drink: I don't drink anymore. My response when they ask why: I just don't drink anymore. ..I pledge to pledge to not drink every day for the next 6 days. ..There are more imaginative ways to relapse than while visiting my family for the holidays. 
----------immediate responses--------

We are going to do Monday sober; then we are going to plan to commit to doing Tuesdays sober; when Wednesday rolls around we plan to not to drink Wednesday either; and then Thursday...
Thank you for this post. I started thinking about how I was going to deal with the holidays this year and it's nice to be reminded that I am not alone.
I wont either! And this year there wont BE any awkward questions because everyone already knows I don't drink. Remember if you do this right...you only have to go through that once.
Indeed!!!
Not being hangover means be able to eat more leftovers! 
Awesome! I'm also not drinking. I'm dreading the around-the-table inquisition but in the end my word and my conviction is stronger.  ...'I will be what I set out to be without a doubt undoubtedly. And all those who look down on me? I'm tearing down the balcony.' ..:) stay healthy friends. 
Remember when you feel like the only one not drinking the SD gang is thinking of you and raising a cold Lacroix to your Serenity. 
I am spending the holiday alone so that there's no one to trigger me to drink. But seriously. I'm taking it one day at a time and I have momentum now and I don't want to lose it. I want to read a book for the first time in forever and start going for walks. That's my plan. Happy sober holidays! 
My sponsor always repeats this during the holidays - HAVE A PLAN!! As a sober holiday traveler here are some of my go to tools for maintaining my sobriety when I am traveling. ..- Making a phone call to a member of my support group or sponsor..-Browsing SD..-Eating cookies haha..-Sparkling San Pellegrino in a glass of ice is a great drink decoy to fend off that peer pressure guy..-Taking a walk or drive..-If you do AA try finding a local meeting. Going to a meeting in a different city is one of my faves...If it is possible to have an out also HAVE AN OUT!! I try to drive myself when I am heading to events where alcohol is involved that way if I get uncomfortable or tempted I am not stuck. When I am visiting family I always get a rental car just in case I need to take that aforementioned drive to clear my head... Also watch out for tiramisu. I made that mistake last year. Good luck out there and I hope everyone enjoys themselves!!
Agreed! The holidays are the worst and Thanksgiving is the worst. I pledge to pledge not to drink every day alongside you and SD. :)
Thanksgiving in my wife's family is the worst. It's basically booze fest. I will get bored and probably chat with the teenagers
[deleted]
I will not drink for another 6 days! 
It'll be weird because this will be my first holiday at home since I've turned 21 and the only people who know about my alleged DWI are my parents and my sister. Everyone else at the get together will be asking why I'm not drinking and I can't think of an answer that won't seem suspicious. I DEFINITELY don't want my extended family to know about my charges they're very judgy southern baptists who I would rather cut out of my life tbh. I'm not religious but it would still hurt coming from people that I love. Any advice??
Guess what... going to a meeting IS seeing friends so it's not a lie!
I originally thought it was poor timing to get sober the day after Thanksgiving but it's actually been a huge help.  I can't drink on Thursday I'm about to hit two years on Monday.  Then when Christmas comes I can't drink I just passed two years!  Gotta keep that streak alive.
Thank you for this post. I've been sober since New Year's Day this year so this holiday season is the final push for me to reach 1 year...I needed this support. Thank you!
