-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tzzm9/day_6_and_struggling/

Today is an extremely hard day. I woke up to find my SO mad at me and as it appeared that he was mad at me after going through my stuff I was furious in return.  It didn't get much better after going to work. My boyfriend and I have struggled ever since we had an abortion (which I hadn't wanted to have)  in August which prompted my relapse after being sober for months. It prompted a ton of drinking which ended last Tuesday. ..I've  been angry at him since August angry that he hadn't seemed to want to be a father and so I had to deal with all the physical and mental effects of ending the pregnancy. I'd wanted the baby but had no where to stay with a baby in tow and neither of us were working at the time. Still I fought for it though I didn't want to force him into being a father. It was hell on earth and his not wanting it despite my assuring him that we could do it was the biggest factor. He told me after it was all over that he had actually wanted it but lied. When he admitted that he'd wanted it a part of me broke. And it's still not fixed. ..Today it all came back up. He said he couldn't trust me after my last binge and I can't trust him after his lies in August. He also gets pretty physically destructive when he's mad.  When he found out I drank last week he broke a guitar a VCR and an amp. I responded by drinking more. He's been supportive of my working toward sobriety but I wonder if this relationship will last once I'm sober and clear headed for a longer period. My brother had been staying with us while all the breaking and drinking was going on. He wanted me to leave my boyfriend because he felt bf was being abusive. I wouldn't and so my brother disowned me. I shouldn't have drank so I take responsibility for all of it.  ..I'd like to drink but I know I can't. I'll just feel like this for longer. And it'll be worse. I keep repeating the serenity prayer but so far I just want this day to be over so I'll have a week sober. I need something to hold on to.
----------immediate responses--------

Anger and resentments are a key reason why so many alcoholics fail at sobriety.  I know I needed to absolutely deal with mine.   Good luck!
Please don't tolerate domestic abuse. His behavior is dangerous. Your brother is right. I did not follow my own advice and it didn't turn out well. Your local domestic abuse shelter can be called. Talk to them about what constitutes abuse and your options. Your boyfriend's behavior is not your fault. His violence is not acceptable. A counselor to help you process feelings regarding the abortion would be helpful. Please be safe. Take care of yourself. 
A couple of things: I would absolutely get out a living situation where my housemate is violently destroying property because in my experience it is a step away from physical violence.  Secondly I would not blame my decision to drink on ANYTHING other than my decision to drink--even if provoked the decision to drink is always my decision.  Tragic sad grievous things happen all the time--that's life on life's terms and I am not going to let anything "prompt" me to drink.  Drinking to deal with violence emotional abuse an abortion or other challenges is nothing more than drinking poison and ignoring the people places and things that trouble me instead of taking positive action to deal with them.  It doesn't work in my experience in fact worse that strategy of passive avoidance often makes the things that are troubling far worse.  So what do I do?..I get help!  If I'm living with an abuser I make plans to get out and I get out.  AA meetings and counseling can help with a lot of this.  I know I've been in some pretty uncomfortable situations and I found help.
Goto as many meetings a day as you can.  It gives you a reason to get out of the house.  There are women only meetings too.  Perhaps ask for help and get a female sponser.  You have to ask for help....
His childish behavior is 100% not your fault in the same way your drinking is not his fault...You can not drink for you - so you feel good and can think rationally and compassionately about the situation. So you can solve it.
