-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u2ysy/i_admit_that_i_have_a_problem_with_alcohol_and_i/

My first struggle with posting here was a thought along the lines of "but I'm not a real alcoholic."..I haven't vomited from alcohol consumption for at least a year. I never black out. I never do anything directly damaging to my relationships whilst drinking. I just sit at my computer read a book or perhaps watch YouTube or some television series or another. My wife hasn't complained. She isn't bothered by my drinking. On the fairly irregular occasion when I'm more drunk than I intended she just says I'm a cute adorable drunk. Completely harmless...But frequently I end up drinking more than I intend staying up too late and turning up at work hung-over. I don't think anyone notices but I could be kidding myself...I don't do anything damaging whilst drunk aside from get into stupid arguments on Reddit maybe but recovering from a night of drinking often means I am nowhere near as productive at work or within my own interests as I'd like to be...I checked the DSM-IV and I on my own self-analysis am a borderline alcohol dependent person. The test on the sidebar here says that I am in "Zone II" or something. Basically I'm not someone who has a healthy relationship with alcohol but it hasn't got to the point where it is destroying me yet either. I just feel sometimes that I do not have control over how frequently I drink...A week ago I stopped. The plan was to have a "discipline break" at the end of each month. But after one week I figured a cheeky six pack after a long week wouldn't be the end of the world. It was definitely going to just be that and then I wouldn't drink anything else until the end of the month definitely not...Three nights later and I had stayed up until 4am eating McDonalds and drinking extra cans I'd bought around 2am from the 7-11. This morning I was almost too hung over to make it into work...This is stupid...I clearly can't control my drinking so I will quit altogether...But there is still a voice in the back of my head saying "yeah but you don't have to completely stop - just don't drink so much." That's not useful...Why does the idea of becoming completely sober for an extended period of time bother me? I actually feel that being a sober person would be closer to who I am really. Being sober would help me to be the best possible me...So I will stop drinking...Thing is I have been persistently trying to stop for maybe a year or two now. I'm not really sure. I managed to go completely sober for three months last year. I'd decided I needed to prove to myself that I didn't have a problem. After that was accomplished I fell back into old habits which were reinforced by the fact I had proved to myself that I could stop...But I don't want to just stop to prove to myself I can this time...I want to actually stop...I'm the kind of person who likes to do these sorts of things alone. This is my problem and I don't want to reach out for help. But if I'm truly honest with myself I don't think I can do it completely alone...So I'm making this post...I'm typing alone to an audience who can't see me. But you guys are an audience anyway. And I believe that's enough...Today I quit drinking...
----------immediate responses--------

**Wahooo!!!!!!!!** ..I'm at work so more thoughtful posts can come from others but I'm stoked you're joining us!..3 months is a big accomplishment if you can do it once you can do it again. And you'll see it's not at all uncommon that people use that twisted logic "if I can stop I must not have a problem so it's *okay* that I drink everyday!" ..Glad you're here \o/
Welcome!..&gt;I'm the kind of person who likes to do these sorts of things alone. This is my problem and I don't want to reach out for help. But if I'm truly honest with myself I don't think I can do it completely alone...That is the *exact* thought process that finally got me here and reliant on this community for support. I don't want to put the burden on my SO or real world friends. But without help advice a sounding board whatever it would just be me locked in my own little brain justifying "just one beer" or "just one night at home with a six pack" "or "Just one handle of vodka" to myself. Again. And again. And again. And oh look again...Check out the sidebar but I especially recommend the [Wisdom](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kcwrq/collected_comments_episode_iv/) section. Lots of great collected insights...A common theme around here is "Just don't drink today." Saying that you quit forever sounds like such a daunting task. It's like if I told you "Hey go build a house over there!" ..Holy crap that would be one hell of a request! But what if I just asked you "Hey can you go put this one brick over there?" So manageable! Then the next day you put another brink on top of it. And pretty soon you have a wall then a room then a house!..Along those same lines I also think about tomorrow (but only tomorrow) I think about how I will feel when I wake up after a day where I drank. I will feel so much worse...I can't remember who said it here but this has always stuck with me:.."I must have woken up hundreds of times wishing I hadn't drank the night before. But I haven't once woken up wishing I had."..Good luck in your journey!
Good for you!  This [link goes to the Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which might give you some starter steps.  It worked and works for me...I might add that you will probably never hear me say that I "quit" drinking.  While it might seem like semantics "quit" to me implies a permanent commitment and my brain in early sobriety (and even now) can't comprehend forever.  I can fathom 1 day so I say I "stopped drinking" for today only--which I renew on a daily basis.  The goal of one day is easily attained even on my worse days and I had some pretty bad ones early on.
Congratulations.  That's quite a bit of self-analysis and introspection...I couldn't do it alone in my early days either.  AA meetings helped me get through the first 90 days.
&gt;I haven't vomited from alcohol consumption for at least a year. I never black out. I never do anything directly damaging to my relationships whilst drinking. I just sit at my computer read a book or perhaps watch YouTube or some television series or another. My wife hasn't complained. She isn't bothered by my drinking. On the fairly irregular occasion when I'm more drunk than I intended she just says I'm a cute adorable drunk. Completely harmless...So much like me right there except I hid the amount I drank from my wife. She never had any suspicion the amount I was knocking back. ..&gt;But frequently I end up drinking more than I intend..My frequently was every time I drank. It didn't start this way. I didn't actually start drinking until I was 25. It was moreso our of curiosity that I took my first drink... I can't remember the first time I got drunk. And now looking back on the whole 15 years that I drank I can't point to any one moment where having a couple turned into having 12 or drinking 1/2 bottle of whiskey in an evening. It all just snuck up on me and before I knew it I was finishing off 12-18 beers and bottle after bottle of whiskey. ..I tried several times to quit but I was doomed from the get go. I was really quitting just to get people off my back. Get them to shut up about asking about my drinking...So nothing really worked. I'd quit for a week two weeks a month. That showed them I was ok and then I went back to my habits...&gt;But there is still a voice in the back of my head saying "yeah but you don't have to completely stop - just don't drink so much...Yeah you know fuck that voice. It is that part in all of those who become addicted to whatever it is that needs to die. It will bribe you sweet-talk you insult you and do whatever it needs to do to get that drink or drug in you...&gt;Why does the idea of becoming completely sober for an extended period of time bother me?..It's not you per se. It's that addictive part in your brain that you've cultivated. We all experience natural normal pleasure from things like eating chocolate or sex or playing video games. Drugs and alcohol push that pleasure into hyper-pleasurable state. We were never really made to feel the way these drugs make us feel but once we grow that part of our brain it expects to have this pleasure wants it needs it and it will do whatever it needs to do to get it. That means even destroying you to get it.  ..That is the voice you hear. ..&gt;Thing is I have been persistently trying to stop for maybe a year or two now. ..Sure. Been there done that. See that voice it knows no time. It just knows sooner or later you will drink. It will make it rough on you. So it says "Go on quit for a week a month a year go on. I'll be waiting for us to have another six pack or that favorite bottle of whiskey. We both know you're not strong enough and you will succumb."..It is the grandest asshole you will ever meet...So this is your enemy. This is what you must fight and it's a tough fight at the beginning. You must start to embolden yourself. You must learn to tell yourself no no matter how difficult the urge is to drink. Urges pass. The more you confront this and deal with it positively the easier it becomes. The voice quiets down but it doesn't go away. ..I've posted this before that you must restructure your brain and the way you think about alcohol entirely. You must hate it despise it be angry at its very existence.  Let thoughts of it make you physically sick. It cannot be your friend any longer.  It has to be something so insignificant that any time the temptation comes up you laugh at it because you aren't that stupid any more. You've taken your power back and you are who you are suppose to be...You can do this only if you want it. What others think doesn't matter. This is YOU choosing life over death. ..Day 1...
Very relatable.  Right down to "I don't want to reach out for help."  It's been a little over a week for me and I have to say not doing it alone is pretty amazing.  Welcome.  You're in good company! 
[deleted]
You are already doing so great!
