-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u3oei/2_days_sober_and_scared/

Hi everyone so glad I found this site today. Reading all of your posts has been really helpful. I'm still really scared but I guess that's to be expected. I'm just so anxious about how to go about quitting and I'm finding it hard to trust myself and hush that voice that tells me I can just have a few and be fine because I know from experience that that'snot the case. ..Today I'm struggling to get up. I'm even finding small decisions really hard to make. I have tickets for a music festival at the weekend and it would be so good for me if I could do it sober but I don't know if I trust myself. Lots of the social activities I enjoy like art exhibs gigs even potlucks and house gatherings are in some way connected to alcohol. My friends and boyfriend seem to be able to enjoy and manage their drinking (mostly they have just a few and occassionally a heavy session) without the same consequences which for me are blackouts arguments self harm depression and days of being ill. I feel very alone and overwhelmed...I was wondering if anyone has advice or support about the initial stages of giving up. Is it naive to think I can still do all of the social activities I enjoy hang out with my current friends and stay in a relationship with someone who is very supportive but likes to drink heavily on occassion? Do most of you go to aa meetings or similar as well as posting here? Sorry for the long rambling post......Thank you for your other posts and shares and for being here to listen..Deep breaths!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/LeeBee83 to r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) its the set of simple directions that I followed to stop drinking and get sober.  I hope you will jump right in the fray.  This is a great and supportive sub.
Welcome! Glad you found your way here!..&gt;Is it naive to think I can still do all of the social activities I enjoy hang out with my current friends and stay in a relationship with someone who is very supportive but likes to drink heavily on occassion?..Naive? No. Very difficult? Possibly. Comfortable? Errrr.....You may hear or see the advice of "Dry people dry places" in the beginning of attempts at sobriety. Don't get me wrong it's great advice and CAN make things easier. Key word is can...A couple of thoughts. Based on your description your friends and boyfriend do not have the same issues as you so you cannot reasonably expect them to understand your struggle. I'm not saying don't share just don't expect them to immediately grasp the severity of the situation for you if you do tell them...But I think people have to questions why they want to quit drinking. I wanted to quit to *improve* my life. I sure as hell am not going to cut out great friends that have a glass of wine a couple times a year. That said I'm not spending my time in bars or clubs either...I personally have no desire to go to meetings but the accountability of posting here has kept me on track so far. That said many swear by them...Your relationship may be more tricky. Can't say exactly what to do but it might require a conversation with him at some point. For example I HATE smoking. WILL NOT date a smoker. My current gf smoked when we started hanging out but by the time we got together she had completely transitioned to vaping. (She didn't do it for me btw). I do consider that an acceptable 'compromise' though I still don't LIKE it. You may wish to try to seek some similar ground with your bf at some point. (He doesn't drink around you he only drinks stuff you dislike etc. Who knows?)..Good luck with your journey!...
Hello and welcome. Take time to read the Saturday Share Stores in the sidebar and the Community Guidelines and FAQ. The first days of sobriety are difficult physically and emotionally. It was impossible for me to be around drinking activities and friends; it was too hard. I also needed lots of support. Early sobriety is challenging and having help makes it easier and more fun.
I have found that for me the day after a bender is my worst time. I feel completely depressed and full of anxiety. Anxiety to the point that I feel convinced that something bad is going to happen. Depressed to the point that I want to die. It's the worst feeling! And the guilt! It's the worst! ..Now that I'm drying out I can see that it was the alcohol. Not only is it poison for the body it poisons my mind and makes me a mess! Quitting is the biggest gift I've given myself in a long time. ..I know I'm not in the clear and it will be an ongoing process but I'm so happy I gave it a real effort this time! Others may be able to drink without the same effects but I can't. I accept that now.
Welcome!  Not naive we need each other :D and you can experience all those things sober and it feels good at least it will.  I'm young in my sobriety but have had some wonderful new experiences like I kissed a girl sober for the first time and it was great!  I didn't regret anything in the morning!
