-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u4i8a/january_1_syndrome/

Is anyone else struggling with "January 1 Syndrome?"  I.e.: I'm just going to keep drinking and make it a new years resolution?  I'm really struggling with that mentality.
----------immediate responses--------

Every time I tried to pick a significant date to quit in the past I failed to stop drinking. This last time I just sad NO MORE! It didn't matter what the date was I just wanted to stop! Pick a date. How about today? I won't drink in solidarity with you! You can do this!
You can certainly do that if you want to. While I understand it on one level I haven't felt that way for decades. The freedom of sobriety is intoxicating enough!
Sure and then the holidays will be over and it'll still be cold and dark. Better keep drinking it'll warm your bones...Then it'll be Valentine's day what's a hot date without a bottle of wine? I'll stop next week...Whew finally Springtime. Nothing like the sun starting to peek out what a day to go on picnic and relax with a few drinks!..It's summer hello. Barbeques + beer perfect combo! 4th of July vacations...better stock up...Mmm nothing like pumpkin ale in the fall.....Well I can't stop now Thanksgiving and Christmas are right around the corner maybe at the start of the next year..
Oh my gosh yes I have thought about that a few days ago. I am so close to 3 months and then 100 days that I really don't want to ruin that. It's just fucking booze.
I've been thinking about this all week: why the hell did I pick Nov 18 to quit? right before the holidays am I insane???..unfortunately as /u/Snake_Oil_LLC so expertly illustrated there's never a "convenient" time to quit. somehow we always find an excuse. there's really only today. ..I woke up last Wednesday morning sick and sweaty and fed up. sure it might have been easier in the short term to wait til Jan 1. but truthfully it would add several more weeks of anxiety and pain to my life. I thought of how amazing it would feel to just stop now and make it through the holidays slowly and carefully. if I can tackle that I can tackle anything. I didn't want to wait til January to stop killing myself just for the fleeting joy of a spiked egg-nog.
Yes! It's like you read my mind actually. Last weekend I spent about 3 hours fighting the urge to go grab beer. What helped me snap out of the Janurary mentality was the fact that I was in this same boat a year ago saying I would stop drinking Janurary first. As you can see that didn't work too well for me
It's understandable to be sure. I was gonna try to come up with something witty but /u/Snake_Oil_LLC beat me to it and did a better job of it than I probably would have. ..I will say when I was struggling myself with the decision to quit or not it was.....5 days before Halloween or so and had been invited to a party where the hosts had brewed craft beer. I thought long and hard about waiting til after that party then the light bulb went off. There would always be something right around the corner that would make quitting then inconvenient. So I quit went to the party had a great time (sober) and moved on!..Good luck!
I did that for awhile but eventually I just got too damn sick of myself.
Its not about when you stop...Do you want to stop drinking? Yes or no?..If you answered yes wel then stop right now this instant this hour of this day...Remember that later or tomorrow never come.
I quit on new years eve but I definitely started practicing right before the holidays. I would go a few days even a week. Then the holidays hit and I drank myself to oblivion then I was fed up with it enough to stop for good. Do what you want but today's just as good for quitting as new years will be maybe even better. 
I always try to quit before I tell myself I am "really" going to quit. I told myself i am doing a trial period before doing the real deal.  I learned so much from my trial runs without the mental pressure of the finality of quitting that I just keep going. Also reading Kick the Drink... Easily by Jason Vale completely reshaped my ideas about alcohol as being perceived as a source of pleasure.
As long as my quit date was in the future it would stay there and be forever out of reach. When I finally got around to quitting it happened *today.*
I went a long time when I was going to quit every Friday then every Saturday then every Sunday. Then I'd give up and repeat the cycle the next weekend. I feel you...Sometimes I think of that Rage Against the Machine lyric: "what better place than here what better time than now? All hell can't stop us now"
