-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u53hw/i_could_get_fired_from_my_job/

This week sucks. Like real big ol' balls. I'm really bummed out and it's only Tuesday. ..1st. Thanksgiving Day would have been 1 year sober for me. It's when I turned my life around and got my shit together... then i relapsed in March. That relapse resulted in a DUI and hitting rock bottom.  Then I REALLY got my shit together. I got a better support group started working out I quit my dead-end job that was hurting my chances of sobriety. I'm thankful for 233 days sober but I REALLY wish I was celebrating 1 year this week. ..2nd. I got a new job in October. It's not incredible but it's MUCH better than my last job. It allows me to spend time with my family not work on weekends has health insurance benefits whole nine yards. All in all i'm happy with with my job and where I'm at. ..Then today I got called into the office. They asked me if I had received a DUI and to clarify a few things. I told them the truth and the whole store. First they didn't know about it. I didn't offer it up in the interview process but they didn't ask either. They did run a MVR report though so I figured it was there. Second the trial is still on going. My first court date was in August (got continued) second court date was last week (got continued till March). I told them I needed off for traffic court and they said it was fine. I haven't been convicted and do not know what the outcome of the trial will be. .Then they straight up told me if I'm convicted I will be fired. Even if it's reduced to reckless driving I will still be fired. This came as such a big blow. Finally got my shit together got a good job sobriety has never been better and BOOM I could be fired. It really sucks because I won't know till March (or later) whether or not it will happen. I could bust my ass and do a great job and then get fired for something that happened before I was even employed here. It just really sucks. ..I don't know what to do about this. Do I start looking for another new job already in preparation? I'm just at a loss but I'm not going to drink i know that.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on staying sober through this. You have done really well and should be proud. ..I would begin looking for new employment. DUI is hard to get out of. Seems strange they would fire you over this if everything else was going well with the company but I'm not running the show over there...One thing is certain it will only get worse if you use this as a reason to drink. Let this a reminder of how destructive a force it has been in your life. Good luck moving forwsrd. I hope the best for you friend...
That sucks.   What is your job function?
I feel terrible for you.  My drinking consequences were terrible too.  But as you suggest in your last comment alcohol improved no bad situation in my life.  It only made it worse.
It sounds like you're already making a game plan. The one thing I know in life is that we have the ability to control our attitude and perspective in a shitty situation. WHATEVER the outcome you will be great and stronger for it. We have to face the consequences of our actions but just know that they do not define you. It's as if the universe is testing to see if you really would like to stay sober. You do and you will not falter. Your story is going to help so many others in the same situation as you so do not be ashamed of it. It's powerful...Keep that game plan ready as March approaches and focus on positives. Cherish the experience you gain from this job and remember you've left a job and found a better one before...you can do it again if needed. ..Keep that head up and stay strong! :)
That is a shitty situation but it's not the end of the world. (I know easy for me to say right?) But let's look at the positives: You still have a job until March you have a concrete end date--the month before which you can spend job hunting and you never know maybe you will kick so much ass in the next four or five months that they won't want to let you go! ..Still I'm sorry. Life is hard and sometimes we get knocked down even when we try our best. I'm still dealing with the aftermath of my drinking days too. It's a part of my past and as a sober adult I take responsibility for that and today every day I do what I can to move forward and away from that former life.
I'm so sorry! Dont give up yet you don't know how it will turn out yet. One day at a time my friend!
Eesh....take this for what its worth but I don't know where you are...I lost my job years ago to a DUI. I knew it was gonna happen (job involved driving) so I wasn't even a little surprised when I got called into the office that day. I did keep my job all the way until the end for financial reasons though...As far as getting out of the DUI I know everything is different but in one of my classes I was required to attend we all were sharing our experiences and a very common theme was we all paid all this money to all these lawyers and not one of them was able to get anything reduced if the police had good evidence. ONE girl got her charge reduced because the DA lost the breath test results. ..But like it was mentioned on the positive side having an end date is a bonus. I don't know the company but I know in my case I could have been employee of the week month and year and still would have been fired so I'm not sure busting ass to prove your worth is going to work out for you...Sorry to be depressing but I sometimes see people talk about DUIs like they are speeding tickets a slight inconvenience with a few hoops to jump through. They tend to be life changing. 
I know tens of people who have gotten a DUI and I have not heard one instance of anyone getting off after being arrested. Drunk driving is taken very seriously and for good reason. If you haven't started looking already I suggest you get on that immediately. 
This sucks.  Sorry for you.  I know the effects of my drinking have lingered far into my sobriety.  It was and is an ongoing process reparing the disasters.  You progress looks great.  I've found that getting emotionally attached to future events is not beneficial in my life.  If it was me I would try and become the best employee they have.  Not an ass kisser but someone who is invaluable.  This can only help in the long run.  If policy demands this action is taken I can't change that but I can change my action and how I move forward.  I've been laid of from a couple jobs since I sobered up but I was always last on the list and management didn't want to let me go.  I know your situation is a bit different but you can walk out of there with your head up high and moving in the direction of a better life. 
[deleted]
Look at it this way worst-case scenario is you have 3.5 months to find another job where this isn't an issue and can use this as a reminder. 
Start looking and talk to a lawyer about unfair dismissel as it sounds like they are punishing you for something that has no bearing on your job function. 
&gt;Do I start looking for another new job already in preparation?..Yeah sure why not? Maybe you will find something better. The worst thing that could happen is you don't find one and they fire you. But if you never looked it would be the same result right?...Congrats on 233 days! Jobs will come and go but sobriety can change your life forever!
Hey man. Sorry to hear about your situation. I can totally emphesize with this as I had a refusal to blow charge (basically DUI) hanging over my head for over a year and a half. I know how damn stressful and expensive it can be too!! One thing which struck my curiosity is how you said your job found out about your DUI charge. How did they? You are saying you have not been found guilty as of yet so you don't have this on your record. When they do a background check it shouldn't show up unless you've actually been convicted.. 
I'm really sorry you're having a tough time :( ..I'd begin looking. It's like that atheist philosopher who asked for a priest on his death bed. 'I didn't have a change of heart. If there is no God then I lose nothing from praying. But if there IS a God then confession and atonement will wipe my slate clean and I'll be admitted to heaven.'...Basically by looking there's no downside and only potential gain. In both scenarios (whether you look or not) the possibility of losing your job based on the outcome of the trial remains the same. But by looking you have the added bonus of further options. If you aren't convicted and don't lose your job you reserve the right to walk away from any negotiations you may be working on. If you are convicted and lose your job you won't have lost time and may well have new offers on the table. :)...Also. This company of yours doesn't sound that great. Maybe they're no great loss if they're unwilling to support their employee. 
That is a serious bummer but at least you have some warning with an end date. Many people are given no warning whatsoever and fired for no reason at all! You also have a very positive attitude and you know you aren't going to drink. These are two great things. Believe me if you keep that going you'll have an even better job than where you are at now. I was suddenly fired from my job about a year ago (no reason given) and it took about 5 months to shake it off and get a new job. And honestly it's my best job yet. So don't be afraid to use this as an opportunity to go after your dream job. Start looking and don't look back! 
Man this situation totally sucks.  ..Do you like this job/company does it pay well and can you make some bank there until March?  They said that if you get convicted you're gone.  Fine at least you know you have employment until then.  And what happens if the trial gets delayed again will they still keep you on?  For now you at least have a job that:..&gt;  allows me to spend time with my family not work on weekends has health insurance benefits whole nine yards. All in all i'm happy with with my job and where I'm at...Do you want to keep that until March?  You can always go look for a new gig but who know if they will have issues with the pending DUI later...The only thing certain right now is that you're sober.  I would just try to be the best you can be at everything you do...&gt; Finally got my shit together got a good job sobriety has never been better and BOOM I could be fired. ..&gt; I could bust my ass and do a great job and then get fired for something that happened before I was even employed here...These two statements don't sound very positive to me they sound a bit like a pity party and the type of thinking that could lead to a case of the "fuck its".  ..You have a hell of a lot of sober time behind you and you can get through this.  You have time to look for a new job and you know out there on the horizon that you may end up with a DUI on your record.  As we've seen here on SD a DUI is not the end but it does suck...Be strong and charge forward your 1 year is just around the corner:  You Got This!!
If you're convicted you might want to resign before they fire you then find another job.
