-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u83ti/sleep_and_honesty/

I'm always surprised at how well I sleep when I'm getting enough exercise.  It really is a world of difference. Combined with a positive road to recovery it is really quite refreshing...I did a long hike with an old friend to get some exercise. We got to talking. He supports me not drinking and was upset that I relapsed. I was trying to explain to him my experience "experimenting".  ..He asked "What did you learn."  ..I said "I learned that I *definitely* have a problem. I'm an alcoholic."..There's not really much to explain--I definitely realized very quickly that healthy drinking was not feasible.  As soon as I started drinking I always wanted to drink fast long and hard. Any semblance of control was a joke. Alcohol truly had me under its thumb once I took the first sip. It's kind of scary. No scratch that. It's straight up terrifying. ..The metaphorical ball of addiction could have kept rolling downhill and gathered sufficient speed that I might be powerless to stop it even if I wanted to. Too close for comfort I'd say...As long as I remember that feeling I had on Friday... I had 2 drinks and my brain immediately insisted: "MORE. NOW."  Cripes. What more of a reminder do I need?
----------immediate responses--------

Same thing here.  Healthy drinking is an oxymoron in my book.  Good thing to learn!  No more reminders needed!  Keep the good work going! 
Great post my old friend.  It's nice to see you posting updates.  Yeah when I drank even a little there was no "off" switch.
The more I read r/stopdrinking the more I am comforted in knowing I am not alone. This is eerily identical to my behavior and habits with alcohol. I'm working to shift my 'fast long and hard' approach to drinking  to exercise and creative pursuits. Each workout I finish feels like another victory in my sobriety. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for posting. I'm sad to learn of your troubles. I'm also grateful for the description of your experience. I think keeping in touch with a support network would be fundamental to feeling well again if I were in your position. Peace is possible!
Hi GMW....glad to see you with 4 days under your belt and a positive attitude. :-)..I am curious....have you given any thought to reaching out this go 'round to some folks in your area for some in person support?  Maybe just to see if it might help?  It certainly can't hurt right?..  
I hear you friend. No end in sight once the drinking starts which is really freaking scary. Glad you have found a supportive friend and are engaging in healthy habits that make you feel better!
