-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uc4dl/anger/

I'm struggling with it. I seem to swing from anger to depression and back again. ..Any ideas or info on dealing with/controlling anger would be appreciated. I'm also considering going on anti-depressants.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi stopwining!  Have you considered professional counseling? Perhaps there's some unresolved stuff up there that needs to be worked through and they can help guide you through it. ..How's your diet and exercise program?  That can play into moods in a big time way. Check into the recent studies about gut bacteria and brain function.  It's pretty amazing stuff. ..You're smart to recognize it and to get this addressed now rather than have it snowball and derail your life later. I wish you well and I hope you are able to find some gratitude in today to ease through some of that anger. ((Hugs))..
In recovery I heard the idea that Anger is spelled D-anger and this has proved true to me more than once in my life.  I described how in the 6 months after after I returned from my federal prison sentence I was on house arrest and rocking an ankle bracelet.  US Probation made it quite clear that any arrest any police stop was potentially a trip back to prison for the balance of my 2 years probation.  My house arrest allowed me latitude to do certain things including going to and from AA meetings during certain hours and I explotied the leeway "to commute" to the meeting which for me usually meant driving around aimlessly until the meeting was due to begin then I'd show up early stay late and beat feet back to my house before my time expired (there was a box in my house monitored by a contractor of the feds that insured I was there when I was supposed to be).  One Sunday morning way beyond my Sober clubhouse I was driving around and while I was sitting at a stop light with NO other traffic in the area except an older custom  van right behind me.  Because I was gazing around the unfamiliar intersection when the light changed I was slow to accelerate and the driver of the van behind me just laid on the horn like I was the worst piece of crap in the universe seriously--this was two lanes eastbound and going around me was not a problem as I said there was no other traffic.  I shot the van driver a middle finger.  This idiot absolutely loses his shit.  He goes completely mad man--swerving at me screaming.  At the next light he pulls alongside me and he's screaming and reaching for something--while his wife is cringing in the passenger's seat.  I tell him to calm down before he "has a heart attack."  Finally he finds a water bottle that he grabs and hurls at me.  All the while this is going on my heart rate is going up I'm looking for a police car hoping that someone will come to my assistance because this raging maniac is in full killer rage.  It never occurs to me if a cop sees this altercation I'm going to have my name pop up on a police report and possibly end up in front of the federal judge on a probation violation.  Eventually 2 miles down the road the van turns left in front of me from the curb lane nearly causing a collision and disappears north up a crossing street.  ..I can't tell you how frightening this was.   Shaken I turned around and went back to my AA meeting where I should have been all along.  A couple of weeks later a similar episode happened with *a van driver* who actually shot the other motorist in a road rage situation near there.  Here's the thing my anger and this guy's anger could have killed us and an innocent passenger his wife.  I could also have ended up back in federal custody had the local cops intervened...Anger is danger and I need to deal with it and my reflexive responses to it in others--or it can kill us.  We learn these lessons to avoid relapse and immediate death or injury.
[deleted]
I'm in the similar place so I can't offer much advice but I sympathise for what it's worth.  For me one of the big problems is that sometimes I need to talk to someone to calm down but there is no place where I can actually talk about the things I think and react honestly. ...It's hard to connect and benefit from conversations when you're not the positive upbeat motivational quotes loving type of a person.  Sometimes things just end up frustrating me too much because of how little I can relate to others. ....
I always try to remember anger is a secondary emotion and it masks other feelings that people are less comfortable. For me it's usually sadness guilt or shame.
Exercise helped me a lot and quickly. Channel that energy and burn it out. Tire yourself out too...Cognitive Behavior Therapy took a little longer for me to learn to apply. Burns' "Feeling Good" has a chapter on anger and irratability that was very useful...Over the last year mindfulness meditation improved my anger immensely. It was the slowest-acting change I made.
