-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ucvlr/i_relapsedplease_dont_its_not_worth_the_pain/

I really hope this helps someone. Last Friday night after a month of sobriety I decided to have 2 glasses of wine with dinner. Well I drank all day Saturday but managed to catch myself and went to bed sober Sunday night. Monday was a great day except that I had "a beer" that night for no reason at all. Then I had 5 more. Then stupid me had a hair of the dog beer Tuesday afternoon which turned into heavy drinking for the rest of the night. ..Yesterday the anxiety was absolutely horrible. I couldn't take it so I drank. I drank less than the day before. Today I made it to work. I have anxiety but not as bad. My goal is to go to bed sober tonight. I can do this!..Lesson learned: It will never be one glass. And just because I am sober for a day doesn't mean the relapse is over...Next steps: What has always worked in the past is accountability to friends and family. It worked when I set a goal to pick up a 1 month chip. It will work again now that I am setting a goal of getting a 3 month chip. I have told everybody. I am happy.
----------immediate responses--------

Tell the world! Forget  about yesterday. Time to move forward. We are here for you! 
Good relapse post but remember my friend sobriety and recovery are always a one day at a time deal.
I'm pretty sure that's what it would look like for me; a snowball rolling down a mountainside picking up speed and getting bigger and bigger. ...until it plows through the village at the bottom...I'm not going to drink today. I'm going to hit the sack sober tonight.
I'm not supporting relapse but I've seen it enough that I think a lot of people *can* benefit by seeing for themselves you can't just go back to moderation. ..I know I am very thankful when people post stuff like this. It helps me quiet my own voice that tries to tell me the same things...Welcome back on the horse!
Start over no shame...you will succeed  you have the support of us all.
Thanks for the reminder. Best wishes for today .
it's good to relapse and get back on again nice one being sober is so damn better
Thank you for sharing this.  I relapsed after a couple of years sober and it lasted 10 years.  
Thank you for this. I have a tendency to slip around the one to two week mark and this is exactly what I need to keep in mind. It always starts the same. "I can do what I want. I've got this. I'll just drink a little during tonight's gaming session."..And then it's back to the depressing grind of drinking every single day sometimes all day and surrendering my time happiness and potential to a silly liquid...Alcohol is like the worlds worst employer. It takes all your time health and happiness and you have to pay money for it.
As of late my repressed desires to drink have reared their ugly head but I absolutely refuse to tell my fiance as he doesn't need the extra stress. Reading this has helped me. You're right it really isn't worth it especially since I know the kind of drinker I am. Relapses happen but we can learn from them. So glad you're back with us on the sober side of things! One day at a time is the best method. Stay strong my friend. &lt;3
