-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ugfb9/four_years_today_whoohoo/

I hit my 4 year anniversary today - whoop whoop! Unlike the struggle that many people face it's not been a big deal for me; I was not at any kind of crisis point but just had enough. I'm pretty sure however that had I not stopped my drinking behaviours would have been worse by now and my health would most definitely have been compromised as I went through some cardiac issues last year. What a treat to know that there would be no concerns or contributory factors from alcohol! Anyway it feels great I feel healthy and fit and I'll never touch another drop as long as I live. Cheers!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/tinyant  4 years is getting REAL!
This is great news and gives me something more to look forward to. Thank you!
Congratulations! 
Awesome. Congrats!
Congratulations!!..This is awesome!
Awesome! Today is two weeks for me! It's been so much easier than I thought it would be. So much anxiety when all I had to do was simply let go...Congrats on four years! Keep it up!
This is no "tiny" accomplishment. Bravo!
\o/
Congrats 
Wow 4 years is amazing. Inspiring!
Congrats and really appreciate this post. You similar to my case..&gt;I was not at any kind of crisis point but just had enough...I had enough too...&gt;I'll never touch another drop as long as I live. ..I believe you won't either. I swore it off for life too. Making that decision was instant and final but getting to the point took me a long time. I know it might be hard for some people to believe that you can swear it off for life but it is possible but only when you are ready and you will know deep down when you are ready. I did this with cigarettes/tobacco/nicotine 15 or 16 years ago. For me its final and I know it's final. If you are unsure at all I would only try 1 year at a time for a couple years. That's how I did it with nicotine. Alcohol I did a 2 year commitment but that started to bother me so I just extended it for life. No regrets. I am done with alcohol forever...&gt;What a treat to know that there would be no concerns or contributory factors from alcohol!..Whatever problems I have in the future it won't include that I am drinking any amount of alcohol. It is really nice to rule that out....I have no more alcohol issues but I still have some issues related to the reasons I might have been drinking in the first place....Thanks again for your post. It makes me think I am not crazy. I know people have it harder than I did. I would suggest keep doing what is working for you. If its a day at a time then that's the key. If going to meetings keeps you safe from alcohol then keep doing that. We all have to figure out what works best for us.
Happy birthday! Here's to many more :)
congrats on 4 years!
