-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ujw5w/relapsed_embarrassed_and_full_of_anxiety/

Had a GREAT day at work last Friday after a couple sober weeks so what better way to hi-five myself than picking up some drinks on the way home? This of course led to drinking saturday to feel better then sunday etc... By Tuesday my shakes and crippling anxiety were back in full force and the very first thing I've been doing upon walking in the door in the evening is swallowing a huge mouthful of my roommates rum (he's out of town) and washing it down with beer after beer until I feel good again and keep my little party going..Every day has been worse than the last and it's a complete domino effect from making that decision to pick up last friday..Finally last night I had thanksgiving dinner with three neighbors as none of us have family in the city. It was a couple and a single female. My anxiety was so bad I was tempted to make up some lame excuse so I could just drink alone but they were eating in the apartment above me and it would have been super weird of me to bow out at the last minute. So I fortified myself with a few prep-beers ran to the corner store for more beer for me and a bottle of wine for the group. Needless to say I got good and lit. Thank god I didn't do anything embarrassing but I woke up this morning feeling borderline demented with anxiety. .I know I have to stop right now. I've been in bed all day having mood swings feeling like sobbing. .I didn't drink today. Tomorrow is tomorrow but I need to remember how miserable doing this shit makes me. Imy not a guy who can have a few beers on Friday night. I'm the weirdo swallowing mouthfuls of rum to stave off the anxiety and considering foregoing thanksgiving dinner so I can hole up alone and 'party.' This shit. Is. Poison.
----------immediate responses--------

I thought I was the only one who has done this! What a relief to know that someone else struggles just like me. I too stayed sober today. I feel like I can do this and I think you can too. :)
Sounds all too familiar.  I am only 11 days sober so I cant really give you super great advice.  What i can tell you is that i know how you feel.  It is a vicious cycle with no rewards.  It is poison.  I was where you were and it sucks.  The anxiety etc...A few weeks ago when i was full blown with anxiety i had to go to lunch.  Had to fake that i was sick because my hands were shaking so bad i couldn't even hold a fork.  Not fun and embarrassing.    The one thing that i didn't do was to drink again to feel better.  Ive done that so many times but i toughed it out.  It really sucked but it was worth it.  Its Saturday night and i feel good.  I know ill feel good tomorrow morning...Just take it one day at a time.  Just say "i will not drink today" and keep doing that every morning.  There will be people here that have a lot more experience that will help you too.  Read the posts because they're very inspirational.  The fact that you posted here shows you are in the right direction. We all have the same thing in common here and know that you are not alone.  Just hang in there and you will be fine.  One day at a time.  Best wishes to you...
Thanks for posting Cone it reminds me so much of me. Especially the part about laying in bed all day &amp; having mood swings &amp; borderline crying. Before I came here I thought I was the only one who did that after drinking. It's what I did the day after my last drink. I'm gonna finish the night sober with you we made that good choice today. Glad you're back &amp; thank you for posting stay safe tonight. 
I had my last drink 3 days ago and I've felt like you everyday since. Only tonight have I started to feel better. I came close to drinking tonight but I know I'll feel better tomorrow if I just hold off. Hang in there. What you're feeling is normal. I've spent dozens and dozens of days laying in bed all day worrying after a relapse. You can do this. We can do this. 
Thanks for your post I also relapsed after only my first week sober I felt great and all of a sudden present. Then I thought I might as well have one drink with the guys after work on the Friday treat myself a little it's not that much of a big deal one beer. But it never is one while everyone nursed their two drinks over two hours I had five. And then embarrased that i was so far ahead  I left for home to pick up a whole more beers to drink alone where I wouldn't feel ashamed. Two weeks later and i see just how far I've slid from sobriety again. Beer cans all over the floor successive nights of fights with my girlfriend over things I can't even remember in the morning. Just one drink? Doesn't work for me. I will not drink today.
Sustained time sober is the only way I know to change everything in my life.  As you know by now it began for me [with my version of "follow the yellow brick road."](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck let's put this behind you.
Like just about everyone has said here it's reassuring to be in a place where others have endured and gotten through what a nightmare this stuff is. But we're all here to end it right?..I had almost the same story back around halloween. What was supposed to be just a few "manageable" drinks at a party after some period of sobriety turned into a five day binge with an absurd amount of liquor. Came out of that with a horrifying two day hangover and anxiety that lasted even longer...But it did go away with holding onto being sober one day at a time and I'm certain it will with you. Right after that binge I took attending support groups seriously and read Mr. Carr's book linked below. So far so good after that even through Thanksgiving. ..This stuff really is poison. But if you're taking this experience as a reminder of how nasty it gets I'm certain you can stand back up and beat this with all these tools at your disposal...Glad to have found this group. 
It's not as bad as you think
Day one so glad you are back. Build it back your sober lifewe are here. Your last words are the crux of the matter. 
Thanks for posting this. You really helped me today. I was on that slippery slide for a long long time. Looking back I think it was because I really wasn't ready. For me one of the symptoms was I would not talk to anyone about my problem or what I was trying to do about it (i.e. out-think it outwit it beat it with my intellect etc.). I knew there were other people around with drinking problems but I didn't want to admit to myself let alone anyone else that I was in serious even life-threatening trouble...Fortunately for me the time came when I really was ready after a very large number of episodes like yours each progressively worse each more difficult to alibi away. I went to an AA meeting (hardest thing I've ever done) and after a while I found I wanted what they had and was willing to go to any length to get it. ..But I had to be ready first. My most earnest hope for you is that you become truly ready soon. This is a life and death business my friend. Good luck.
Just coming back from a relapse myself and I can definitely empathize with the anxiety. My first sober day again (yesterday) I was in like full panic mode all day. Even today I'm still feeling in a bit of a funky head space...It's so great to see others with relatable feelings and experiences; it makes one feel so much less alone...Congratulations on your sober day! Just gotta take each day as it comes. :)
You're back here and sharing with us which is awesome! I know that when I slipped and entered into old patterns my self-deprecating "nature" was vindictive and mean. I put nature in quotes because for years I thought it was my nature to be hateful towards myself but once I was finally sober I actually began to like myself a little. Anyway what I mean to say is go easy on yourself for this slip up. It won't define you or your recovery. Got lots of love for you internet bro/sis. Strength and peace to you.
Youre among 32195 other "weirdos" who can't moderate either. Take heart. 
you sound exactly like me... I can't just have a few beers after work I'll hole up drinking vodka the whole weekend just trying to put off coming down and feeling like I'm going to die.. shit sucks
