-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3urmqo/im_feeling_scared/

I'm new here. I am not sure if I belong.  I have quit drinking many times before. But it doesn't stick... I drink when life feels overwhelming. I can start with two drinks but after a few days or weeks I start escalating. I will drink more than I intend. I will say inappropriate things. ..I began to see a therapist earlier this year. And it was wonderful to have a space to process what I was feeling. She had to stop seeing patients due to a very serious & most likely terminal illness. I'm so saddened and worried for her. ..So I'm not seeing anyone anymore. I have relapsed three times in the last month while I have been trying to white knuckle my way through life. What I'm doing isn't working. So I'm trying something different and reaching out to others. ..If my post is inappropriate please let me know and I will remove it.
----------immediate responses--------

So you are trying to stop drinking?  Welcome! you've come to the right place.  It's great that you are reaching out.  That has been an important part of my journey in trying to stop.  Are you currently trying to find another therapist?  Is it possible to get a referral from your old therapist?  Also there are plenty of us out there who have stopped or are trying to stop because pf the negative impacts alcohol has had on our lives.  Have you considered trying some sort of support group with others in your area who have the same goal. I've found that listening to and sharing with others can really help.  Again good to have you here.  Stick around and read some of the other posts to see if they resonate  with you.
Hello and welcome. You are in the right place. It sounds like you need more support. I found what I needed by going to rehab getting a therapist and involved in AA. It makes it easier and more fun to have real life people for support. This subreddit is wonderful but not the same as being in a room with people who understand. 
[removed]
You need support and that's what we are here for. You are in the right place. Everyone here is cool and non-judgmental and everyone's story is unique. But you will find others whose story is close to yours whatever that may be. Or maybe you just feel alone and unsure what to do--we've been there too! I tried to do it all on my own and like you I realized I needed someone to be accountable for and someone who wouldn't give me shit if I fucked up. We're human. We're going to fuck up. But then you get back up and make the haters EAT IT. And you start over if need be. That's the mark of a true rock star. I believe in you. 
For me personally it didn't stick until I was genuinely ready to stop drinking permanently. Moving to "I'll stop for a month" to "I'll stop for a few years" is *huge* but it wouldn't stick for me. Not until I finally said "Damn I'm going to have to stop forever."..YMMV. But in any event changing the process coming here to talk to others seeking help - those are all sensible ideas. Welcome.
