-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uvoxc/struggling_with_cutting_down/

Not sure what to write. I have decided to quit drinking. Tried cutting down...limiting .....cutting out the hard stuff. None of it worked. Just made me want more. I'm sick of waking up not knowing wtf happened the night before. I'm sick of apologizing for the stupid shit I do....and I'm sick of feeling  like crap the next day. Wish I could just cut down but it hasn't worked....struggling really bad. I know it's time to give it up .
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're in the right place. Take a look at some of the sidebar materials and keep coming back. ..Have you tried to get sober before? 
I was sober for 15 YEARS and I was unable to return successfully to moderate drinking.
We take it day by day here. You are welcome to join us today. 
This post by /u/offtherocks is on the money: [Sunday Solutions: I was drinking too much too often.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uov9a/sunday_solutions_i_was_drinking_too_much_too_often/)..I have been where you are and it's hard at first but it does get easier **I Promise**!  Get a Badge and make the Daily Pledge to not drink TODAY.  Don't worry about tomorrow; it's One Day at a Time around here!  You Can Do It!
I haven't been able to moderate either. Cutting down just doesn't work for me because by the second drink I'm thinking about how many more I have left and if I run out I always want more. ..What are you planning to do today instead? I have to make it home without stopping at the store today that's my issue. If I make it home without buying I usually don't want to go back out. ..How many days has it been? This is my 3rd usually the longest I make it but I really want to make it! Best wishes this sub is a great place. I've been lurking awhile and this is my first post.
Describes exactly how I felt over and over... before I tried quitting while I was quitting and failing and quitting again. I just wanna say that there is escape and hope! I don't want to sound like a cliche motivational ad but looking back that's really what I see. There was hope that I couldn't see at the time. Now I have a grasp on it. There was escape which I thought was impossible. ..Since you're just starting out maybe challenge yourself to 30 days. A lot of people start out that way. There's nothing lost by not drinking in 30 days and it gives your body and mind a chance to heal a bit and show you something different. Hope you stick around and read and share!
30 days.....excellent idea!!! Ty.
cutting down - moderation - drinking normally ..whatever you call it - did not work for me or most anyone else I know.  It seems to be one of those things - if you need to cut down you can't (except to go to zero like most of us here)
Yeppp. That's exactly what I did and nothing worked-it only grew exponentially worse and worse. Finally I said enough was enough and I checked myself into a rehab in california. I've been sober now for 8 months but I've continued to work a solid program..as much as it sucks sometimes things are a million times better than before...Now that was kind of extreme but there was also a lot of other drama going on in my life and I needed to just step away from it all...Have you tried going to meetings before?
I've been there. All I had to do was have 3 or 4 less drinks a night to put me in moderation. That doesn't sound difficult which made it really hard to just give up and abstain altogether. I should be able to drink in moderation but for whatever reason I just can't do it. Thanks for posting. 
I used to obsess over being able to drink like a normal person I think most of us do. I wanted it so badly. I tried to control it so many times and so many different ways. It never worked. It would start off as a good idea and then as soon as I started drinking- it went out the window. I didn't care anymore- "well I'm already drinking might as well get fucked up." It was maddening. Deciding to cut drinking out all together was hard to accept- I didn't want that to be the answer- i was just going to do 90 days sober. I don't know when it was but something changed in me and I decided I don't want to go back. Since making that decision a weight has been lifted. I don't stress out about when I'll go back to drinking I don't worry about controlling it- I don't have to manage my drinking. I just had to stop. It seems like it'll be the hardest thing in the world- but the peace I have found from letting go and not looking back is something I never even knew existed. Good luck to you! Reach out if you need anything!
This is AA's .step 1.We admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable...My step 1 is .  Looking in the mirror and saying:."I'm an alcoholic".Or in my case. Staring at an emergency room wall for 7 hours with IV's in my arms and wires to my chest asking myself how did this happen over 1 beer ? I then concluded "I'm an alcoholic" and have never drank since that last 40 day bender . . A great place to start is an AA meeting and admit to everyone that you're an alcoholic.  Everything you stated above points to  the disease and allergy of alcoholism. 
