-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uyrs2/what_do_you_do_when_you_want_to_hit_the_eject/

When I am "craving a drink" what I'm actually after is escaping reality   my thoughts my anxiety my boredom.  ..Drinking isn't the only way to achieve this.  I do not so productive things like sit on reddit too much masturbate eat sweets.  But I also do some productive things like go for a run hit the gym read a book.  But these all are fleeting escapes...No when I really want to embrace that sweet oblivion that numb contentedness that dull acceptance   the only thing that grants me that escape with any certainty is a bottle until I don't feel anything anymore...But we all know where that leads. More anxiety depression and life struggles.  Which leads us back to the bottle.  So I don't pick up...But that underlying desire to hit the eject button on reality persists.  It is the one thing that I fear will take me down...What do you do when all you want to do is escape reality?  What happens if reality is not a place I'm happy to inhabit?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm working the steps through AA which is essentially a guide for living in reality. I'm getting better and better at it but still do have the need to escape from time to time. I'm just gonna keep working it!
Well reality isn't gong to change so I have to come to terms with it and accept it. The serenity prayer helps me even though I am not religious. "Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference". If something is pissing me off I take a moment to see if I can change it. If I can't I need to not allow it to bother me so much. The longer I am sober the more natural it feels to not seek an escape and deal with life as it happens around me...And if all else fails go to sleep. Everything looks better after a good night's sleep.
[removed]
I stay really busy like workaholic busy. I can't say that this is the healthiest but it gets me out of myself. After all the work is done that empty aching feeling creeps back into my guts. It's the same feeling that I used to numb with drinking. When I feel like that I go to a meeting and I talk about it. It always works!  I just did it a few hours ago and I feel great now :)
This is a really great question. I know what you mean by 'wanting that state of altered reality'. I understand people keep saying "get a hobby/start volunteering/go to the gym/ eat good food/ meditate etc etc etc... but I still have those thoughts of wanting to 'escape' even after I have done all these great things... Its just something my mind still believes is a kind of 'reward' for doing all that good stuff. ..Im sorry I wish a had a better answer... :/
Go for a run. If not that I usually just go to bed. Probably not a great answer but sometimes I feel so *heavy* and even sitting up and holding a conversation seems like way too much effort. So I tough it out till 8 or so then crawl into bed with my book and read till I fall asleep around 9-9:30. 
I got a watercolor set. I watch youtubes and try to do something. It really takes a lot of focus and is a real task so it might be worth a shot.
Very astute. As one old mod here put it once alcoholic problems are the same as general human problems - we just have slightly higher consequences...For me I don't know that actually finding answers is as important as taking continuous action on the journey to finding them. You might never get an answer but the effort of seeking one is in itself noble and worthwhile...If all else fails I wait it out. Time has always yielded another direction. Hang in there!
I think most people experience this. Many people learn to cope with this in healthy ways either productive or non productive.  As an alcoholic  I am not one of those people. I either never developed those coping skills or lost them because I never practiced them  I just used alcohol. So now  I try to identify and acknowledge those feelings and d I practice coping with them. I try do so in a productive way but at the very least not in a self destructive way like drinking.  The more I practice the better I get. 
Meditation...Stay here and now sit and do nothing embrace reality...(more or less)
Lego! Getting my hands occupied is important brain distracted critical and doing something very unrelated to the reality I'm escaping necessary. I have a hard time concentrating for extended periods when I'm in that kind of mood so movies shows and books are a struggle. Short silly videos can work some puzzles help but Lego sets hit the spot. There are good sets for the price of a decent whiskey and they last much longer.
Write a list of your top 5 favorite books and get to work reading them.
I listen to some heavy ass music like Converge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLRYREmJqho.Or I go shooting/hunting..Or I get a new tattoo/piercing..Anything that takes me out of the mundane really.
