-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v0oxn/day_2_again/

I wrote yesterday about relapsing after over a year. Some people pointed out that I didn't really discuss why it happened. Here's the problem: I'm not totally sure. I have a few ideas though:..1. I still don't like myself very much. Plain and simple. I can check off tangible accomplishments (took a class ran a race went on a trip) but they're not substitutions for an innate sense of self-worth..2. I haven't really worked through a lot of the issues that cropped up while I was drinking actively. Instead I've avoided them because I'm "better" now..3. Related to 1 but I'm kind of bored. It sounds trivial but it meant that last Tuesday night my alcoholic brain could say "You're just going to watch Seinfeld tonight anyway. There's no reason not to drink while you do it.".4. I don't know too many other people who don't drink. While I don't often feel tempted with friends who are social drinkers I do feel alienated sometimes. It's pretty lonely being the only person at a social gathering nursing a Diet Coke..5. I haven't been doing much to protect my sobriety. I've been continuing to see the therapist that I met during my IOP but we haven't been discussing issues related to my alcoholism...What am I going to do? I'm going to try to address the issues from the bottom-up. It's tempting to start by saying I should write a novel or run a marathon in order to get back on the wagon but I don't think that's particularly realistic and it's not what I need right now. I opened up a lot to my therapist last night and I'm going to see her again this week. I'm going to find a recovery meeting to attend tonight. I told my roommate about what I'm going through and plan to speak with a few other friends and family members about it. People want to help me: I just need to let them.
----------immediate responses--------

I really enjoyed your honesty and introspection here.  I hope it is a great sign of future successes for you!  Good luck.
Thanks for the post. This sums up a lot of how I feel as well.
Good Jeebus the boredom. Awful. 
&gt; It's pretty lonely being the only person at a social gathering nursing a Diet Coke...I've been doing this for longer than you are old probably and am rarely bored. (My friends aren't boring.) It has nothing to do with alcohol. 
