-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v20cs/not_sure_if_i_can_express_this_correctly/

So I passed my year and then some and at times I reflect on alcohol in general. It's a substance that's been with us for an extremely long time. It's pervasive in just about every culture. ..When you get your mind clear about this stuff you realize plain and simple it's poison. It offers a human body and mind nothing good at all. Even the whole "red wine is good for you" just seems like we are trying to make a substance that's negative into something positive...It would be like saying sure heroine will kill you but it has this substance in it that helps your bladder...I used to cheer at the sign that said: 'The liver is evil and must be punished!' What a fool I was. I pretty much knew I was destroying not only that part of my body but others as well but I cheered and asked for another because the liver is evil and I had to do my best to destroy it and myself in the process. I was part of the "in" crowd...I think the hardest part about being sober is having to get used to the feeling that because you don't drink you are a minority now. You are the "one who couldn't handle drinking". You become a sideshow novelty. Even though the people I still know that drink do so at dangerous levels but to ask them if they have any kind of problem they don't. They just like to drink. They only do it on the weekends. They only do it to relax. It's like hearing myself talk back to me now. Yet it is still me that has something wrong with him. I was even told not to be "preachy" about my sobriety. No one wants to hear that truth in this den of lies my man. Thing is I was never preachy about it. These are adults and they make their own decisions. They'll get no judgement from me but I can't help feeling a bit sorry for them because I see what I was and I wasn't happy at all. It's like being in a prison screaming to get out and knowing no one is around to hear you...I never realized how strong the delusion was regarding alcohol. Looking at it without any blinders this stuff is extremely dangerous and toxic. It could be on the same rank or pretty near the same rank as crack heroine cocaine etc. It's a life destroyer. It's a body destroyer and I have spent hours looking back over my 15 years trying to see in any situation where it was made better because I drank and I can't find one. All the "good times" really weren't. It was a lot of me covering up my own fears and inadequacies. It was me lying to myself and to everyone else. It was a slow suicide...Yet the world at large continues to celebrate it to no end. If you drink great. If you don't then there's something wrong with you. This is what is shoved in everyone's face and we are expected to believe it. But there is nothing wrong with me because I don't drink. In fact there is everything right with me because I don't yet the world wants to corrupt that and blame me for not being able to handle their prettily packaged poisons. I think this makes quitting harder. Another sign at this bar I used to go to: 'No one likes a quitter!'..That was an epiphany for me to realize.  There is nothing wrong with me for wanting to be sober and to turn away from the lies and deception that alcohol will tell you. In fact it makes me strong. To realize an underlying lie and to overcome its deceptions takes a lot of strength to achieve. This is why we celebrate those individuals who take back their control and say "No more! This ends now!" and then takes those words and makes them into years and years of being sober. They've realized the lie and now it no longer holds them under its power...So I hope you all out there who are struggling will realize there is nothing wrong with you wanting to be sober and that you clearly see the big lie alcohol is. Start seeing it for what it is. Prettily wrapped bottles and cans of poison. Time to use the strength you always knew you had and overcome. ..Day 1 starts now..
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great description of alcohol and what it has become for too many great post. Thanks for sharing! 
Y'know signs at bars may not be the best place to determine what the world wants for you. 
Very powerful my friend.  
Could not agree more! Very well articulated.
Thank you for this. The change in my perception of alcohol is shocking to me. I can't  go back to seeing it like I did before. Fun harmless and expected of me to partake. No more. Sorry. 
&gt; Yet the world at large continues to celebrate it to no end. If you drink great. If you don't then there's something wrong with you. This is what is shoved in everyone's face and we are expected to believe it...I'm sorry this has been your experience. It has not been mine. Statistics indicate that most people don't abuse alcohol. I don't hang out with any who do. My friends and family are a cross-section of the US. I fit in just fine. ..I am not in the "minority" as you said because most don't abuse alcohol. 
What I find is interesting is almost exactly around your number of days sober 437 I had EXACTLY the same thoughts...I was like "Drinking alcohol is just absolutely STUPID."  And you are right its not healthy. Its carcinogenic and its metabolites are carcinogenic. ..    But when it comes to cancer no amount of alcohol is safe.[1] That is the conclusion of the 2014 World Cancer Report (WCR) issued by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC)...[link1](http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/824237)..    Any food or drink contaminated with the amount of acetaldehyde that a unit of alcohol produces would be banned...[link2](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2011/mar/07/safe-level-alcohol-consumption)...I've quit alcohol for life. No regrets..
Thank you for sharing this.
Not my monkeys not my circus;)
Thanks for this.
"No one likes a quitter!" - This upset me more than usual! I feel like it plays on the alcoholic's most inner feelings of inadequacy. It's just a disturbing quote to write outside a bar. I feel like alcohol abuse has become so ingrained in our culture with people wearing hangovers like a badge of honour. I know I did for a while. It just showed how much fun I could have!... right? ..We should both be proud to be non-drinkers. It takes real courage to face the real world and deal with your problems without designating part of your week to obliterate yourself and forget your worries for a split second. 
Alcohol IS a poison and a destroyer of many lives. It has some heat of the moment "benefits" though or no one would ever touch the stuff. I've decided getting stoned on booze isn't worth the considerable costs. As have most of us here. 
"No one likes a quitter." I remember a coworker had tried to sober up and then fell off the wagon and is still off the wagon. But I said that to him when he said he started drinking again. I regret saying that it was mean. I'm glad to have become a quitter myself. I hope other people can quit too now if they want to...I totally get what you're saying here and I think it's something fundamental about the human condition. People want to get high they want to get fucked up. Something you can take in a pill or smoke or find in a bottle. We have some kind of a need to "feel different" from time to time. Alcohol is universally the easiest way to feel different but it comes at such a great cost.
Thank you for posting! In my culture abusing alcohol is the way to drink. Best of sobriety to you and me!
BRILLIANT. I couldn't have said it better myself. ..&gt;I never realized how strong the delusion was regarding alcohol...It goes to the very core as to why so many people re-lapse... we are so incredibly brainwashed... while the physical dependency is torturous to struggle through initially its the longer term psychological dependence that requires constant vigilance and awareness.....Thanks for articulating.
&gt;The liver is evil and must be punished!..*shudder* - I recall a time when I and my peers thought this was funny thought it was funny to drink to excess. I thought it was funny because I somehow thought I would be immune to liver damage and alcoholism...&gt;It was me lying to myself and to everyone else. It was a slow suicide...That's was absolutely it for me too. I am glad to have seen the big lie at last and opened my eyes.
Personally I try not to judge other people and their behaviors involving alcohol. When I do that I know that I still don't have control over my addiction. My addiction is still drawing my attention to alcohol just not the alcohol in my hand. I apply what **I** need to be doing to control **my** addiction to other people other people who aren't addicted...I can't control my surroundings so I must control how I react to my surroundings. 
I think it's worth remembering that a lot of people drink responsibly and enjoy alcohol with no negative impact. Personally I don't see the fun in one or two drinks or a single bottle of wine but I see it all the time. 
