-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v3j9g/strugglingreaching_out/

Today's been an exceptionally hard day. I see all of these posts people write discussing all of the great things that have happened once they got sober. Unfortunately so far for me that has not been the case. Granted I have felt a lot better physically and managed to get into decent shape. But the rest of my life-still in limbo. I'm still dealing with the consequences of my drinking. I've lost friends an amazing girl and in the end most importantly my job. Still with no real prospects in the future. I'm trying to stay as hopeful as I can. My finances are wearing thin and I'm not sure what the future holds. A lot of time it just seems bleak. I'm envious of my peers out there doing what they needed to working and putting their degrees to good use. They are reaping the rewards they earned and worked for. They are the people who deserve what they have now. I had that gift and opportunity but I chose to throw it down a bottle instead. ..The worst pain is knowing that I'm the only person to blame for my predicament. I don't expect any pity and life sure as hell isnt giving me any. Drinking is not an option and there is no temptation to do so in my life. I'm just writing this to reach out for support I spend most of my days alone traveling across the country for job interviews. I just hope it all pays off in the end. Sobriety is the one thing I've promised to myself but sometimes it feels like life won't let me ever really dig myself out of the hole my drinking put me in. ..I see a lot of posts about how amazing things have been for people once they got sober how things have fallen back into place. But for me I also wanted to write this for anyone else who has been struggling. At almost 5 months sober I thought I'd have a better handle on things. I hope no one else is having to face things that I am. Just know you're not alone if you do.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I see a lot of posts about how amazing things have been for people once they got sober how things have fallen back into place...Yeah I can't relate to that. My first 18 months of sobriety sucked really badly. I mean really badly.  ..Welp there's not much more to say than that.  I hope you are getting help and support in real life too.  
See the "problem" with getting sober is that it only fixes one part of your life. Now that change can open doors to work on other parts of your life but sobriety isn't a fix all card. ..Basically I look at it as I was trying to live life carrying around a backpack full of lead. It made things seem harder it made me more miserable it hurt my body. But once I set that backpack down I still have to do other things in order to repair my life. Sure I feel great without the extra baggage but that only goes so far...I'm sorry; I assume that wasn't the kind of support you wanted. But I don't want you to feel like sobriety isn't worth it because it isn't making things magically better..
You're not alone either! It's true that there are a lot of yay life is fantastic posts but I find there are just as many folks struggling like you and I are. It gets easier I promise. It'll always still be there but it DOES get easier. Also I'm an employment counselor feel free to pm me if you want to talk shop. 
Some days/weeks are better than others for me. Unfortunately once I'd stopped drinking the symptom had disappeared but the illness (my fucked up brain) was still there. Now I'm working every day on fixing the illness. Alcohol was such a tiny part of my problem the real problem is me!
Recovery is not a sprint won in one day.  Recovery and our achievements are part of a day to day slog run marathon.  Keep doing it sober and you too will see that all sorts of promises come true.
