-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vbxqi/the_more_times_i_relapse_the_harder_it_is_to_quit/

It was incredibly hard staying sober the first few days this time around. It's amazing how quickly we settle back into our old habits and routines. I had been drinking moderately most nights... usually a couple of beers but never more than a six-pack. However the daily intake of beer and butts (I smoke when I drink) was bringing me down. I began to get depressed thinking about how I couldn't get this darn monkey off my back. Every time I quit and failed seemed to give my AV more fuel for the fire of addiction that has burned inside me for the last 35 years. Although it has burned less powerfully the last few years it is there nonetheless...I am finally ready to put the fire out once-and-for-all!!
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck /u/standupguy4 -- I know you know how to start.
Glad you're back!  I'll help you hold that fire hose anytime! :)
Glad you're back. I needed lots of support because getting well is more than just not drinking. Sounds like you could use more of that too. 
You got this.   .I had so many start/stops too. The best thing i could do was stay active in SD and the pledge. Helps accountability and helps having that support. The biggest thing was I always felt relapse was inevitable and so i did. The more inevitable the sooner. So I really had to internalize that I dont have to relapse. I know when I'm going to ahead of time. I know my mindset and thoughts and so i white knuckle thru till it passes. 
I can so relate to this. I remember the first time I quit I easily did 3 months sober and life was wonderful. After that I've relapsed a few times and each time it has been more difficult to stop. I'm really struggling now on day 4. I feel like I'll never enjoy anything sober again.
You can do it!! What do you plan to do differently now that you're committed?
Glad to see you again! You CAN do this. 
I concur. Much harder sucks!
[this](http://imgur.com/4Sv2sN8)
I think the more you relapse the easier it is to quit atleast for me because of the kindling effect.  I still shiver at the last relapse damn near vomited the entire lining of my esophagus up with acid vomit burns couldn't eat solid foods for damn near a month.  I can't imagine what the next one would feel like so I'm sober this time out of sheer fear it's been working so far!  Good luck to you too!
For myself it was the same. I had a much harder time every relapse. More guilt more self defeat more I can't change this. But then ... I guess I did. Would ya look at that. Good luck take the power back.
Ive relapsed alot. This time Im just trying not to think about anything the future the past. All I am forcing myself to think about is not drinking today and squashing bad thoughts immediately. Nothing else matters three days into sobriety. Right there at day 3 with ya brotha.
Glad you haven't given up and are ready to go for it. 
Thank you all for the supportive comments. I feel empowered by your words of encouragement and wisdom. :-)
[Kindling PSA](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(substance_withdrawal))
I completely agree about how much harder it is. I didn't even think it was hard until the first time I tried hah! Right before these 100 days I had even given up. I took my lesson to be that I can't moderate but decided to 'live with it.' Turns out it's not something you can live with. Eventually I started experiencing DT-like symptoms after my binges and shit got real. Luckily I had the loving embrace of this community to run back to. ..Glad you're here! Keep on truckin'. .
