-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vc9rm/a_story_i_want_to_share/

I'm a recovering alcoholic who will hit three years sober on 1/2/2016. My first year of sobriety was very tough but I'm in a great place now and feel extremely solid in my recovery. My cravings are very infrequent and I've been lucky to have a great support system through this process...During that difficult first year I struggled socially because all my friends were heavy drinkers who only ever wanted to go to the bars whenever we would hang out. It was painful but I simply stopped hanging out with these friends in settings that created a bad environment for me and I lost almost all of them as friends. I moved back to my home city and now have great friends who are more than happy to do sober activities with me...My family likes to drink especially my siblings and cousins who are in their 20s. There's always booze at our family events and in recent years the "young group" has made drinking a much bigger part of family gatherings. There's always several rounds of shots being downed at the table. ..My cousin's fianc  Timplayed a mean trick on me during my first year of recovery. Tim is an active alcoholic though he would never admit it. I've never seen him sober. I was attending a daytime local art fair with Tim and his fianc  Flynn (my cousin). It was refreshing to do something with friends that didn't include alcohol. Tim had a McDonald's soft drink cup he was carrying around and offered me a sip because it was a hot day. I took a sip through the straw and immediately tasted rum. I spit it out right away and he looked at me with this shit eating grin and said "should you have done that?"..I yelled at him not my finest moment. I told him he knew I was a recently sober alcoholic and how could he be so shitty to try to get me to drink and then mock me for trusting him? I left the art fair. Tim texted me a bunch of apologies and I just told him to never do anything like that again. He kept asking my family members if I was upset with him and they said duh that was a total dick move...Fast forward to thanksgiving last week. Tim and Flynn we're hosting our extended family. As usual they brought out shots for everyone. I really don't mind that my family drinks around me they shouldn't have to be sober just because I have a problem. But I'll admit I always feel a little left out when the focus of our family parties turns to taking shots...Tim started passing out shots and right before everyone was supposed to take them he made eye contact with me and told everyone to wait. He ran to the kitchen and returned with a shot of something topped with whipped cream and set it in front of me. He told me it was cold press cream and maple syrup. I don't totally trust Tim after the rum incident so I said "there's absolutely no booze in here right?" He looked so sad and said "i promise it is coffee. I just want you to feel included." I looked at Flynn and he nodded. So we all took our shots and sure enough mine was coffee...It's a little thing but it meant a lot to me that he realized I'm always the one person sitting on the sidelines during shot time and wanted to include me. I know a lot of people in recovery think anything mimicking alcohol--like mocktails--is bad because it's too similar to drinking. But I thought it was pretty cool he made amends in this way...Anyway just wanted to share that with you folks. Enjoy the holidays and stay safe!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice!  Glad you have his support now!
That's sweet of him. Luckily none of my friends tried to do anything shitty like that with me when I first got sober but if they did I'd have a hard time blaming them; they certainly heard me swear off the booze a hundred times before I actually did why believe me before I proved it?
At first I thought "Tim is a dick." Then at the Thanksgiving I thought "Tim is up to his trickery dont do it OP!" Story ended I thought "Tim changed the errors of his ways." ..You made me like Tim
good guy tim
Dawwwwww TIM! Good move Tim.
Awww what a nice story :) thanks for sharing!
