-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vht8y/really_struggling_tonight/

I'm only on day 3...DAY THREE! And I feel like I'm about to lose my mind. I guess I'm not off to a good start eh? I thought I would just try to take it easy and do things that I enjoy ANYTHING I enjoy besides drinking. At least for the first few weeks just spoil myself into thinking that being sober isn't as terrible as it feels so far. But it's been a stressful and frustrating day or maybe it just feels like that because I've been sober 3 days haha. Either way I've been pacing around my apartment the past hour and a half arguing with myself. Half of me wants to stay strong the other half of me just wants to feel good again more than anything in the world. You all inspire me so much and the only reason I haven't had anything to drink yet is because I want to be like you. For those of you that have been sober a while how did you fight the toughest cravings? It's friday night and instead of being out having fun and getting sloshed I'm sitting at home on the floor feeling like I'm about to go crazy. How can this possibly be better? I know it logically but I don't believe it yet. 
----------immediate responses--------

It gets better.  The first week sucks.  The first month is really rough.  The rewards I got and continue to get from sobriety really are worth it though.  And once you get through that first few days you never have to do it again if you don't want to.  Thinking that helped me get through it. That and many pizza/netflix binge.  Exercising out the crazy feelings helped too.
Congrats on taking the first step! Day 3 is one of the toughest for sure but it only gets better with time. When I'm having trouble thinking about staying sober for a day I focus on staying sober for the next hour. It's ok to take it one hour at a time. Cravings are tough for sure. Everyone handles them differently but in general I find it's best to distract myself in ways and environments that don't involve alcohol. For me most cravings tend to pass within 15 minutes so I try watching a movie reading a book talking to some sober friends etc. Whatever it takes. If I can't get my mind off the subjects of drinking and sobriety then I try to remember the pain. That is I don't lose sight of why I made this decision to quit. It really does get better trust me but unfortunately it does take some effort to get there. You're here and you're sober. You're not trying to be like us you are us welcome! :)
Don't belittle day 3. Each and every day is important. Each one means TODAY you choose not to drink. I promise you it will get better and it's well worth it. 
Day three is one of the hardest. Your body is figuring out that the hang over is long gone now where is the booze!?!  I won't drink today and I think you got this too:)
I finally slept day 3. Take a warm shower drink something warm and go to bed early. You CAN do this. ;)
You must fight through the night. Here's a little system I created early in my sobriety. I would take a sharpie and on the inside of my left hand so nobody could see it write the day that I was on. When I was fighting the urges throughout the day  and night I would look at the inside of my left hand and remind myself what day I HAD TO MAKE IT THROUGH !!  At the end of the night "sometimes exhausted" I would stare at my hand and the number and think to myself. " I did it"...Then wipe it off with my saliva. I would wake up in the morning and then write a new number on  the inside  of my left hand and start the  cycle over. I found around day 20 I didn't need my system but knew the number in my mind and I was feeling so good I didn't want to drink. I did alot of walking. I called it marathon walking. 8-10 miles a day and drank alot of water and took alot of vitamins.   If you're going through hell-keep going or you'll get burned.
I know what your going through buddy. I'm barricaded in my room watching netflix and praying I will sleep tonight. But I'm not drinking and I believe these good people when they it will get better.
I'm only 9 days in and can tell you make it thru today. This too shall pass. White knuckle bargain post in SD netflix candy crush it out. Just make it thru the day. Tomorrow will be better. The next day will be better. And I can almost guarantee you this craving will return. But that craving will have it's ass handed to it because you had the strength to say no TODAY.    .Best of luck. 
The first few days are the hardest there's no way to get around that but hang in there! This is a community of wonderful people who understand exactly what you're going through. Lean on them to help carry you through the toughest of times and do what you can to help the next people who will be standing where you are right now in the future. You're not alone you can do this! Best wishes
Hey man it gets easier. Do some stuff to take your mind off it when you're craving. Do some pushups or go running or do squats or clean. Something to get your mind off it.
I can't remember who posted this comment but it really helped me and opened my eyes..If you feel shitty it's because you know you can do better
This reminds me of something I heard when I was trying to quit smoking years ago. Weather or not you give in the craving will still be there. You aren't fixing the cravings by giving in but you can help them start to go away if you stick to your sobriety. Before you know it you'll have a new Friday night routine. Good luck!
