-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vjz16/sat_at_my_favorite_restaurant_crying_quietly_at/

...the moment it was placed in front of me I felt this strange sensation of relief. Not because I was going to drink it but because I knew I had the option and I wasn't going to take it..My husband and I were celebrating his raise at work and the whole evening I couldn't grasp a way to celebrate without drinking. What is celebrating something sober even look like? I couldn't fathom it. I was being such a downer but I couldn't snap out of it. While running errands before the restaurant I think I stopped counting when we had passed 7 liquor stores. I felt miserable. A terrible burning sensation that felt both physical and mental had taken over and there's no two ways about it it was fucking awful. .Before the drink arrived I sat at the table trying to quickly wipe the tears from my face because I was so overwhelmed and ashamed that it was on it's way. I thought about how I was ruining what I'd worked so hard for all week I thought about this sub - resetting my badge and disappointing this community where everyone else was in my shoes and struggling but holding strong. I thought about running off to the bathroom to make a quick post or read someone else's for encouragement. If someone would have told me after my binge last week that I would be sober and turning to online support I would have laughed in their face. It was SD and all of YOU amazing folks who entered my mind. .When the drink hit my table instead of intense temptation a tremendous amount of relief washed over me and I just looked at it for a moment. I felt empowered having it sit there knowing that yes I could reach out and slug it down but I chose not to. It's crazy how swelled the idea of alcohol had been in my mind that night it was all I could think about it was making me and my husband miserable but when it arrived it looked almost pathetic. That's it? That's what I've been battling this entire night? That piece of shit? Well needless to say I felt much bigger than that drink in that moment and I felt powerful as hell knowing that I could win this fight..It sat there throughout the dinner and I never touched it. I told my husband yes it was 6 bucks wasted but 6 bucks was a small price to pay to feel how I did in that moment..Sorry this got much longer than I intended but it's my first personal post so I'm giving myself a pass..All in all I just want to say for the first time in a long time I feel proud of myself. I was so close and here I sit on Saturday morning without a hangover. I'm so grateful to all of you awesome inspiring and amazingly strong people who provide so much support to the hundreds of people on this site. If I can do it YOU can do it. Thanks y'all...Edit- I'm new to reddit didn't realize I shouldn't have put this in the comments: I am so blown away right now. There is no way I can begin to express my gratitude for everyone who read commented and shared their own story. I was doubting whether or not it was even worth sharing and to get such a response has brought me to tears many times throughout the day. Thank you all for your words of encouragement and support. Today had it's rough moments as well because I'm so freshly sober but I cannot truly CANNOT express how great every response has made me feel and how it kept me going throughout today. Knowing that what happened yesterday has helped anyone else get sober or stay sober today is the best thing I could ask for.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. After many years I still remember my first Saturday morning without a hangover. It was intoxicating! ..Kudos for 4 days!
Nicely done!
Congratulations on getting that close! Big posts are just fine so no apologies. It's great for the poster to vent and also for all of us to read through these overcoming of struggles that we all have. That $6 drink part made me smile thinking about how much we all used to spend on booze. I hung out at a bar sober with a future business partner last week because he wanted to stop by for a drink and I bought him a beer that was $6 and thought man I would drink 12 of those at the bar for $6 each if I was drinking. We all had a pretty expensive and stupid hobby in our pasts!!
Look at how strong you are! .....and there are hundreds of ways to celebrate sober. You'll find them and probably invent a few of your own. 
Amazing strength!..This is what makes us alcoholics. In the Big Book it's described as the "phenomenon of craving" and you experienced it in spades. This is the dying howls of your addiction screaming in frustration because you are starving it. Good for you. Don't give in...These experiences are frequent and very powerful in the early days but lessen in intensity as you grow and become stronger in sobriety. You will ALWAYS have a choice in the matter. This has been a powerful lesson for you. Even in the early and shakiest stages of your sobriety  faced with an extreme craving with the means to satisfy it literally within inches of your hand you STILL made the best choice. I am proud of you as are we all. You are a fine example to others and your post just may provide the encouragement someone else needs to save their life...Well done. Well done indeed.
You stared the Beast in the face and didn't blink. That's some elite work right there! ..Even now I have to be careful when I'm around alcohol and I imagine I always will. Your story reminds me a bit of a moment in my early days of sobriety when my roommate (a heavy drinker) brought home beer. I was about a week into it and when I opened the fridge and saw it I froze. I closed the door without getting the eggs out and just stood there frozen. My mind was racing but there weren't any specific thoughts going through my head. Just action and a sense of alarm. My mind knew what I was facing and I think it readied the fight-or-flight response to be honest. ..Then I felt a calm wash over me and I smiled. I realized my power over alcohol. I realized that the choice is MINE and I choose NOT to drink. I felt empowered in my decision to stop. There it was inches away and all that was stopping me was me. I could never pass a drink in the past and here I was turning it down. I actually said no! My life is infinitely better without booze and I plan for it to be that way until I've breathed my last...This was a crisis moment for me. I could have easily justified or rationalized having a beer. Nobody would notice right? Just one beer.....With that done I'd be so disappointed with myself that I could just curl up on the couch with a case of beer and a pint of whiskey watching sports and taking gulps so large that the mass of the liquid painfully stretches my throat.  Maybe miss another day of work. Maybe later be embarrassingly drunk in front of my nephew who is starting to get old enough to notice those things. Maybe get in another fistfight. Maybe crash my bike again. Maybe ruin another perfectly good relationship with lies detachment anger and addiction. Etc...This moment in time when you chose not to drink it was your victory over a substance that has no remorse. It doesn't care how it treats you or the effect it has on those you love. It doesn't care if it ruins you makes you sick kills you. And you beat it! You did that! ..You'll have to keep beating it because as you well know that shit is everywhere. But you can do it. You've done it and you'll do it again every sober day that you have...Strength and peace to you friend. We are pulling for you.
Well done you.
I got alcoholism by drinking too much over too long a time; but once I had the "disease" it became for me both a physical compulsion and a mental obsession.  How could something like "a drink" something I poured down my throat become so central to my every thought?  But it did.  ..To free myself from this obsession I needed to learn to follow directions and that's what the [Baby Steps did for me.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Good for you! Thank you for sharing this. Enjoy your sober Saturday!
I am *so proud of you.*
Thank you for sharing this and congratulations on your epiphany. It sounds like you are just starting out with sobriety and I've been in your shoes. If someone told me on New Year's Eve 2013 that I would quit drinking the next day and not drink at all for the next three years I would have laughed in their face too. I went to a concert with my siblings for NYE. I spent the whole day before the concert fretting about inevitably getting belligerently wasted and ruining the night. I made an elaborate plan to pace myself...I don't even remember the opening act no less the headliner. I got shitfaced and treated my siblings like shit despite my grand plan to pace myself...When I woke up in my sparkly New Years dress the next morning my mind felt clear. I laid there and I imagined what my life would look like in 10-15 years if I kept drinking. I had dreams of getting married having a kickass career a couple kids buying a house running for city council someday. But when I imagined my future as an active alcoholic I didn't see any of those things. I saw an overweight unemployed drunk who lived alone in a messy apartment. I saw a woman whose family didn't even want to deal with her. I saw this sad person with a criminal record heaps of debt and nothing good in my life just a sad little home filled with stashed bottles...And in that moment this little voice in my head told me "it doesn't have to be like that. You can rescue yourself." I decided I didn't want to waste another day being a sad lonely alcoholic. I had no plans to quit before that morning but laying there with my head pounding in my scratchy glittery outfit I knew I was done. I had simply run out of excuses for myself...Sounds like you had a similar moment of clarity when this happened:.."when it arrived it looked almost pathetic. That's it? That's what I've been battling this entire night? That piece of shit? Well needless to say I felt much bigger than that drink in that moment and I felt powerful as hell knowing that I could win this fight."..You can win this fight. No more excuses. You don't need a big plan to get sober. You're already doing it so just keep going with it--one minute one hour one day at a time. You can do this. I'm sure of it. Good luck--you've got this. 
You know how you were thinking about slipping away to read some support up here? That's what I'm doing now on this college football Saturday. Thanks for the motivation!
You have accurately described a chain of thought that has taken me unawares on so many occasions that feeling that washes over me and sends me on a downward spiral. I'm so glad you caught it and threw it in the bin. This is a victory!!!.You are awesome :)
Good job!..&gt;but I chose not to. ..For me when I realized it was a choice and I actually wanted to choose not to drink...that's when the real magic started to happen...
Actually during my early stages of qutting I would leave a full unopened bottle of vodka on my desk while I browsed the internet or played video games. When I felt the urge to drink coming I would look at the vodka and tell myself I will not be a slave to a bottle. Something about being able to refuse it while it was right in front of me was easier and more empowering. I wouldn't readily recommend others try it but hey it worked for me. 
So glad  you made it past that moment. After many years *I* still remember my first realization that the incessant craving had left me...Keep on keepin' on. 
That is awesome! Very proud of you and your strength!!!
It's funny how much we over romanticize alcohol in our heads and then when it's actually there in front of us it's like that ugly ex lover that you thought you really missed but you don't. ..Way to go!
Great job!!!! I have those same feelings-like thinking about it all day. And for what????
This is so good so so good. 
Thanks for writing this up. It's encouraging to hear / read. 
Great job.   Did I read correctly that you told your husband about quitting last night as well?...
You are so strong great job!
Breaking my sobriety always felt like cheating. It was fun but in the back of my head I knew I made a huge mistake.
I really like this story!  I had a similar realization during my first 30 days.  When I first stopped I did it to try to avoid consequences.  I knew that I had to stop drinking but I thought that I needed to do it for other people.  My drinking wasn't a problem for me it was a problem for everyone else and I was a bit resentful that I had to give it up.  I would go to functions and think "I can't drink today" but slowly I began to realize that I could drink.  I'm over 21 I can walk into any grocery store gas station restaurant  or bar  buy a drink and gulp it down and nobody is going to stop me.  My sponsor isn't going to be waiting behind a bush the FBI isn't going to swoop in on me.  Hell I could probably even hide it from a lot of people if I wanted to (at least temporarily).  I did it for a long time.  The only person who can really decide if I'm going is me and I continually make the decision not to drink.  The more drinks I refuse the easier it becomes to refuse the next one.  Now instead of ordering a drink with dinner I'll order a desert or go for the steak instead of the burger.  I went on a diet shortly after I got sober so that satisfies my urge to say "fuck it it's time to celebrate" but I actually end up spending less money and consuming fewer calories than I would if I were drinking and I don't wake up feeling guilt and shame the next day.  It's quite liberating.  Keep up the good fight and if you do lose a battle don't let it scare you away from coming back.  You'll be welcomed with open arms.
nice work!
So proud of you. The first months were so hard but looking back they seem small in comparison of everything I have achieved. People are always here for support; never forget that. 
This post helped me make the decision to stop drinking.
I am so blown away right now. There is no way I can begin to express my gratitude for everyone who read commented and shared their own story. I was doubting whether or not it was even worth sharing and to get such a response has brought me to tears many times throughout the day. Thank you all for your words of encouragement and support. Today had it's rough moments as well because I'm so freshly sober but I cannot truly CANNOT express how great every response has made me feel and how it kept me going throughout today. Knowing that what happened yesterday has helped anyone else get sober or stay sober today is the best thing I could ask for. 
That is wonderful it's almost analogous to you walking over a pit of coals.  Howl strong and what awesome power you showed alcohol and you showed us you are not powerless over alcohol and neither am I. I just came back from a company party were they gave out free drink tickets and had no desire whatsoever to have a drink. I really owe it all ito SD and HP  my wife and the support of so many people. So proud of you!
This was a roller coaster! I was like 'no! No don't drink it!' And then 'yes! You go girl! YES!' :D I'm so happy for you! I know exactly the kind of relief you mean. It's like...instead of yet again getting on the Vomit Comet ride puking on yourself and being embarrassed and ashamed...you walked *alongside* it didn't get in line and it's a relief to see it and know you simply aren't DOING that today. 
This was such a beautiful post! Truly I thank you for sharing this triumph with us. Empowerment doesn't happen often in our everyday lives and to be able to feel it when you're facing one of your demons is quite an incredible experience...Promise me you'll never forget this moment. No matter how difficult the journey into sobriety may be or how defeated you may feel or how much doubt you may have about your ability to stay sober please remember this moment -- remember how strong you really are and how you DO have a choice. You made it at this dinner and you can do it again. And again and again and again. ..Don't give up on your own fact over someone else's fiction even if that fiction is coming somewhere from within your own mind. You are stronger than your cravings this is a fact. Don't let the fiction of temptation and worry convince you otherwise...Hugs!
powerful 
[deleted]
This is so great to hear and such a great perspective! thanks for sharing it
&gt;but when it arrived it looked almost pathetic. That's it? That's what I've been battling this entire night? That piece of shit?..Without its mask on it *is* quite pathetic and so incredibly empowering when we see it for what it is. When I've looked back at a moment like that during an urge it's turned the tide for me. "Oh yeah I saw it for what it is before. Now I remember."  
Well done!
