-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vl0b8/feeling_tired_and_broken/

I relapsed again after only 26 days sober.  I made the decision to drink and take full responsibility for this decision.  I woke up wanting to drink and took no actions towards stopping myself from doing so.  I didn't do the morning check-in here I didn't go to a meeting I didn't call my temporary sponsor and I didn't ask for any type of support from my husband or certain family members.  ..Now I am rightfully dealing with the consequences and I'm extremely upset anxious and feeling beaten down.  My husband won't talk to me and is pretending like I don't exist.  The past few days he has locked me out of the bedroom and I just learned that he is going to a dinner party in a few hours that I was invited to as well but he won't let me go. ..I know I deserve this situation because I decided to drink again.  But it still feels awful and painful. I don't know what to do when I'm feeling this depressed so I thought that I would try to post here to see if it would help.  Thanks for letting me spill that all out. .
----------immediate responses--------

Oh dear :( I remember what that felt like. Hang in there. 
I hope posting here helped :)..Do you have a plan for tonight while he's out and you're alone with your thoughts and idle hands? I ask because being alone and "bored" was a huge trigger for me. I'll stay sober with you today -raises coffee mug-
This time let me share the [Ulysses Bargain post with you. I find the ideas there very useful in my program of recovery.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3il4y0/the_ulysses_bargain_how_i_get_past_cravings_and/?ref=search_posts)
Welcome back! I'm glad you posted and I hope you feel better soon. 
Locking you out of the bedroom and leaving you/not letting you come to the dinner party is almost like he's testing you to see if you'll turn to drinking instead.. I don't know. I don't like it. Or perhaps it is tough love. It works sometimes. He probably knows you well and knows that is what you need... What do you think? 
I know the feeling it is miserable.  This can be the last time.
&gt;I woke up wanting to drink.   ..God how much I hate this. Total "wtf brain?!" Like standing up and finding foots asleep and trying to shake it out .    ..&gt;took no actions towards stopping myself.      ..Been here too. But this time nope. I am now working all my coping strategies while maintaining a normal routine. Shit's rough yo. Sometimes I just want to lock self in room to keep temptation of a liquor run at bay. So i know how you feel. Maybe identify why the complete apathy this time? I know for me I'd always assume a relapse was inevitable soooo i made it happen. Now I firmly hold that it isnt inevitable. Breaking it will be all me.    ..I'd also like to say i get hiw you feel about husband's actions. Beyond not leaving me my wife has been less than supportive. She doesnt want to listen to my triumphs fears or thoughts about booze. In her mind I should just stop.i also get why she's critical or angry or impatient. She flat out told me tonite "maybe I'm hard because i want you to feel as hurt as youve made me." That's riugh but i get that because I have hurt her by being so wasted and checked out when drunk.       .Ive seen many here say they had to be selfish in their sobriety. It's for themselves first and foremost. Family SO kids job health are motivators but ya gotta do it for yourself. I'm now understanding that.  .Best of luck you can do this.
