-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vu4ef/just_checking_in_its_worth_it/

Hey all..Been a little while since I've had an opportunity to put a post on here. Since the last time I've posted I've celebrated my 90 days just recently I hit 6 months and tonight I'll be going on my second speaking commitment (which is terrifying like shit a brick and a pickle terrifying but they tell me it's good for me.)..Life is... life. I'm not going to say that EVERYTHING IS AWESOME because it isn't. When we stop drinking we sort of pick up where we left off in life be it emotionally spiritually or developmentally. I have neuroses and insecurities that I've never had (or never dealt with) before. I am for the first time in years actively participating in my psychiatric recovery. (Which is a shit-show and easily the most daunting and horrifying thing I've ever had to do in my life but it's better than insanity.) Every few days something that happened while I was in a black-out will come back with varying degrees of clarity. I have little trust from my family few friends and still live at home in an alcoholic household...This is sobriety. No one early on told me it was going to be easy and you know what? It probably shouldn't be. I am rebuilding and beginning life for the first time... ever. For all that I am frequently terrified disgusted or unbalanced life has never been this good. An old friend I thoroughly screwed over a long long time ago heard I was sober and got me a temp job in September. Yes it's over now but I got a glowing reference out of it and I now have a bank account WITH MONEY IN IT. I haven't self harmed been arrested involuntarily committed or in a violent physical altercation in 6 months. 6 goddamn months...If you are new unsure or struggling stay strong. And for all its faults I do highly recommend AA. Any port in a storm to help us stay sober. And even though I'm okay today I will probably be a wreck tomorrow or if not then then the next day. But I don't have to drink over it. And life may not be all sunshine and puppies but it is sure as shit better than it was...Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I am rebuilding and beginning life for the first time..Well put. I feel the same way. It's hard but like you said it probably should be. And it is definitely worth it.
Standing ovation well done. That is a really honest summary. I like it.
Big upvote this. ..For me sobriety is about learning to maximize my day to move me towards my full potential my authentic self.  Is is worth it?  At a minimum it is better than the alternative.  
All taken on board thanks.
inspiration
Dude This is way cool. I get in good places like right now and I get afraid because I know things are good and the shitty times will show up they come hand-in-hand with the good times. But right now shit IS pretty good over here. Let's just keep our heads down. :)
Thank you for sharing this!
