-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3w71cp/60_days_sober_and_here_is_a_detailed_status_update/

My life has not become magically amazing since I stopped drinking but I have noticed many changes in various aspects on my life. So here are status updates on different areas:..*Finances*.I'm still struggling financially however I don't feel quite as much strain and I'm able to do things I should have been doing before (like going to the doctor) but didn't because I spent hundreds per month on alcohol/alcohol related expenses...*Health*.I have been working out more than I did but I'm eating more sweets too so I'm about the same weight as I was. BUT towards the end of my drinking I was starting to feel so unhealthy because of the severity of my hangovers and I'm so glad those are gone..My mental health is not great because of depression but I'm finally starting to properly address it instead of drinking through it...*Productivity*.Instead of wasting an entire evening because I've drank too much I waste a few hours then get back on track. I've also been thinking more about my future and have been working on skills and hobbies I've always meant to improve. Slowly but surely. ..*Relationships*.My boyfriend hated my drinking behavior so my relationship with him automatically improved when I stopped. We also spend more quality time together which has helped. I have lost most of my sex drive though -- I don't really understand that one but I'm working on it..I used to avoid family when drinking but now I don't feel the need to . .And overall I give less fucks about what people think...I do feel like my life is moving in a better direction than it was. I wouldn't say the changes are noticeable to an outsider but _I_ feel better -- most of the time. It seems like an accumulation of little things that have made it worth it so far but I have an inkling they are building up to something big...You guys are amazing! Stay sober :).
----------immediate responses--------

congratulations on 60 days! You are amazing! :)
One step at a time in the right direction. You are doing great. I cant wait to be where you are.
YOU are amazing! 
I'm no doctor but you might have a touch of anhedonia going on. I think it's pretty common and it will probably pass. Google it! I always find that naming and categorizing a thing helps me gain some modicum of power over it.
"And overall I give less fucks about what people think". Wow this is exactly how I have been feeling as well. It is really nice feeling overall since I used to drive myself crazy thinking about what others thought of me. Still has been a problem at work as I have been a lot less motivated but overall feeling a lot better about where I currently am at.
