-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wkwe4/this_is_a_great_place/

Hey guys. I've been on this sub for a while now and this place rocks. Nothing but encouragement and understanding all around. One thing that I think could make this place even better is if more folks took the 2 seconds to upvote the posts submitted here. I know people on Reddit like to pretend that "fake Internet points" don't matter. But that's bullshit. Especially on a sub like this. A lot of people submitting here are reaching out for anyone to just listen to them. When I get one upvote on any post I submit to reddit I think FUCK YEAH I'M AWESOME. I think we could all use a little more of that feeling. Struggling through sobriety is tough. That's why we come here and help each other. When we feel like more people are listening to us it's really really encouraging.  So that's it love you guys. Thanks for everything you do. 
----------immediate responses--------

I like to upvote every post unless it is inappropriate. I want to encourage others to share. It is their stories that get me through the day.
I'm dying laughing at your username OP.
Welcome aboard! Not only will I upvote your thread but I will give you a link to an [awesome heavy metal cover of Gin and Juice](https://youtu.be/ygaqdf41kPI) to entertain you.
Great comment. This is a great opportunity to help another struggler by that easy tiny little acknowledgement the up vote. A lot of lonely people pass through here (I was one) looking for answers and I was pleasantly surprised by all the good will here. Up vote I will.
Upvoted!!  ..And can you park a truck in your username?
"Redditor for 1 Day" and that's the name you picked OP? lmao
Up voted. And not just because YOUR USERNAME IS AWESOME.  :)
This post is tight butthole. I always forget to upvote since I am new to Reddit and am not sure what it does. I'll do it more in the future though. Thanks for the reminder!
Glad you're here Extra Loose Butthole!!
You're in the right place. Keep voting up!
Love this place! I'm very grateful for everyone here and their encouragement! .
YEAH!
Okay
Damn right. Damn good point. 
thank you for saying this! I feel this way often I often take time to go and upvote people's comments in the daily check in just so people know someone saw it and cares. And I hate when I make a post or comment and nobody acknowledges it. It feels terrible to feel ignored when you're looking for the exact opposite. 
Don't forget today's Daily Check-in Butthole..&gt; That's why we come here and help each other. 
