-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wm9zw/doctor_put_a_boot_in_my_ass_and_i_dont_know_how/

Day 5 or 6 now. Day 2 I decided to go see my general doctor and admitted my drinking habits to him. Told him I really needed help sleeping and that alcohol was the only thing that seemed to do it for me. ..For context I was 30 minutes late to the appointment because of traffic (I run a courier business -- last minute delivery during rush hour) and I guess because of heightened sensitivity to the now non-existent chemicals I was particularly angry and stressed. I wanted to get in and get out so I could go home and sleep...Anyway tell him the truth about the pint/pint and half/entire bottle of whiskey I had been drinking for 3-4 months and ask for help to get me to sleep so I have a better chance at not relapsing...He says he'll give it to me but suggests I need AA. I say I'll think about it... not into the whole higher power thing...He says the only reason he would give this to me at all was to help with withdrawal symptoms. It won't be a permanent thing. I say I don't know how else to do it at this point...He says I need therapy and better coping skills. He can help me by upping the anxiety meds I take but that i have unaddressed depression and need to do something see someone. I say I can't afford it and that the anxiety drugs only make me feel like I'm not falling off a cliff but I know my body wouldn't react differently and help these other issues...He loses it...I have never had anyone get this mad at me in years but the gist of the conversation was him throwing down his pen looking directly at me and while sitting no more than a yard from me yelling..Doctor: "Well you just know everything huh?"    .Me: "Wha.. what?"    .Doctor: "I'm just trying to figure out where I fit into this situation. You come in here 30 minutes late ask for my help then suggestion after suggestion you shoot down. You think you know so much? Then why are you here?    .Me: "....."    .Doctor: "Because you're drinking yourself to death. What you're doing goes down a path that has no bottom and there is no magic pill for it! You have made a total mess of things and now your manipulating me to give you drugs and..."    .Me: "Manip?! I never manip..."    .Doctor: "Shut up."    .Me: "...."    .[doctor stares at me]    .Me: "I... you're the doctor."    .Doctor: "Oh that is such a smart-alec response. You have no idea the severity of what you're doing to yourself. Let's not do this. Get out."..I sit there stunned as he stares me down. I can't keep eye contact and look at the ground. I feel embarrassment vulnerability fear regret. No one had spoken to me like that in years but goddamn did I need it. Not sure how long passes but neither of us move. I choke back tears and say:..Me: "You.. you're right. I don't know what I'm doing. I could say to myself that I'm overdoing it and that I can quit whenever but you going out of patient-doctor mode and getting that pissed with me... just a person... that made it very real. No one else has done that."..I look up from the floor and at him after saying that and his expression doesn't change until he looks me directly in the eyes and sees that I mean it. He does...Doctor [much longer conversation paraphrased]: "Good. I felt the need to be stern with you because you need to be serious about this. This [looks at my chart].. this is just sad. Your solution isn't a sleeping pill. I don't care if it's AA SMART a counselor. Do something. I'll prescribe you 30 days worth of valium to get over the withdrawals but if you start drinking with that along with the anxiety pill you're brain chemistry will beyond my tolerance to treat and we will be done. Get yourself healthy. I'll see you in a month."..It's funny I have a saying I've picked up from socializing over the years and it's "eyes never lie". Never thought I could so thoroughly piss off a doctor. He was genuinely furious but also wanting to help if I meant it. The terms weren't mine to negotiate anymore...A lot of people won't have that perfect storm of coincidences to get another person to yell at you about your condition. If you share my (former) drinking habits I'll offer up this story as a hopeful boot in your ass. You're destroying yourself and you can do better. You just need to mean it. ..Your life begins again when you refuse to keep digging that hole and plunging into numbness. I'm only 5 days in and it's scary as shit but damn do I never want to go back. That way lies only darkness...Hope this can motivate someone like it did me. Looking forward the 7 day mark and beyond.
----------immediate responses--------

I look forward to hearing how your 30 day followup goes. I'm glad you're here. 
That's awesome. It wasn't easy for me to recognize how bad I'd gotten with my drinking and coming to terms for the first time put me in a very vulnerable place. Reading this reminds me of why I need to stay honest with myself and my loved ones and that alcohol is just a slow self-destructive method of suicide. 
Congratulations on your new start.  Sounds like the boot fit nicely up your A$$  ;-)..I'm surprised he gave you 30 days of valium.  I did valium and my doc offered me 30 days but I was afraid to get hooked on benzos so I only took them for 1 week and it worked perfectly.  ..The body only really needs about 5-7 days to detox and avoid the DT's.  Pay attention to your body and if you don't need the valium after the first week just save them for later. ..Did you also have blood work done to see what your various levels were?  It might be a good idea just in case anything was seriously out of whack you might be able to treat it...Thanks for sharing :)
Really honest story there thanks. People who give it to you straight are the best...The scaryness will fade. When we face life without the numbing due to alcohol it hits you full face. We have to adjust for that and really need it to grow...Really happy for you I can recollect some instances from my past which went along the same lines. Have a great day.
I would keep that doctor. He's right. Not everything is solved by taking a pill. 
I realize that you are being rhetorical when you say "I don't know how to thank him for it."  In the sense that we owe those who love us or care about us (even just professionally) the answer for me has always been: get sober stay sober change.  That's all anyone wants for us--it's what I want for myself.
What a great Doctor! There's a saying in AA along the lines of 'how's doing things your way been working out for you?!' - in other words shut up listen and learn that you don't know best. My Doctor was instrumental in my sobriety. During a regular appointment about my high blood pressure she said 'why do you dislike yourself so much?' - I hadn't said anything of the sort but she had cut through the bullshit &amp; saw into my soul. Those few words changed everything. .Good luck on your journey! 
My doctor realized that I wasn't saying anything worthwhile so he just sent me off for for 'routine' blood tests - and I was busted.  Big time.  I went red with embarrassment from the end of my hair to my toes but it's out there on the table now.  And you know what it's easier to see him.  ..Your doctor was absolutely great!  Could have just given you the pills but he cared.  I won't drink today in solidarity with you..
In today's climate that doctor went beyond the call of duty to get some sense in to you. It's fucking awesome but sadly a disappearing thing with all the frivolous lawsuits and health consumers and what not. Old school. 
My doctor prescribed hello magazine for my sleepless nights. He was a complete bollix and i still go to him now. He was right. He took no shit off me either. I thank him today. ..Needless to say i had a similar experience and its working. Best of luck to ya \o/
Whoa doc! No doubt the story is a bit colored by your perceptions but these rare breakthroughs happen. A true gift. Take it!
Thanks for sharing &amp; appreciate your honesty.  You've been given a gift.  At least that's how i felt when my doc basically told me "Kaboompants you fucking drink a lot.  Knock it off."..Not sure if you're looking to help out or not but my doc provides some medical services for lower-income residents via nonprofit.  I've been talking to folks about volunteering there in whatever capacity they need a hand.  Seems like a fitting "thank you" to someone who helped me reclaim my life.
Great post. So I assume you'll be taking his advice about the Valium. What about his recommendations for AA SAMRT and/or a counselor?
I love love love this. This person truly cares and gave you a shot at caring for yourself also...I just want to say that almost every time I visit my doctor ( a teaching practice) if there is a resident in tow I make a reference to my alcoholism recovery and how much  AA helped ME personally..I also mention that doctors should not be afraid to ask people how much they drink because most of us drunks won't volunteer that info...Am wishing you every day continued success. Your truth will set you free.
The best way to thank him is to follow his advice.  Too many doctors do what they can to save and fix people only to have the person rewreck their bodies because they believe that they are "good as new" and "will have more control now"..
At first I was like holy FUCK I wouldn't let ANYONE talk to me like that...much LESS a professional person. Then I thought about it and took it into context and it hit me that I wish my therapist was that blunt with me. It would have saved me months of pain agony and hopelessness. ..When you drop your ego and defensiveness...only then will you truly hear the truth. This must have been hard for you to hear but I am glad that it kicked your ass. :) ..Looking forward to the follow-up too. :)..Good luck!
I know how you can thank him. Get sober and stay that way. Then a year from now or so thank him. I guarantee he will appreciate it.
Best wishes..you can do it
