-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wticu/this_is_how_i_feel_after_drinking_3_weekends_in_a/

I feel like I should post though I am not really sure what to say this may just end up being a long winded ramble. ..The realization I need to stop drinking hit me like a ton of bricks on October 20th I found this sub a few hours later and made a post started posting and commenting a lot and did really well for 40 days. I had a feeling of excitement that I was finally not drinking after years of daily drinking. Then I gave in (not relapsed in my opinion relapses to me are after sustained recovery not drinking during an attempt at sobriety. But I suppose that just a matter of semantics) 3 weekends ago I felt like absolute garbage emotionally after that but then pulled out of the funk and felt good about having learned and was ready to get back at it. Then I the weekend came and I drank again felt like shit again and worked on trying to make it through the week and come up with a plan on how to get back to how I felt during that first 40 day attempt. Then this weekend came and once again I drank. For the last 3 weekends I have drank and feel like everything I gained during those first 40 days is gone. I have no feeling of excitement towards not drinking I feel like I am stuck. I am sliding down that slippery slope that starts with weekend drinking and ends up in the ravine of daily drinking waiting for that next ton of bricks to hit me hopefully before I lose too much. ..I don't know how to pull myself out of this one I don't know how to get back up and feel good about not drinking anymore. As I am typing this my mind is telling me to stop being a fucking moron and if i JUST DON'T DRINK I will find that motivation again but I just don't see it happening right now. I turned off my badge I don't even want to see it. Seeing it back at day one again makes it hard to feel like there is any point in this since at my current rate it will count back up to 6 days in vain because it's just going to get reset on day 7 again. I don't mean that as in I am planning on drinking next weekend more as I can't see myself making it through next weekend because I can't find the motivation and will power to do it. ..I stopped posting and commenting lately because I feel like I have no room to speak about any of this when I am feeling like I am not making an honest attempt at making it to the land of recovery anymore. I read the post yesterday about someone feeling like they shouldn't keep posting because they keep drinking so I know I shouldn't feel this way but I do. At the first AA meeting I went to a lady that is probably in her 70's came up to me and told me I must do 90 meeting in 90 days because I am not capable of doing this on my own I told her I appreciate her advice and I know she meant well and was speaking from infinitely more experience and wisdom than I have but I did not appreciate being told I can't do this on my own. Maybe she is right though maybe I am just not capable of doing this without being forced to by someone or some group of people that can act as that dose of a ton of bricks on a daily basis until I make it to recovery. ..I am not really sure what else to say... basically I just don't know what to do or how to pull myself out of this. I wish I still had that level of excitement I felt during those first 40 days. I wish I could just [sail away](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5MAg_yWsq8) and leave the drunk behind for good. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're back and I'm glad you shared. Often there are those that go and I wonder about them. Occasionally I'll send a note but more often than not they've deleted the account I was familiar with. I was one of those at one point. I'm glad someone had their eye on you friend. ..Since we're on the topic we had a user named a string of numbers starting with 201 that recently fell off the grid. I was thinking about him/her last week but it looks like the account was deleted. If you're out there 201 you never seemed overjoyed with sobriety but you were giving it your damnedest. It's my hope for you we'll see you around here again. Or I'm just *really really* bad with the search function on reddit :/
Sounds like you've learned ALOT from your 40 days. You are thinking about it and feel guilty and trying to make better decisions. This is a good thing IMO. It's not easy. I almost had some drinks last weekend and am glad I was around people who care about me and my sobriety. I wouldn't worry to much about the AA. I attended 1 meeting and while I found some of it helpful it just is not for me at the time. I'm on day 105 and have been getting more urges lately but I just do my best and stay occupied and don't drink. I have not been coming hear much but this is a great resource and please post even if you are drinking cause it puts it into perspective for us not drinking and could really help someone who is struggling to stop or might be in a similar boat as yourself. You CAN do this!.
Don't give up!..Seriously seriously seriously. Don't give up...We have all been there. I know I have. I "quit" many times. Each time ended in failure and I would hate myself and be convinced I'd never be able to do it...But I finally did. I'm not showing off I'm just stating the plain truth. It took more attempts than it should have but I did it. And if I can do it I know you can too...I'm convinced that those failures for me were necessary. I learned that moderation/setting "rules" about when it's ok to drink doesn't work for me. I learned what sort of situations and patterns of thought to watch out for...There's nothing wrong with failure. What matters is what you do next and the fact that you are here posting is a good sign.
I sincerely thank you for this post even if I don't have any advice other than keep trying and keep posting!  I've been feeling OK for some time now but there was definitely a point when I thought "even if I drink on the weekend I'll just come back here and start over again" but one of the things I get from your post is that it's not always that easy or clear cut.  I feel fortunate that this time I stopped and it seems to have stuck so far.
Sorry for the 2nd post. I was just able to read through a bit more thoroughly and I wanted to better address your post. My first successful attempt at sobriety was overwhelmingly joyous. Talk about a pink cloud! I didn't come down for 2 months. Then I crashed. And I did this over and over and over. ..When I chose to quit this time it was with no fan-fare or excitement or even desire. I just realized I would never want to quit no matter how much I wanted to quit and that's when sobriety became real for me. I didn't want the pink cloud. It's nice but it's dangerous IMO if a person hasn't worked on the tools to sustain themselves once it goes...As far as motivation and determination and excitement or whatever else you feel you need to get you kickstarted... you don't need it.  You already know what you need... to not drink. So simple and so complicated at the same time. And for me this time around every lackluster decision I've made to not drink has joined other less than enthusiastic decisions to not drink (where I'm relying on tools and mindsets and actions that have served me in the past to get me through rather than the feelings that always end up fizzling and failing me) to create a foundation I am absolutely blown away with in regards to its stability...Don't give up FFM.  Even when you're not feeling it.  You know you *can* do it now. You know where we are.  You've got the tools AA chat... give your sobriety a chance I'm super confident it won't fail you. 100 days from now you can be looking back and saying "hot damn" look at that.
Well done on your 40 days I read a book about an alcoholic who said we have to work at staying sober everyday other wise once you let your guard down that's when we will drink again.
Hey! I miss seeing your posts and I'm glad that you are checking in. I've definitely been where you are. Please don't give up hope! I know you have it in you to quit. Keep us posted.
I think you posting here through your struggles isn't "dishonest" or anything. You clearly care and for every post you make many other people in your boat but lurking will see it. Maybe someone posts a nugget that finally clicks ... Either for you or lurkers. I know I read (past tense) and read (present tense) a lot more than I post and without the others here I wouldn't have made it very far. ..Please stick around and keep posting even if you don't think you are doing as well as you want to be. It's part of the process. 
There you are :)..When I didn't see anything from you this weekend I had a feeling something was up....&gt;I told her I appreciate her advice and I know she meant well and was speaking from infinitely more experience and wisdom than I have but I did not appreciate being told I can't do this on my own...This rings as significant for me. One of the details about stopping last year that made it feel different than any other time was that I realized that I didn't know how to do it on my own. I recognized that every other attempt had failed so I clearly didn't have the answer. It almost felt like giving up control over how the whole recovery thing was going to go - and I put my trust in SD. I did what I was told. I trusted. I leaned on the collective wisdom of more experienced people who were further down the path of recovery and I accepted the support of my peers who were working through the early days along side me....&gt; Maybe she is right though maybe I am just not capable of doing this without being forced to by someone or some group of people that can act as that dose of a ton of bricks on a daily basis until I make it to recovery...I should say though that nobody forced me. I submitted my will and there were no doses of bricks (it was mostly gentle guidance and the occasional loving head-but). I willingly gave over the controls until I was ready to take them back and in retrospect that seems like the ultimate power move. ...Sending you lots of good thoughts and hoping you will suspend your self-judgement and post when you are struggling too. Thank you for checking in today.
I was pretty much in this boat too. Really still am. I always assumed I'd fail so self-fulfilling proohecy later and I have post drunk anxiety and hangover. I really had to teach myself that I dont have to relapse. And that realization has staved off the giving in.      .Since your time to drink again seems so regular is there a means to divert or distract? Sometimes breaking that rut can overcome the inertia.
Hey I'm so glad you posted this. I've felt this way a few times (after my significant stretches of sobriety) and I have really related to this. ..A few years ago after reading the Allen Carr book for the first time I stopped drinking for 7 weeks roughly the same amount of time as you did. When I finally gave myself permission to drink again I was thrilled but I felt a bit shitty about drinking. I quickly forgot about it and drank two bottles a night for the next few years until it became such a problem for me that I had to stop and this time I'm pretty sure it's for good. ..Seeing you posting here makes me think you really are going to do something about it unlike me who gave up and went back to active addiction. ..Sending really good vibes your way and wishing you the best. 
