-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wuhod/still_herestill_strugglingbut_doing_better/

I am still craving any kind of alcohol right now. This scares me because I am not craving the taste of it (I don't care what it is as long as it is alcoholic in nature) but I am craving the buzz...the intoxication...the feeling of warm inside me...OOOOF course then there is the sick feeling in my stomach as I fall dead asleep passed out and neglecting my life again. TO THAT I SAY: NO THANK YOU!!! I sure as HELL don't want to go back to that state...I guess this disease has got me more in its grasp than I thought...I only am realizing that now that I have quit...and it took me nearly a month to come to that scary realization. I guess my hormones are a bit whacked right now for some odd reason because I feel a sense of panic almost...and longing...and fear...a sense of loss (of my old life and the relatively good times I'd had making the world go away) and DETERMINATION above all. :) I have to face life head-on now and that is scary...I just...sometimes I...sigh. I just wish I had a magic pill that would make this all easier. I have a pill for the cravings but it doesn't take the deep fears away...Gosh I've rambled enough. Sorry...Thanks all...
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. When I quit drinking it was like the end of a love affair gone bad. Alcohol betrayed me. I couldn't stay sober without help from others including a therapist and support group. It makes it easier and more fun to be sober to have support. ..There is no reason to apologize for your post. You are not alone. I went through a grieving period after stopping and facing the real world was a shock. Having a counselor helped me process these feelings and it was also a place to vent. ..I don't think you "rambled" but even if you did it is permitted. Stay in touch. 
The fear is real.  And you are definitely not alone in facing it.  Stay strong!
I identified a lot with what you said and needed to read this tonight.  Thank you for sharing.  You are not alone. 
At the beginning of the AA "Big Book" there is a introductory letter now know as [The Doctor's Opinion.](http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_foreworddoctorsopinion.pdf)  Dr. William Silkworth was one of the pioneering addiction specialists and this brief essay still resonates.  Dr. Wilkworth tells us that we drank because we liked the effect that alcohol had upon us--but that for many of us we lost the predictable ability to experience that sensation and even though alcohol caused us health financial legal and relationship problems we continued to drink in pursuit of that "elusive sensation."  Not me.  I had enough.  It was KILLING me.  I have no illusion--there is nothing out there for me anymore.  I have no reservation.  I am done.
Saturday I had this feeling baaaad.   .I resolved not to go out for fear of bad choice (or auto pilot). Unfortunately wife needed me to run to store that night. All day I'd wanted that burn warmth then the light headed thoughts that are fun or sentimental to sing to melancholy ballads. Didnt care what just something to take me there. Conscious voice saying no and muscle memory making the rationalized bargains. I sat in parking lot and visualized the trip up road to liquor store how I'd sneak it in where I could stash it and I started feeling physically ill. The stress and anxiety about post drinking conflicts came before hand. And there was some part of "new me" that I'm rewiring that was like "c'mon man. We really dont want to get drunk and hungover and waste a good saturday night." I snapped out of it. Went in for my milk and cat food and came home.   .I get ya it's hard with the cravings. But I'm finding when I have it there's so much negativity associating with it that it pulls me out(eventually). Like to continue with choice is to knowingly commit an affair and all applicable guilt hits.  i hate that failed feeling headache and betraying family.
