-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wx2ij/pangs_of_loneliness_just_venting/

First and foremost I am beyond grateful to be sober for eight days (my badge is a little messed up). To make it through an entire week including the weekend is a borderline miracle as far as I'm concerned. I am however getting kind of lonely and that worries me....Unfortunately I missed a Christmas party last night because I just didn't have the money to drive out of town (lost my job--thanks alcoholism). I was really looking forward to it. The person who hosted the party is one of the very few genuine friends I have these days. She knows about my alcoholism and has been endearingly supportive for years now. Not only that but she and her friends are living the kind of life that I want to have and I hate that I didn't get to meet some new people with values that are similar to my own. Instead of going to the party I went to another friend's house (who just so happens to be the world's greatest enabler). Naturally she was drunk and high and offered me some of what she was having which I declined. The whole time I was there my phone was getting blown up by some chick trying to sell me weed. I guess my first issue is that I no longer want to be around people who are constantly loaded but I'm so lacking in relationships that I'm willing to take whatever I can get. I don't even know how to meet new people. I've finished school I don't have a job and I'm going to lose my driver's license next month....The second thing that triggered the loneliness I feel comes from my ex-girlfriend of two years ago. I was scrolling through Facebook tonight and I saw someone post about getting drunk after they got off work. I decided to take a look at the people who liked it and sure enough my ex-girlfriend was the first person who popped up. It really bothered me because she left me because of my drinking. It hurt so bad that I got sober for a year and a half...and nowadays she drinks like a fish. I've learned that my feelings really don't have much to do with her as a person but rather how I react to rejection and loneliness. Still doesn't make it any easier even after two years....Loneliness worries me because it was a major contributor to my relapse six months ago. Hell for the first five months of my sobriety I didn't even leave the house except to go to work or to appointments. I worked sooooo hard to try to make friends and to have a new relationship but I just couldn't do it. Of course as soon as I started drinking again I had something to do every weekend. People were calling me every day. I was getting laid without even trying (I don't mean to be graphic; I'm just being honest). I got all that I was missing at the expense of completely fucking up every other area of my life....The last thing in the world I want to do is drink but I've got to get a gameplan going so I can start handling my feelings of loneliness before it turns into a huge powderkeg like last time. If anyone's got any ideas on things I can do to start handling this I'd appreciate it big time. Thanks for reading all of this...Edit: formatting 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I can understand.  Get drunk and get what we think we want or stay sober and feel like we're missing something.  I realized that what I was missing most was to love myself FIRST.  We can't give to others if we don't take care of ourselves first...These days I've become very selfish with MY time.  I've found new things to keep me busy besides drinking and hanging with other drunks. When I start to feel lonely I ask myself "what story are you playing over and over in your mind"?  Once I can become aware of it it usually goes away.  I also do a lot of meditation...Great job on 8 days that first week can be a real mother.
I dont feel that i can give you any advice as I'm only 4 days sober but i can tell you that i know how you feel and you're certainly not alone!. .Social media advice...thats a different story!.The X gf on fb that you mentioned...i hate to sound like an old timer but that social media really will do a number on you if you let it.  Ignore the posts even take a break from it.  i actually felt so much better when i stopped reading things that i KNEW would upset me.  Im not saying you have a prob. At all just saying that It helped me.  One less thing to add to my anxiety!..There will be people here that will have great advice for you on the lonliness.  I can only tell you to hang in there and congrats on 7 days!
Hey /u/ProElapsed -- my game plan begins with [the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  My loneliness ended with AA meetings.
