-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wxhsk/got_my_star/

Oh WOW!!! 30 days. Wow...Wow wow wow! I actually squealed like a 10 year old girl when I saw this lol. I am glad it was only my cat here upstairs with me or else I would have gotten some STRAAAAAAAAAANGE looks from my family. The cat actually gave me a look as if saying "what the heck are YOU so excited about?" and went back to licking himself. Heh. Cats. Gotta love em. :D..I saw my star and BOY did my determination to NOT drink ramp up 1000-fold! I feel SO positive (even though I was craving wine not 10 minutes ago though it was more of a half-craving) and good today. I don't think I will have any problems at all! Is it just me or do "good" days come more and more often. I mean yeah I have some bad days where I can barely hold on and not drink but those days are becoming less and less frequent...slowly but surely. There are actually some days where I don't think about alcohol at all!!..I already posted that my hubby is kind of an enabler and he doesn't see my problem because I had kept it SO well-hidden. He also is wearing blinders. Anyhow I told him just a bit ago that today was Day 30 and surprisingly he was really happy with that! His reply was really on-point and VERY supportive! That is odd but boy do I feel good now. He is in a good mood (he has an interview for a better job today!) and I am in a good mood.....This is awesome. I feel like what alcohol was making me feel...but without that toxic substance. :) I am high but sober. How is THAT for an oxymoron? ..Thanks for reading! I have to go shopping with a charity (it's a long story but basically our sons' principal had put us in to get Christmas presents for all 5 kids from a charity and now I have to go with the lady and shop for them...then on Christmas Eve SANTA will bring the presents to the house!) and then I am working on a game that has been long-overdue. I actually had it on my channel BUT it was done at a time when I was mentally/emotionally unstable so I had to delete it because it was triggering me. That was right after I had tried to commit suicide and now I am stronger better and ready to take this on!..<3 To ALL the Sobernauts the struggling the newcomers and the lurkers here. Come on out! It is an awesome place with so much support! :) Hope to see some of you (lurkers) soon so you can also experience this wonderful feeling I have right now...Bai for now!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't even had my coffee and yours is the first post I see.  Thank you for putting a huge smile on my face!  I am so happy for you - Congrats!!
Congrats! I've seen some of your posts where you are struggling (as many/most of us do) so I am really happy you've made it to here...Hang on to that feeling of accomplishment that you had when you saw that star and use it as another tool in the toolbox for when cravings strike!..I know I am looking forward to my 60 days so I can claim my 2 month badge at my local AA group (I started going to AA after I already had 30 days so while I got that chip it was after the meeting when talking to a 'newcomer' chair). I want to be able to stand up in front of people and honestly say I made it 2 months...Good job and good luck on your path!
Congratulations!! This is awesome!!..&gt; I feel like what alcohol was making me feel...but without that toxic substance. :)  I am high but sober...If you like day 30 just wait a few weeks... it keeps going better (for me at least).
You're a sssstttaaaaaaaaaaaah! Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Look at you! You're awesome!
Congratulations on 30 days sober sister! 
congratulations!!!
Hey cool congrats. I'm right there with you. I was under the impression I had nobody to celebrate with. My friends are all still drinking and nobody really talks to me anymore... (you quickly realize who your real friends are once you quit drinking) ..Anyway keep up the good work! 
I assume you get a star at 30 days? Nice job! 
I am so happy for you!
Congrats on 30 days!
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you!!
Hell yeah! 30 days! It's small things that can help motivate right? "I want to drink but I'll be a monkey's uncle if I do something to make me rest my badge! I earned that shit!" I went to my first meeting last week and I almost lost it when I got to claim my 60 day chip. I wanted to triumphantly pump my fist while also being on the verge of sobbing with joy. If you haven't been to any meetings and really don't like the idea of AA (like me I really don't like all the God talk) please consider going to one meeting and get that chip! You EARNED IT! But if that's not for you then you do you and keep being awesome!!!
Good to see you post here again - congratulations!
you are amazing! congratulations!!!
We're star sisters!!!!! 
congrats! You are really changing your life for the better! I wouldn't expect your husband to understand completely how amazing it is. But we do! Good job!
Too Cool!!  The enthusiasm in your words resonates happiness!  Keep up the good work!  Blessings to YOU!!
Oh man that is a huge achievement.    Well done!!!!
Woot woot.....congrats!
You did it!
Hey hey hey! Look at you go! Super thrilled for you Mama!
I'm so proud of you! It's a real accomplishments to get a star!!!!
congrats on one month! that is a great milestone
