-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x080h/coming_up_on_3_years_and_i_just_got_hit_with_some/

I'm not even considering the bottle right now. I'm sitting in a dark place though...My bandmate- who I've worked with very closely and consistently through thick and thin for 10 years just emailed me to explain he was pulling the plug on our band. Walking away. ..The explanation was simple: I have a bad attitude. My demons spilled over into rehearsals. My struggling with depression did not express itself well even though the music is partly what helped me cope...I'm really genuinely saddened by all this. It's not like we were super successful or anything- it's more like having a partner up and leave you. I feel heartbroken...I just needed to say this to someone. The despair and loneliness is a might bit compounded now and while I won't be pouring booze on it I sure could use some words of encouragement...thanks guys
----------immediate responses--------

I'm saddened by your loss but impressed by how you're handling it. You are reaching out for support confident in your commitment to sobriety and willing to accept your situation. Break ups are hard. The good news is that you can continue to move forward musically and personally. Strength and peace to you friend. 
Hey man I can only imagine. I have no musical talent at all...I used to act though and it wasn't professional. It wasnt for fame. It was for the comrodary...The day of my last performance was rough. I'll admit I cried my eyes out. I have friends though that found other acting groups though and love it...Not hitting the booze is the first step...Getting in contact with someone you know can help you curve that urge is another...And finally knowing that this sort of thing really sucks but every storm ends and there may be something better waiting just at the end of it.
You've come entirely too far to turn to alcohol.  I can only imagine your hurt and stress right now but you can get through this one day at a time.  I'm sure that during your time of sobriety you've encountered other things to upset you or sadden you and you have manage to get past it without the alcohol.  What about putting together another group or going solo.  Don't give up music and don't give in to booze.
I'm so sorry to hear of your struggle...I've found comfort in the past in the idea that by losing or letting go of something it creates space for the next thing. That's always happened for me even though I couldn't see it when things felt raw. I look forwards to reading your 'next thing' post here some day!
Jeez sorry to hear that but the reality of the situation is that you probably need the change as does your friend.  Moving on and change are hard to deal with but they make us stronger in the long run.  This may be for the better in the long run.  ..For now it is a bit of a shock but you will get over it given time.  Hopefully things work out for you...Congrats on your 3 years its good to hear from you. I hope everything else is going well. \o/
I'm really sorry to hear this but I'm also very proud that you are going to experience this and get through it without drinking!
Listen /u/umbringer --I can not count how many great creative types really hit their stride AFTER just such a bust up.  So this is what I would do feel bad tonight--tomorrow begin planning the next stage in my music career.  
Sorry for your grief my friend.  But maybe this will workout better in the long run.  At least we hope so. It's interesting to me that you say the problem is that you had a bad attitude.  I stopped drinking almost a year ago and the longer I go the more I realize what an asshole I can be and indeed was.  I am trying to fix that but it ain't easy.  Best wishes to you.  Stay strong and keep playing!
As 1 door closes another opens sorry for your bad news chin up.
Get on craigslist man - there's always people looking to jam!..edit: Optimist point of view - look at it as an invitation to meet new people and create more music
My sincere condolences OP but I'm gonna echo what others are saying and wish you a smooth and speedy transition to an evenmore fruitful band/project to contribute to and grow with. I especially look forward to hearing updates from you!
I was in a band for 7 years. We toured together lived together played shows together. They were my friends and my family. They drove me crazy and at times I wanted to kill them. .But the relationship with band mates is complicated and leaving a band after many years is harder than any break up at least for me..I'm so sorry for your loss. I hope that you and your band mates can reconcile to some degree. I'm really feeling for you. Hang in there and stay sober. I'm only 3 months in but I promise I won't drink tomorrow in solidarity with you.
"Didja hear Tommy's quittin'?" I was just getting my guitar tuned. I had just got on stage. I thought it was a joke. Of course I would be the last to find out. Tommy was like that. I don't blame him for not saying anything to my face it had to be really hard on him too. Fuck. and it WAS sad because I looked out at the people there and it was like a sea of heads wall to wall people. They quit letting people in the fucking door! the place was over-capacity and this guy wants to quit. Good fucking grief. I wish I hadn't drank that night. I remember I had a pitcher to myself with 4 full glasses on my amp. I threw one back and said to myself "Remember this dude this is it. This is as far up as you are ever going to get." And I got shitfaced really drunk and I remember very little. That was sometime in '95 I guess. God how the young waste their youth. Stay strong Ums you got this. :)
I just got kicked out of my band of 4 years about 8 months ago. Getting over it was really hard. Were not friends anymore. I was very depressed around the time I got kicked out. My issues led to it. ..I since have started my own band and done my best to turn my hurt into the most fucking kick ass band ever. I love my band and feel that without this terrible event in my life I would not have put so much into it. I even wrote fake brake up songs about them leaving me in the incredibly hurtful way they did. ..Get a new project and fuck them all by blowing it out of the water. Greatness is the best revenge and hurt is the best inspiration.
It is surprisingly hard when a band breaks up. Hang in there...And hey this might end up being a springboard for you to make some damn good music. Congrats on staying sober through all of this I know how rough it can be.
Hang in there sober friend. Congratulations on not even considering the bottle which would make the situation worse. Things will look up soon!
There's isn't a problem alcohol couldn't make worse. When another door closes another one opens.
I'm on the opposite side of this. I've been in a band for 11 years and I'm parting ways very soon. They're all party animals and it's not good for my sobriety and I also want to take my career to a more professional setting with musicians who take the music much more seriously than the booze and drugs. I'm sure it's very hard for the person walking away. I'm coming to you from the perspective of someone who is going to do that. Being in a band for that long creates a brotherhood and it's not easy to leave family but it will somehow become a good thing to have happened in the end. I wish all the best on your career and choices. 
I'm sorry you had to hear this news in such a way.  I would hope that a long term friendship/partnership would deserve a conversation over an email.  Once you are able to process this it might be worth meeting up or talking it out in a rational way (that's how I would have to handle it not sure of your situation). Perhaps this could be seen as a new opportunity to find some different people to work with.  Whatever happens staying committed to you sobriety over anything else is the most important thing.
That sucks man. It's uncomfortable feeling sad or frustrated and often we try to minimise them or distract ourselves from those feelings (with things like drinking). But when we minimise an uncomfortable feeling then we minimise all our feelings including the good feelings like happiness joy wonder and hope. When we can't express even the good feelings fully then we look to increase them with something else (like drinking). So sit with uncomfortable feelings and know they're not you but also that they take us places we need to go. 
I had to leave my band of 7 years last year because of my fucked up alcoholic behavior. It's really too bad but it was time anyway. ..My best friend was the drummer who also quit after a breakdown and was on the brink of suicide. We were just going too hard partying and lost all the momentum we gained. It was time...Now my friend and I are both sober ready to take this seriously and go on tour next year...Perhaps this is just a new chapter for you. 10 years is a long time to play and not find success. Godspeed!..
That really sucks. Hopefully you can move on and find something else. I think you can but for now... yeah for now it sucks.
More people than you will ever meet are pulling for you. Stay strong.
Glad to hear you aren't going to let alcohol back in! That is a GREAT sign of just how strong you are now. I am so proud of you!!..Sorry to hear about your band breaking up tho. I know some people wouldn't get it but I think that IS a real loss and a person has every right to mourn that loss. You can do this...you got this ! :)..Stay strong sober friend!
I'm a musician as well.   What do you play?...If you're a song writer this is some great fuel for art.  Channel it!
i believe in you!
