-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x0m6d/the_big_50/

Hey guys! ..I don't post here much but I just want to thank everyone for all the support they give here. I'm 50 days out of drinking now and I feel great. No wasted nights no regrets and life is starting to norm out a bit. ..I've definitely had some struggles. Learning how to socialize again without a drink in my hand has been odd and I'm definitely not happy with my progress in that realm. ..I have experienced boredom pretty bad as well and I picked up gaming again as a result which is kind of cool because I never used to have the time! But I hope to turn this into more physical training and weight lifting! ...This post on the top posts is what really caused me to reevaluate my drinking and pushed me over the edge to try one day at a time. ..http://imgur.com/a/3WeZ5?gallery..I'll be back stopping in the daily check ins and when I hit some important milestones but I wish you all luck and success in your own journeys!..You haven't seen the last of me!!! 
----------immediate responses--------

thank you for posting that image.  i hadn't realized they all were sober now.  ..I look forward to seeing you around
Boom. Just crossed 50 myself. Keep on keeping on...[50 yo](http://i.imgur.com/GH2iOLG.jpg)
Congratulations! One thing I really love about sobriety is getting my concentration back and being able to game and read again. The social stuff has taken longer to come around but slowly I am working it out. Keep working at it - you'll be vanilla-normal before you know it!
Congrats on the milestone! The social bit comes and goes with me. One day I feel like I'm not missing a beat and the next I can't hold a normal conversation to save my life. I'm trying to exercise patience with all the little adjustments I'm having to make. Even if things aren't always getting noticeably better I can say with confidence that they're not getting any worse 
Thanks for the link. It's funny because I browse Imgur regularly and I've noticed that they sensationalize alcohol quite a lot.
That's awesome and feels like a mirror. Havent played video games in years but my early days I popped in Skyrim tobstay busy. It got me over that insomnia hump and aint looked back. But definitely get into the fitness. Over summer I got a bench weights and squat rack. But i was entering mybtrue out of control spiral. It was just 3 days ago I felt mentally &amp; emotionally ready to start that routine. It's great and I feel great.  .Look forward to seeing you around. Keep it up.
Congratulations!! Thank you for posting that link. I have it bookmarked now. Keep on keepin on!
Thanks for the gallery link OP. Really inspiring to see all those cool dudes saying the same stuff that's been on my mind since I quit a month ago.
Thanks for sharing this :) 
