-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x13ww/something_dawned_on_me_while_i_was_thinking_of/

I was nearing the end of my workout at the gym and thought to myself how great a cold beer would be while I caught the end of monday night football.  Then I started to think about this sub and how not once have I read a post about how it was worth it.  Not one person has come here to say that that relapse and night of drinking was fun and that maybe they're not an alcoholic after all.  Not one person has come back to say they have found that sweet spot of moderation and that it is working wonders for them. That was enough for me to just come home and have a ginger ale.  I know I will continue to be tested I'm just happy that I won today.
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you! Keep on winning one day at a time.
It always starts with one beer. .."It didn't hurt anything right?" ..But so many people can attest to the fact that that isn't the case. ..I wish it were as simple as that. Have a few beers on Friday with the guys. Go a few months and maybe have something with a nice steak dinner. ..But you're right it doesn't work and it isn't worth it.
Kudos for 48 days. Keep up the good work and wise thinking!
I know it's such a small thing to people who don't get it...but these small victories are huge! So big congratulations to you!!! Getting through those kinds of thoughts are difficult. When I get them...until I distract myself or get onto this forum...I'm always 100% sure I'm going to give into my craving. But after coming here and reading stories like this....I can usually get through the worst of it...to the point that I just...move along...without the wine. Thanks for sharing and congratulations!
My first relapse I thought I was "cured" because I had only  a couple glasses of wine with my aunt &amp; friend &amp; didn't go out to buy more once that bottle was empty. Two days later I was puking up whiskey in that same friend's backyard. So here I am. You're right moderation doesn't work. At least for me. ..I am so happy to hear you fought that &amp; won. I'm going to bask in your victory with you if that's ok :) 
