-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x2jtw/did_something_hard/

But I don't regret doing it in the least...(Tl;dr I did a game where I "came out" publicly about my drinking problem and my suicide attempts.)...I recorded a game called "Actual Sunlight" over the past couple days (it is a text-based game that is VERY long--in fact the video is over 2 hours itself!) which is about a man who tries to fight himself and his Depression but ultimately loses in the end. He commits suicide by jumping off a building. I had done this game back in April I believe but because of my own suicide attempts I had to delete it from my channel. That and another game just like it. I re-did the other game months ago and it was time to re-do this one so I could express myself and let others know that they are not alone. I suffer from Major Depressive Disorder and I myself nearly succeeded in killing myself twice. Got sent away to a psych hospital twice came home and crawled into the bottle. You guys know that song already. ..At the end of this video I laid my soul on the line and told that story about the night I OD'ed and then after getting out of the hospital the first time how I tried to hang myself. Then I admitted to the world and to myself (which I have done but I have never publicly admitted it except for here) that yes I am an alcoholic who can not handle alcohol period. I am powerless over it and I can not drink like "everyone else"...I can not "moderate" or fool myself into thinking that I could control myself if I have even ONE sip. I know where that one sip will lead me and I hate to think of going back to that dark place again...That was a hard video to do on ALL fronts but I am glad I did it and I hope it helps SOMEONE out there who is struggling and thinks they have no one who understands them. I do on both issues. I may be on camera a lot and what people see is a funny-ish generally happy person but I am just a person who hurts who cries who laughs who has problems that run pretty deep who makes videos...Thanks for reading this incomprehensible rambling. I know it makes no sense but I just wanted to get it out here that I did it...I am going to attempt to donate today. I don't have high hopes. I am on the verge of just giving up on that. I will not drink. <Cringes> ..That is going to be a hard one again today. Positive and motivated yesterday not so much today. Struggling against myself. I will be OK. :)..TY for reading!!
----------immediate responses--------

Huge step and hard work reflected here.  Keep doing what you're doing.
Seeing people you don't expect to have alcohol problems say they have alcohol problems is one of the things that helps me most. It shows me how that there's nothing wrong with these people they are good people alcohol just effects them differently than most and that means the same is true for me. I know it's not easy to talk about at first but it does get easier the truth really does set you free. It's go to the point with me now where I need to hold it back some cause people are getting sick of hearing it.
I really admire your strength.  What an awesome step.  ..Is it ok to tell you I am proud of you???  Aww screw it I'm proud of you!  
Wow that's huge to reveal something that personal and painful. Congratulations on that!
Hugs to you! I am inspired by your bravery and honesty. Thank you for sharing.
