-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x3lhc/terrifying_drinking_dream/

Hey Sobernauts..Just wanted the share the terrifying dream I had last night with all of you. It felt so real and really freaked me out. ..In the dream I had a beer. Just one. I don't even remember ordering it and didn't enjoy it or even really think about it. I just had it. Once it was finished I realised what I had done and just started to panic. ..I knew that I had to reset my badge I was pretty confident that I couldn't stay a mod here on SD (which I love) and knew how much of an effect this would have on my marriage (my husband's biggest fear is that I will start drinking again - he knows the statistics.) So many people are so proud of me and it would be so tough to let them know that I've failed - again. ..So being the addict that I am I started to make a plan to cover it up. I would just pretend it never happened. Nobody saw me do it so if I just never tell anyone about it it didn't happen.  No need to reset my badge. Just lie to myself constantly until I started to believe it. The anxiety about this was crippling. ..I woke up and didn't immediately realise it was a dream. About 10 minutes ago I realised it had only been a dream that I haven't relapsed and that I don't need to lie to myself and everyone. ..It was horrific but pretty sweet timing. I'm currently on holidays in Canada and on the weekend I'm going to my hometown to spend time with my extended family and there are many heavy drinkers in my family. I feel like my subconscious decided to 'play the tape forward' for me and I'm glad it did. ..I sure as hell won't be drinking today (or anytime soon.)
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man I remember those dreams :(..Glad you're here and sober with us. We've never had a mod relapse. I don't think you'll be the first. I love your sobriety...PS: Canada rocks.
I had a gnarly one last night after day 1. Downed a 40 ouncer of silent sam with my brother while playing video games in my dream. Spooky. Woke up and hit the exercise bike instead. Disaster averted :) 
That's actually a good sign from what I've heard it means you are finally giving up on alcohol.
Eeesh I had my first last night :( it felt *so* real. Hangover and all...I'm really glad for you that you've had this dream with such good timing - hope it helps you have a safe and enjoyable holiday!
I had a bad night as well...is it something in the air? I am "close-ish" to Canada (I live in NE Pennsylvania so the border is meeeh...5 hours (?) away?) so maybe...I dreamt that I kept finding bottles of wine everywhere and I kept downing them but more would appear. There were people but they were all shadows...and they kept clapping me on the back saying WELCOME BACK and telling me not to worry that my badge was given up long ago and it really doesn't matter anyhow. They told me that this is what I was made to do...which in the dream I believed. I woke up craving wine AND crying. That set the stage for that terrible craving a little later on. What does THIS mean?..Edit: just re-read through this and man if this doesn't confirm that I indeed am an alcoholic then NOTHING will. &gt;_&lt;
I've had at least 2 or 3 of those thus far and I remember the tangible anxiety and disappointment up until I realised that they were dreams.  Didn't know this was a thing - thanks for sharing. ..Keep on being strong and enjoy your holidays!
[deleted]
Ugh those dreams are the worst. LOVE that feeling of relief though when I figure out it isn't real.
I've had more than a few of those they're awful. So relieving to wake up and realize it was nothing more than a bad dream!
I hate the dreams where I am at a party and I am trying to sneak in a drink without anyone noticing. I am usually wandering around in someone else's house looking in cupboards for a bottle of wine or better still vodka. ..I relive the subterfuge the deviousness the fear of getting caught. Jeez it's such a relief when I wake up and realise it was a dream. Thank you subconscious mind for that reminder of what my life used to be like. 
