-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x3ndq/3_days_down_3_tips_that_have_helped/

So it has been 80 hours since my last sip of alcohol. While I don't want to make it seem like it has been easy it has been going really really well. I feel bored a lot but my body and mind feel great. It seems like a lot of folks on here have been struggling a lot more than me so I wanted to mention a few things I am doing that I believe are really helping me get through this first week. ..1. I am drinking at least a gallon of water per day. There are many benefits of doing this even for non-drinkers but especially for us. Instead of dehydrating myself I am rehydrating myself. My skin already feels better and I think it has helped with energy and focus. Whenever you get an urge drink a cup of water. ..2. I'm working out every day. I know I'm not the first to say this helps but it really takes my mind off drinking. Also I realize that drinking would basically kill any progress I just made working out that day. It's hard to get off the couch but this isn't supposed to be easy. ..3. Think about the next morning. Don't just think about how you feel at the moment or how lame life seems. Think about how much better you're going to feel about yourself tomorrow if you can grind it out and not drink tonight. No hangover no regrets no extra calories no liver damage no failure no day ONE again... Don't forget to be proud of yourself either. Every morning with no booze in your system is a prideful victory. ..That's my two cents for the day. Good luck guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thinking about tomorrow is always such a great deterent for me. If I have any thoughts of drinking thinking about tomorrow makes me immediately say "eww hell no". I really love my alcohol-free mornings too much to give them up. 
Good tips.
Outstanding advice.
Solid tips!
This is a GREAT post! Thanks for sharing your wisdom with us and congrats on your accomplishments this far :)
This is it.
This is awesome advice!
Thank you for this!
Cool. I should start drinking more water again I started off drinking lots and I always have water at bedtime but throughout the day I've slipped into bad habits drinking too many soft fizzy drinks. Thanks for the reminder :)
Thank you this is exactly what I needed to hear as I am finishing my 2 liter of Coke Zero. I need to get water in me! 
Congrats on the three day roll great tips drinking water at a bar right now....nary an urge. Thank you SD. Thank you Allen carr
good stuff
tomorrow tomorrow
[deleted]
something i noticed this morning is that i heal allot faster now i had a cut i got on monday and its already sealed up no scabbing or anything and fading away..that used to take at least a week or even longer when i was drinking i also have not gotten sick at all and ive got kids in school thats kind of an anomaly around here lol 
Wow! I'm glad you all enjoyed this it was a nice surprise to log on and see all the kind words
It might not be a bad idea for some people to talk to a doctor before drinking a gallon of water a day. With chronic drinking/cirrhosis what actually happens is there's a chronic depletion of certain electrolytes like sodium called hyponatremia magnesium (hypomagnesia/hypomagnesemia) and zinc (hypozincemia but they don't check for this one yet). Drinking too much water can actually potentially make these *worse*. Drinking milk is totally fine (and even encouraged!) if you're not lactose intolerant eating plenty of fruits and vegetables is great... but too much water = maybe not a great idea. Eating potatoes can also help with electrolytes and other micronutrients.
Awesome - well done!..Fully agree that thinking about the next day is a great deterrent. I have a clear clear image of how dreadful and anxious I felt after boozing - that it just scares me off!
