-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x6fkj/struggling/

I'm in a bad place. Need to cut the. shit. Drinking twelve to twenty nips of 100 proof vodka every night for the past two years. I only count the two years because I got out of jail for drunk driving two years ago. I've always had problems with consequences. A plus B doesn't always equal C in my mind. Roughly 5 years (minus the 90 days jail time) have passed with me downing 10+ drinks nightly. My first kid is due in early April. I know depression is a factor in my drinking but also I come from a long line of drunks on both sides of my family. I take responsibility for my behavior but I'm so tired of this shit. I've been fucking up really bad lately. I just need some motivation/encouragement. Sad that I gotta look to reddit but this is super important. I want to be a good father.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  It's not sad to look on reddit.  You are reaching out to make changes in your life because you recognize that things could be better without alcohol.  That's not sad that's fucking awesome!  Modern technology here to help people sort through the shitstorm of life!..You sound motivated to make the changes you need to be there for your family..How do you think your life might be different if you cut out the booze?  
If you're trying to stop and this place helps there's nothing sad in that. It's being resourceful. ..I'm a father as well in my 50s. So many years of drink. Yes my kids benefited but in truth I didn't stop for them. I stopped for me and me only. It was a selfish act. Necessarily so because the thought of my kids and my responsibility towards them hadn't gotten me to stop--it just made me feel worse about my shitty self when I drank anyway...I had to find some sense of compassion for myself to want to stop the pain no matter the cost and as my most important goal. All the other benefits--my fitness as a parent as a business owner an adult living in the world and not a victim of it--that all came after. ..Planning helped me. I didn't go to AA (though changed my tune on being willing to) or rehab but I did get an addiction counselor and gradually added features to my own stop drinking plan. What are you thinking about a plan for you?
Looking on reddit is NOTHING to be ashamed of! If I hadn't found this place a couple of months ago I wouldn't be where I am now in my sober journey. By that I mean I am 95% sure I'd be passed out drunk now.......Wanting to be a good father is very amicable but I have heard it said many a times that you have to quit for YOU. I've had 2 girlfriends that gave up smoking for me (to my knowledge they didn't cheat) but both were back to smoking within a week of the breakup. Maybe not a great example but it can translate into "Oh the baby is staying at the grandparents this weekend time to drink!" or something similar...The information in the sidebar is extremely useful. Keep posting and good luck!
