-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x7j3v/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_how_alone/

I am a volunteer - a 'civilian' in correction officer speak - which they do by radio as they report our movements within the facility.  This status allows me to pass through the five locked gates between them and us.  It is always a great feeling to hear them open as we approach...Last night we finished up the 12th step which talks about putting the changes of the previous steps into practice in our lives.  And so the topic of change was the center of the discussion...One man talked about the disappointment of not having his life become perfect when he stopped drinking - and how that caused him to relapse and do things to make it a whole lot worse he said **"no matter how my life may suck sober  drunk or using - it would suck so much more"** He went on to talk about how beating himself up held him back in that past.  How his situation (in prison for 20+ years with no end in sight) could send him into a spiral but that the one thing he had control over in his life - his attitude - was what was making it ok for today...Another guy talked about the glory days which seem to have included the parties I was never invited to and how even in the midst of all the drugs and women he was still unhappy wanting more but he didn't know what.  "I think I'm finding it here"..I spoke about how much an isolate I was - how disconnected - and how to a great degree that has changed - again by doing the steps.  How the short version is that today I am comfortable in my own skin...Last week I posted an agnostic version of the steps which work for me those who have trouble with the God part of the AA version might look at it  [agnostic steps](https://redd.it/3wdrft)  disclaimer: it's just a snap shot - these tools are like a socket set - there are may attachments available to tighten my loose screws... ..This meeting is the highlight of the week for some of these guys to some we are their only family.  The ride home with my partner in this was spent realizing how important it is in our lives too...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your service to these guys but also to SD - the knowledge you drop is important 
Thank you for these posts.  I look forward to them every week.  They are very inspiring.  Two things I personally get from this one:  ..&gt;He went on to talk about how beating himself up held him back in that past.   ..It's so easy to get caught up in shame and frustration about not being able to achieve perfect sobriety the first time out of the gate but now it seems like that's just a loop right back into drinking/using as those were my ways of coping with strong negative feelings.  I love the phrase "progress not perfection" for this reason; it reminds me that I don't need to solve all my issues in one day as long as I'm at least taking positive steps in the right direction.  ..&gt;I spoke about how much an isolate I was  ..This sentence reminds me particularly during these short and dark winter days (in the northern hemisphere anyway) of me sitting on my sofa with a drink in my hand.  All alone and plenty lonely but using alcohol as a way to (unsuccessfully) deal with this.  I now feel a tremendous compassion for that person as well as so much gratitude that things are getting better.  ..Again thank you...
There's a saying at my AA homegroup: "life sucks less sober".
Curious how AA meetings fit with prison when long-term sobriety is forced on the members and there's no chance of a relapse in the foreseeable future.  Is there access to stuff like prison wine? Is everyone dwelling on what happens the day they get out (even if it's in the year 2037)?  Does attendance look good to the parole board?  I guess I'm trying to understand the motivations and how it fits with the distant outside world.
