-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xa51r/ive_got_to_get_to_some_meetings_i_feel_like_im/

So here I am at day 32 and I haven't relapsed. My problem is that besides not drinking my routine is the same. I went to one meeting the second week and none since. I'm living alone for the first time ever my daughter is spinning out of control and avoiding me. I have to build a support system but I'm just inert. I know this isn't healthy any suggestions on how to build more positive momentum?
----------immediate responses--------

Into my 7th year now I find that my agnostic meetings that we've been birthing here in Cleveland are really bringing me a great deal of joy and satisfaction.
Maybe give exercising a try? Getting your body moving can have a profound positive impact on your mental health in addition to your physical health. I know that worked for me...Maybe also read some authors you like or find inspiring. I know my brain does better when I'm putting good things in it. Two I really like are *Man's Search for Meaning* by Victor Frankl and *A Guide to the Good Life* by William Irvine...Sorry to hear you're having a rough go of it. Make sure to hang out here as much as you need to!
Were all here to keep you going have you tried online meetings ive got problems but keep telling myself drinking will only make everything a lot worse as it has always done things will get better well done on your lovely star.
I am really bad about going to meetings and I know it's bad for me. The alky thoughts start to creep back in if I haven't gone for a week or so and I've been down the relapse road before so I know where it's heading. Online meetings have been a godsend for me because they're available almost all the time late at night and I've gotten a lot out of them. I use the ones on intherooms.com if that helps you get oriented.
In the beginning meetings were hard but they worked for me and were a window to a world I did not know could exist.....Some beginner meetings might be in order - connect with others in similar circumstances - Alanon too might be a good idea to deal with your daughter....  even better double winner meetings if you can find them -  they may take some searching out....
