-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xbiek/stopped_drinking_liver_problems/

I went into my doctors yesterday for my physical. I had done blood work previously and was expecting to have the diabetes discussion. Seriously I offered to pay off the lab technician taking my blood to say my blood sugars were perfect. I also expected to hear that I was low iron because I have been tired all the time and frankly dr. Google myself all the time. And of course I am always wrong...First question I get asked is how much I drink. Puzzled I say I don't drink anymore. He asked how long and I tell him and then he asks how long I used to drink and I struggle to actually remember. I want to just say a hell of a lot because frankly I would start with and Mickey and go from there but I never really remembered how much further I went. Turns out his line of questioning was that there are some red flags on my liver...So this is where my head goes. My doctor thinks I'm lying to him! Because no doubt hundreds of patients have lied to me about drinking. So I tell him truthfully that I am an alcoholic and I have completely abstained for around 260 days. I also tell him some of the methods I used to quit drinking. I don't know why I did this maybe because I wanted him to believe me...I started a so-called weight neutral medication 3 or 4 years ago and have put on 80 pounds as a result. So I am on a get healthy now path! My doctor thinks that the liver results were from putting on weight. I assume that this medication makes me hungrier plus I need to take 300 calories when I take the medication so that is an additional 300 calories a day because I have to take it before bed. So more dog walking for me!..I'm sharing this on stop drinking because I can't believe that through my years of heavy drinking my liver survived. Blood tests during these periods came back normal. But put on weight? And my liver says you can't stop doing this to me! Be kinder to me!..I am grateful today for my sobriety. & I am so grateful that I got to say with full honesty that I am sober. Even though I wasn't super happy with the blood results I was proud to say it. And to say it truthfully. Even though that means I have to get on that a healthy food and exercise path. There are worse things. I know. I've been there.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your medical issues.  On the bright side you seem to be in a place now where you can deal with them in a healthy positive way.  You got me thinking that I haven't been to my doctors in a while. I guess it's time for me to book an appointment so I can find out what I need to work on.  I've spent so much time trying to get my brain function at a passable level that I think I've neglected the other parts of me.  Thanks for the reminder.
Nice post...I wish you the best with this.  Your 269 days are awesome...If possible cut out the sugar in your life. You have no idea the positive effects it will have on your health.
Thank you for sharing!!..&gt;So more dog walking for me!..I guess this is the solution...You already talk to your doctor so please ignore me. From what Ive read the liver can recover much better than other organs. I assume that having a fitness plan will help you with that. On top you already show how tough you are by stopping alcohol. I've always said that alcoholics can be very dedicated people. After all we did it with alcohol and we tend to over do whatever we have in front of us. So better diet and some sports... you can do this!!..Although I am sorry you got liver issues I am happy it is not because of alcohol and I wish you the best of recoveries!..
ddc you got it going on.  This coming year is going to be great!  Now let me point out--that we were just talking about the steps and amends right?  Here you did a mini-4th 5th step as it relates to your health.  What lesson might you draw from this?
