-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xck5o/day_11_or_12_post_relapse/

My GP called with the results of my blood test to tell me he's "not happy" with the results. He said one blood test is a single snap shot in time but these results have numbers high enough to indicate liver and pancreas problems. I asked if it were cancer and he said more tests are necessary and I need to see him next week for a physical and he'll order another blood test but values as high as that usually point to liver and pancreas disease which could be cancer. He stressed the "could be" and told me not to worry and that more tests are necessary.  He also said that if I display symptoms of jaundice then I need to see him immediately. ..So that's where my head is at today. I knew I wasn't feeling right and throwing alcohol on top of everything was the worst thing I could have done. I have to avoid all drugs over the counter or otherwise just to be sure there is no interaction with the liver. ..Alcohol is a powerful drug. I have no one to blame but myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this u/introitus--you are one hell of a power of example!
Your post have been really eye opening and helpful to all of us thank you for sharing! I really hope those tests come back looking better after the next round. Like your doctor said try not worrying about those future tests right now. Just focus on the present and not drinking today. ..
False positives and other variations on these types of tests are very normal.  You need to ask your doctor to be performing blood tests weekly to establish a baseline and understand what normal is.  Also make sure you are 100% clear if the tests should be fasting or non-fasting.  This is very important...Blood tests -&gt; weekly.  Fasting or non-fasting.  Establish baseline. Demand this from your doctor.
My ALT or maybe AST results after one horrific binge were through the roof ( normal 40-60 mine were 300+). I stayed off the booze and they went back to normal in just over a month of sobriety. I'm not a doctor but the numbers are just a guideline; don't panic yet!
The way we drink we can really fuck up a liver test in no time. After a year of not drinking everything in my bloodwork was markedly better. Permanent damage withstanding drying out will help you a bunch..  .Godspeed.
