-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xd49j/just_want_to_let_yall_know/

I AM okay. I am struggling and the addiction is really kicking my ever-loving ass right now but I am OK...I had some thoughts too. I know I was waffling on the question if I have a problem or not. Well...ask my friends and they refuse to answer because they don't want to saddle me with a label even though I said that I just need someone to say it to my face so I can hear it and then accept it. I just never had someone be BLUNT with me and that is what I need. I am telling you that is what I need...However even though my friends and people on here won't say it to my face ask the clerk at the liquor store if I have a problem and  you know what the answer would be? (Pardon my French) but FUCK yes. Ask him. Ask him after seeing me slink into the liquor store at 9 in the morning to buy my favorite bottle. 9 am people. I am usually drunk or at least most of the way there by 10 am. That screams alcoholic. I know this but I still need to hear it said to me. That is always how I have been able to change and learn. No "well...I don't know...I can't tell you that...only YOU can tell..." things. I know the facts but my mind won't let me accept it until an outside person SAYS it...I won't go on about this but I had this realization just this morning as I was in the liquor store at 9 am ... again. I was so embarrassed today for some reason. There was a car that had just parked across from the store and I saw the guy (lady) sitting in the driver's side watching me as I came out with a bottle and a shamed look on my face...What in the world am I rambling about? I guess I need to chill out and figure out how I am going to stop. I will be reading here but probably not replying much...nor posting much. This is a place of healing and good. I can't come here if I have NO intentions on stopping or no idea how I exactly want to do that. I have no plan. Meetings don't work. The anxiety overrides any good I would get out of it so that is a no-go. :(..I will be around. Don't worry. I am doing OK right now. Figuring things out. Soul-searching. Trying to find that one thing that WILL make me turn my life around. I am searching...within and without...Thanks all. Please stay strong and I am so proud of everyone here. You are my heroes. :)...EDIT: I just did something that has been a long time coming. I made an appointment with my GP for Jan 18th at 9:15 am. I have a feeling a lot is going to be revealed then so I REALLLLLY gotta get my head in the game and STOP.FUCKING.DRINKING!..Why does that seem easier to say than to do? :(
----------immediate responses--------

Being honest with myself in every way did help. I found I had a shitton off problems. I lost track off who I was and tried to fill the void with booze. Getting back in touch with myself took away the need to drink. That took therapy talking and accepting the situation I was in. ..Although I no longer do AA it was paramount in the process of getting sober. Listening talking and being around my own was huge. Terrifying at first but great once I stepped in for the first time.
I'm so glad to see you back and that you're at least okay. I relate to everything you say here. Just some food for thought have you thought of inpatient rehab or is it something that could be considered? I was at a point where you had to Lock. My. Ass. Up. to stop me from myself. Blunt was the name of the game in there. Living 30 days with a bunch of other alcoholics and therapist's I couldn't get away with any of my rational. They would call me on everything. Just a suggestion based on my experience. No matter what stick around and read and post. No one does this alone support is key in my opinion. You CAN do this! 
Good for you I've been thinking about you; and I was really happy to see your comments.  ..Stay strong you can do it.  I think about my friend /u/nonnymouse69 and /u/sarahsiddonscooks and how they went through so much and are still here--even with some genuine moments of joy.  You too have a lot to give if you can stick this thing out till you get to the good stuff.  
Glad you're here Mama! I'm almost certain you can live the life you want as the person you want. I think you have it in you.
&gt;That screams alcoholic. I know this but I still need to hear it said to me. ..I had wrestled with similar excuses for a while: on the day I quit I decided not to wrestle with whether or not I was an alcoholic what mattered was that I recognised I had an unmanageable drinking problem and needed to stop drinking "for a while" (I couldn't imagine long-term) .... so I stopped that day.
From the FAQ:..&gt; Post only while sober...&gt; We recognize that many people spend months "lurking" this subreddit while drinking. You are welcome to read as much as you'd like while not sober. However for the sake of everyone here and for the sake of your own recovery please only post or comment when you're sober. "Sober" means "not currently intoxicated or under the influence in any way."
[removed]
I did my share of things that when I sat back and thought about it realized were the actions of an alcoholic.  If I was at the liquor store at 9am I think that would be one of those things that would confirm what I'd like to deny about myself...If you still have that bottle of liquor left from this morning I'd find it helpful to pour the rest down the drain if it were me.  Show myself that this is how I take control and make strides towards getting better.  
1 day at a time is the way to go you know it makes sense.
I'm so glad to see your post :) We hit some bumps and ravines and canyons along the way but there's always still hope. It took me a while to get a good grasp on mine. You can too.  You made my night. 
Here is what I did:..I wrote a list of as many situations I got into when I was drinking...injuring myself or others embarrassing myself or others breaking things losing things ending friendships and losing family...all of the health problems associated with my continued drinking. ..Then I wrote a list of all of the wonderful things alcohol did for me...All of the ways it improved my health improved my relationship with family and friends made my career better.....And I compared the lists...Guess which list was longer?...So when I have challenges that come up I remind myself there is no way alcohol is really going to improve it for me.  Getting drunk will either put my problem on pause (by avoiding it or numbing myself) or escalate the problem whatever it was...By making those honest lists...and realizing how long the "Con" list was vs. the "Pro" list I realized I was gradually killing myself and life was out of control.  ..Going to the Doctor and posting here are good starts.  Building a support system was important for me and has been life saving many times.  AA friends my sponsor my SD buddies my family and friends who have been 100% in my corner during my struggle to stay sober (I have really distanced myself from the "drinking buddies")...and when life kicks me I tackle the problems one step at a time. Like getting sober is only one day at a time for me tackling a big stack of problems can't be done in one bite...prioritize and tackle them one at a time...You can do this...and you aren't alone.
