-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xd67n/yesterday_was_100_days/

This will be mostly a rambling recap of the thoughts that went through my head yesterday as I celebrated 100 days alcohol free.  ..It was great.  Unexpected even that I'd ever get this far not drinking.  I discovered so many problems that I didn't even realize were problems until I had an alcohol free perspective.  ..Back in early September I was depressed.  I was stuck in a cycle of working and drinking feeling like I was biding my time until something good came along.  Once something good happened I wouldn't be depressed anymore and I wouldn't need to drink so much.  Or so I thought.  ..I hated my job.  Underpaid unchallenged my boss wasn't advocating for me and no one seemed to notice how talented I was.  I looked elsewhere.  I turned down a couple job offers that I didn't think were improvements and got rejected for a couple other jobs I wanted.  I felt really low and unwanted...So I got incredibly drunk at my friend's wedding and had the hangover of a lifetime.  I didn't want to drink the next day and thought I should take some time off.  So I did and extended it to a week then two then I posted on Reddit and came here.  During that time I decided to make it a permanent change.  It made sense finally that I needed to do this...Flash back to Christmas Eve last year as I sat at my parent's dinner table with a beer in front of me looking across to my Mom with a worried look on her face.  "You know I'm not an alcoholic right Mom?" I said.  She answered "I know but with what your sister's been through I just don't like seeing it at all"...I live in Texas she's in Connecticut.  She just didn't realize it was part of the culture here.  We drink everywhere in Austin.  It's just a normal part of life.  ..As I'm explaining that I've got my shit together and basically describing a textbook functioning alcoholic I'm thinking about the bottle of Jameson I had bought earlier in the day that I had hidden in my travel bag.  I hid it because my parents would give me shit about it not because I was an alcoholic right?  I mean it's dealing with my family of course I have to drink.  And the one or two beers I can have in front of them before they judge me isn't enough.  But I wasn't an alcoholic...I didn't realize at the time my sister had relapsed and was drinking again.  I knew she was having problems but thought it was just anxiety and her bipolar disorder.  She had to leave her job because of frequent migraines.  I was supposed to go watch football with my brother in law after Christmas but my sister wasn't feeling well so I stayed at my parents.  She was drunk that morning and didn't want me to see her like that I eventually learned...Then a few months later she calls me out of the blue.  I thought she was having a manic episode from the way she asked if it was really truly her brother.  I was concerned but didn't know that she was actually just drunk until she told me a month later the week before she went to in-patient rehab...I thought about quitting drinking to show solidarity with her.  But she had the problem not me...I had a healthy buzz going the day she was able to call me from rehab.  Her phone time was limited so we only got to talk about 10 minutes and I spent the whole time trying to not sound drunk.  Because she had the problem not me and my drunkenness might hurt her...I waited until yesterday to tell her I'd stopped drinking.  I told my parents a couple weeks ago and there was no huge applause no parade in my honor.  Just a "That's great honey".  I think deep down knowing I've stopped drinking makes them worry more than makes them relieved thinking something horrible happened to cause the change...Nothing horrible just a need for something different.  Just tired of being hungover unhappy feeling unsexy whenever I look at my beer gut in the mirror.  Tired of waiting for my job situation to improve for happiness to finally find me and the money to start pouring in...My fiancee wasn't on board completely at first.  She didn't think I was an alcoholic.  Then she was worried we'd miss out on things if I never drank again.  Then she worried about her own drinking.  She still feels guilty for drinking in front of me but she doesn't realize how much she's cut down.  Three beers is the most I've seen her drink on a weekday in the past couple months.  I've seen her actually drunk on a weekend maybe twice in that timeframe...I'm happier than I've ever been at my job.  I was on the cusp of getting promoted but never fully took command of the situation and proved why it needed to happen.  I've started doing that.  Instead of being hungover the first half of the day I'm coming in and going straight to work.  I got promoted a little while ago and good things are happening...And it's no coincidence.  My state of mind went from expecting good things to happen to making those good things happen.  I joined a specialized learning program at work started reaching out to executives and VPs with my ideas and my department head says "my stock is sky high right now".  I've got his support in my plans to revamp how my department operates and know if I nail this and work my ass off I will be rewarded...If I was drinking this would be the point I'd back off and doubt myself and think I couldn't actually achieve something big.  I've been trained to think little of myself and that's not the case right now.  I breezed through school and have always been able to achieve "good enough" without much effort.  It takes effort to go from "good enough" to "great".  I want to put in the work and I've got the confidence I can...And I've had the crazy idea that I laughed at in college and for years after that I might just go and get my MBA.  I suffered through school once why would I do it again?  I want to learn and for once in my life I know I can do it.  I see where my potential is and I want to strive for it and put in the work.  That didn't happen when I was drinking.  I'd think about having to sacrifice nights of drinking to do extra work or go to class and toss the idea.  But I wasn't an alcoholic...It's not all rainbows and butterflies.  I still have nights of laying awake in self doubt.  I still fight with my fiancee.  I'm nowhere near where I need to be financially to buy a house or even a new car which we've needed.   I owe money to the IRS from 2012 when I decided it would be a good idea not to pay my taxes.  ..But I at least know what I have to do and that I can do it.  Not drinking hasn't given me some magic strength to do anything I set my mind to.  It's just a huge obstacle I've pushed out of the way.  ..I miss happy hours with my coworkers.  I go maybe once a month now and drink mineral water.  The bartenders have been great never once pushed me to drink alcohol and even picked up my tab the first time I told them I wouldn't be drinking.  ..For a long time I was playing with a band and the thing I looked forward to was picking up a six pack and having it all to myself with no one to tell me to slow down.  Now I look forward to creating music and getting that creative release.  ..I need to work on getting off my high horse though.  I've had such good results from not drinking that I found myself judging others.  I can't be like that especially when I run the risk of going back to my old ways if I'm not careful.  My best friend's dad never drank when I was a kid.  He told us about how he was drinking so frequently when he was in his 20's that one day he woke up in a dumpster with his wallet missing and no idea where he was.  He never drank again until a few years ago.  He'd stopped for decades and one day started again.  You're never safe when alcohol has so much power over you.  100 days is a good start but it's just the beginning...I'm looking forward to my fiancee heading home for Christmas.  I'm staying here and I get a small staycation with just my dog and cats.  Last couple times I did that I dropped my fiancee off at the airport picked up a few cases of beer on the way home and spent morning day and night drinking.  I'll have to actually fill my time with something other than getting drunk this time which both scares and excites me.  ..So that's where I stand.  100 days gone day 101 is in the works.  For years I felt trapped and hopeless like I was just waiting around to die.  I'm happy where I am now and look forward to improving the life that I now have control over.  I don't feel reborn but more like I'm breaking out of a self imposed prison. ..I hope to celebrate 200 days 1 year 1000 days and get to the point where I stop keeping count.  I think these first 100 though might be the most important.  If I'm happier than I was when I started I know I made the right decision.  ..Thanks /r/stopdrinking.  I don't think I'd have done this without you.    
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100. You are an inspiration to me and I am sure to others. I need to find this clarity that you have found...Good luck on 101 and beyond!
Great work I think your attitude is commendable. Especially the non-judging towards others. Everything is interconnected you see...Congrats!!
Hail new centurion!
great post and congrats on the success!
Congratulations! 
Yes yes yes!! So much good stuff in your post! Keep going!
Great post! Congratulations. I appreciate your honesty and in-depth commentary. ..Keep it up (-8
Absolutely fantastic. Congrats! Went to UT - know how tough the Austin drinking culture can be. 
You made me cry! In a very very very good way! Just what I needed to hear today Hugs!!
Amazing. Thanks. 
This is an AWESOME post!! Thanks for sharing :)
