-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xebzg/menace_to_sobriety/

I've been fairly severely up and down for the last month or so of sobriety. Some days I don't want to think about being an alcoholic and don't read the big book or read posts on SD and I'll resent the fact alcohol is fucking EVERYWHERE at the moment...another day I have the serenity of Bill W himself! It's a fairly grim roller coaster to be on but it's nowhere near as deadly as the roller coaster I was on for those fifteen years or so. Life isn't easy now I'm sober but it's **better** in a million different ways. I'm still struggling with several things; weight sleep letting go of things I can't always control eating badly too much Diet Coke etc.. However for now it's about sobriety. Progress not perfection. Am both excited for and terrified of my first sober Xmas however so long as I don't pick up the first drink I know I will get through it. I'm  grateful to be sober! 
----------immediate responses--------

Great update KTB--but Bill W was a not a very serene guy.  In fact Bill was often chronically depressed.  Dr. Bob on the other hand was a pretty calm guy and the Sponsor of hundreds of men until his death.
Great attitude!  Can't fix everything at once might as well celebrate the little victories and keep looking forward.  
Awesome update! Thanks for sharing :) I've also had the extreme ups and downs going on and something that helps me is trying to remember that even though I'm on a rollercoaster I AM experiencing ups where I find a peace and serenity that I've never been capable of accessing before. So even though my rollercoaster is quite up and down at the moment I can reassure myself that I have it in me to feel those "ups" and that all I need to do for them to return is to keep letting it all pass and staying sober one day at a time. 
I am right there with you KTB... Rollercoaster is the perfect way to describe my waves of emotion right now. ..I know it will get better. As long as I keep doing the work I feel better when I am down. 
