-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xf3a1/another_weekend_and_back_to_fighting_the_cravings/

First of all sincere thanks to everyone that read my post last weekend. I was feeling really down and defeated and your words really helped. Thank you!..Tonight I had to attend the inevitable work christmas gathering. There was alcohol but I wasn't really tempted. I was never much of a drunk at work parties. But afterwards... that's another story. On the way home tonight the cravings were hitting me hard again as they have been for the last several weekends. Although AA doesn't really click for me I decided to try to go to a meeting just to get away from the debate about whether or not to drink for a while at least. Unfortunately I've never actually been to this particular meeting location and when I arrived a couple of minutes late I couldn't find the meeting. Doors were locked. Maybe it was cancelled. Regardless now I'm back home and I didn't bring booze with me. So there's that...I feel like I'm still in a lot of danger when it comes to giving in to the cravings but I don't think defeat is inevitable anymore. Some days I can't really find any joy in anything that I do. Every minute seems like a struggle and I'm very restless at these times. The loneliness feels all-consuming. But I just grit my teeth and deal with it as well as I can...I want to be a better person and I can't be that person when I'm drinking. I tried for the last 20+ years and failed at everything except sabotaging myself and drinking the years away with nothing to show for it. If I'm not going to work on becoming the person I want to be now then when? That is what is keeping me sober tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that the meeting wasn't open. For lurkers please know this is very rare - at least where I'm from...OP even though there was no meeting there you took the action. I find that taking the action is much more important for my sobriety than getting the outcome I expect. Well done! I'll be sober with ya tonight
Glad to hear you made it through the *inevitable Christmas gathering*! I opted to politely not attend my company party. ..&gt;I want to be a better person and I can't be that person when I'm drinking. I tried for the last 20+ years and failed at everything except sabotaging myself and drinking the years away with nothing to show for it...It doesn't change overnight and it certainly hasn't for me but I have noticed enough has changed in the last 483 days to keep it up. I do go to meetings and it does help to go through the steps and and be with like-minded people. I see today how doing the little things each day helps me stay grounded and centered (admittedly that's not always the case). I have good days and bad days but today I don't have to make either of those types of days worse. It's not easy for sure but it does get easier... of that I am certain. I hope you can wake up in the morning (hangover free) and start the day again. I will be doing the same. Thanks!.
What kind of person do you want to be???.....The BIG problem (I've learned) is the identification with the 'little' me that is so fragile and in danger of becoming the drunk again...But who really is that person??.......That ego that demon that abuser...is a part of me and it's a part of you...but we weren't always like that....so who are we really?..I believe we're searching for something and our alcoholic addiction has been part of the barrier to finding out who we really are...If you're sober right now then you can find joy in that....you don't have to be d'doing' anything right now except to be sober and aware....that's a win right there...Our ego wants to fill up our space with stuff...physical stuff to feel good about experiences to feel joy....alcohol to reward or to ease pain....but none of it ever lasts......What is the one constant???.......Stay sober my friend.....be the space that everything is inside of...Peace and love
