-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xgggd/difficulty_sharing_in_a_meeting/

Hello ..I've been part of a group where people share about their experiences with alcohol and I feel like I have difficulty sharing my experience. I've been with this group for almost 8 year although there have been several relapses and false starts. I recently had 2 years I currently have 4 months. With that being said I may have never truly grasped the principals thus possibly making it difficult to share on something you truly don't understand. I understand and can accept that. But apart from that I really have a hard time sharing. Is there any advice or suggests that could help me share something meaningful instead of just blurting out: I'm glad I'm not hungover today I can't believe I lived that way for so long.....TLDR: Any advise on how to share at a meeting? 
----------immediate responses--------

I think posting and commenting here is great practice.  Why don't you share with them what you said here?  Read it to them in your group?
It can be all to easy to struggle to come up with some grand and deep thing to share.... When really I find the most effective thing is for me to say the first thing that comes to my mind - usually some recent struggle or just how my day went. Frankly I also love when people just say something short like "glad I'm not hungover today." It's an affirmation of why we're all together there. It's a little hard to get started but I bet you will see good results if you can get it going. Good luck!
Welcome. Sometimes I asked a question. However if you do you know you'll get lots of feedback so be ready for that. But it's one way to share. I asked for help in getting a sponsor because I knew that there was more to getting well than just going to meetings. The steps were a wonderful growth experience. Perhaps that's what's been missing for you.
You'll be surprised at how compassionate people are when you share. I go to a meeting here that is comprised of mostly older gentleman who are prominent business owners in entertainment etc. I am on the younger side (29) and most of these guys are 40+. This means that to me almost every share sounds like a masterpiece. The wisdom one liners advice in these shares are ridiculous. How do they come up with this stuff? ..This makes me terrified to share but I know it has to be done in order for me to have recovery. In my head I sound like a bumbling idiot but I know that probably isn't the case. ..I just always tell myself this... 'Contrary action'. If I really don't want to share it probably means I NEED to share. I need to get those feelings out whether it is a fumbling mess or an eloquent prose. ..My advice to you since you asked would be to just remember two things. The contrary actions statement I mentioned above and 'just do it' (corny I know). When I feel like I need to share I make a point to do so first or the quickest I can so I can get it over with. If I wait all meeting to rehearse my share I will just build a ton of anxiety and not actually do it. ..You can do it. People will listen and people will care.  
All I can say is iam really glad iam not hungover today.
Try a Big Book Study Meeting!  Those are my favorite!  I get to "share" by reading part of the story (easy enough I'm contributing without feeling overwhelmed about sharing something exponentially important and inspiring) and the story helps me find something relate-able from my past to contribute as well.  I have no idea what to say when the lead says "The topic this evening is self-confidence" but I can surely come up with something to say after reading Listening to the Wind when the woman describes how she felt out of place in the crowd and in need of a drink.
I have the same problem everyone there talks about their alcoholism and how they were and what they did. I don't really have those stories mine were fun I enjoyed it it just got out of hand REALLY fast for a few months and result of it I had/have to quit. ..I want to talk more about how I'm feeling today how today or yesterday was a struggle to not call up my buddys and go out or how I miss it. But I feel that I may almost be insulting to them to talk like that?
