-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xiulc/thoughts_on_how_to_get_back_on_the_wagon_after_a/

I posted this as a comment to someone but I thought it might be able to help anyone who is in the same position as me trying to figure out how to get the motivation to stop drinking again after a relapse...When I first stopped drinking everything felt so much better and then I drank and it was like I undid all of it and ended up feeling even worse. It was kind of a weird feeling because before I stopped drinking I didn't really think negatively about how much I was drinking it just drank because it is what I did and I felt what I thought was fine. The realization that I needed to stop hit HARD one day and I just completely stopped without a second thought did well for 40 days.... then I drank. Once I had that first drink after that 40 day stretch it was like alcohol had completely changed what it did to me from before I stopped. It was like suddenly alcohol brought me to the darkest of dark places my thoughts were different my actions while I was drinking were different it was like I was trapped in this horrible place I couldn't get out of. The days after that few drink were consumed with toxic thoughts and depression alcohol became something completely different and while I did not want to be in the place it took me (both while I was actually drinking and the place I was sober after drinking) I felt like I couldn't stay away from it. I wanted that mentally numb feeling alcohol used to provide but I also never wanted to feel the way I was again I was so conflicted and desperately hoping I would find some way to get the motivation to start the uphill battle of trying to not drink again...It took me a while to find that I am still not 100% there but I have realized that stopping drinking is not this joyous thing it is a terribly hard constant struggle. That is because it is so worth it though I have always believed that nothing in this world worth having comes easy. If the best things in life came easy would they really be that great? It is through facing our fears taking struggles head on and never giving up that we come to our greatest accomplishments. Not drinking and getting to that place where thoughts are clear and rational where I actually experience life and can feel again will be my greatest accomplishment because it is my greatest struggle...I have had a hell of a time breaking myself out of that cage I felt like I was in when it came time to figure out how to stay motivated and see a reason to not drink again. Know that you are not alone in this and that if you choose to you can make it through and become the person you want to be. 
----------immediate responses--------

There was a point earlier in week Mon? Tues? Where I left work and the craving and desire and everything else was there and I was like "fine let's do this. I can stash till everyonevs asleep and drink then. I've been good." As soon as I acquiesced and mind set for store i changes.  .The voice shut up at once. My stomach started a dull ache in preparation for the poison and hangover. Got real paranoid like I was already drunk and wife knew and was mad and I could have avoided the hurt to kids and pain to self of divorce if I'd just been stronger. .. and I remembered I dont have to relapse. Went on home guilt free and played with kids.  .I dont know. It still isnt easy and i want to drink at times but in that moment I felt nothing but betrayal. Like I had cheated on my wife. It was bizarre. But I reject alcohol for all it's done negatively to me and hate the stuff. I wish you well 8n your travel.
My path included a support group.  (AA but there are others) and despite its quirks and my resistances it helped a lot...results may vary but it works for an unlikely bunch of us
While drinking I feel like a bird in a cage: alive but for what? Birds are meant to fly. ..We are human beings designed to move and think and feel; for better or for worse. Alcohol robs us of that our very nature. I still don't really know what life is like without alcohol but I've got to believe that being true to our human nature will have its rewards. 
