-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xj9qh/what_am_i_doing_wrong/

I just feel like a failure. I can't seem to stop using and drinking complelty. I ask for help and when I do I get it everytime. There are so many people that are in my corner. I have let every single one of them down countless of times. At this point I don't even know how many times I have relapsed. ..I know I don't want to feel but I am sure there are many people that don't want to feel either. That doesn't make them go back out. I must be weak. I am actually annoyed with myself about this. My past is not pretty and I would absolutely love to forget it happened but I can't. I've tried. I have been trying to work on everything in therapy but ever since I brought it out in the open my relapses are happening closer and closer together. ..I just want to stop the relapses. The drinking and using was out of hand and I just can't go back to that. It doesn't solve my problem it just made them all so much worse. I just needed to vent. Thank you all for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I reckon failure happens when you give up.  You don't  sound like a failure to me. In fact you sound like the opposite of a failure..
I'm sorry you are struggling. You are not weak. You are a human being who it sounds like has had some trauma. Sometimes drinking can get worse when we start to deal with it in therapy. What helped me was having a support group. AA or SMART Recovery is common. Glad you're here and hope we'll hear more from you. 
If I got a took a 24 hour chip every time i came back after relapsing I would mistaken for a Pirate with a chest full of gold.  The important thing is I kept coming back.  It sounds like you want it and it's good to see you back.  I found worrying about disappointing others would never be a good enough reason to quit and simply wanting to quit was not enough either.  I had to do it.  Sounds cliche I know but it's the truth.  What have you learned from the past that can help you next time you are faced with temptation and will you put it to use?  These are the kind of questions I had to ask myself.  "What am i doing wrong" was not the right question for me  "What am i doing right" was and reaching out before picking up that drink is of great importance.
Come here and vent any time...that's what this place and us all are here for.....if we can help you even slightly...then we help ourselves...Are you weak?....are you that 'weak' person??....when you don't feel weak...then you're not that weak person......Are you a failure??.....when you fail you feel like a failure....what happens when you don't feel like that...when something works or you succeed at something??...you feel like a success or you feel good...I'm finding this out for myself...but I think what's happening is that we identify with the pain and suffering and then it becomes the default setting....and it's a comfort zone...We define ourselves by our misery...it makes us who we are and we strengthen it with alcohol....it becomes a vicious circle...You only have to do today...past and future are not your friends right now...this moment you don't drink has power in it......What we need to do is focus on that moment...and build from there....I'm no expert but that helps me...Peace and love my friend.........
I don't know if this really applies to you or not but I've seen several people try to stop drinking but *not start* doing anything else...I think that sobriety can be very literally *nothing*. You are removing a hobby a coping mechanism an escape even if it is a negative one. The hole it leaves can be very uncomfortable...In my opinion that's why having a plan becomes almost a necessity. I didn't realize it at the time but in my case I quit to focus on physical training. This gave a clear replacement for the time and positive feelings that alcohol used to provide...Does your therapist have any insights or advice for you?..You are not weak for failing you are strong for trying again.
Maybe you just didn't hit a bottom sufficient to propel you into good sobriety. ..That was my experience for sure. I tried 10 years of therapy and outpatient rehab and then 3 years of AA/CA and things were just getting worse. Then I was able to get beaten into a state of humility. Maybe you and I are similar.
If you go to meetings get as many numbers as you can. Call them. Call them before you feel like drinking. Call someone every hour just to say hi. Call get coffee  go to meetings get a sponsor work the steps. Even if your not that big into the whole AA idea at least get those numbers and call. Stay connected to other recovering alcoholics and addicts. Don't try to fight the fight alone. Stay in contact and ask for help.
I relapsed repeatedly - until one time I didn't..The difference?  I was listening in meetings rather than being pissed that I "had" to be there. ..I got over the "god" thing that I used as an excuse to say I didn't belong - by listening and realizing the room was filled with agnostics atheists and big time backsliders that I really belonged there. 28 yrs later have not been jesusized yet...  I identified with others - rather than comparing.  I refused to believe the outrageous lies my inner addict was telling me lies I had been too willing to accept.....I gave up feeling hopeless - and somehow it worked...
