-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xnhuh/day_0_wanted_to_introduce_myself/

So this would be my Day 0...again.  Last drink was around 10 last night when I ran out of booze.  I have been trying since September to finally kick this addiction (when I admitted to my Mom I was having alcohol withdrawals).  Since then I have detoxed attended as many outpatient intensive rehab meetings my insurance would allow and started attending AA meetings...Still I can't get past around two weeks sober.  While I physically start to feel better I get hit with crippling depression and anxiety that makes it almost impossible to function.  I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety in the past but I haven't taken medication lately because of my drinking and now I am all messed up.  This most recent bout hit me a week ago and led me on a seven day non-stop binge.  Given that I am unemployed have some financial issues and no car I often feel trapped at home which only makes it worse.  My AA meetings are limited to one or two a week due to needing a ride from my Dad (who I live with) and not having many meetings that aren't 20 plus minutes away (or directly across the street from my liquor store of choice)...Anyways I decided I needed more support and stumbled onto this subreddit.  I have spent the last four hours reading through many posts and it has really helped. The depression/anxiety/nausea today has been almost unbearable but I really do think that being actively engaged online can be a great way to find support when I might not have it.  My only real support (besides the meetings I can manage to get to) is my Mom and when I reached out to her last week when I could feel a relapse coming I couldn't get a hold of her.  Maybe if I had known this existed at the time I could have stopped myself...Anyways I just wanted to introduce myself and I am going to try to be an active participant in this community.  Ok time to brace myself for a sleepless night filled with anxiety cold/hot sweats and intense skin itching.  I can't believe I did this to myself again but I am trying to learn from this latest slip.  Thanks for reading and for your support.
----------immediate responses--------

1 min 1 hour 1 day at a time.
Hi welcome!  I've been told that calling the AA office in your area is a good way to access rides to meetings.  Also I've been trying mindful meditation lately and it has really helped me in my anxious moments.  The focusing on your breathing technique has also allowed me to fall asleep faster and I even took my first nap in 15 years the other day using it.  I know the first week can be rough regardless though so hang in there.  Glad you're here!
Yes one minute at a time. The other people at the meetings can also be a good resource for getting to and from meetings also gives you a great opportunity to connect with other recovering people.  
I know how depression and anxiety leads to alcoholism; basically my life in a nutshell. Welcome to the sub it's been incredibly helpful for me and I hope it can be for you too :)
[deleted]
Learning to live with yourself is one of the hardest parts of sobriety. Prior to my current period of being sober I went through a pattern of going 10-14 days sober then relapsing because I still was struggling to deal with those hard (lonely/angry/sad/anxious) evenings. It was like I was half way there but couldn't quite get over the hump. I actually got very angry and frustrated with myself and just said "fuck it" and started drinking every day again and not going to meetings. It was only after several weeks of that and the rock bottom that accompanied it that I realised that I had to stop trying to have sobriety on my terms.
Someone beat me to the free rides to AA thing but re. mental health stuff therapy and psychiatrist visits can be had on a sliding scale basis at your county mental health center. Wait times can unfortunately be pretty long but you can call to get on a list. What is the bus system like where you live? Would your parents help you "invest" in a bus card so you do not have to rely on them for rides?
hi! i'm new too! good luck. 
