-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xq03q/struggling_staying_present/

The holidays are bumming me out something fierce.  I am finding my mind wandering to the past and the future a lot.  Old pain resurfacing causing no good to me.  So hard to get out of my head when I get like this.  I miss drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that. Just remember that drinking wasn't a vacation from your head with no other consequences...Hang in there - the holidays will pass soon enough and your sobriety will be stronger for having gone through them.
I found the book "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle very insightful regarding learning to be present. Learning about how we think our identity is comprised of our thoughts (regrets about the past anxiety about the future) but our identity is separate from the constant steam of thinking was really profound to me.
During these times in early sobriety I was really incapable of getting out of my own head.  Meetings were really helpful for me with regard to this.  After a while I learned the power of meditation and that has been very valuable as well...These are hard times.  Good luck my friend!!!
[deleted]
AA meetings and AA holiday events helped me enormously during this time of year in early sobriety.  I connected with an AA sober club that hosts 36 meetings or more per week.  So there is a continuity of a community at that venue that made the recovery experience immersive and sustaining. 
I know exactly how you feel. The holidays always made me depressed at the best of times without the crutch of alcohol I'm having to face a lot more emotion than I used to. Hang in there.
Exercise helps get me out of my head and into my body in the now. It also helps get rid of my excess emotions...Holidays can be hard. Hang in there!
Hey!  We have about the same amount of sobriety!  And I would really like it if you were to keep it that way! =P You are not alone!  A few weeks ago I found out the man I love has been cheating on me for years I packed everything I could and moved back home with my parents just in time for the holidays.  I'm back in my old dusty bedroom where I spent a lot of nights drinking.  I'm constantly surrounded by my disease.  I can feel the boredom rising up in me with every passing day and I can feel the way that used to make me want to drink.  I want my life back.  I want my cats back.  I want the obligations of being out on my own back.  But at least this time I know what I'm feeling I'm self-aware and when I'm feeling unsure I know I can count on a lot of awesome alcoholics in sobriety to back me up. (: I realized last night that this is the first year I have wrapped Christmas presents without a beer in my hand in 10 years.  I can't image how pathetically incapable I would be today if I had turned to alcohol during this break up and to cope with the holidays.  All the stupid drunken things I'd have texted him how sad my parents would be for me how miserably desperate and unworthy I would feel.  That's what I would have done before getting sober.  I'm so grateful for AA.  I'm smack dab in the middle of a new beginning even on my worst day.  All I'm trying to say is that I'm mentally going through a lot right now too but if you can just make it through today with me I would really appreciate it because I need people like you in my life.
Get the Power of Now...it's an amazing book...it's helping me...Peace and Love
Try this wherever you are look around and note 3 things you *see* 3 things you *hear* and 3 things you *feel.* That's a formal exercise in present mindfulness I learned from u/mare_nectaris that really builds on my smoke breaks or coffee on the porch. Snaps me out of the dread wallow and morose feelings i can get.
I feel you man. Every feeling resurfacing is like a bandaid being ripped off days too soon. But I keep telling myself that if I Work towards healing the wounds I tried to bandage with drinking I won't be in so much pain anymore. Meditation on my breathing and the sounds I hear is helpful for that in those moments of absolutely unbearable head noise. 
