-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xq40j/is_being_incredibly_emotionally_unstable_during/

I've struggled with depression and anxiety my whole life (pretty much what lead me to drinking in the first place) and I basically used alcohol to drown out all my emotions. Now that I've been sober a while I feel intensely overwhelmed by feelings. I went through a rough breakup 5 months ago and it feels fresh again for example. I flipflop almost hourly between feeling on top of the world and like I can conquer anything and being so depressed I want to kill myself. Not to mention the *intense* irritability. It's like walking a tightrope and I'm just barely hanging on...Edit - all your responses reassured and helped me so much! Thank you all this sub is amazing.
----------immediate responses--------

Very much so. I was a wreck and still am from time to time. It is very normal. Everything needs time to reset and find the new normal. .
I have about 10 years of trama to go through. Though my family has always suffered from Manic Depression even when I was drinking it was prevailing...I look at alcohol as this water like sheild that protected me from the trama I experienced. Now that that sheild is gone there are all these back logged emotions that my brain has qued up for me to process. My brain is handing them out on top of each other in a desperate attempt at getting me to handle them and file them away...The weeks after I stopped self medicating I began to have intense emotions. It was as though all of what I had gone through had just happened to me. I had to slow way down and start processing. This involved tears striking out at others isolation pain and most of all the desire to bring back my liquid sheild. ..Here I am. One second at a time. With the knowledge that SD is here if I need it I process in unity with those who are beginning their path into handling the trama that they so adamantly blinded themselves to. It was self preservation. Now it is time to battle on my own with a sword and not a sheild.
Absolutely. I feel highs and lows more strongly and while I am generally more positive I find it takes *much* less to irritate me...It has gotten better but is not all peaches and roses yet. 
yes expected rly
To point out the obvious -- if you are seriously concerned that you might hurt yourself you might want to seek outside help. Suicidal depression is never normal.
Yeah. I'd say that's perfectly normal. I'm right there with you. It seems like every hour decides to brig some new and shitty feeling with it. It's hard to focus hard to zero in on what I have to do it makes my life right now way more complicated than it need to be it's bad enough as is. But there it is. The worst part is you don't feel in charge you don't get to decide how you'really going to feel. But if you really look at it especially as time passes by it feels less and less intense. Your focus starts coming back. You slowly get back in charge. You're a little more prepared for the next thing.
Haha yes.  It's such a roller coaster first few weeks.  Actually looking back it was oddly fun after being numb for so long and then having these waves of emotion come over me.
Oh yeah!!  Your only on the first week and your body is probably physically detoxed.  But your brain that's going to take some time to level out maybe 6 months or more depending on how hard you drank.  ..Everything is right on schedule..&gt;  It's like walking a tightrope and I'm just barely hanging on...All I can say is [hold on loosely but don't let go.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJtf7R_oVaw)..You Got This..
[deleted]
Same man I've struggled with depression and anxiety my whole life. I've been so damn emotional lately it's insane. I just need to remember that these emotions are probably my brains way of expressing those emotions that I kept pent up and hidden the past 6 years. It's just a feeling and they shall pass. Stay strong
On day three I was sitting by myself and I remember crying about something then walking into the kitchen. Ten seconds later I come back out of the kitchen laughing about something I thought of completely forgetting about being upset. Then I sat down remembering I was crying thirty seconds ago. I thought"holy crap I am moody and unstable. Hopefully I can be mindful of this moodiness so people dont think I am out of my damn mind."
I had a panic attack about a week after getting sober (only had a few in my life).  Early recovery is a roller coaster.  The peaks and valleys are jarring at first.  Over time though it's evened out for me.  The years I denied my feelings and emotions did not disappear I only repressed them with alcohol.  Sober I was able to start going through the wreckage and in doing so made real changes in my life.  It does take time though.
Yes it is very normal. I had bad social anxiety the first month or two because I was so used to using alcohol as a crutch with socializing. It's also difficult because feelings you used to drink to to try and forget all of a sudden start coming back. But now you have to actually deal with the problems instead of trying to mask them with alcohol. I don't know if you're in the program or not but AA meetings are a great way to help with those problems. 1. it helps you get those feelings off your chest. 2. anybody in there will drop anything that they're doing to talk to you or help you out. ..If you want information on meetings in your area just let me know and I'm sure I could find something for you. 
Your body is going through a lot of chemical changes to balance itself out.  It takes time and support.  I highly recommend talking to someone whether it is going to an AA meeting or counseling.  
Yes.
[removed]
I had to increase my therapy sessions to once per week again recently. It gets better... get physically active and speak with a therapist if you can. It helps. You're being forced to process thoughts/feelings now that you were avoiding previously. Now is the time to help yourself if you can. 
You're not alone. I'm going through the exact same thing. 
Yes up and down and everything in between at first.  It did balance out and I now feel a nice middle ground 99% of the time.
Yeah for months and months for me. Music and walking helped me. I really had to just work on the basics: eating right exercising right and sleeping right. I always reassured myself saying "it's gonna be okay" or "don't worry about it. It's going to be alright" or "you got this give it some time"
I struggled with this quite a bit. I'm normally a very cool and composed person with not a lot of drastic mood swings. My first two weeks were terrible. I called my sister constantly to tell her how I didn't feel like myself. I was also going through some weird stuff with the girl I was seeing which didn't make anything better but I made it through without drinking. My experience is that it will get better! Alcohol will never be a solution to any of your problems (this is what I would constantly tell myself). Good luck!! Congrats on 7 days!
Damn I hope so. Otherwise I'm in trouble :)
I feel like I came here to ask the exact same question. I am all over the place. I reached the point where I went the longest I had gone without a drink in seven years like five days ago. We can totally do this. I just wish my brain would be normal again. 
Your brain has to relearn how to deal with emotions that alcohol has suppressed for so long. Addiction leaves us emotionally stunted. The good news is it gets better!!! Hang in there!! It can tableau around the 60 - 90 day mark and after that you reach something approaching normalcy.
Anxiety depression sucks. I believe its nutritional too. Magnesium b vitamins d3 etc might help did for me. Fresh air and daylight a little exercise did wonders. Finally the old 90 meetings in 90 days. What a difference.  
The breakup probably feels fresh because you did not process it while wasted and so now you are processing it for the first time.  Well you started drinking because of these feelings so what are you going to do to manage them going forward sober?
It evens out now my depression and anxiety are better than ever.  Could be the same for you best of luck to you!
Yes! Yes! Yes! The cool thing is is that tools are used to manage cravings I could also use to manage anxiety and depression. I have pre-existing anxiety and depression meaning I had it before I became an alcoholic &amp; I still have it but I see a therapist and I'm on medication. But I use emotional coping tools similar to the tools I used getting sober.
