-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xr11f/uncomfortable_about_lying_to_get_through_the/

I'm (kinda) struggling with a  couple things.  I'm going to visit family for a week in Cleveland.  They're pretty cool about me not drinking.  They don't delve into the "why did you stop?" thing so much and after 5 months they stopped offering me drinks...Enter my brother-in-law/friend: I used to get drunk with him on "craft beer" (read: high abv) a lot when we lived close to each other.  He doesn't exactly push me to drink but it definitely has his attention.  I haven't seen him since I was about a month sober but he's sent me some texts asking if I'm still not drinking.  I'm worried he'll ask me to just taste whatever hipster craft beer he's enjoying (lets be honest they all just taste like a lot of hops). ..When him and I are in Cleveland we usually go to a bar to see a mutual friend which I'm told is the plan this year.  I just can't go. It's as simple as that.  I'm not willing to take that risk and I'm sure the fact that I'm not drinking would be topic of conversation so it wouldn't even be fun if I did go.  I don't feel comfortable telling family that I'm an alcoholic so I'm just going to lie and say I don't feel well...I think I could use a meeting while I'm up there as well but I don't really have a good reason to disappear for a couple hours.  I think I'll lie and say I'm going to a coffee shop to get some work done. ..I don't feel great about lying even though it was how I got by during my drinking days (I wasn't really going to the bathroom that often last christmas I was drinking vodka that I packed in my suitcase).  ..The one thing I won't lie about is the reason I'm not drinking.  There's no medication out there that I'm aware of where having a taste of a friend's craft beer would have bad side-effects and designated drivers can have a beer or two and be safe to drive.  I just say "I stopped drinking" and don't entertain follow-up questions...I'm still new to sobriety so I'm posting to get opinions.  Do people with a few years of sobriety use a more honest approach?
----------immediate responses--------

I tell everyone I don't drink. Ever. Work people I just say it isn't something I do. Family and friends I say the truth. I even use the A word. 
I do use a direct and honest approach without involving a lot of details. I can be heard saying "No thanks" followed by "I don't drink" and in the event of probing "I used to drink but I had to stop because it caused too many problems."
I don't lie to people about why I don't drink. My family knows close friends know and if a situation seems appropriate I will tell or share my story with anyone. I've never felt backed into a corner about it but still nothing would change I would tell them and then tell them to back the hell off. I'm not embarrassed or feel shame or anything about being an alcoholic. I own it and it's a core belief and nothing will change that. I agree lying is an old behavior that went along with drinking. Changing that behavior is part of recovery. Having the conversation will be hard to have but it will pay off not only by it getting over and done with but by setting you free to be who you are from now on when you're with friends and family. Lying just postpones it and opens the door to more lies. .Congrats on the 165 days! 
No reason to lie be vague just go for a walk.  ..There's no medication out there that I'm aware of where having a taste of a friend's craft beer would have bad side-effects and designated drivers can have a beer or two and be safe to drive...-if you were taking phenibut it could make you very ill.  I'm sure there are more.  It's in some over the counter relaxation pills...-just say there's no point in having a sip of beer. 
I don't have a good answer for you. I've gone sober off and on for the last handful of years doing months at a time and telling people "I'm just taking a break" only to slide back into it. My explanation was pretty much accepted by everyone. But now I want to be done for good and while I haven't told anybody that yet the truth of the matter is that I think my drinking is getting in the way of my goals. So I think that'll be my answer once I start making it public.
This may be a silly answer but I have found it useful in other similar situations: be chewing gum preferably recently put in your mouth. I do this at the grocery sometimes when they have everyone asking about samples when I dont want any. A double IPA wouldnt taste too good after popping a peppermint gum a minute prior. It also wouldnt really be lying because you are chewing gum after all..
C-l-e-v-e-l-a-n-d?!!  If you're in town Wednesday you can catch an agnostic AA meeting with me.  PM if you're interested.
[deleted]
