-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xuxc2/losing_the_booze_weight/

So after years of drinking and doing zero self-care whatsoever I'm pretty bummed that I'm about 25 pounds heavier than I had been before drinking took over my life. It makes it really hard to feel good about myself and develop the self-confidence I think I need to move forward. Though I relapsed (hard) twice I spent the majority of the last year not drinking and have lost some weight and gotten some comments but I don't feel like it's happening fast enough. While I would love to lose like 2-3 pounds a week I know it would require some major effort and I'm wondering if doing a big life overhaul (quitting drinking calorie restricting gym-going) is too much at this point. I don't want to sabotage myself if results don't happen as quickly as I want them to but I really really want to feel good in my skin again. The holidays don't help as I'm giving myself the all-clear to eat whatever (like 6 cinnamon rolls in 2 days. no joke.) since I'm not drinking. If anybody had success with significant weight loss after getting sober I would appreciate your stories!
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly you might get more information in a sub dedicated to weight loss. ..I needed to gain weight after I quit. For me the issue was relearning how to function like an adult. How much food does a regular person eat? I had a lot of questions and my doctor nutritionist and a counsellors helped build a plan for me...That being said this is a difficult time of year for me to stick to "healthy" eating...My rule if I want to indulge is: "have I sufficiently nourished my body and mind today?"
Within a week or two of quitting I started to shed the pounds. I lost about 25-30lbs over the course of 6 months (and that's with sugar/carb bingeing the first month) I'm sure that with copious amounts of beer being my poison of choice this accounted for such a big loss but anytime you're cutting out a lot of sugars(alcohol) you're gonna lose he weight. .Just keep rolling with the sobriety and take small steps towards a better diet/lifestyle and you'll be golden :) ..Some things that helped me as well: Eat breakfast (a cup of yogurt for me) to help kick start that metabolism and snack on small things throughout the day so you don't end up eating a whole pizza come nightime.
Try /r/loseit.  A great support community.  In fact we poach ideas from one another.
I'm down 10 pounds already.  I find that cutting booze has in addition to cutting useless calories given me more impulse control.  I'm not bingeing on junk food like I normally would and so far have really only had one day where I ate a bit of Christmas baking.  I have little interest in it. ..The day I did give in to sugar though... I was depressed somewhat like a hangover.  I craved booze after the sugar crash.  I think that's the closest I've come to going for beer. ..Otherwise without booze my brain is clear and I feel more motivated to hit the gym.  I sleep better. Better food choices. I'm hitting all the goals I really wanted to when I was drinking but never had the motivation to achieve. 
I've lost about 20 pounds since quitting and none of that included a gym. It helps that my apartment is on the second floor with only stairs and that my husband now takes my car so I have to walk everywhere but the majority of my weight loss came from the first couple of months just drinking water and tea eating fruit and nuts when I wanted to snack on bread and cheese and doing sit ups/jogging in place or walking on my little stepper thing I got on amazon squats while watching my favorite shows using my 5 year old kid for "weight-lifting" etc. I've been lagging on my little workouts and have about 10 pounds left to get back into my normal "in shape" shape though so thank you for reminding me to get back on that and I wish you the very best on your quest =)
Thanks for posting. I feel like I'm in the distinct minority here by not having lost any weight from quitting drinking. I was hoping to but it hasn't been the reality. I have definitely developed a sweet tooth (I used to prefer salty to sweet and I'm struggling with that) but I also do things like eat dinner every night as opposed to drinking a bottle of wine and eating some tortilla chips. My boyfriend is also 6'5" and has the metabolism of a small rabbit. We love to cook and eat and I'm not giving up that element of my life. But some time soon I'm going to have to really address this. Best of luck to you and don't feel bad about the cinnamon rolls..
