-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xw42s/using_sobriety_as_my_foundation/

Hello Everyone..Hope you are all having a great start to your holiday week. I have been making some improvements in my life that I wanted to share with you all. I hope it does not sound like I am bragging just to brag... Well maybe I am just a little bit. But in all seriousness it is my hope that this post will inspire some newcomers and illustrate the FULL life you can live when sober. I hardly have any time under my belt and I have accomplished these things:..1.) I have not indulged in internet porn for 33 days today. This addiction was tough to break but I feel so much better now. It really helps me deal with these intense feelings of loneliness that I have been experiencing. The withdrawals were real. Extreme emotional lows and feelings of depression. I did not even indulge that much and I had a tough time at the beginning. One of the best feelings from this is that I don't have that general 'scumbag' feeling anymore...2.) I have not had a mg of caffeine for about 5 or 6 weeks now? I am not actively tracking this one but that period of time seems about right. The benefits of this are amazing but I did not really drink that much caffeine before (hence my misspelled username). ..3.) Exercise exercise exercise. I was at 175 lbs during the height of my drug and alcohol use and now I am back down to 165 (5'11" tall). I would have to guess I am at around 12 - 15% body fat. Aka my hot bod is coming back. I have consistently been going to Crossfit 2 - 3 times a week running 25 - 32 miles per week (training for a half marathon in Feb and full in July) and have been doing a quick routine of abs every morning. If there is one area I am replacing addictions it would be this one. I cannot get enough of working out. I need to make sure I keep this in check so I do not injure myself. ..3.) I am doing a 90 in 90 with prayer meditation and journaling. Big shout out to /u/bigndfan175 . I use his daily Buddha quote in every journal entry. Today marked my 8th day of this journey. This practice has helped my loneliness so much. I cannot stress how important the prayer meditation and journal is for me. I love it and I feel so much better. ..Those are the big things that I have going on in my life right now. Without using sobriety as my foundation none of these things would be possible. Maybe a 2 or 3 day streak for each of them like I did in the past but nothing like what I have accomplished already...The areas I still want to improve are these:..1.) Work >> I own my own business so it is easy for me to slack off and let my partner bear more of the work load. I feel like I am not pulling my weight right now and 2016 is going to be a crucial year for us. I need to take more on and start putting more effort into my professional life. ..2.) Diet >> I am not horrible in this area but I want to clean up some bad habits. Even though I have a smaller frame I can put down disgusting amounts of food. I need to watch my binge eating. ..3.) Connecting with others >> I have a very full social life and always have something going on but I still can and do isolate in these situations. I can get very grumpy and irritable and check out. I need to remember to be engaging and loving towards others even when I do not want to. This will help my feelings of loneliness as well...The theme of loneliness is common throughout many of these as you can see. For me this has been the biggest issue of my sobriety. I have not been truly single since I was about 15 or 16 as I have detailed a million times already in this sub so these feelings are so foreign to me. The removal of drugs and alcohol removed the damper I used to place on my emotions so I did not have to deal with them. I actually have to deal with these uncurbed emotions now and it is sometimes difficult for me. I am making strides and I can feel it so there is light at the end of the tunnel. ..If you have any questions about my journey or any advice/suggestions about my struggles I would really appreciate hearing them. This sub has been so crucial in my recovery along with AA my sponsor and my IOP that I completed back in November. ..You guys rock. Thank you so much :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent stuff here /u/sletzer_bro!
Well done.
Thanks for posting.  I can never make progress at any of my goals and alcohol causes me to fail over and over.   I am also attempting to use sobriety as my "foundation".
Nice work and great goals for the new year.  You rock!
