-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xwcd9/the_struggle/

This is a long story I will post a TL:DR...My mother allowed me to begin drinking at 17 (USA). Only recently did I realize that my mother is an alcoholic. I've always had an inclination that she may have a problem but at my young age I did not recognize it. I'm currently 25 and I have been drinking daily for 5 years. I'm scared ashamed nervous anxious and disturbed. This is not the life I envisioned for myself. I am currently in college achieving a 3.92 GPA my previous semesters; my most recent semester is very different. I'm losing my drive to do anything period. I'm lost. I was prescribed Zoloft for general anxiety and it has not helped at all. If anything I feel more likely to do something stupid. I don't know what to do. Help...TL:DR mother is alcoholic I've followed in her footsteps. Don't know what to do. Help.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. I'm glad you posted. Alcoholism is genetic. In my family it's on my dad's side. You are a wise young person to be seeking help. I might add that Zoloft doesn't work very well in combination with alcohol. Does you doctor know how much you drink?..Please don't be ashamed although I understand because I was too. But we are good people with a bad disease. There is help and hope. You are not alone. One option is to see a counselor at school. In addition AA was a lifesaver for me. Some folks like SMART Recovery. Being in a room with people who understand is invaluable. ..If you think detox will be a problem see your doctor so an assessment can be made of your needs. Alcohol withdrawal can be serious. ..Thank you for your post. I hope you'll stay in touch. 
Welcome and good on you for taking this step. I'm 30+ years out of college and wish I'd had your insight at 25. You're doing something by posting here and reaching out--that's what's good. I'd be scared and worried only by inaction or an inability to ask for help. ..Does your college have a health center? And/or can you talk with the physician who wrote you the Zoloft script? If so that might be a good first step--to get some assessment of where you are (since you don't say how much you're drinking) and make sure you're safe. ..What changed this semester? How much you're drinking? Your medication? Under what circumstances do you drink? This might be good stuff to talk about with your doc...What do you want to do? Stop drinking? Some people get hung up on stopping "forever." If that seems daunting for you and you want to stop you might consider trying a 30-day challenge. 30 days of no drinking. Then assess where you are. If you choose this path there's a lot of support here. ..Glad you're here...
Welcome this sub is a good place to be.
Congratulations on recognising you have a problem and being willing to take action. That is a huge step forward...My own experience was that the crippling anxiety I suffered with for way too many years was in fact caused by the vicious cycle of alcohol addiction. When I finally stopped drinking and started taking charge of my life the anxiety gradually lessoned. Within a couple months the anxiety had decreased enormously. I soon found I didn't need other drugs either. ..Please take care of yourself and keep posting here.
Why don't you consider starting with the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)--twenty-five is an awesome age to begin a whole new way of life.
Thank you all for responding it helps to know there is support for people like us. Thanks again.
