-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y1gfu/suggestions_for_dealing_with_the_crushing_monotony/

Does anyone struggle with this as well and more specifically have suggestions? I find many people don't and instead view it as "it's nice not to deal with the extreme highs and lows anymore". I agree that such a mentality is unhealthy but I quit four and a half months ago and I just feel all of that time could be compressed into ten minutes if we played a highlight reel...I understand it is up to me to invigorate my life and that no one will do it for me. But with alcohol the solution was simple: call a few friends drink play some crunchy tunes and it's off to the races excitement practically manifested itself. I also understand that nothing is going to really be the same more satisfying perhaps but not so automatically entertaining. ..I'm just looking for suggestions to make my day less qualified to be stock footage for a boring B-list suspense film. Stock footage not the suspenseful parts the parts that happen before anything spooky has even come up. The "wake up hey honey let's eat toast while deciding on whether or not to move to the surprisingly vacant and suspiciously cheap mansion located on an Indian burial ground" footage.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I like your flare with words.  Are you doing any journalling or writing?
Picking up a new hobby is worth a shot if you can get the motivation 
This is how I feel too. Everyday reality bores me. 
Did you have hobbies that went by the wayside during your drinking? Those came back into my life readily after I quit and took up a lot of my downtime.
Riding motorbike rock climbing base jumping downhill skiing diving free running hiking. Enough to be done. But we have to do it.
I totally understand this.  I have serious boredom problems so I have started some new games.  Also visiting here and reading allot to feel the time.
Hmhm. It might be that you just need a bit more time to readjust your brain's reward circuitry to respond to stimuli smaller than all-out assault. Or it might be that you're just a thrill-seeking kind of person - let's find out!..I struggled with what you're describing too - and still do to some extent. One of my hangups in the early months of sobriety was a certain anxiety about the question "Oh god is this what my life is going to be like now and forever?!" Turned out that the answer was "no" :) Took some time though. Lesson learned: Slumps will inevitably occur but they don't last forever. Understanding this made it a lot easier to accept the slumps without getting freaked out and spiralling into a manic "Oh god I must do something anything RIGHT NOW" mode...In the meantime I've dealt with feelings of crushing monotony with a combination of the following:..1) Gratitude lists. No seriously. It sounds cheesy but it helps in those times when life just isn't all that exciting. I can't spend all of my time jumping out of airplanes boring stuff still needs to get done and there will always be phases where nothing much really happens. I can make those times more comfortable by directing my frame of mind to one of gratitude - instead of fretting about how monotonous everything is I remind myself of all the good stuff in my life..2) Do small stuff to shake up the everyday routine. By "small" I mean things like: Taking a walk in an area I've never been to before. Cooking something I've never made before. Picking up a book about a subject I know nothing about. Taking a water sample from a nearby river and watching the tiny critters in it under a microscope..3) Plan and execute bigger stuff. This took me about a year because it required energy that I just didn't have in early sobriety. For me somewhat surprisingly this "bigger stuff" turned out to involve other people a lot - teaching classes participating in workshops picking up a sport in a community of enthusiastic people. Must be that connectedness people keep going on about. Also travelling oh yes...TL;DR: Chill the fuck out this too shall pass :P
I took golf lessons for a year.  I just picked up my guitar for the first time in 20 years...Best part of these hobbies is being able to afford them too!..Exercise is a cheap option too.  Running clears the head...Good luck.
I also struggle with this aspect of sobriety.  I tend to be a thrill seaking person.  Alcohol stopped the little "yap yap yap" of my internal dialogue and allowed me to just be present and (too often) take off on unexpected "adventures" of one type or another with fellow drinkers.  I don't miss the consequences but I do miss the thrill of the unexpected and exciting.  I've learned two things over the past few sober months.  It sounds trite but I've learned to enjoy "the little" things.  Interesting intense things in life can be much more subtle than I ever realized.  I'm also taking on bigger projects that scare me a bit in order to get that rush that I miss.  Riding motorcycle running Tough Mudder obstacle runs...things like that can be thrilling and in the moment.  It's just not as immediate or as simple as grabbing the bottle.  Keep with it we'll find our way.
Hey great post! ..I'm having the opposite problem to you so maybe we could both share tips and find the middle ground somewhere together! ..I think I'm worried about just sitting down with nothing to do and then having the whole sorry situation of the past few months hit me and send me into that monotony... ..I'm still seeing mostly the same people as before but just doing slightly different things. Rather than going out with a big group of people which always ended up in some drinking carnage I'll call up just one or two people to go for dinner it's still sociable but I get to be in control of the situation... Other things I've been doing either on my own or with one or two friends (it helps to enjoy your own company!): running outside theatre gigs coffee drinking reading LOADS (take a book to a cafe for less monotony!) eating and drinking coffee in nice places making non-alcoholic drinks walking posting on SD gym... Umm what else? Oh some therapy too which just reminds me I'm moving forward not backwards. ..I think the trick is to consciously do something nice and different for yourself at least once a week. And maybe get into the habit of arranging something in advance so you are more likely to do it! 
Right there with you. In fact I woke up this morning on a beautiful day with nothing holding me back and a day off from work... Then my immediate first thought was "what the hell am I going to do today"...Don't know whether it's the length of sober time since we are similar or a certain personality trait but it's constantly plaguing me. I do listen to the advice. Try new hobbies get back into activities you used to like the little things etc but I only seem to have a left brain so every single thing gets over analyzed. ..Maybe we could throw some suggestions at each other and see if any stick.
