-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y229q/cravings/

I would give my left arm for a drink. Huge cravings all night playing board games with friends. We've played with them before and they've drank. I don't know what was different tonight?..We played downstairs tonight at a bar which had a fair amount of alcohol memorabilia. Our friends were drinking mixed drinks which may be more of a trigger for me then say wine. Hi balls were more my thing. Also there were some frustrating part is that I felt impatient about a person who was really struggling to learn the rules of the game. This is definitely my character deficit tonight impatience...I don't know what exactly it was but something aligned tonight and I was hit with the strongest urge I've had in a really long time. It's fair to say that if my husband wasn't here I probably would have drank. That is really not a good thing. But it is what it is...Thanks for listening...Edited to add this feels like a major pity party. I haven't thought about this in a long time but I'm having a why can everyone drink except me moment. It's almost like a temper tantrum. I feel angry at the world.
----------immediate responses--------

Not sure if your involved or agree with the program however that's why they say one day at a time. They are not all easy and we should remember that conversely some are.
At least you had the strength to make it through good job. Did you learn things you need to avoid for a bit longer or anything to add to your plan for the next game night? 
I was out playing board games tonight as well.  I asked the barista guy for something carbonated that wasn't full of sugar.   "like beer?"  he asked  "no not like beer"  :/  A few people casually sipped drinks over the course of the evening like weirdo's and at one point someone spilled his drink all over the game.  I realized I haven't been around alcohol since my brothers wedding in the spring so it's been a while since I've had it right in front of my face.   
I totally understand the temper tantrum! I was scrolling through FB tonight and burst into tears crying out "I WANT WINE! Everyone gets to drink wine except for me! This isn't fair!" Seems so ridiculous in hindsight as I lay in bed now. I haven't had to face alcohol head on yet tomorrow will bet first true test. I'm only at 4 days sober. ..I know you're frustrated but you abstained and you should be proud. 
[deleted]
Hey! Firstly I think you are the one who suggested I play board games when I asked about sober activities a few months ago and now I'm turning into a board game nerd so thank you! And I have had similar issues with impatience... If I'm explaining rules to a friend and they don't get it because they've been drinking I get very frustrated. Deep breaths....
I think it's the damn Christmas season. I've had a very easy ride of this sobriety thing but these last few days have been the hardest so far. Hang in there these holidays will pass and life will return back to normal soon enough. Good on you for sharing about it. It helps me to know others with longer sobriety are struggling too &lt;3
