-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y64tb/had_a_drink_on_christmas_eve/

I had one drink of mulled wine at the Christmas table...Immediately after finishing the drink I spent the next six hours fighting myself to not go to the store to buy a six pack. Somehow I managed to convince myself to not go and instead watched Die Hard and went to sleep. ..It is so pointless to moderate because even if you win and don't go to the store you have spent all your waking minutes fighting yourself. I had no desire to drink before that one glass just thought meh I'll have one for taste and everything changed after that one drink...That being said I consider yesterday a small victory of mine...I've had a 7-10 day (don't remember) relapse following a month of sobriety and I'm slowly but surely trying to pull myself out of that hole. I will not drink today no matter what.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm keeping my Christmas drink free in solidarity with you.
&gt;you have spent all your waking minutes fighting yourself...I thought of it as drinking math--having to continually do the calculations obsess on how much to drink when make rules and break them--I just didn't want to do the math. All the time. ..Not drinking today is a good move I think. 
.&gt;because even if you win and don't go to the store you have spent all your waking minutes fighting yourself..Yep know that all too well. It's flippin exhausting. ..
At least you managed to pull yourself back from the brink well done.
&gt; It is so pointless to moderate because even if you win and don't go to the store you have spent all your waking minutes fighting yourself. ..Everyone else is chiming in on this but you nailed it so I have to as well. That is so so true. It's far easier mentally to just not pick up the first drink than it is to go through the mental circus of debate and rationalization for whether you should continue to drink or not...Sorry to hear about the relapse but it sounds like you learned an important lesson last night. How can you use what you've learned to avoid similar pitfalls in the future? Good luck!
Good job on coming back!  ..One of the things I read here somewhere when I first started that really sunk in with me in regards to moderation:.."When I control it  I can't enjoy it. When I enjoy it I can't control it."..That fits me to a T. It gives me focus to know that drinking doesn't really have anything to do with the *willpower* of stopping after one drink but knowing that even if I do I will be completely miserable. 
I'm not going to drink today - I'm with you X 
So glad to hear your story and see you back on board. Let's do this.
[removed]
Thank you for the reminder the insanity after the first drink is never worth it. 
The way I see it a normal drinker doesn't obsess about alcohol or count drinks. They just don't feel the need to drink too much the occasional extra beer or glass of wine aside...Until I can be like that until I can spend zero mental energy worrying about booze I'm not ready to moderate. Willpower only takes you so far once you have a few drinks in you. For me abstinence is the only choice right now.
