-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y9flx/twelve_years_of_drinking_everyday_nearly_killed/

One day at a time. Set small achievable goals. Exercise and eat right. Remember why you're not drinking. Don't keep alcohol in your home or apartment. If you relapse don't spiral  dust yourself off and get back up on your feet. If I can do it  so can you!..Before & After http://i.imgur.com/qKzksFG.jpg
----------immediate responses--------

These are my favorite posts to see!!!! You can see your increased happiness in the pics.
Congrats!! 
Wow you look GREAT!!! Congratulations!
Amazing! You look awesome
Congratulations you look like a different and new person!
What an inspiring post. Thank you! And huge congrats xx
Congratulations!
Well done. Congratulations.
That's some impressive work there. Way to go.
Yay! Well done! ..I'm glad you kept the facial hair though - I LIKE. 
Love these before/after posts. Congrats!
Wow looking so much healthier in the after pic! Congratulations on one year sober!! Here's to many more years sans drinking. ..Hey /u/coolcrosby let's make this guy a dino! ../r/dinosaursinrecovery is another great sobriety subreddit. :)
Holy crap you look great man!!
Yes  congrats
Strong work. Congrats!
You look ten years younger now. Good work!
Wow! Good job... You even look taller haha
Also congrats on hitting frontpage with /r/pics crosspost. Hopefully we'll get some new recruits around here thanks to you.
Amazing! I'm currently trying to kick my sugar habbit well after Christmas... 
Great job.  Quitting drinking is a reward in itself but loosing the weight is a bonus.
I saw some very mustache negative comments in your /r/pics post so lemme be the first to say your mustache is awesome and don't listen the haters! And also again congratulations man! 
One picture is worth a thousand words!!!!
Congrats you look great my one year marker is coming up very soon too!
Congratulations! I'm almost a year sober myself it's amazing how much weight you can lose by just cutting out alcohol. 
Wow what a transformation! Congrats!
Happy sober birthday! Your transformation is amazing and congratulations on making the front page with your x-post! I was wondering if it'd be on here too.
It was so wonderful to wake up and see this at the top of Reddit. Congrats!
Congrats! Love that ur wearing same shirt for comparison.  I am going to start a health protocol after the holidays. I have gained weight since quiting but it's because I am letting myself have ice cream and such. Not a tremendous amount but it has to addressed. Thank you for sharing
Congrats!!!!! That's an impressive change. Did you do anything with your diet and exercise other than cutting out alcohol? (not sure if you were exercising and eating right while still drinking and the alcohol was getting in the way of your results and whatnot)..I oddly always feel resentful when I see pictures like this because I've always had a problem with being underweight and drinking never had me gain any weight!! Damn it! At the time that was one of the "benefits" of drinking that I was really hoping would pull through for me but nope. But it's much better to be underweight and sober than underweight and blacking out whenever I drink because I can't moderate :) Congratulations again!
Congrats brother! and on the newfound reddit fame! ..Enjoy it dude! You deserve it!
You look so much more at peace as well...
Well done!!!
Congrats!
Congratulations! You look great!
It's a man made poison.
Congratulations!!! Thanks for posting. Someone get this man a DINO invite.
Good job man! That's so awesome to see!
Looking good! Well done sir!
Congrats!  I unofficially hit 3 years on tuesday.
Good god I hope my attractiveness increases this much after a year. Congrats!
Congrats on 1 year!!!!! 
Wow man you look good. I too need to stop and could lose the weight. Meatteo = inspiration
Congrats! You look healthier and happier. Hope I can say the same in 362 days. :-)
You look great man!  Congratulations!
Did you know that your picture is featured on ifunny?
I love before and after pics. Thank you
