-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yi2oo/social_anxiety_doesnt_mean_drinking_got_through/

In the run up to Christmas I had been spending a lot of time thinking about why I don't drink how much I've struggled with feeling festive or excited about any holidays and whether I would ever be able to join in with drinkers. By the end of Christmas day I was certain I could do it. I don't know why exactly... I didnt speak to all my family over the past two days of visiting some people i just have no way into conversation withbut a few of the people I rarely see who I feel a bit uncomfortable talking to because I don't really know them very well. I started conversations and asked questions when in the past I'd have stayed to the sidelines with my little cousins or my quiet aunt. I haven't ever done that without drinking and it's a big step forward for me. Edit: it helps to try to relax in silences and use them to reload. I get half a thought in my head and end up spewing a jumble of words rather than letting the sentences form so I can not feel like a plonker. I'm still working on slowing down when speak ing rather than acting like I'm on Gilmore Girls..If anyone reading this has had a similar experience in the past and struggling I hope this is some help. It does get easier in time and in this case I took the view that I wasn't stuck there all day with them they were all stuck there with me to be my conversational Guinea pigs. It doesn't matter if I say weird or awkward things to them they are my family they have to see me again. Mwahahahaha..
----------immediate responses--------

Well-said my friend!
That's a smart way to work on it. I have terrible social skills but my family already doesn't like me that much so fuck em might as well make things awkward and get better at talking.
The longer I go without drinking the better my social anxiety becomes.  It really was a vicious cycle.  Glad you're learning how to cope!
well done on 222 days I find it depends on who iam talking too some people I gel with some I don't I don't like awkward silences so ramble any old shit then wish I hadn't at least your trying to strike up a convo.
