-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yjlqu/1_week_and_i_love_my_sober_mornings/

It has been one week since my last drink (I was three weeks in before I relapsed and had to reset) and I have to admit that sober mornings are awesome!  No more headaches dry mouth nausea regret trying to figure out how much I drank and how to hide it from my wife.  I will continue on this path of sobriety because I don't want that liver poison in my system anymore.  ..Also I want to say thank you to everyone on this sub for sharing their stories.  It has helped immensely with my recovery process knowing I am not alone.  I am mostly a lurker (see username) but I will try to post more as I go...Again - THANK YOU to everyone on this sub.  I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Aren't mornings great? Well they are after I get my caffeine onboard.
I do love hangover free mornings. Makes work so much more bearable as well!.And the money?? Who knew I had so much?!?!.But really congrats on a week!!
I agree! I didn't sleep well last night and am very tired today but at least I did not wake up hungover!
Agreed sober mornings can't be beat!
I went to a concert last night and got home at 2 in the morning. I STILL woke up feeling great! (and smug because all of my friends were hungover) Congrats on your week!! 
Sober mornings never get old!
This is one of my favorite things too. Each time I wake up from a sober night I always think "well this is definitely worth it". It helps to combat the urges later on that night thinking of the morning ahead
I'm two days behind you and can completely relate!  I've always been a morning person so it's been great being able to enjoy them...Let's lurk and stay sober together.
Well done keep up the good work.
I didn't pound coffee and diet mountain dew all morning I didn't have to fake being happy and energetic and I was able to casually chat with co-workers before noon.  I don't remember the last Monday this happened.  ..I'll not drink with you tomorrow too. 
Good for you lurkin.  Same here 1week.  I feel good.  I actually did something productive tonight instead of wasting my evening on the couch swigging beers.  I know from experience this journey has just begun but I feel better now than with any previous attempt.  We can do this......everyone here can.
