-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yjz5l/its_been_over_a_year_with_ups_and_downs_all_around/

First of all you guys and gals are all awesome. It's great that we have a place to be honest vent and support one another. People with experience who are willing to help and inspire is the backbone of AA as I've gathered from my tiny bit of involvement with them...When I decided to get sober it hit me like a brick wall. I woke up realized I had a serious problem and I never had another drink. I didn't really know what to do so I messaged a friend who I knew to be in AA. I am not much of an AA participant but I did try and find a sponsor recently. He's very passionate but my drinking problems aren't as severe as other peoples so I'm going to let him know that I plan on continuing my sobriety without any AA involvement. I'll probably still go watch speakers sometimes but that's all I need. I've found friends and family to be all I really need for support and since it's working for me I'll continue. That certainly doesn't mean that AA isn't right for other people. I'm an odd ducks odd duck...Initially I felt really good about myself and what I was doing. I had some regrets but overall I felt like I avoided any serious consequences for my behavior. I did have one very negative person in my life and for seven months I had to deal with her near constant presence. She caused a rift between one of my closest friends (her bf) and myself which wasn't terrible but ruined a friendship. I'm pretty sure he'll get away from her eventually and our friendship will resume. Bottom line if someone says negative things about your sobriety or AA or whatever you are doing to keep yourself mentally healthy fuck em. They're probably more miserable than you'll ever be and seeing you unhappy is their only goal. ..I'm starting to always feel pretty good like I used to before the walls came crumbling down. I had a lot of stress this year because of money but as the year went on I've handled it better and better. Now I'm in "I don't give a fuck mode" and I just keep moving forward. Things will work out or they won't I can't control it. No sense in dreading anything that hasn't happened. ..I've heard that serotonin takes about a year and a half to normalize. And while I can't identify what they really means I can say that in the last thirty days or so my worst mood isn't nearly as bad as it was six months ago. And I find myself randomly feeling really happy. In the last couple weeks I've been socializing a lot more which is super healthy and I've even started to meet new friends. I've gotten maybe four girls phone numbers in a two week period of time which speaks volumes about my confidence and how normal I feel. ..I hope you all continue on your positive path if you struggle I hope you can ask for help and find the right support as you need it. If someone reaches out to you for help I hope you have the strength to lend a hand. There isn't one right answer to anything and nobody can predict what is right for you. Take chances that don't have consequences which might cause you to relapse. Find places to go and people who will let you reach out to them when you need somebody. Learn how to deal with negative people and situations. Be brave. Don't put yourself out there if you can't handle the rejection. Remember to slowly add other positive changes to your life. I picked up running after about four months of sobriety. I started keeping my living space clean before it became unmanageable. A friend and I make a point to go out to eat at least once a week. I found a few friends that I support not with their sobriety but with their lives. Some people need to vent and I can be an ear and it helps me to feel helpful. I cut out almost everybody before I started reaching out to people. I started being really honest with myself and others. ..Drinking has become more of an issue for people than it has been in years society has embraced the micro and macro production and normalized drinking in a lot of situations where it wasn't as common. We are doing the right thing for ourselves and it's worth the struggles. Once you get it under control you'll feel so strong and you'll have a newfound sense of pride that will be very difficult for people to chip away at. Don't focus on dating or getting laid focus on yourself. Things will come with time. Not to sound like a stereotypical redditor but I've found my cats to be pretty therapeutic too. Don't feel bad if you cut our your family for a bit. ..Try and explain why without it sounding confrontational they should understand. Be yourself. Be the you that you always wanted to be. And never hesitate to express yourself as long as you do so in a way that doesn't harm or upset others. Don't think twelve step programs are the only solution don't pretend to be happy if you aren't. We all became very honest with ourselves when we decided to become sober. That alone should be inspiring and fill you with pride. I wish you all the best...EDIT: Another thing don't worry about what people think of you. Don't let people bring you down. Surround yourself with people who do things more than they say things. I've found that the most negative people I have been interacting with are my least ambitious friends. They play video games and begrudgingly work jobs that aren't that great. They don't try and advance at their career they aren't trying to better themselves and they'll hold you back. I'm 35 and if you're younger it is perfectly fine to have a crappy job we've all been there. It's not alright to be stagnant. You'll fall into your old routines and traps. Find good people people who have something in their lives that you want. .
----------immediate responses--------

I've been away most of the day dealing with the old j-o-b but I noticed this and I wanted to let you know that I added you to r/dinos. 
Congrats on a year that's a serious accomplishment I'm proud of you!
Congratulations!..Lots of good thoughts and reflection here. Thanks for sharing it all.
Well done on 371 days brilliant achievement.
Thank you for sharing that. Very inspiring :)
Your writing reflects a peaceful place you are at.  I hope to find this place someday.  You're an inspiration.  Thank you for posting this. ..I won't drink with you today.
