-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ynr16/100/

I guess it's been 100 days since I had my last drink. This is also a 100 day anniversary for another slightly less celebratory event. So I'm grateful to have made it this far but there's also a constant uneasiness with all the other things I've lost up to this point. ..The thing about these milestones is that reflection becomes a constant state. And there are a few things I've reflected on especially in the last few days which have been the hardest so far...I think I now know my triggers. The worst cravings come when I have nothing to do when I'm supposed to 'relax' (whatever that is). I'm easily distracted bored unfocused. But I beat myself up if I don't use every second of free time to go out and change the world... Yes my mind is always on over-drive. My go to solution to this problem used to be alcohol. So now I need to find ways to fight this anxiety about switching off before I relapse. I've been close to relapsing in these last few days for this very reason...The neuroses. The anxiety the fear and the feeling that being myself is not good enough... I thought these were entirely tied into drinking but they are still very present. They may be a bit easier to understand now without the brain fog and hangover anxiety but they do still complicate things more than I would like. Especially in my relationships with friends and families where I'm finding myself in a constant state of trying to hard to please people and then being resentful and angry because I'm not able to meet my own needs...Things will ebb and flow. At the start of this weird journey I thought sobriety would be like flicking a magic switch making my life suddenly perfect. That hasn't been the case but it's ok... I've kind of enjoyed trying to navigate this shit-show and it's cruel life lessons!..On a less serious note lots of other things have ebbed and flowed... but have helped in some way! Coffee cigarettes Sufjan Stevens albums noodles cheese puns cheese puns long bus journeys books an unhealthy stationery obsession peanut butter pickle juice baths sleep (good and bad!) terrarium building more coffee and a bit of running...Sorry for the rambly post - what it lacked in celebration it made up for in brain spill. :-)........
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100 days stay strong!  I know how you feel I haven't drank since I got pancreatitis it's been about a year and 2 months for me. The struggle is real I remember the first couple of weeks were terrible for me I was going insane it's hard to deal with all those emotions when you can't drown them out anymore. I'm still getting better but the best advice I can give you is to make this a time of change for yourself. I started working on myself my personal image and health  the way I connect with people and most importantly meeting new people who've helped me become a much happier person. If you were thinking about losing weight now is a good time aswell I found I was able to start losing weight like crazy when I wasn't consuming a half a handle of liquor every day. Just keep a good attitude!.
God I wish it was a magic switch. I would give anything for that but the truth is hoping for the quick easy fix is kinda what got me in the bottle to begin with!..Something that you can try that really helped me was learning to be kind to yourself and love yourself. They taught it to me in rehab and it goes kinda like this...No matter what I'm feeling I stop and in my head I say "tazer84 its okay. I know you're feeling stupid/sad/like a failure/etc and its okay. I get it. I understand. And I want you to know its okay. We will get through this and I'm here for you."..It may sound silly having a conversation with myself but it helps to separate how I feel from how I am. And it lets me do something I've never understood before how to love myself faults and all...Give it a try. I know a lot of people have said it works wonders for them and for me it has been incredibly powerful and effective.
For myself I was never really nervous or anxious until I quit drinking.  Back when I was drinking I was mostly stuck in the past and more of the depressive type but now at times I anxiously obsess over the future and other people in my life.  ..The key for me to deal with the anxiety is to try to live as much as I can in the present moment.  I don't know if you've read much on mindfulness - in another thread today someone was discussing the book "The Miracle of Mindfulness" - but it's essentially about trying to be fully involved with whatever you are doing in the present so that all of the anxiety over other people and the future fade into the background.  Much easier said than done but at times it works for me.  
You are awesome! Keep up the good work!!
Mmm pickle juice :)
