-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yonkg/new_years_eve/

I was invited to go out on New Year's Eve with my Marine brothers in Boston to bar-hop. I wasn't particularly fond of this but I like to challenge and reassure myself that drinking is not an option anymore. I deliberated over a week or so and started getting worried that the atmosphere and celebration may turn me for the worse. ..Someone had mentioned on the Facebook event page that they can't wait to get smashed. I jokingly made a comment saying "I'm going to get so hydrated... I can't wait! The bartender isn't prepared for the amount of sparkling water I'll be consuming. I'm going to have the best H2O hangover ever." I was waiting for the comments to start rolling in trying to encourage me to drink but it was completely the opposite. ..Most of them knew I wasn't drinking because I attended a bon-fire with them around Thanksgiving and when offered a drink I simply refused and said "A drunk cliche_alias is a bad cliche_alias." After preparing myself for the influx of comments I was very surprised for the event status to change by the Marine who was organizing it. Instead of bar-hopping in Boston we're just going to hang out at one of their houses so that "Those who don't drink don't feel encouraged cash won't be a problem and it's much safer than driving." Everyone was really happy with this decision (including me) but I can't help but smile knowing that they're willing to accommodate my wife and I so that we don't feel pressured to get smashed. ..I think it helps for them to know why I stopped drinking so when I was asked in the past I told the truth that it's too harmful for me because I can't moderate my drinking and it leads to physical and emotional harm. I'm just really happy they're all so cool with it. They all knew we were showing up even if it was out in the city. It's just great knowing that I have a group of brothers and sisters who watch each other's backs. Being honest about my problem has never bit me in the ass. Even my parents who were alcoholics have changed. My father stopped drinking (again) and my mother is following suit as well. ..Fuck life really does get better every single day. Yea we have the bad moments but it's amazing how being sober can allow someone react positively. My struggles with alcohol was almost a blessing in disguise. Yea I went through some really bad times because of it but I think I appreciate everything so much more because I found out what I'm capable of and how sobriety finds it's way into every crevice of life. Sometimes I wonder how I'd be today if I was never an alcoholic. Would I still be as positive? Would I have struggled with deep depression? Who knows. What I know now I am very thankful for.
----------immediate responses--------

Jesus that is such a cool thing to do. Absolutely great!!..Last paragraph I totally identify with. Great post thanks.
Some days I can be around drinking. Some days I can't. I listen to myself. I'm honest with myself. If I start to feel uncomfortable I excuse myself. 
I hope it works out for you OP. I don't really understand why people feel the need to challenge themselves in this particular way I'd much rather just stick with sober people and not have to worry about being tempted. But I respect that you are planning ahead and being honest with yourself and others about it. Happy New Year!
If I were 4 months sober and it were New Year's and I was invited to go hang out with a Marine brother in Boston bars I would tell my brother that I love him that he should keep my number on speed dial if he needs a ride home and I'd take a big pass.  In fact if that happened to me some months into my 7th year of sobriety I doubt that I'd even volunteer to be available to give him a ride home.  My sobriety is my priority and I follow [the advice: Dry People Dry Places.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/?ref=search_posts)
