-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ypfgy/celebrating_my_two_years_sober/

I was thinking  during the days leading me to today  about what I would do do mark the importance of my accomplishment..An old drinker like you and I once were would buy a "special bottle" for a special occasion. Then I remember thinking  well how do we replace this special treat when sober? Is it something we lose when we decide to pursue a life without alcohol? Celebration? Euphoria? . .I then realised that everyday without drinking was celebration . Every ups and downs of my life are less dramatic. My feet are finally on the ground. I live in euphoria I can finally "feel". .. It may be only today that I finally realize that I am an alcoholic and always was. The constant repeat that I just needed to stop for my own good and that of my family was just a long phrase behind which I could hide to avoid admitting the simple truth. ..I feel more of a man that I ever did in my entire life. .No bottle in the whole wide world is worth more than this. .I'm not missing any of it... Those of you who are struggling  repeat yourself this: not missing having a drink in your hand tastes better than anything you have ever drank. ..I really have this subreddit to thank for this . .Have a splendid and prosperous year 2016 SD ! 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!  Huge congrats on 2 years!!!!
Congrats z! I remember when you celebrated an early sobriety victory with a new motorcycle. While that was a nice way to reward yourself I'm so happy to see how much you've grown in the time in between. And you've grown because you are living it experiencing it feeling it and remembering it. ..Thanks for sharing your quiet victory with us. I'm a little teary. :-)
&gt; I feel more of a man that I ever did in my entire life. No bottle in the whole wide world is worth more than this. I'm not missing any of it...A powerful statement. ..Salutations for two years sober! Thanks for the post. 
Congratulations my friend.  As someone who remembers when you started it's so great to see you accomplish this.
Well done massive achievement.
Congratulations man! :) That's fantastic. Onwards and upwards! :)
Congratulations!!  I hope to be where you are in two years. You give a girl hope. 
Congratulations! I hope 2016 is even better!
Awesome encouraging thing to read thanks for sharing and congratulations on your two years!
