-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yqtv3/i_need_help_a_visiting_alcoholic_friend_lied_to/

A friend I made while in rehab has been staying at my apartment since Saturday. He is homeless now and has been struggling with drinking and his mental health(PTSD bipolar and suicidal thoughts). He told me he's been doing well since he went through detox in jail a few weeks ago but that doesn't really seem to be the case. I had hoped that giving him a place to rest for a few days would be helpful. He has legal issues and is not sure he wants to live. I told him specifially no drinking before he came. He told me that he wouldn't have asked to stay if he thought he would drink...I was looking around tonight for my headphones he had been using. I moved his backpack and found a nearly empty 1.75l bottle of vodka in it. Right now he is sleeping on my couch. The vodka has been dumped out in the sink. I feel stupid. I feel angry. I feel helpless. I feel sad...I dont want to go to sleep. I did not want this to end this way but he has to leave. He is a risk to my sobriety. I spent hours tonight talking to him about recovery and it just does not register. I have taken him to a meeting each of the last three nights. I have always though of prayer as meaningless and stupid but I dont think there is anything I can do to help this person besides pray...:(
----------immediate responses--------

I may break forum rules here and if so I am sorry...Is the only reason you would kick him out because he is a threat to your sobriety? We all have crosses to bear. I am currently sitting in a car too angry to drive because a friend told me about her rape (from a while ago) and I want to either punch something or drink something. Instead of either I came here...Is her story and mental pain a threat to my sobriety? Yes. Was I going to stop her talking to work through stuff? No...That said it sounds like he lied to you. If that's the case that may be another issue. ..I would be cautious of what is to come  and your feelings afterward. I'm not honesty sure whether you should kick him out or not but be mindful that may be a blow to your psyche as well as his. Be careful that your sadness and helplessness doesn't fester...Sorry maybe shouldn't be giving advice in my own state.
I always put my sobriety first. I'm no use to anyone if I'm struggling with my sobriety. I had to block someone from AA on my phone because his sob stories and requests for a place to live/food were putting my sobriety at risk.  I might have been more accommodating if I wasn't in early sobriety. ..Once someone is aware of the tools available to them it's all up to them.  Protecting them from the consequences of their drinking will likely do more harm than good (I'm speaking as someone who slept on a friend's futon for a year: his generosity made my life just manageable enough that I didn't need to get sober). ..P.s. "Remember we deal with alcohol- cunning bafflingpowerful" 
Prayer changes things so it is not stupid or meaningless to pray. God loves you and me and this other guy who is lying to you. He also cares about every single little detail in our lives. I am learning that more and more every day dealing with my own sobriety and that of my husband's very recent sobriety. He will help you as you seek Him and give you guidance in this situation and everything else you need help with. And I'll be praying with you!
Tell him goodbye and take the key off of his ring while still asleep...Your sobriety is far more important than his having a roof tonite...Call your sponsor wake his ass up and give him 20 minutes to be gone.
