-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yuhk3/alcohol_is_such_a_big_part_of_my_life_that_i_feel/

Hey everyone..After nearly killing myself by drinking (again) last weekend I decided it was time for a major change in my life. I'm only four days in and New Year's Day looms ominously...I don't know how to do this. I'm the "craft beer guy" and the whiskey drinker. I used to talk about alcohol every day passionately. I would tour breweries wineries and distilleries with friends. I would try new drinks. My family are all huge fans of alcohol. My brother and I grew closer through alcohol. ALL of my friends use alcohol. Whenever I want to do something social alcohol is around me permeating through my life...I've never been much of a weekday drinker but I'm getting cravings for whiskey just thinking about going to parties sober on New Years. Alcohol was literally one of my biggest hobbies and I feel so lost already...I know I can't take a drink. If I drink again I could drink myself to death. I could embarrass myself for the thousandth time. I know I would have to apologize to everyone I drank around when I awoke from the blackout...I've been crying a little bit every day since Saturday because I'm forcing myself to give up something I love before I destroy myself with it...Any advice support or stories are greatly appreciated. I'm sure I'm not the only one who used to brew their own beer and make a hobby of drinking...I will not drink today...**EDIT:** You are all amazing people. Reading your stories fills me with determination and it reminds me that I'm not alone in this struggle. I don't need alcohol to be happy or confident or even a complete person. I can do this! Thankyou!
----------immediate responses--------

I was a huge enthusiast of alcohol - wine tasting beer tasting food pairing. It was how I chose to spend my free time it came front and center of my life. I'd go for a walk if it was a pub walk. I was a member of a real ale club and two drinking societies. I brewed my own beer/wine (one motivation being it was cheaper). Spending time with me involved alcohol. Life without it had become unimaginable...When I quit it was to escape the  trap I was in the negative effects of my habit. I wanted to get as much distance between me and my last drink as possible so I didn't drink day-by-day. With time - days weeks months and with the things I read on this sub I transformed my thoughts on alcohol and transformed how I like to spend my free time - country walks exercise reading nice meals games etc...Your thread has triggered a huge realisation for me: a while back I posted a comment about being a guest at dinner and when the conversation turned round (again) to wine tasting mumbo-jumbo. I found myself staring at the ceiling counting the dots on the plaster - that's such a contrast to how I was whilst I was drinking.
I can relate to everything you wrote. I felt like a child who had his favourite toy taken away. I had no idea how to function without alcohol. It was part of my personality. ..Hang in there I'm happier and healthier than I've been in a really long time. 
[deleted]
My relationship with alcohol was a love affair gone bad. Alcohol betrayed me backed me into a corner where the only way out was to go to the hospital for detox then rehab followed by a therapist and involvement in AA. Then I was set free. I learned how to live a happy sober life. 
In sobriety I have allowed myself to cry more than I did for several years.   It has been very healing actually.  Feeling emotions fully is hard but rewarding.  It gets better.  Hang in there!
&gt; I've been crying a little bit every day since Saturday because I'm forcing myself to give up something I love before I destroy myself with it...Wow are you me? I cried over this today too. Now I wasn't quite a home brewer but I loved (still love not past it yet) going to breweries and wineries and doing tastings and going to new restaurants and bars and trying beers and wines I'd never tried before picking up beers at the liquor store and trying them with my husband...But I decided my health was worth stopping the alcohol. And my first thought was "well what will I do now?"..I literally have no hobbies outside of alcohol. When explaining to my husband why I didn't want to make plans for NYE outside of just staying home I broke down crying. I was embarrassed about letting my drinking get to excess but mostly I was embarrassed that I felt SO SAD about losing my best friend alcohol. ..My best friend alcohol...I don't know how I will get through it myself I feel like a piece of me is missing. But from the stories I've read and the people I've talked to I know something will fill that hole someday...I'm glad we're not drinking today.
I can help with this. I was also the craft beer and whiskey guy. I brewed with friends and we bonded over discussing the various characteristics of beer...I had to stop going to my favourite craft beer pub because I kept buying the stronger craft beer depending on my mood. The last time I was there I went by myself because I was pissed off I wasn't invited elsewhere for pints. I ended up absolutely shitfaced and got sick when I left the place...The weird thing about it is since I stopped I realised the cost associated with being a craft beer drinker. We're being charged a premium because of a reputation associated with the brand. Like buying some ridiculously fancy wine thinking we're "refined" beer snobs...The other thing is after trying the major types of craft beer you realise pretty much that they're all the same. And don't get me started on the "craft beers don't cause hangovers" nonsense. It does cause a hangover! I've tested it multiple times!..To help eliminate the craft beer elements of hanging out with my friends I started looking up touristy things to do in my city. I found the majority of my friends hadn't done any of these tours despite living here our entire lives. Think cathedrals and walking tours of the city. Stuff like that. Also the cinema and just going out for dinner or grabbing a pizza after work. All these helped!..Oh and another was to arrange an online gaming meetup with friends. I sometimes play CS:GO online with friends and catch up while playing a few rounds on a public server...I hope that helps. Im on mobile and kind of forget the original question! :P
Hey there.I'm only 3 weeks in and don't feel particularly wise in the ways of sobriety but what I do know is that I was passionate about booze like you. I loved the craft beer movement and the small distillery bourbon stuff that's happening. Couldn't imagine never drinking again but I've known for years that it's a problem that was getting more and more out of control as time went on. So I quit. Many times... Each time for good reason but the allure kept pulling me back in. This time feels different. I'm sick of hangovers guilt worries about health and safety and generally feeling like shit (except for that short window between drinks#5 &amp; 10). With each passing day I get a little more clarity about what that shit was doing to me. Keep up the good work and take it day by day. 
My life revolved around drugs and alcohol too.  I went to AA.   Had fun stuff to do with healthy people immediately made friends and sobered up.  Initially it was unnerving being around strangers/friends I hadn't met yet.  But my life was worth a little discomfort.  And my life was saved by a program of action and a fellowship of people just like me.  I hope you're willing to do whatever it takes to not pick up that first drink it's worth it and you're worth it. 
Alcohol wasn't my hobby it was my life. And by life I mean I could not live out my life without it. Without alcohol I was not me. I ceased to exist. It's why Sundays I generally never got up from bed. I just stayed in in the dark and waited until my hangover kicked and I could start drinking again on Monday. Because Hell it was Monday. I literally could not function without alcohol...A year and a couple months later. ..What. the. fuck. was. I. thinking?..Seriously...Anxiety and the idea of having nothing to do but sit at home and play video games or jerk off horrified me. I was better than that and alcohol was what made me better! It's why I went out every single night. I never embaressed myself maybe once every few months or once  year but it was rare because I was fucking awesome when I drank. Then I almost died from being too fucking awesome from drinking. Yup. So my hand was forced...I guess I'm at 15 months now? Not sure. I really can't believe how clouded everything was. I thought I couldn't function without alcohol because of anxiety but now I see that alcohol was a temporary reprieve that actually exacerbated my anxieties! It made it worse! ..The biggest lie that alcohol will ever tell you is that it's your friend. That you can have some of it's powers and that it's on him. Don't worry about tomorrow because all that matters is right now. Bull shit. It's all lies. The strength/excitement/awesomeness that you seek from a bottle lies within you not that bottle. The only thing that bottle does is trick you into relying on it. Promising you an awesome night but not telling you about what you owe it...For me? Every night I borrowed some "awesomeness" or happiness the bottle took more than its share back from me. So it crippled me. When I started to realize that there was a fishhook in every bottle it was already too late. The shakes took over and I was almost dead before sunrise. I was on here posting about whether I should see a doctor or continue trying to taper off. Eventually did see a Doctor and I can't believe I didnt get help sooner...Things are good. Things are bad. Of course that's life. But what I can promise you is you'll be the best you that you can be and you don't need alcohol to do that. You can do it on your own.
I think you're at the inflection point most alcoholics hit at one point in their life--- " life" or " death---- .   Your choice...( we all had a romantic love affair with it )
I'm right there with you man. I had a full micro brewery / distillery complete with draft taps in my kitchen. Lol its really fucking hard to call it quits for the night when you got 2 kegs on tap and a cup board full of vodka. I got rid of all that stuff in January. It made way to allow me to change habits and find new hobbies. The key is finding new things to do. You need to want it as well. Also realizing that you have taken on this hobby to make it acceptable to "try" 18 beers in a night. Lol. Just last night I tried way too many. Start changing habbits and it gets easier.
[removed]
My sponsor is super cool and says "When you're drinking you see the world through a straw" *holds up hands like you're watching things from a tiny telescope* She's right. I do a lot of writing that involves food and wine and you know what I'll figure it out. If anything I'm going to be talking about coffee bars a lot more now! You'll find replacements and even more fulfillment as in - there's so much more than just breweries. 
Really good post and explaining how you feel. There is enough in your post to go back and look at the pro's of drinking and the con's of drinking. Look at their significance and judge them accordingly. For example:..&gt;After nearly killing myself by drinking (again) ...I would consider this a really high on the list of con's. How do any of the pro's stack up against this? (*Edit*..going to make this into *I* instead of *you*) When I quit I made a list and really rationally thought about it and made a decision about alcohol. Since this was my choice I didn't feel forced into it. Also I stopped thinking of alcohol as this magical awesome reward instead I thought of it as a stupid poison that gives me a cheap but dangerous high. The real highs in life blow away any artificial high alcohol gave me...(actually I made this pro con list about 100 times while I was quitting. Mostly in my head. No matter how I thought about it I honestly couldn't see any another way for me.)....&gt; I don't need alcohol to be happy or confident or even a complete person. I can do this! Thankyou!..Really nice edit. Made me smile big :D
You have made the right choice.  Alchohol is just one small part of life on this planet. Don't let it define you and control you  You are much more than the "craft beer guy". Quitting will help you find all the things that you left behind and that make you you. Stay strong my friend I promise it will be worth it. 
Yep it is for all of us. But it DOES NOT HAVE TO BE...Now alcohol plays such a small role in my life that it is 100% immaterial with the exception of Windshield Washer solvent which I do like to keep in stock.
