-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3z1a0y/reflections_after_3_years_alcohol_free_back_into/

I haven't been super active in this sub in a great long while. Day to day my life has improved dramatically. I no longer feel the need to post and comment daily and much thanks goes to the members of this sub for helping me get to that place. I have been alcohol free for 3 years. It hasn't been perfect but it has been much more peaceful. I still have daily struggles and just yesterday I sat in my car in the Starbucks parking lot and sobbed like a child. But I didn't drink. I remember reading about sobriety and how even when you cut out alcohol you still have to dig to the root of why you started drinking in the first place. I am *still* doing that work. In some ways it's never-ending. We are all great works in progress. But overall life has become much more manageable while abstaining from the drink. All this to say my life has taken many turns and shifts in the last three years. When I moved to Phoenix I was a mess. I quit drinking two months after arriving here. The desert allowed me to shed some of my skin and let go of a lot. But things change as they always do. ..In 14 days I'll be moving back to Kentucky to care for my father who is suffering from Dementia among other things. This is my new challenge. I'll be moving back into the home where I took my first drink. Living with a man who through no fault of his own had and still has no idea how to be a father. Our relationship has never been great and I would say it was much better when I was a child. But this man consistently made sure I knew how much of a failure I was. He's done this to all his children. His father did this to him. It wasn't until I had around a year and a half sober that I realized I believed all men smelled like bourbon. But that was how I grew up he gambled and drank and was always secretive about it but kids are observant. Now he's just a shell of a human suffering and causing suffering. My hometown is where I first partied first got drunk and where I spent countless hours wishing to escape. I loathe the place. BUT thankfully nothing is permanent. The move there is temporary. I have tentative plans to buy a home somewhere else that isn't my hometown. I am not really worried about being tempted to drink BUT I sure as hell googled women's meetings in my hometown and thankfully there is ONE. So I will probably being going to my first meetings there. I am going to look for a support group for people caring for family with Dementia. ...Staying vigilant and keeping focused on goals and tasks is the best course for me. I have hobbies that keep my heart full raising chickens growing food crocheting. I have good friends who know I'm sober and respect that. I am not afraid. I am sad to change my whole life and am frustrated that my father's family has all but abandon him in his time of need. But I know this is a wound I *must* heal to move forward and grow. I have spent the last three years figuring out what I want in life what I need to be at peace and hopefully efficient ways of getting there. ...Often it feels like we are never ready to step into our own lives fully. But this is the only work there is. Active participation in our own lives because life doesn't happen to you you create it. I always imagined doing this in my forties or something. But it's here now and so am I. ...If you are struggling know that it does get better. Changes happen without us even noticing them. Small at first but over time you realize you've got your own back. You don't have to spend your whole life with anyone but yourself best to love the person you are and if you don't make changes. I'm still editing myself to be better more kind more compassionate more responsible. But really what else have I got to do?! I still take each day at a time and try to keep my mind like a well tended garden. ..Sorry this was so long and rambling. I have been tossing these thoughts around for a few weeks now. I hope you are all well sober and feeling confident in yourselves. Here in this sub you'll find some of the most beautiful kind creatures the world has to offer. Thank you SD for all your support over the last three years! Here's to a beautiful sober new year full of potential and peace! <3 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Big change coming up moving to Kentucky and caring for your father. I hope to see you around here more often...Thank you for sharing. I still have days where I break down and cry as well. 
[deleted]
So glad to see you mgcarter3.  I too don't come around SD as much as I used to but I know their it is still a safe place to put my thoughts and feelings and I am glad you feel the same way. ..Big changes coming up eh?  I have no doubt you will find something positive from this change even though from the outside it looks like a really difficult challenge. Your balance is inside not out...Be well and good luck on your new path. 
So nice to see you posting /u/mgcarter3.  Good luck on your move to KY and with your Dad.  
Not gonna lie taking care of my father who also suffered from dementia was one of the most challenging things I've done. I also got sober in the midst of it all. My AA group was so incredibly supportive they even encouraged me to bring him with me so I could still get to meetings!
The key to a relapse for me is thinking I am a failure. Remember you are not a failure. You are a success and your sobriety proves it 
Best of luck with the move and everything really good that there is a women's mtg there.  
&gt;But this man consistently made sure I knew how much of a failure I was. He's done this to all his children...Well that explains why everyone has left him and "abandoned him in his time of need." Sounds like he was always the exact opposite of what they  needed.  I have no sympathy for him; people reap what they sow.   For you I hope you are not hurting yourself or your sobriety by exposing yourself to his cruelty or memories of his cruelty.  I hope you have plans in place to protect your sobriety even in the face of these changes.  ..&gt;Active participation in our own lives because life doesn't happen to you you create it...Wise words to live by. 
Great post and good luck on your move and taking care of your father. Also as a fellow Kentuckian who has similar not-so-nice feelings about our home state I couldn't help but post and say hi! :)
Thank you for posting.  "best to love the person you are and if you don't make changes".  I have been going crazy the past week thinking whether or not I can drink safely.  What it comes down to is that regardless if I can or not I don't like the version of me that drinks.  It doesn't matter whether I CAN it matters whether or not I want to BE that person.  I don't.  No way.
