-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3z8fz1/how_long_did_it_take_you_feel_back_to_normal_again/

So for the most part in the past I have only lasted about 5 to 7 days inbetween drinking binges. With a couple of month long breaks over the past 14 years. This time around I am more committed and am curious to know when you really started to see a difference in terms of energy levels clearer skin and better sleep. After about 5 days I always seemed to relapse as my anxiety would get really bad and I would have trouble sleeping. It always seemed like alcohol would kind of reset that and get rid of it at least for a few days. It's great that I found a place to help keep me on track. Just curious about your experiences. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've made it 5 days and my sleep has gotten progressively better...My anxiety has gotten better worse I don't really know honestly. Sometimes it feels better sometimes it feels worse. I am still learning what it's like to cope with feelings instead of drowning them in vodka...I've noticed a little weight loss and lower blood pressure as well.
Hey JamesToronto there are a collection of experiences in this [FAQ Timeline](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36cgmh/faq_timelines/) post that shed some light on your question...I'm glad you found SD -- it's a life-changing support system in my experience.  
It really depends on what you brought in with you as personal demons and external stressors that can seemingly magnify and worsen or decrease/go away.  ..Withdrawal for me lasts 3-6 days. Insomnia night sweats and nightmares go away in couple days with good diet and sleep lengths. The irritability and general distractedness lasted longest. Every day for easily 10 I'd fight cravings. The cravings decreased everyday from an all day affair to just one or two bad bouts down to a "wouldnt it be nice to. ...no. no it wouldnt" thought.  At about 2 weeks in I feel a whole lot less distracted and much more *appreciative* of sobriety as a treat as opposed to punishment.     ..Here's a good example. I really wanted to minimize going out more than had to. Had to go into work on a saturday about 6 days into my current Quit (work M-F). The whole way there and back my brain was auto-calculating new routes to liquor stores. Calculating how much I could drink and reasonably sober up so wife "wouldnt" know in 4 hours I was gone which was stupid on it's face and really scary because I never did the drink at work or drive thing - i was an alone in private drinker. But hey addiction and withdrawal play real headgames and I whiteknuckled it. Got called in today and all I thought was "wasnt it funny how it felt like I was wrestling wheel out of someone else's hands last time? Heh heh heh."     ..TL;DR everyone's different I can only speak to my own experiences.
My first two weeks I spent in bed (back had gone out). I was two weeks sober before I got to my first meeting. I could only go to meetings where I had been before - I had way too much anxiety to deal with the idea of new PT (no car). ..I found this sub and decided to do a 30 day reset to reevaluate my life. I was flat broke and I was done...I felt raw for months. Raw and volatile. Wild swings of emotions. Ive spent some time thinking about 'normal' and what that means because for so long my normal was the normal of 'functional alcoholic'...The recovery has been exponential - but I've attended a lot of meetings done  a lot of writing and built a strong support network. All this took time. ..But there is a an ongoing upward trend of bettering.
