-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zbnjp/i_just_cant_seem_to_100_quit_and_i_dont_know_what/

For starters I just wanted to thank all of the people who regularly post on this sub. I've been actively looking through the posts here for about a year and it's helped open my eyes to a lot of my issues when it comes to drinking. I'm realizing that I have a lot of alcoholic tendencies and to be honest I'm extremely scared to live a completely sober lifestyle( I self medicate mainly with alcohol if I'm bored scared happy nervous anxious depressed.. basically the entire gambit of human emotion)...I'm fairly young still (26) and I'm just at a loss for what to do with myself. It's hard to admit but I've progressed from being a binge drinker 1-2 x per week in college to now 4-5x per week. My drinking has led to feelings of constant hopelessness depression apathy and crushing anxiety. It's led to lost jobs destroyed relationships alienation of friends and who knows how many missed opportunities. I know that the alcohol is ruining pretty much every part of my life but I just can't stop. It's EVERYWHERE everyone I know drinks and thats what they do for fun. I'm aware that the social side of it isn't the main problem since I drink alone most of the time though. Here's a good list of some of the things that I drink to deal with:..* -Crushing loneliness- losing "friends" left and right and haven't had any semblance of a relationship in a few years. One of my biggest triggers for drinking is my thought that I'll never find a decent woman. I had an amazing girlfriend when I was sober(at 16 though) and I haven't found anything like it again. I can't get past the thinking pattern that most women will be turned off by men in their 20's that don't drink.. I've read through a lot of stories on here and most have a similar tone.. dating is way more difficult when you are sober and this just reenforces my belief and honestly makes me pretty depressed about the whole situation. ..* -Family issues(both parents are functional alcoholics.. 4-5 drinks min per day and I also live with them). Alcoholism definitely is in my family and they don't understand why I'm having so many issues with it...* -I play the tape forward and see myself missing out on all of the events that my friends are going to and trips they are doing. The crazy part about this is that the trip hasn't even been planned yet and I'm already panicking about not being able to drink... so what does my brain do? "Well we know that you wont be invited if you don't drink so you'll definitely drink when you're there. Since you're going to drink there you might as well drink now and all the way up until the trip right?"..One of the things that is so hard for me about getting sober this young is that I just can't relate to a lot of what is written on here and I can't really talk to people my age about it. I don't have a career job that is in jeopardy. I don't have a wife and kids that I could lose. It's just me all by myself floating out there with no real support system.  ..I've done a few 30-60 day stints of abstaining from alcohol felt better but then fall back into it after a while again. Once I relapse the cycle repeats where I drink excessively for a week or two feel terrible about myself to the point where I abstain again. I'm just at a loss for what to do about all of this mess. I know the answer is to quit but I don't see how I can just start over. I know that the moment I quit 90% of my friends and social life will be gone which means that my chances of meeting any woman through mutual friends/events will go with it too. Any advice would be appreciated and thanks for reading if you got this far...TL:DR I drink to surpress my fear of being alone/friendless never amounting to anything and the fact that my life is light years in the wrong direction from where I thought it would be when I was growing up.
----------immediate responses--------

A couple of things /u/Bigcinco most of us relate to the things you're describing especially in terms of fearfulness about being cutoff from relationships and drinking friends and yet as you point out our drinking destroys many of the relationships to family and real friends (in contrast to drinking buddies).  Also many of us relate to that anxiety about making a permanent decision to "quit."  That is why this sub is /r/stopdrinking and not /r/quitdrinking.  We are all about the decision to stop drinking for 24 hours at a time renewable tomorrow.  At this [link is a post called the Baby Steps and it is what I did to stop drinking and get sober.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I hope you find something there that will give you some traction.
Welcome. You are not alone. There are actually lots of sober people your age on SD as well as in AA. One day at a time friend. 
I would think most girls would prefer a lad who doesn't drink drink turns people into boring aggressive arseholes.
I wish I had the wisdom you are displaying at 26 years old.  It would have saved me a lot of wasted years.  I try not to focus on all the other noise (friends relationships work etc) but make sobriety the #1 priority and let the rest take care of itself as my journey progresses. 
My number one fear of stopping drinking was that I would lose friends. I couldn't imagine myself hanging out with friends without drinking. I thought I would make other people uncomfortable with my sobriety (cause sober people freaked me out). It turns out all of this worry was for nothing. These were lies my alcoholic brain was telling me to keep me hooked.  Turns out that my friends are not alcoholics and they don't care whether or not I'm drinking. They are happy to do things with me that don't revolve around alcohol. ..Yes I do find that I don't go out as much and I definitely don't go to bars or parties where the main focus point is drinking. And that's surprisingly okay. Those things did not add value to my life. I'm at peace with going to bed early (and waking up early YAY!)...When I do want to go out I ask my friends to do something that doesn't involve drinking and they say okay because they aren't alcoholics and life doesn't revolve around drinking for them...You may have friends that are alcoholics and you may lose some drinking buddies in the process. But it's a small price to pay for getting your life back.
I was really worried about this too. I'm also a 26 year old female and I LOVE to go out with my friends. Lately I've been ordering non-alcoholic versions of my favorite drinks or red bulls so that I have SOMETHING I can sip on while I dance or hang out at the bar with them and TRUST ME - it's SO helpful. The other night my friend offered to buy me a drink about 7 or 8x and I PROMISED myself I would be sober. So graciously said no and got myself a red bull. :) It felt great waking up the next day knowing I was in control and I still was able to taste the yummy gingerness of my favorite drink with the non-alcoholic moscow mule. Just one idea from a fellow young woman with a VERY similar problem. Best of luck to you on your journey of sobriety. I will be trying AA soon  as well... for the first time... 
