-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zdfqc/functioning_alcoholic_but_im_worried_im_going_to/

I'm sick of drinking. Well that's not really true - I love drinking. I love it too much...For the last decade I've been telling myself that I really should slow down that I'm too reliant on alcohol. It's physically hard to write and I cringe at myself but I've drunk almost every night for the last ten years. There have been some exceptions but they're the exceptions that prove the rule...On almost every one of those nights I've had an average of around seven to nine standard drinks over four to five hours. I'm male and tall so thanks to genetics body mass or exposure-based tolerance I'm almost never drunk to the point of being imbalanced or having memory loss. I know I'm rationalising but that keeps me feeling like I've had around three standard drinks for the night. It's enough to maintain a buzz and feel relaxed but the sheer volume over time is horrifying if you think about it objectively...Probably the only positive I can point to is that I can't remember the last time I was black-out drunk. If I didn't feel sick if I drank more than that I don't think I'd be functioning...I think I drink because it's how I've coped with stress and boredom; I travel a lot and it gets boring in airplanes and at strange hotels. Over the last two years I've taken to heading around supermarkets while travelling to make sure I've got my drinks for the night. I used to have my first drink around 8pm. Then it moved to with dinner. Then it moved to while I was preparing dinner...I tried to start drinking later to reduce my intake but I just drank faster...Alcohol doesn't seem to have held me back. I've published I'm successful I have a loving family with a wonderful home and by any measure my life is great. It hasn't held me back. Yet. And that's what I'm terrified of...I don't seem to have any health problems. Equally though I'm too scared to go to a doctor and ask the question to find out for sure. I can run I sleep well I'm at a healthy BMI and despite the amount I drink I don't really feel bad in the morning. I'm normally woken up pretty early and while I don't bound out of bed I get up and start the day every day. I get a solid seven or more hours of sleep every night and while the alcohol affects my sleeping patterns I don't feel tired during the day unless I stop doing things...But I can't see how that can last. I'm in my early forties and I'm worried that if I keep going like this I'm going to kill myself. It won't be the alcohol killing me it'll be me committing suicide slowly...So here I am. I went a week sober last year but decided I could do moderation. Apparently I can't. For the good of my life and my family I'm here because I believe I need to be. And I'm going to stay until I stop drinking for good...I've been reading posts across stopdrinking and I've created this account to make a commitment not to drink. Like they say I'm great at quitting - I've done it at least twenty times. It's what comes after that I struggle with .....I know the first night is challenging. For me the second is easy. The third seems almost impossible largely because I start feeling so great again that I feel like having a drink to celebrate. And from there I start the cycle again...This time though I want to make it through the week. And then another. And then New Year...It being easier to keep the lion in the cage rather than on a leash makes a lot of sense to me. I just don't think I have the willpower to not "have another". I don't think I can separate alcohol from being intoxicated - without the intoxication I just don't enjoy the drink...So I don't think I can live the rest of my life drinking alcohol. Actually that's not quite right - I think I can almost definitely live the rest of my life drinking alcohol. I'm just scared it'll be a lot shorter...This is my commitment to keep checking in. Last year's survey gives me hope - people who have been sober for longer periods of time feel the urge to drink alcohol less frequently. I want that to be me. I don't want to be thinking of my first drink the second I get home...I'm going to tackle each day as it comes but I can't go on like this.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is the worst antidepressant.   as one of my good friends (who is in AA) would say "Ive had a lot a great times drinking but everyone one of my bad times was while I was drinking"
Welcome! There is so much in your post that I recognize. When I arrived here I wasn't planning on totally quitting but I was little  worried about my health. I was also running slow and functioning as well if not better than many. But I wasn't living at my best. I started a 21 day 'fast' and after 30 days I wrote in my journal it was the best decision I have ever made. I am coming up to a year it hasn't all been easy and yet I believe this is going to be the best year of my life. 
We drink because we're drunks brother.  It took me a long time to understand that but it's true.  ..What helped me in those first few days and weeks of quitting was finding a hobby - something I could do to take my mind off the desire to drink something I could exhaust myself doing so I'd not have the energy to drink.  I highly suggest writing and working out (be it in the form of lifting martial arts whatever).  ..After my first few months of sobriety I still felt the urge but it was minimal - I had control again.  After a few years I still get twinges every now and then but I'm able to step back and look at it objectively - and I've got the memories of my time as an alcoholic to remind me why drinking's not a good idea...Some people can do moderation - some people can drink and quit at predetermined points; you and me aren't part of that group which is why we're here and admitting that is a massive step forward towards living the sober life.  ..Congrats on your choice to go dry and remember that the community's here for you.
I'm glad that you're here. I can relate to a lot of things you said. /u/SoberApok just had a great post about a "functional" alcoholic. I've also read a lot on this sub that "functional" is not a type of alcoholism but a stage of alcoholism...This sub is a great resource. The FAQ is packed with tons of great information and the people here are a wonderful source of support. Let us know how you are doing.
You can absolutely get free of alcohol. I used to obsess over when and where I would have my next drink. Now it doesn't cross my mind. That is freedom my friend. ..Great post! Congrats on one week!
I've been an alcoholic for 35 years. I have been able to achieve different lengths of sobriety during that time. I was lucky to be a 'functioning alcoholic'...I had a sponsor tell me a long time ago about the difference between a 'function alcoholic' and an 'alcoholic'...The functioning alcoholic's head is still on the curb. Don't drink today!
&gt; I don't want to be thinking of my first drink the second I get home...It took me a whie to break that association - I stocked up on sparkling water as a substitute and would guzzle that on getting home and whenever I got an urge. If my thoughts drifted to alcohol I'd divert them over to the sparkling water. With time the urges waned I'm so grateful to have broken out of the drinking cycle it was a trap.
Congrats. I wish I had made your choice at your stage and age. Perhaps I am an example of what might have happened to you if you'd kept on drinking. 8 years ago I could have written your post. Pretty much everything you said I could have written 8 plus years ago. Healthy and wealthy fit and slim. Successful. But not now. 33 lbs heavier the least fit I have ever been the least income and net worth in decades stomach issues that might be pancreas kidneys and liver indigestion cough caused by reflux. Well I hope my self diagnosis is right. 8 years ago my drinking didn't seem to affect me. Then I drank more. Don't want to 'fess up to the the doc. Stopped on December 31st after cutting back since Sept. However I am back on track with my business and reckon I'll make a huge income this year. .Keep up the good work. This sub has been great for me stick with it for a bit would love to hear more from you and how you're going results changes etc. 
From a thread in SD - High Functioning  Alcoholic isn't a type but a stage  until we are no longer functional!  I'm going to stop the process and regain being a high functioning person. Today I'm not going to drink. 
hi! welcome. I am very much like you. I am in my early 30s have a great job with a great partner and am doing my phd in medicine with a few publications this year alone.. what i am going to write next is going to sound completely stupid and insane and i am sort of scared to see it out there in black and white myself but.....i had been feeling unwell for a few years experiencing neuropathic pain (numbness tingling) blurred vision mood swings and i somehow convinced myself first and then everyone around me that i had a chronic neurologic illness (MS)... i changed doctors when my family doctor didn't take me seriously and after about 5 years of waiting i got a referral to a neurologist but my appt was 9 months away and i was scared of waiting because i had started experiencing memory loss and poor concentration... i called in some favours at work and got an appt within 3 weeks. neurologist who is a peer to my boss tells me it's not a neurological disorder it's alcoholism. i just couldn't/wouldn't see it myself. that humiliation wasn't even the last draw for me. i recently lost a friend during withdrawal and started to not be able to "function" myself. the good thing is we're here doing it together! i'm not drinking today and hope the same for you. .take care.
It'll catch up to you eventually. Or more like it'll drag you down to its level and lower. Slowly enough for you to keep denying it but certainly.
