-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zf7w9/got_advice_i_didnt_ask_for_should_it_annoy_me_as/

So over the past recent time my sister and I have slowly talked about me and my issues she offers to help offers to talk everything but the thing is she doesnt. If I go there she's busy on the phone or tv if I call her she only talks about herself or she'll be too busy... I feel she's only saying she'll be there to say it. Feels like she only wants me to 'clean up' to make herself look better in front of family and her freinds. I feel she's not doing it genuinely or for my interest. I dont know why I feel that way (other than the evidence) but it has always bothered me. ..It's only the 4th day for me but I made the decision on MY OWN and I plan on doing it on MY OWN (and SD of course) so today out of no where she sends me a link. I'm only hoping its just the fact its only 4 days in and my emotions are wacky but this really bothers me. I read a minute or so into it before I stopped and thought 'wait what... why oh yeah because you all think I'M the one with the problem!' and stopped reading it. ..It feels like when religious people come to you handing pamphlets saying 'just hold onto it you may read it sometime' or some one just yelling something passing by at you "YOU'RE FAT" 'uhh yeah and what?'. I've tried to get them to understand my issues but they never seem to care until its convenient for them or its a wave of care every once or twice a year and as we know its a day to day struggle. ..I really felt like replying back with a link about her selfish attitude filled non caring ass but I said 'OOH let me check in today and vent a bit'. ..I dont think I'm mad anymore but how would you feel?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I can see why your frustrated. I found the best and most genuine support at AA. 
The muggles mean well I wouldn't be insulted.  In fact I smile because this is a well-intentioned expression of concern and compassion.
Sounds to me like she's trying to help in her own way. We can't demand love on our own terms.
