-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zglpu/embrace_the_suck_of_early_sobriety/

Four months sober. It has flown by and boy does it get better. It's not easy but finally after the 1000th attempt at quitting this sober attempt has succeeded for now. The difference? I posted here regularly in the first few weeks I read other's posts everyday and I embraced the suck....For the lurkers/newly sober people - the first 1-2 months were the roughest for me. I heard/read everyone say that it gets better but I was in such a haze the words didn't stick. I was more concerned about how crappy I felt then. How could I even look ahead a few days if I was struggling just to stay sober for the next hour?...The military has a saying "Embrace the suck". Accept that life has come to this point. Put in the work succeed and move on. I know the first hours/days/weeks of sobriety suck. Its mentally exhausting trying to survive one hour to the next without running to the store and drowning yourself in a bottle that will make the anxiety and withdrawals shut up for a few hours. Put the insomnia on top of this and I am a cranky SOB ready to relapse. It's going to suck. Embrace the discomfort. It's the brain/body healing. It's not easy. But after awhile the sleep comes back the body stops hurting the anxiety subsides shit gets done and what is that? A smile on my face??...Keep at it. Around 2 months I realized that I had stopped mentally counting the days I've been sober in my head. It's because I wasn't obsessed with tacking on another hour or day onto my sober resume. I had stopped obsessively thinking about alcohol so much. Sure I still wake up every morning and tell myself I won't drink today. And sure I still get the desire to get hammered every now and then. How do I deal with the temptation? I embrace the suck. My life has come to the point where I want to irrationally get hammered at odd hours of the day. That comes with the territory of addiction. It's ok. I might feel shame or guilt over this and that's normal. But there is the option of embracing it. Owning it. Accepting life for what it is now. Fighting and WINNING the battle with addiction. ...What I've learned so far: the longer I stay sober the easier it is to win this battle. Embrace the suck it's worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks. I really needed to read this..."Embrace the suck." I should get that tattooed on arm so I'll remember it.
Embrace the suck...I love it! I'm definitely there.  This is really my first attempt where I accept that it's going to take time and it's going to be hard. Most things worth accomplishing are hard and take time. Great advice!
Just getting through the slog.
When I was young I worked outdoors a lot in the cold midwestern winter. Each year as the weather turned cold I was miserable for a while trying to stay warm as I was outside for hours. I was fighting the cold. Then at some point I'd remember to embrace the cold. Rather than cringe against it just throw out my chest and breathe deep. After that I'd be comfortable in the cold for the rest of the winter...That's what embrace the suck made me think of--welcoming the discomfort and moving through it. Acclimating to a new reality rather than fighting it. 
Thank you for this post! I am right at the point where I forget or stop caring how many days sober that I have under my belt. In the beginning that number meant a lot but the importance of that number is quickly fading. I have started to embrace sobriety as my new normal. I still take it one day at a time but I don't feel like a relapse is imminent. I fully embrace sobriety and yes sometimes it will suck. Fortunately most of it doesn't!
Boy did I need to hear that today. I have been obsessing about how I feel.  Not accepting that exact thing. "Embrace the suck" .wow so big. I am about to cry in a good way.
Great advice this.
Great post. Thanks.
Thanks. I needed this.
Hi there please change some of the language in your post to reflect speaking from the I. We have been getting reports that it is breaking subreddit guidelines. Thank you.
I really like this post because it reminds me things get better.
Excellent post. Viewed from this perspective every additional day sober in early sobriety is significant. Embrace the suck!
Embracing the suck as we speak. First work day since day 1 and I had a small victory by driving straight home instead of dropping by my regular place. I didn't feel all that terrible or deprived when I got home so that's a plus! 
needed this too. At work started super anxious but knew it was just my body healing... I'll get through this!
excellent post justfortoday!
Great post. My brother is a heavy drinker too and he had to quit for a year after a DUI. He told me it get easy after 10 days but for me it doesn't at all. The longest sober attempt it got harder after 10 days and didn't even start getting easier until at least 3 weeks in. ..Here to stay sober.
I needed this right now. It's my second attempt so I knew it was going to suck so I put it off for a couple of years now that I'm trying again I'm embracing the suck.
Embrace it all good and bad. Suck shit and superb surprises.
Awesome. Thank you.
It gets better. LOTS better. Just breathe and be kind to yourself.
Brilliant dam better than embracing a can of cider well done on 139 days.
&gt;My life has come to the point where I want to irrationally get hammered at odd hours of the day...I need to hear this! Isn't that the damnedest thing... I never really craved alcohol on a Monday morning until I started sobering up. Maybe because I was usually hungover from Sunday night.  Great post!
&gt; I had stopped obsessively thinking about alcohol so much...Thank God this subsides because right now closing in on day 3 booze-free all I can think about is alcohol and drinking. I'm trying to distract myself but it's there. All. The. Time...I'm gonna hug the shit out of the suck. 
Thanks I really needed to hear this!
Very similar boat here. By day 60ish is when I realized that I COULD beat this. I think getting over that first 60 days was the worst part for me  especially considering I was a daily drinker for years. 
Thank you
Excellent post -- really encouraging thanks.
Embrace the suck... thats awesome! great way to look at it.
