-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zhmqm/i_will_persist_until_i_succeed/

I've been alcohol free for over a year and I decided to announce it in this post because I am proud and want to share the feel goods with ya'll. ..I sobered up in relative secrecy because I was deeply ashamed of how I had succumbed to the devil's juice. Like most people here I also enjoyed the relapses so common among the plebs as I tried in vain to moderate my blackouts and make my shitfaced turn normal. I had an abusive job lived in a grotesque town and was very displeased at the life I was living. ..I used the marijuana maintenance program to get me through that first alcohol free winter. In the spring I couldn't stand the isolation and loneliness anymore so I crawled like a baby to an AA meeting. I didn't like going to the meetings but I forced myself to go until I made one friend- a kindred soul. The nice ladies from the meetings told me I would fail without a sponsor without the steps without the program. This infuriated me and was just the push I needed to make my sobriety an act of defiance and rebellion. ..Even though I don't go to AA anymore I'm always grateful in knowing that if need be the double A doors are open and awaiting my return. Knowing they are there makes me feel brave in attempting to do things my way because if I fail they will be there for me. .But I have not failed yet. Definitely not today for today I will not drink. I got a new job. I moved to a new town. I have only one friend but so what? I will take one sober friend over 100 drunk friends. ..Instead of the 12 steps it's Mandino's 10 scrolls that get me through the day. Here I leave you with my favorite quote from the Scroll Marked III:.. I was not delivered unto this world in defeat nor does failure course in my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepherd. I am a lion and I refuse to talk to walk to sleep with the sheep. I will hear not those who weep and complain for their disease is contagious. Let them join the sheep. The slaughterhouse of failure is not my destiny...I will persist until I succeed. .
----------immediate responses--------

This is wonderful! I hope you continue! 
Goddamn that quote is fantastic. May I ask what these scrolls are? I've never heard of them before. But that quote punched me in the gut...Congratulations on your one year arroyodenieve! I'm delighted for you.
As long as you carry on succeeding we will persist in being happy for you well done major achievement.
Congrats and good job cool quote :)
