-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ziqg9/finally_ended_up_in_er_vomiting_blood/

I've been reading this reddit for a  while - even had some flair going up to a week before relapsing and removing it but I finally hit rock bottom..On Friday I checked into the ER and was admitted into a 3 day detox. I have an ulcerated esophagus along with everything else..When I checked in on Friday I had a DT level of 8 and blew a 0.3.Tomorrow morning I am checking into a 30 day rehab..I'm not expecting any responses to this especially as I'm not allowed any outside contact during the next 30 days but I'd just thought I'd throw this out to anyone who thinks they are 'hanging on' just fine.....If anyone wants to reset my flair my last drink was Fri morning Jan 1.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there - prayers from MSP 
Wow. That's heavy. I know you're sequestered but when you get out you weren't talking into a vaccuum. I hope the rehab really really helps cushion your first week and gives you some tools to combat this longterm. Getting past the emotional and unhealthy shitshow of a drunken stupor into real sobriety is so rewarding. Best of luck to your recovery and hope to hear an update 31 days out. I'm not drinking with you.
Really sorry to hear that but it sounds like you are going to the right place.
It sucks dude. I used to vomit blood and have it come out of my nose. Hopefully that never happens to either of us again. I worry a lot about how much I've damaged my body...I had to go to the ER this morning due to it and other WD symptoms. They took care of me. Sent me on my way rehab is coming soon for me as well cause I don't think I can handle it any other way. They just want me to wait a few days so we can be sure the WDs are all likely done. I'm excited as they can't tend to them
Excited to hear from you in 30 days. Take care friend. 
That's a really graphic description - - makes me realize I don't want to ever be in that position. Thank you for that. My current goal is thirty days as well . . I'll race you there!
I've been where you are before. I was so hungover one morning about 5 years ago from getting plastered the night before. After violently puking for a long time noticed there was blood in the toilet. I was at work and this scared the living shit out of me. I left and went to the ER. After many tests the results came back that I had torn the lining in my esophagus. It wasn't anything major. I brushed it off after a couple of weeks and just kept on drinking. Years later after hitting more and more lows I really wish that that ER visit had been more serious and damaging. I could have saved myself from a DUI thousands of regrets and tons of heartache. You are doing the right thing. You are saving your life. You got this.
Wow mate this is such a huge thing to deal with.  Glad that you have decided to do a 30 day rehab and hope your health improves.  What is a DT level of 8 mean?  I keep relapsing so thanks for your post because each relapse for me seems to involve riskier behaviour and depression.  Look forward to your next post.
Pulling for you. See you back here when you get out. 
[deleted]
I want to see you back here in 30 days. Good luck my friend and get better. 
Congrats on making a very positive change!  Look forward to hearing for you in February 
Best of luck in rehab and come back in 30 days to update us on your health and your progress
Tough stuff. Best of luck with the rehab man. Let us know how you got on when you get back...Take care :)
You can do this!
Hey there thanks for sharing your story. I'm glad you survived. Please give an update when you get out. We'll be here to support each other!
you got this! we are here for you! 
[deleted]
Good for you for reaching out. 30 days should help a lot - at least that's what I'm going for right now myself. We'll be here when you get out.
We are always here for you. Good luck.
Good luck and best wishes pal.
Glad you're getting fixed up best of luck with all of it!
Good luck friend. Please check in when you return we are here and we listen.
Feel and get better! Rehab can be a good time to reset one's brain. See you in 30!
[removed]
I got sober right after New Year's in 2009.  Guess what?  I'm still sober.  It's a fight everyday but that fight gets easier and easier.  Please let us know how you're doing after your 30 days.  You'll walk out of there scared as hell but stay strong keep busy and live on this website if you have to.  Don't give up.
