-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zjy09/realizing_now_what_is_natural/

I've been sober for 100 days today for which I'm grateful. There is something that has been a struggle for me since the first big change of stopping: what to do with myself. ..It wasn't obvious how empty my life was when I was drinking but after I stopped there was all this time. One way to look at the time is a gift but when you don't have anything to do with it it just makes life feel empty...I'm realizing slowly that not having all my time spoken for is really a gift and that figuring out what to do with time is a fine way time spend some. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a 100 days!  
Congratulations! ..I have had the same problem - so much time and nothing to do! Little by little I have found different ways to fill my days but I'm still working on it.
I'm definitely in a similar boat. For me it's actually a bit overwhelming. ..  I'm in my late 20's with no kids and little debt. With this newly clearer head the possibilities seem so endless that I'm afraid to make any decision. 
[deleted]
First congrats on 100 days! ..Hopefully you are starting to look at your life as full instead of empty now that you have stopped drinking. I certainly wish I was in your shoes and had time at my disposal. With 3 kids my days are filled with work soccer practice maintaining a home...its shocking to me how I found the time to still drink with everything going on. I'm not complaining though...Maybe its because of the lack of time that I know exactly what I would do if I did have the time. I would get better at golf. It's a sport that can never truly be mastered but offers continuous opportunities for growth and development. There is always something to learn and always some way to get better. In the spare time I do have I check out the new equipment watch the pros play on the weekends and try to sneak in a few rounds here and there. ..Instead of doing a passive activity such as reading watching TV or playing video games I find I get a much better sense of personal accomplishment doing something that is goal-oriented and offers development. Not that there is anything wrong with passive activities heck we all need some time to recharge the batteries. But I just enjoy being 100% engaged and present in my hobbies and activities. ..Hope you find a meaningful way to fill your hours!
I feel ya. I haven't had a drink since October 24th and I'm finding that I've got way more free time and have also discovered that my whole social life revolved around drinking. It kind d of sucks as I don't know what to do with all this free time  but I have been hitting the gym a lot and I'm meeting up with some friends for sober activities this weekend so we'll see what's up. 
I'm only on day 5 but so far I've turned into the biggest bookworm I've ever turned into. Late at night I obsess over difficult puzzles or hone my craft as a guitarist. ..I'm just kind of a nerd when I'm not drunk which is funny because I think many times I came off as a bro when I was out drinking. ..I'm more puzzled about how I'm gonna spend all that extra money I'm gonna have. 
I am already planning my ventures and submitting job applications networking etc when I start to feel good. ..This is because I know i'm worth of something. My self-esteem was very low at the beginning but It's starting to build up.
For me all the new time seemed strange at first too and disorienting and uncomfortable. That is after all the years of filling time with drinking all that extra space in the day felt..well...extra. I worried that all the new spare space in the day would somehow turn out to be a source of relapse: you know open hours offering the temptation of old patterns. What I found and this sounds to be a lot like what you're thinking too is that over time partly through my efforts and partly just through the effect of sober days adding up that all that extra time ceased to be extra/strange/weird and became instead the new normal. And this for me has been one of the most satisfying things; where once I felt vaguely worried about a quiet evening at home or an open afternoon as a kind of temptation now my new normal either fills them up with my range of activities/tasks/obligations or leaves the time unfilled for some honest loafing. But in either case the answer to 'now what?' has become an open one and that is a nice feeling indeed. Congrats on your 100. 
100 days today for me too congrats! I have realized as well how much extra time I have had. I have seen some new paths start opening up in my life which I am excited about. At the same time I am nervous about my future and following these new paths. I know for a fact none of these changes would have come to life if I was still drinking and cannot be followed if I go back to drinking. Thanks for the share I wish you the best!
Congratulations on 100 days. It may not be the most accepted way to spend time but I play a video game. It's cheap spent $50 4 months ago and I just hop on for an hour or two or more. I don't do well with spare time. I also read and garden and do other productive things but those later hours from 8-11pm when I would have normally been at the bar are sometimes spent crafting or questing in games.
I feel the same way! I took up exercise and I am thinking of trying to learn something new on my own. There is a void the alcohol filled and now I guess we need to figure out either what to fill it with or what the poison replaced on us. 
