-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zkwwu/i_am_an_alcohol_abuser_that_struggles_with_binge/

I'm overweight and used to be bulimic I don't bring anything up anymore but I am bingeing chronically. What is worse is that it Is all sweetrefined carbohydrates and sugar and I am wheat intolerant. Its like self sabotage and replacing one thing with another and its so bad I don't want to leave the house I feel trapped from one cycle to the next - I hate hate hate being overweight but it's like a force bigger than me I want to start going to the gym but I'm ashamed of u size. I'm 23 and I have the large unkempt unfit body of a woman double my age and I don't know how to do this I feel like I've gone too far to ever get a good figure and I will never beat this good I addiction moreso than my alcohol one.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey pea92..I can relate. I'm 4'11' and at 23 I weighed about 140 pounds. Now I'm 28 and about 100 pounds. What worked for me is counting my calories and not eating processed foods. I also recommend drinking a fruit smoothie rather than eating tons of sweet candy! Trust me I love candy too so I try to stick to organic candy products (Annie's bunny gummies are bomb!) Here's a link to a great smoothie club I belong to! http://simplegreensmoothies.com/
Greetings!..Without getting into technicalities in my experiences sometimes bad habits build off each other. I for one LOVE to eat healthy and exercise but only when sober. Otherwise I binge eat. Basically my body wants to either hit the gym for 2 hours or go home drink a six pack and eat a couple packets of ramen. That can either be a -800 calorie stress relief or a +2000 calorie stress relief. Do that a few dozen times a year and it's a huge difference...My point is sometimes replacing one 'addiction' with another can be a good thing. Hitting the gym constantly *can* reduce the desire to binge eat. For me I know if I hit the gym and put all that effort into my morning regimen I don't want to lose it all be stuffing myself in the evening...In my experience at every gym I've ever gone to I have NEVER heard one person make fun of another person's size. I never see people gawking or anything. EVER...It's not like fucking high school. If a person spends their own money and time to hit the gym they are concerned about themselves. Their time. Their progress. Their reps. They didn't go there to watch others. ..Hell when I see others *if* I even think anything at all it's "good for them!". And then I am back to my weights. ..Good luck!
I lost 80lbs. But just like with not drinking I had to be diligent. I weigh and measure everything. I only eat the calories I am supposed to. I use the my fitness pal website and app to help keep track. I never care what people think of me when I'm in the gym. Anyone there is someone trying to better there health. People respect that. I know i do. 
I'm 40-ish and I have the large unkempt unfit body of a woman twice your age. When I was out for my morning walk I was thinking about the saying "the best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago the second best time is today." I was thinking it applied to quitting drinking and getting in shape and planting trees...Wishing you well!
I once heard someone say that our ISMs run in pairs or even packs...in my understanding it is all the same thing - just a symptom of our discomfort of not being able to fit into our own skin - or however you want to put it.  I have been in AA a long while and have seen many with eating disorders gambling sex workaholism shopping - the list goes on and on......The answer as I see it is pretty much the same for all of them.    ..  First comes acknowledgement of the problem - that our lives are unmanageable - and in many ways alcohol is the easiest - just say no can't do that with food - most likely gotta have one pair of shoes (as opposed to 200) - gotta earn a living - ..At the heart of it for many of us myself included is a self esteem which is warped twisted cracked and otherwise inaccurate.  Fixing that is what recovery is - more or less - all about.
When I first started everyone was like oh I bet you're losing weight! NOPE. I had finally gotten my binge eating under control for about a year quit drinking and the first four months I struggled hard with eating. My body just still craved the sugar and carbs. I didn't realize how much sugar/carbs I was drinking until I stopped and then only 5 candy bars at a time would satisfy the sugar cravings (which were insanely intense). ..It mellows out though with time. At about the 5 month mark I actually did start losing weight because I had weaned myself off of sugar. ..It's not the best news that it gets better with time. But that's the reality. I had to wake up that just because I removed one "crutch" type bad habit didn't mean I could just replace it with eating. 
For whatever reason drinking was like throwing gasoline on the fire of my issues with food. I couldnt begin to address the food stuff until i took the poison that made me wanna eat endless crap out of the equation. Its gotten so much easier with time sober. Unfortunately we cant exactly quit food just work on our relationship with it. Go easy on urself this stuff is really hard. xx
Hi there..I'm 21 quit drinking 4 days ago and also have binged my way through each day..I had anorexia that transitioned to bulimia and now to this weird EDNOS I guess you would call it. ..I feel much the same as you. I struggle with focusing on just dealing with drinking problems for the time being as I'm desperate to set myself rules in regards to my eating habits as well but I know that tornado of self examination won't end well because it never has before...I don't have much to offer other than I just try to take deep breaths and remind myself that working on impulse control in one damaging area in my life (alcohol) can only have a positive impact on my mindfulness in regards to others (binging &amp; purging)..Best of luck to you I hope you find what you need! 
The longer you stay sober the better your mental health will be. Then you can start adding small improvements to your life like a daily walk or trip to the gym. Once you've put the effort into exercising you'll find you're more open to eating healthier and might have a normal lunch instead of 'bad food'...Do that enough times and you'll start to have more energy and this will mean you can do more at the gym. The more you go the more confident you will feel about it and the quicker you will start making gains...I know of very very large men and women who have got down to a reasonable weight. You're 23 I bet you could get 80% of the way if not all the way by the end of the year...Just start with small actions and slowly build them up. You can do this the only thing stopping you is your belief you can't.
Yes! I didn't realize until recently how much I struggled with binge eating. This last week my first sober one I've been making up for the alcohol with food. I'm trying to be more mindful of just absently stuffing my face but it's hard...A few years ago I lost 60 lbs and felt great. Then a few more babies and years later (and way too many drinks) it's all crept back. It was easy to lose the first time but harder now probably because in the back of my mind I think I can just start any time. I'm worried about something similar happening with stopping drinking that if I relapse then it will be even harder the next time around.
I can relate. I ate donuts and sweets when I quit drinking. Looking back I wish I hadn't done that but I guess it kindof helped get off alcohol. But now I know why I did that. It's the same dopamine receptors whether you hit them with alcohol or sugar. Learning more about drug abuse I learned that drug addicts can get addicted to a completely new drug they've never had if you take the old drug away because its hitting the same dopamine receptors...So that's some of the science behind it. Like I said for the first 2-3 months I really had a sweet tooth and gained a lot of weight. I think it might have been both helpful and harmful. It was helpful in that I wasn't drinking but it was harmful because I didn't feel some of the same joys that people felt when they quit drinking. I was wondering why I wasn't feeling awesome like other ex-drinkers. Know I know why. Well it has a happy ending. I lost all the weight a year ago and recently last month I went the whole month without ANY added sugars to my food. I feel so awesome. I feel higher than I ever did on alcohol. I also am swimming 5 days a week and doing some lifting at the gym...One thing I owe a lot to is white rice.  I learned to eat rice in Asia and it satisfies my hunger more than sugar (sucrose/fructose) ever did. Its pretty much pure glucose which the liver and all your cells in your body loves. Its completely non-toxic to the liver. I wouldn't be worried about arsenic so much that collects in the husk. White rice has no husk and is polished...there are no nutrients or fiber in it. But I love to eat green vegetables like spinach and broccoli everyday.  ..My favorite activity/exercise is walking. If I was overweight I would walk it off. The nice thing about walking is it doesn't make you hungry and its easy to do. If I go swimming or lift weights I feel my hunger goes up a lot...Good luck. Don't every feel ashamed of your size. Improvements happen slowly but they will happen. Be patient and love yourself always. Every one will had advice for you but its up to you to decide what will work best for you.
I read the article in The Washington Post about this sub and found out that there is another sub for weight issues on reddit.  Why not give that a try?
[deleted]
One resource that may help you is Dr. Kathleen Desmaisons's website "Radiant Recovery.'' She is the author of several books and makes some big connections between sugar diet and alcoholism.  I have found that educating myself as much as possible really helps me understand and help overcome or at least manage my addictive behavior.  Not saying that it's going to be the solution for you- but maybe you will find a gem rings true for you there.
