-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zl2iw/my_double_relapse_and_what_i_am_doing_different/

I'll spare the details but there was a 5 day bender that landed me in the ER on Christmas day. Totally ruined Christmas. I got sober for about 3 days but did nothing to try and maintain it. Went out for dinner and had that evil 1st drink last Monday. This turned into an 8 day bender where I really lost track of time. Somehow kept a job and lived on a diet of ramen noodles for several days. You would think I would learn but that's why places like SD and AA exist...I am starting to realize that if I am serious about staying sober then I need to accept that this will be a lifelong process. My binge ended Sunday night with me calling my father out of complete despair unable to stop drinking. As I am writing this post (sorry I sound like a broken record for most of you that know me) I have 38 hours of sobriety. I still feel like shit but I know I will need at least a few more days. In any case:..- I was brutally honest about my drinking problem with my parents. They had no idea and now my dad has been checking in with me several times a day. I am so grateful to be blessed with this...- I was brutally honest with my doctor (whom I saw yesterday). He has referred me for a consult at an outpatient program that I am going to go to. ..- Most of all I was honest with my boss about what happened. He is an understanding guy - I am lucky. ..Now I have to work on being honest with myself. I am not a person who can ever have alcohol. I am allergic to it. Period. One day at a time is all I can promise but I know the next drink could be the one that I lose my job to or worse.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that this happened to you :( I relapsed and am starting over as of yesterday. I'm really glad you told your parents that has been immensely helpful for me too. It's somewhat embarrassing but it's good to know that they know you aren't lying anymore
Honesty is the only real prerequisite to getting sober in my experience.
Your honesty is definitely going to be a huge benefit as you can already see. Sounds to me like you have amazing support already!  Please keep us updated!
So sorry this happened. I too have had this affect work and I have also been lucky enough to keep my job. I was way too afraid to tell the truth at the time I had only been at my current job a few weeks when it happened so I lied about my condition. I live with that lie every day and I wish I had been able to tell the truth without suffering FAR worse consequences or losing my job so yes you are very lucky! 
Very similar. My mom also says im allergic to alcohol. That my brain rejects it and i become something different and then after my brain hammers me for doing that to it. Ive relabbeled it as poison and on day 4 i have admitted that im an alcoholic -not because i drank every day but because when i did it would affect me in ways that i could not manage nor could anyone around me. Stay brave. Im with you and its not going to be easy. But to be honest  having a drink is the easy option. We are better than that.
I'm so glad you're back here and 38 hours sober. I'm not drinking with you today! 
