-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zn0lt/its_my_birthday_today_in_exactly_one_month_i_will/

I woke up this morning hangover free (it never gets old) and went to the gym and had a session with my personal trainer. Im 45 years old today I cant believe it. Ive just been reflecting on how today would have panned out if I was still drinking.... There's no way I would have been in the gym working out thats for certain! :)..I want to thank everyone here from the bottom of my heart for helping me through this year sober. I cant count the number of times just reading peoples stories has stopped me from reaching for the bottle. I often read relapse stories and Im so grateful to you brave people for sharing your experiences and they have always put things into perspective for me and given my alcky voice a good clip around the ear!..I love you guys and gals. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday!
Well done!!!!
Isn't it amazing looking back at the year past and feeling damn proud???  Happy birthday!
Like you I also read others posts to draw inspiration and to feel the sense of relating with others who share this common issue. Congrats on your upcoming Dino status thanks for sharing. 
Happy Birthday SW! You picked the perfect decade to get sober from my experience.  Right at that natural generativity versus stagnation period for humans anyways so there is a lot of incentive to do something more with our lives. Like you're doing!!..
Happy birthday my friend. Glad you could spend it sober. 
Happy bday 
#Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!!
Happy birthday! I quit at 40. Seems like a good decade for straightening up. :-) Can't wait to see your Dino status in a month!!
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day!
Happy birthday and congratulations ! 
Happy SOBER Birthday!
Happy Birthday!  You're an inspiration. 
Happy birthday!!
I love this sub.  It always comes with much positive energy and help.  I remember reading posts like this when I was in my first 2 weeks when drinking was about a pint of vodka every 2 days.  I've never made a better decision for my mental health. 
Happy Sober Birthday!!  Love you too stopwining!! You're right it is amazing the power of reading other people's experiences have had such a profound effect on my sobriety!! Hope you had a fantastic day   
happy birthday; hope it's a good one!
