-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zp4ds/im_struggling/

After my fiance last night bringing home whiskey and wine I got through it pretty easily. However today was a harder day and I'm now sitting next to him and he has a glass of neat whiskey. I can smell it and I'm really struggling but I don't want to be a bitch about it :(
----------immediate responses--------

Me?  I'd be a bitch about it.  Early in sobriety standard advice is [Dry People Dry Places](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/?ref=search_posts) so I'd say to him "Hey bub I'm not supposed to be around alcohol so if you want me to sit with you let's lose the booze while I get some traction in this whole sober-biz."  
I don't know how long you've quit but I know it to be a huge problem for me when someone near me drinks especially in the few weeks after I decide to quit. I would talk about it. 
update?
Am I right in assuming that you are trying to stop drinking? Does your fiance know this?..Also in what sense are you using the word "bitch"? Are you trying not to be cruel? If so I applaud your determination to treat your loved ones well. However from context it appears that you may not want to seem weak or fragile. I don't know if you are addicted to alcohol or what but I am and let me tell you that the only times I feel weak are when I relapse. The last way I'd define anyone successfully struggling through an addiction is "weak". Quite the opposite. ..Furthermore I don't think I would hesitate to enlist the help of my partner if I had one. I would never attempt to control anyone else's drinking but especially early on I would hope that a future wife would be amenable to supporting me. This might take the form of assisting me in limiting my own access to alcohol. ..My two cents. Good luck.
I guess for me it's about priorities.   For me right now being sober has to come first.  If I'm not sober then nothing else in my life will work.   So in that situation I'd try to figure out what matters most to me right now and then make decisions based on that.   Even if they're hard.  I did 3 weeks in rehab at the end of last year and because my kids are young I didn't see them the whole time.  It was extremely difficult.   But if I'm not sober then I'm not a good mom and sobriety had to come ahead of seeing them every day.  In the end it was the right choice for me.
When I sobered up I was staying with a friend (I was homeless though not on the streets) that was smoking pot and pot was my drug of choice. I wanted to have a toke so badly but I knew if I couldn't quit it it would lead back to drinking and drinking was going to kill me...So I followed a suggestion that had been given to me - to pray. At that time I had a conception of a God that was loving and caring my own conception. Not a God from the bible but more along the pagan lines. I prayed to have the desire to drink/toke removed. And I used the serenity prayer too. And I kept on repeating those prayers until the desire passed. The desire has not returned in over 18 years...My beliefs have changed and I'm an atheist today. I still find prayer helpful - it's communicating with that deep inner resource inside the part of me that is love my "higher self". So my experience is that prayer can work for a non-believer...Not saying you were experiencing a craving...but if you if you find yourself in a similar situation again and you're fighting a craving I hope my words may help..
