-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zt4zy/im_struggling/

I swear not a single day goes by without thinking about grabbing a drink. It's tough and it's wearing me down. I'm three months sober (four on the 24th) and the only thing that's stopping me is myself. I don't think that's enough to cut it. Most of my friends don't understand and I'm too ashamed to admit it to those closest to me. I'm strong willed but I know I'll crack when things go south.
----------immediate responses--------

Ok.  So what have you done today to stay sober?   Because you seem to have succeeded.
Do you have any sober alcoholics to talk to?  I have found that AA meetings are good to go to when I feel squirrely.
Yeah willpower never worked for me for the long term.  That's an exhausting struggle...What would you consider trying that you haven't tried so far?
You going to meetings? I think the one thing that really helped me was just being around people who know the feeling. Going to AA helped me a lot. I am not one of the super invested people but just seeing the regulars that have been sober for years and years and the new people struggling with what you just went through helps a lot...It is good to have a support network...Either way do whatever it is that you did today tomorrow.
I have to remind myself what happens in the end. Constantly. 
It really helps to talk to other people who are going through what you are. ..If you have not tried it I would try AA to see if it works for you. It is definitely not for everyone.  There are [WAAFT AA meetings](http://www.agnosticaanyc.org/worldwide.html)  for Agnostics Atheists and Freethinkers.  There is also Lifering and SMART. ..Do you have a therapist? Have you been evaluated to see if you have anything else going on?  Do you have a history with depression? Anxiety? Have you experienced any trauma? This should all be looked at. ..You have to change. You have to develop different habits. You have to learn how to think differently. Exercise eating right and maintaining good sleep hygiene helps a lot. Also reading about the recovery. It helps keep you fully immersed in your recovery process. It takes at least a year to start to really get your bearings depending upon what you are dealing with personally.  ..Keep looking here for support ideas and just to vent. You are doing great even if it doesn't feel that way. Pat yourself on the back at the end of every sober day! Congratulations on your progress. You are doing better than many. 
Distraction such as you said happened is what I try to do. Meetings help when there is one/I can get to one. But I don't have a car and during the day when I need it most (caregiver for elderly/ill mother) I will jump on here. I'll google some inane thing and kind of surf off that. Anything to get out of my head. Yesterday had some craving issues but read a lot of SD threads and kept bouncing around online and home here. Probably looked like a maniac but the cravings subsided and actually had a pretty decent evening.
