-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zukdu/bipolar_girl_surrounded_by_raging_alcoholics/

And I'm so frustrated and depressed even more by the fact that I feel like can't talk to an on in "real" life. Meaning face to face and its triggering me so much. .I am only a few days sober after so many relapses and my sister is staying with me since her and her BF broke up. .She is basically a functioning alcoholic and tonight is the first night since she's been staying here that 1. We have both been home at night time together (I work nights she works days) and 2. Her first night drinking and coming home like this. .She is a mean drunk some times and when she's not she's very euphoric. .I don't know why this is triggering me as I see her drinking and it is repulsive to me how belligerent she gets and yet for some reason I know I will relapse again due to anxiety/anger issues and stress. .Any advice or insight on the topic would be amazing. I mostly just felt like I wanted to rant and everyone here is very understanding. .My apologies / thanks in advance 
----------immediate responses--------

Only you can decide if you want that first drink or not. Keep in mind that if you choose that first drink it starts the cycle all over again. I say just let your sister do her. You also do what you wanna do. I understand completely what it is to be on the sober end of the rope while watching the drunk end suck on their saturated part of the rope and wanting to let go of your end to go and join them. You decide. Your life is in your hands 
alcohol is very powerful anti-anxiety agent so you might want to consult your doctor about some change in anxiety meds.     .some i have used help a little bit with cravings too however tranqilizer risk increases because of cross-dependence...good luck!
I am confused are you trying to stop drinking?  
Not my circus not my monkeys
I'd tell your sister that if she wants to stay with you it will have to be a sober living arrangement. That's tough love for both her and yourself. I know how it feels. My boyfriend brought home a beer last night that he's saving for when he gets home from work tonight. It's a Guinness which I don't even like so I'm not tempted to drink it but I need to have a conversation with him about what kind of support I need right now in the early days of my sobriety. Just keep it chill and mellow don't let the conversation get heated.
