-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zxzaq/new_to_sd_sober_for_24_hours_i_have_a_good/

Hello all! I've decided to stop drinking as of this morning. I read about this subreddit on the Washington Post Article today and I figured with the help of stopdrinking it's a better time than ever to give sobriety another go....I read up on the guidelines and read some posts and I really like the sense of community and support here! I went to rehab 2 years ago because my parents gave me an ultimatum and I wanted to continue living with them. Even if I told myself I was doing it for myself when I was in there deep down I knew I was just there to placate my loved ones...I still learned a lot about myself though so it wasn't a total waste....Well now I live by myself I have a job that I really enjoy and life is pretty good! But until today was still drinking a half pint of vodka almost every day I'd swing by the liquor store like clockwork after work was done...Well now I want to quit drinking for my own sake. This might be the first time I've truly felt this way. My life is more stable than ever despite my new independence and continued drinking... But I feel it's only a matter of time before my drinking will get way out of hand and even if it doesn't the amount of alcohol I'm consuming on a regular basis is obviously affecting my health mentally and physically! ..I don't want this anymore alcohol is barely doing anything for me nowadays just lowered inhibitions and grogginess... Fuck that it's downright boring now! I have a good brain and it bothers me that I waste so much time boozing and lazing around when I could be actively improving my mind! ..I love learning researching reading and even did those things frequently when I was drinking but now I truly understand how pointless it is when I fail to remember 3/4 of what I spent so long reading...Most things just 'seemed' more engaging and interesting when I was drunk so I would enjoy reading up on seemingly random topics on a whim. I wish I could always have that spontaneity to learn when I'm sober but the reality is that drinking increases my motivation short term. ..My biggest struggle right now will be to find ways to pique my curiosity my interests without being inebriated. It's a terrible paradox that I enjoy reading and learning more when I'm less able to process and store the information bleh...I also need to constantly remind myself or in AA terms "play the tape forward" every time I feel romantic about those drunken nights. It usually ends up with me crashing earlier than I'd like feeling groggy and dumb waking up tired and feeling unaccomplished. Not the best mood to be in for work I tell you. Fortunately I'm a night drinker and alcohol hasn't gotten me directly in trouble at work since I almost never feel like drinking during the day but like many have described here my "witching hour(s)" are 6pm-12am...Anyways I'm eager to give this a realistic attempt but I know not to be all gung-ho about it because I'm the type who will burn out on commitments quickly if I don't curb my enthusiasm. Still the prospect of sobriety is exciting and I can't wait to see the benefits it will yield! Even though the biggest ones will take over a month...Any advice for a newcomer to this subreddit? Anyone relate to my story? Bear in mind I'm not a newcomer to recovery CBT or 12 step programs. Looking forward to interacting with this community as my new sober self :).
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome! It's funny I thought life would be so boring without drinking. I'm not lying when I say that the idea of drinking seems SO boring to me now. When I'm with my friends I want to be clear-headed and present for the fun watching a movie- I want to follow the plot at a concert- I want my senses to be sharp.....I basically feel like I live life in high def now. You can still be spontaneous still have amazing conversations and read interesting things. I still do those things. Only they're better. And I remember them. 
Welcome Gray if I can't be bothered to read I might go on Youtube and find some Ted Talks and that seems to pique my interests. It also sometimes spurs me to read a book by the speaker.  
I would write down some sort of plan you have for your self. Motivation is good but its meaningless without action to back it up. Write down the things you will do everyday to help  you achieve your goal. Getting rid of negative habits like drinking is hard. It can't be done in a day and requires constant repetition until it becomes the defacto behavior state. Some of the things I had to figure out was what to replace my drinking with in terms of positive activities and habits. Also I had to constantly remind myself of the reason why I am quitting and why alcohol never worked out for me. It's easier to forget the reasons you quit than you think.
Welcome!  You found found an awesome group of people here to help you out.  I'm so glad I did!
