-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zyzce/the_beauty_of_stopping_together_a_note_to_the/

Hello new SD friends and welcome. You are so plentiful and powerful! Did you know that you have the capacity to say just the right thing to someone who is reaching out right from day one?...I started my journey to recovery right here on SD and I can say from personal experience that people in early sobriety can hold each other up through the simple act of relating. It was so impactful when someone else who was struggling just like me reached out - asking for help is an act of strength. Every time I related to someone and commented I deepened my sobriety just a little bit. This is the beauty and the strength of this place people helping people. Don't wait. There is no better time than now to say "Hi. That sounds really hard. I'm having a hard time too."
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Asking for help is an act of strength...I truly wish more people understood this. 
Beautifully said silverbiddy and 100% truth. We hold each other up and those standing shoulder to shoulder in sobriety are that much closer to catch another who may be falling. Thanks for this. :-)
This is wonderful!  You are amazing and I am honored to know you.
I am one of these Newbies you speak of! It def is reassuring to know that I can get on here and see that someone else is eating like a mad woman or emotional over silly little things like "I cant believe its not butter" commercials lol. Seriously though I have spent the last two days (5&amp;6) and it has helped tremendously especially when I can't sleep. I know I can get on here and talk to someone read something or help someone out having a worse day than me. Also seeing all the high number flairs and hearing advice from people who have already been through this is awesome. Thanks &amp; I am coming to love our community of quiters ;)  
 Sometimes reaching out and taking someone's hand is the beginning of a journey...At other times it is allowing another to take yours.  ..  Vera Nazarian The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration
This is great. One of the things I noticed from my first day here is how welcoming everyone is from the newbies to the dinos. I think that authentic sense of community allows everyone to feel like they can contribute. And when I look at some of the comments there is quality content from folks at all different stages of their journey. It's a very unique place and I am so glad to have found it.
I find it very helpful to see others with the same amount of days sober struggling through the same things it makes it less dramatic and advice from the more experienced sobernauts help avoiding silly mistakes along the way and knowing that after all we're all on day one in some way. I've tried many times to get sober on my own but always failed quickly. Now I can be proud to be a true quitter! Thanks SD!
I love your posts and comments biddy. You always have something truly valuable to share. Along the lines of your post I'd like to point out to those that don't know we have a tool [here](http://sd.bot.nu/rSOYCD/) where users can specifically see where others were at certain days in their journey...*I'm on day two and can't forgive myself*. Looks like I'm not alone. ..*I'm three weeks in and I can't stop eating gummy worms!* Check out what others were hooked on to get them through. ..*I've been sober 4 months and I'm losing my zeal for sobriety. Why am I feeling this way?* Huh looks like others had similar experiences. I feel a little more confident now about the process and what I could do about it. ..There are so many hidden gems in the sidebar. The work put in by the mod team and the consistent sharing of users at every stage turns words on a screen into magic. 
Yes this community is amazing! The dreams are pretty intense.. but not drinking today anyway!
Happened to me early this morning (or late last night). I didn't necessarily ask for help but someone replied to a post as I was slowly losing it. Things happen for a reason.  
&gt; ~~Little Debbie Nutty Bars here. Is there a support group for LDNB? I'd be resetting my badge like every 30 min :)~~..Edit: deleted - I'm a fool and can't add a comment correctly
This is the only place on the 'net where I don't feel like I'm shouting off a cliffside. Even on the fucking internet I have always felt like an outsider...I can't tell you how much it's helped and moved me to get responses to posts. I can't tell you but I'd guess many of you already understand.
Amen!
HI I am having a difficult time
