-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/401zpy/super_realistic_relapse_dream/

So last night was a big night. My roommate had friends over and we all watched some movies together. The three of them drank a couple bottles of wine between them. I drank a couple bottles of Perrier. To my surprise I wasn't crazy tempted at the time. At first I was envious of their bubbly cava but then it just dissipated...or so I thought...Afterwards in my dreams I had the most vivid realistic dream of drinking and relapsing. I honestly thought it was actually happening. This is mainly due to it wasn't totally focused on me drinking anything and everything I used to love to get drunk on but a large part of the dream was about me waking up hungover confused ashamed and dealing with the consequences. In my dream I couldn't remember how or why I started drinking just that I was suddenly drunk. When I woke within my dream I was so confused about how it happened and so sad that I would have to come on SD to reset my badge. Yes SDers - you were all in my drunk dream!!! It was terrible...When I actually woke up this morning I felt so confused. I didn't know if my dream was real or not for longer than I would have liked. I'm still shaken up by it and feel very weird. I was panicking. It was awful. It was some Inception-level dreaming alas without Tom Hardy :(..Luckily it was a dream and today I could post my pledge NOT to drink and get one step closer to a week sober for the first time in years. I have been reading that this is normal but this is my first full-blown scary drinking/relapse dream. And holy crap was it terrifying. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man. Drinking dreams are crazy. I have them occasionally and am like "wtf brain ? Why would you make that stupid decision????"..They do feel so realistic though. But they're not...I like to give myself a "treat" on mornings after I've had one- I go for the sugary breakfast rather than the healthy one. It's a reminder that I am nice to myself these days and don't need to worry about sugar intake now that I don't drown myself in alcohol. It's just a little affirmation to myself that I'm doing the right things. 
I haaaate those dreams but the relief I feel once I realize they weren't real...it's wonderful and honestly it makes me feel a bit proud of myself because in real life I'm still making the daily pledge and doin' the damn thing you know?
I've actually experienced the "breaking sobriety" dreams before.  To me it just informs me the feelings of dread self-loathing guilt and depression I'd experience if breaking my decision to go sober.  Last drunk dream I woke up in horror and took me about 10 minutes to realize it didn't happen.
I had a drink dream last night too (my first one). Man it was definitely very realistic and very scary especially waking up afterwards not being able to orient myself about whether it was real or not. ..The relief I felt as soon as I realized it wasn't real was immense and overwhelming. Really helps me today in not wanting to drink at least!..Well hopefully our next inception-esque dreams will include Tom Hardy. Or maybe at least DiCaprio. One can only hope right? 
I read in the sidebar this kind of thing is pretty common. I haven't had a proper relapse dream but after I read someone post that they inadvertently had a drink after the wife mixed up spiked and nonalcoholic eggnog I had a dream about that exact thing. Now I first sniff then cautiously swish everything brought to me before swallowing. I'm sure it looks a little odd but it's better than the dreadful feeling I had in the dream!
