-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4024d9/one_week_changes_ive_noticed_thus_far/

SO I made it to one week. I never admitted to myself how challenging it would be to say no to all of my escapes from reality [pot booze rx]. I was truly in denial that I would have a struggle with it. ...Thankfully I finally feel done with alcohol. I'd resort to "quitting" before [a few days tops] but felt anxious as if I'd be missing out on something. That's not the case anymore and for that I am so grateful. ...Here are some changes I've noticed in my life so far... ...I have a normal healthy appetite again. I don't overeat anymore but eating is much more satisfying now that my body is starting to align itself again. ...While I thought alcohol had been lowering my blood sugar [type 1 diabetic] it turns out it was making my sugars higher on a daily basis. Ever since I stopped binging on booze and food in the evening my blood sugars almost instantly dropped down to normal levels. Still trying to figure out how to best manage the lows but I'm definitely anticipating weight loss here. And that's pretty cool. :) ...I've been alert enough to work longer hours. I'm self employed so this is a great thing. I'm not rushing to get off the computer by 6PM to go start drinking or even grabbing a drink while I worked [which never lasted very long]. ...I'm sleeping normal hours and having some twisted bizarre dreams but feeling actually refreshed rather than zombie-like in the morning. I have chronic pain in my shoulders and arms - I believe it's Thoracic Outlet Syndrome - so waking up is always a drag. I'm still in pain but my mind is right in the morning and I'm happy for that. ...I never thought of myself as an emotional drinker but as the week progressed some unpleasant thoughts started surfacing again - things I thought I wasn't bothered by - and I got emotional. More emotional than I've been in months. Probably my hardest night. But now that I know I am having emotional turmoil deep down I am even more motivated to stay sober and figure out how to sort this. ...Lastly and probably my favorite is I'm actually beginning to enjoy the things I used to love again. The things I thought made me "me". I had completely lost interest in gaming and doing personal art because my dopamine fix was easier achieved with chemicals. Being interested in things outside of being zonked out and stimulating my brain has been awesome. So is remembering the day of the week. x) ...I have not told my drinking friends about my quitting yet. They weren't good for my recovery in the past as they always convinced me I don't have a problem. And I believed them. I think after the first month I can talk to them about it and gauge their feelings on it. Treading lightly for now. ...The hardest part of quitting so far has been my chronic pain. It is so frustrating. I've been doing physical therapy for 6 months and finally felt an improvement. Then rain came in and did not leave for 3 days - good for the drought BAD for my body. Holy crap. It really makes such a difference. So it was tough not to get a buzz going on to distract myself and relax my body. But I made it. ...It's made a world of difference making my daily pledges and knowing so many strong individuals are here rooting for each other. Thank you all! ...TL;DR: So many facets of my life are improving but reality is coming on strong. I made it to a week and I won't let my emotions beat me this time. Thank you all for the support you've shown! 
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic!
Thanks for your post I get so inspired hearing about the positive changes people experience when they quit drinking! Congrats on your week! 
[deleted]
Great work!! Congratulations on one week!!
I really love reading your post. Such great changes. Great work :)
This is a wonderful post! And congratulations.
