-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/402bgm/blindsided_or_how_to_lose_the_most_important/

Hi.  .I used to observe and occasionally post here but have been absent for a while. I didn't ever fool myself into thinking I was not going to have to worry about my sobriety anymore but I needed a break from the recovery circles. The thing I love about support groups is the good ones always welcome you back...I'm not coming here to say that I relapsed but that I've been very challenged the last few months and have had to reach for some of the tools I acquired my first few weeks and months in the rooms..  .In November my brother best-friend and fellow sober-guy (he had about 7 months in at the time) died. He was a young man (just 3 years older than me we're both in our 30s) and after not hearing from him I got worried. I was right to be worried. He was dead on his bed when I found him (important note it was not from booze/drugs or self-harm). I won't go on and on but the point is it was devastating. My partner in crime for pretty much everything is gone forever. ..I must admit I came very close to using again. I didn't have a plan for this. All I wanted to do was not feel what I was feeling and not think what I was thinking. Seems like a job for alcohol right?.    .But then I remembered. I remembered what the morning after feels like. I remembered what the guilt shame and deception feels like. And I remembered what a god-damned SHITTY way to honor my departed friend (who was super happy about his sobriety) than to drink my face off..   .So I'm not out of the woods. There is a lot of pain ahead. I'm told by friends that in time with proper grieving the pain will slowly be replaced by happier memories. But for now I think about what I'm grateful for..  .I'm grateful my brother's last 1/2 year with us was sober. He was happy excited about life and looking great. I'm so glad his death wasn't at the hands of alcohol. I'm glad our last memories of him are of some of the happiest of his life..  .I'm glad my journey to sobriety that began in 2013 helped prepare me for this. Accepting certain things are outside my control (really and fundamentally accepting it) being grateful for what I do have learning to be honest and seek help all helped me deal with this terrible loss..  .I'm glad his death has helped me look at life in a more meaningful way. I'm glad I see alcohol as a silly endeavor but I'm also glad I'm able to respect other people's choices..    .I'm grateful I haven't had a drink..  .So I guess I just needed to share but I hope I can inspire at least one person who's thinking of giving up sobriety to give a second thought. I thought about it I wanted to numb myself but I looked at what I was grateful for played the tape through thought about all the people I would disappoint thought about how crappy I'd feel in the morning thought about how sneaky I'd feel going to the liquor store hoping I don't see anyone I know and finally about how it WOULDN'T EVEN MAKE ME FEEL BETTER!.  .Peace and prosperity...  ...  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for your loss. This is such an inspiring and powerful post.  I'm so glad you are back.  
Welcome back my friend.  My sincere condolences on the death of your friend.
I am so sorry for your loss.  Sending you big hugs.  No one wants to put that scenario in their toolbox.  I know the thought of something like that scares the shit out of me.  Thank you for sharing this.
I am so sorry about the loss of your brother. This post brought me to tears and reminded me that no matter what life brings me I can choose not to drink. What a memorable way to acknowledge your brother spreading the gifts to sobriety to newcomers.
