-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/402iss/crazy_thoughts_of_drinking_today_even_after_daily/

Hey SD so I woke us this morning already anticipating my check-in because I have a social event I need to attend today. I do not want to drink trust me... but it doesn't stop the thoughts. I thought to myself... "I already checked in but if I have one drink I don't have to tell them. It will really help me relax at the company lunch." I caught myself and decided to post here. In the past while in AA I never reached out to people when I had feelings of drinking. I would usually just relapse. And the reason I didn't reach out is because I felt like those people didn't really care and I didn't want to bother them. Here I feel comfortable posting because it's your choice to read and respond to my rambling post. I am grateful to have this outlet SD. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank *you* for coming here and posting instead of keeping it inside.  You are not a bother and people here care.  I always admire people who come here and ask for support *before* taking that first drink because I have failed to do that many times and....that's why my badge has been reset yet again.  There have been a few times I did the daily check-in in the morning and fully intended to not drink that day but by the time evening rolled around I chose poorly.  And no I didn't have to tell SD but...I felt (and still feel) really guilty about the times I did that.  So much so at the time that I would just stop posting.  I'd still read but would just berate myself for not keeping my word for ONE DAY.  So what I'm trying to say is good job coming here first! :)..Do you have to go to the company lunch?  If you have to go is there a non-drinker you can kind of pair up with?  Can you make an "escape plan" beforehand if it gets to be too much and you need to leave before it's over?  Can you bring your cell phone with you and maybe sneak off somewhere and post here if you need some support?  You can get through this irmbot! :)
[deleted]
Good on you for posting this. I feel kind of the same about SD these kind people are choosing to read my posts and reply and it's keeping me accountable. I think they really care...I'm rooting for you today! I hope the lunch goes well.
Follow the advice you gave to u/5inner5saint an hour ago:..&gt;hang in there! I have a company lunch today too and I need to avoid the open bar. We got this!..Eleven Days is hard to get back.  You don't want to blow it!
Hey irmbot thanks for posting. Glad you checked in here after noticing what was going on. Battling the thoughts once they begin is the biggest struggle in my case. I don't feel I have the tools yet to manage them and despite losing to them again and again and again the "better me" within always tries again. Obviously your better self if you can forgive the term is trying to look out for you. I don't yet know how to always follow that voice when the cravings are so much louder and stronger but I'm right here with you. Let's make it through another day.
Posting and reaching out for support - what a great way to protect your sobriety. You have my support as I'm as well not drinking today! 
[removed]
The gratitude goes both ways. There have been days when I've had cravings that I've nipped in the bud by reading the posts on StopDrinking. I am frequently motivated and inspired by users of this site that decide to share their stories and even though I don't like to post very often just reading this site has been a huge help to me on my Journey. Thanks to everyone who clicks  Submit 
I am so glad that you posted! Your post helps my sobriety. Boy can I relate to the crazy thoughts. With more and more times sober plus recovery work like counseling I found myself better able to cope with these thoughts. But I still have to remain vigilant as they can creep in. I hadn't had an urge to drink in months and over the holidays I was playing board games at a friends house in the basement which had a bar and tons of booze. I had a lot of anxiety and was pretty cranky. It wasn't until I came home that I realized my alcohol monster in my brain was wreaking havoc on me.
I have in the past drank in "secret" and not told anyone (until they found out) but it really impacts my sense of self and how I feel participating in AA and other places. I've found that the truth is easier. While I can take a drink and "get away with it" that only lasts for a little while and eventually my drinking gets out of control and everyone finds out anyway. Good luck tonight- I will be not drinking with you today. 
I've had that same thought -- I have dinner + party tomorrow I know I will be challenged. I plan on keeping SD handy for that. Good on you for coming here for help.
