-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/403p60/getting_honest_is_so_hard_and_so_worth_it/

Ooof. So much has happened in the past two weeks that I don't know how to condense it into a post without turning it into a wall of text. So apologies in advance for my long winded ramblings. ..I have not been honest for a long time now. I relapsed in October and have been drinking nearly daily since then. I've also been trying to quit nearly daily since then getting a couple days then drinking again. I was still attending meetings 5-6 times a week still talking to my sponsor still REALLY wanting sobriety just everything I said and did was a lie. ..It was a really awful place to be- so much guilt and pain and shame and self loathing. And I was so afraid to admit that I was weak that I had made the stupid wrong choices and relapsed that I convinced myself that since I still REALLY wanted sobriety I could just restart my day count on my own and not have to let down others and myself. ..EXCEPT the last Tuesday of December I was supposed to celebrate 90 days with my home group. I freaking love and respect the people at my home group a whole bunch. I couldn't stand up there and lie like that- that would really make me my mother who will celebrate five years this year despite being hammered at Christmas. The weeks leading up to it I just laid awake and agonized. I knew I couldn't celebrate but also couldn't imagine telling all these people I cared about how awful I am that I'd been lying to their faces. I was so paralyzed. ..Instead of celebrating I wound up breaking down and sobbing and coming clean. I was met with nothing but support. It was one of the hardest and most worth it things I've done in my recovery so far. ..I had a wonderful sponsor but would send her a text or two a day. Now I'm calling her for help getting through difficult situations multiple times a day! I was sharing at meetings but only focused on the good. Now that I'm sharing honestly from my heart I leave meetings feeling lighter than ever before. ..And the biggest and hardest part of it all was telling my dad how desperate I am. Besides drinking 12-18 drinks a day and not being able to stop I'm struggling with the worst depressive episode of my life and it feels like a daily struggle not to kill myself. I won't- I can't put the burden of my pain on my sister-but I fucking hate the fact that I can't and every day struggle with the most basic parts of being alive (like even eating a single meal a day). ..So I got honest with my dad (whose business I also manage) and I can't even believe how incredibly supportive he has been. He's bent over backwards today learning what he needs to learn about the business so I can go to a detox + inpatient. I'm so floored. He's never been there for me in the past (though he's a very different man now than when I was growing up) and when I talked to him I was sure that he wouldn't understand and that I would have to quit my job and go to inpatient anyway. Ugh. I've felt so isolated and so alone in the world for so long that I never even realized the support that I do have. ..Annnnnd this has definitely turned into the long wall of text I was trying to avoid! I'll try to wrap it up :) Basically I'm just so happy that I finally got over my HUGE resistance to admitting that I'm kinda broken in a bunch of different ways that my way wasn't working and that I really needed help. I think they call it surrendering ;) The past few days have been so emotional/painful but this is the first time that I really feel like I'm going to be able to make it and having that feeling is the biggest relief there is. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!!!!  I've had to come clean to my home group and the love and acceptance I received was amazing.  I'm so proud of you!  Please updated when you come home from detox/rehab. I wish you sobriety!!!
Welcome back my friend...May the bluebird of honesty keep singing in your ear...It will get better...
Congrats on coming clean. It sounds terrifying but that is amazing that you had everyone there to catch you as you thought you were going to fall. I had a wall of text post earlier. It feels good to get it out of your system I felt bad in mine too for writing so much. No one complained though and surprisingly people read it and commented on it which I didn't think would happen due to the sheer amount of my ramblings...High Five!.
For me my honesty is the bedrock of my sobriety. It still isn't 100% not even close! but it's something I work on constantly. Honesty with myself is the issue and to a lesser degree the easy lies that I've always used to grease the wheels of every day life. My self worth is one cause and this is growing each time I sit myself down and really push deep to explain behaviour motivation and fears. It's hard but tangibly worth it. Good luck in rehab you're properly on the road now :)
I am so glad that you're embracing honesty and working towards health and freedom. It's so fucking scary but it's so fucking worth it. 
