-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/405f2c/the_movie_burnt_really_glamorizes_alcoholism/

So just watched "Burnt" starring Bradley Cooper. ..It follows the post recovery story of a chef who "thew it all away" for drugs and alcohol. He's sober now a total dick head and despite screwing many people over is treated with acceptance and respect. ..He has a bad relapse at one point and is "cared for" by his worst enemy the next day. Everyone treats him with extra respect and courtesy because of his troubled past. (If only reality were like this)..The whole film gives the impression that no matter how much of a drunken asshole you are as long as you act cool and self confident then others will lift you up and respect you. Everybody goes out of their way for the now sober main character. ..The worst part of the whole movie is that the main character is showed to rebuild his life with such ease now that he is sober... There is no real struggle at all which is so incredibly far from reality. ..The film makes it seem like being an alcoholic was the hard part and that as soon as he got sober life  became easy and everything fell into place... I don't know about you but my experience has been opposite. Being sober is much more of a struggle than drinking ever was (but also much more rewarding)..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the review ; definitely not going to watch it . 
Reminds me of this line from the show Hamilton. George Washington tells a very stubborn and fighting-obsessed Alexander Hamilton that "Dying is easy young man living is harder."..Sobriety cleared the fog off of the windows and let me see all of the carnage I'd avoided dealing with. Suddenly as a sober person I had to deal with all of the problems I created while drunk and the problems that just existed in my life but that I ignored or salved with a glass of wine...But yes in the long run much more rewarding. I wonder if that was what the film hoped to show but in condensing the story into a movie-length run-time it lost the depth of struggle. Who knows? I don't think I'll spend my pennies on that one. Thanks for the review.
And strangely Bradley Cooper is sober and outspoken about it. 
