-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/407g14/relapsing/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing changes if nothing changes. What tangible actions are you going to take to ensure continuous sobriety?
Welcome!  What do you think you will do differently this time when down the road the pain of drinking is fading in your memory?
Welcome back! Your story reminds me whey it's so important that I do not take the first drink I know where my slope would lead.
I may decide to go out in a haze of liquor when I'm in my 90's but for now I'm gonna pledge to not drink today because I now know I don't want just a couple of drinks at a time I want all of them. If I fall off someday I'll hopefully still have a support community like this one to help me get back on track. Glad to have you back
Hey I remember you!  I still love your username and I am glad you made it back!
Welcome back. Think of how much easier the next seven months will be- you've already done it once!
Sometimes its a trial and error process. Anytime I think "hey drinking might be fun" I play the tape forward and honestly and remember why I don't drink...Hope you are here for a long time!
Welcome back ehmaleh! I remember the name. If you've done seven months it means you can do it again. I admire your honesty and I'm so glad you're here. :)
Congratulations to be in on the right track. Some people need to road test I did myself. I ultimately ended up in the same place. I have to remind myself of what happens in the end have some sort of support system stay productive and smoke hella cigarettes. 
Welcome back indeed! It's a new day!
Welcome back! I can relate to having some time (2.5 years) and then starting again (for 1.5 years). Now I'm one week sober. I don't regret going out back out. I had a lot of fun times. But then I came to the realization that I was wasting a lot of time money energy and potential; that drinking was no longer adding value to my life. If you can relate to that then I hope you stick around :)
My relapses solidified that I was an alcoholic. Thus leading me to long term sobriety.
[removed]
Welcome back!
I am 8 days sober myself after about a year off the wagon.  I was told that relapse is a part of recovery and I think that I needed to try and prove to myself that I could drink again....I couldn't.  New year new you right?  Here I am again and I'm feeling strong.  I'm not going to attend meetings so I am glad that this resource is around to help me know I'm not going it alone.  High Fives to everyone!
You made the decision a lot faster than me.  I had almost 10 years of sobriety and it's taken me five since then to admit I never should have taken that first sip down the slippery slope...But we're both back.  That's the good news.  And I want to believe I'm a whole lot more honest with myself this time around.
Thanks so much for posting! It helps to have examples of what could happen when we start drinking again. I have been sober for 8 months and I'm new here. When I started out I quit to try and 'reset' my drinking and cut down on my nightly 1/2 to 3/4 a wine bottle habit. I know now that it's probably impossible to go back to normal drinking but that doesn't keep my addiction from trying to convince me that I can. Great job coming back and getting another Day One not everyone makes it.
