-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/407m0h/saturday_share_so_as_not_to_forget/

I sit on 45 days now and it is glorious. But I also feel a transition in myself so slow that the line(s) I'm crossing are blurred and I need to put down who I was so as not to ever forget or let my guard down.    ..Setting the stage: I was raised in a family that was incredibly cold. Not abusive just distant. My level of empathy was stunted and I had no natural inclinations for small talk compliments or being "socially adjusted." Hugs were an invasion of my personal space. Had my share of insecurities that represented as an angry arrogant asshole of a teen/young adult. Very introverted and never had groups of friends.     ..Met first serious girlfriend dated 3 years then broke up. Issue? I was an unhappy grump that made people uncomfortable and refused to change my situation or outlook. True. After breakup I made the conscious decision to NOT be an asshole. I needed to integrate. Part of this process wasd going to a bar to force myself to socialize. Learn smalltalk. Joke and let things go. I loved it and I did grow as a person.    ..My hole-in-the-wall was a craft brew pub that didn't sell liquor so college kids stayed away. It was an awesome feeling to feel like a peer to middle aged white collar professionals. I was respected on the pool table and dart board. I had fun. I enjoyed beers. I was "mature." The drinking and hanging out bled into home. It was fun at a bar why not at home especially when I didn't have to moderate due to driving right? Became an occasional binger.    ..In a few years I met the woman who would become my wife at this bar. We dated. Moved in together. Married. I could no longer go out to the bar. I had fun but that's all right cuz I can still drink at home right? She is not really a drinker. She didn't want me drinking. That's all right cuz I can drink when we have a house party and dinner party I can really go overboard right? She didn't appreciate that burden of being my personal DD. Well that's ok because I can drink *some* at a dinner party then go overboard at home when she's asleep right? Right.      ..We had our first child. I took first shift (late night feedings diaper changes) she took second. So from 9:30p to roughly 2a or 3a I was in front of a computer more often than not drinking alone. We had our second child. Same routine. 10 years of drinking alone was wrecking havoc on appearance. I was able to cut back to just occasional binges. Started exercising and everything's normal. I'm happy go lucky I joke I look and feel great. I wait for next opportunities to drink alone.    ..This past year life threw me a series of horrible stressors. Moving spousal relationship troubles work troubles. **I had set all the wrong conditions for myself** I wanted to numb. Started drinking when wife was awake. I was blacking out. Passing out. I went from a 6 pack or craft ales to straight liquor. Then no mixers and straight pulling from bottle. Downward spiral drinking everyday. Looked felt smelled like shit. Wife's dislike for my drinking turned to resentment. All the previous stressors were being made worse (underline that) - being made worse. Wife is talking divorce. Kids think I'm persistently "sick." I need to pull out of a tailspin. Start lurking SD. Still drinking. Go a few days a week relapse and lose it for a few days or a week. Very stop and go with the false starts.     ..Had late night sober reflective moments that I will lose my family job and self. I need to stop. Got a therapist. I now hit the pledge daily. I participate in SD. I haven't had a drink in a month and a half and feel great. Looking back on the last 15 years of drinking I had some fun times...but honestly alcohol was not necessary for that. At a young age I was able to consciously make a decision and completely do a 180 on my personality to be a cool groovy dude who people enjoyed being around. Now I am making a different 180 to be the cool groovy dude who doesn't drink. I didn't quit. I'm not drinking anymore. I just don't drink. Job better. Relationship better. There's a world of great opportunity to seize and I'm going after a big 'ol bear hug.   ..To all the...      .- Dinos thank you for leaving a very well tread path and proving it's not impossible.     .- Newly sober thank you for the support sharing relating and hand holding I needed.       .- First week white knucklers GOOD FOR YOU hang in there it gets soooo much better.      .- Lurkers There is never a good time to stop drinking but there is always a right time.    ..I am an alcoholic. But I don't *have* to relapse and I toast all of you on this journey with me. We can definitely do this. Thanks and have a great Saturday sobernauts.
----------immediate responses--------

Great share /u/OspreySoaring. Thanks!
Awesome stuff! Goose bumps. Strikes a chord. I feel very very fortunate to have gained traction over the last month or so. I'm going to hold memories of my cringe-worthy behavior close should I ever start thinking I could be a moderate drinker. Thanks for the inspiration on this fine sober saturday.
Thanks so much for sharing this...I relate to why you started drinking; I had crippling social anxiety due to a lot of childhood issues and once I started drinking with friends in high school and college I thought this was just what I thought everyone did. I didn't understand why I had problems with it when other friends didn't seem to. I've been lurking a long time and I've been needing to stop this madness for an even longer time but I feel like this has to be it. This past year has scared the shit out of me. So now I am a first week white knuckler and I've already had one relapse night that made things even worse and reminded me of all the reasons I can't do this anymore. Day two here we go. 
Thank you so much for sharing your story. It's very inspiring to this newbie.
You just brought tears to my eyes. Hugs to you!
This.
Felt myself filling up well done 45 days and going strong.
Good for you! Glad things are looking up
Amazing story man.  Congratulations!  I'm in the just discovered SD phase.  After reading for 3 days my beer count has been cut in half.  Normally at this time I'd be getting blitzed.  I didn't so far tonight.  Something is changing.  I'm not 100% yet but yeah something is changing for the better I think.
Thanks for the share related to much of it. Especially liked the reminder to remember why we came here and started that badge.
I'm a first week white knuckler currently watching my husband and his best friend drink my favorite drink.  It's not as hard as I expected but I'm on reddit reading this sub so it's not as easy as it could be.  Thank you for this post.  It helps. 
Thanks Osprey.
Thanks for sharing your journey.
Thanks so much for sharing! Inspiring post. You've done so well for yourself and I'm super proud of you.
Wow what a long way you have come in such a short space of time it's a real testament to your strength and commitment - congratulations. ..&gt; I sit on 45 days now and it is glorious. But I also feel a transition in myself so slow that the line(s) I'm crossing are blurred and I need to put down who I was so as not to ever forget or let my guard down...I also feel this way. Perhaps I will do the same next Saturday so that I can remind myself what I have left behind. 
Osprey - I have really enjoyed your posts including this heartfelt one. you're an inspiration. thank you for all the encouragement and support so far. I look forward to continuing this journey with you!
