-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40bmdj/sunday_afternoon_bad_weather_home_alone_big/

I really wanted to spend the afternoon in the couch reading books while drinking a bottle of wine... But this morning I told myself I wasn't going to drink. So I came to SD and read the posts of the day. I wrote in my journal. I fought the AV telling myself that this scenario (couch books wine) was just an idealization. That things would get out of control and I would drink way more than planned and wake up with a hangover. After the relapse I would probably drink every day of the week (and have horrible hungover days at work) and who knows when I would stop again. I told myself that if I say no today next week will be easier and in a few months I will barely remember that I want a drink. ..This is hard and I feel alone and depressed. But this is the way to make a better life and love myself again.../r/stopdrinking has been my biggest source of support. Thank you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

I have to play the scene forward too. I romanticize drinking my wine and having such a wonderful time. I really only feel good for about 30 min and then it's a blur eventual black out and horrible hangovers. Every. Single. Time. I will not drink with you today!
My second week has progressively been better than my first week. My trigger this week was Friday night as that was my big drinking night - why I required one of those is beyond me as I drank every night and would easily turn a Tuesday night into a 'big night'. ..I thought I was so 'moral' as I would never have a day off from work because of my drinking what I would do is drag myself to work looking like shit; to this day my colleagues believe I have awful insomnia ( nope just awful alcoholism ) and not work until lunchtime as I was simply trying  not throw up at my desk and be short tempered the whole day! ..I too played the tape forward and spent my Friday with my family doing some oil painting and going for an evening walk. Sitting down with a book and alcohol isn't glamorous for an alcoholic just like my Friday nights  were never glamorous but awful. You deserve a plesant Sunday alcohol free and a productive Monday. I will also not drink in support of you - we can do this! 
For me it's the storyteller in my head. He wants me down and out. By playing the tape out I know he's a lying SOB. I just have to shut him up by distracting myself. 
I'm not drinking today right along with you. For me breaking habits included doing a lot of things differently i.e. calling friends if i was home feeling lonely or not visiting certain places that I associated with drinking. Changing routines for myself helped me reinforce other changes. Congratulations on choosing a healthy day for yourself!
Around a year ago I made a journal entry that sounded like you do today. I came here regularly and stuck with it. My life is not perfect but it is so much better unimaginably better than I would have anticipated. I hope you feel better very soon.
I want to be on the beach in the Gulf of Mexico without a care but freakin' winter is finally happening in Cleveland today so I'm going to live life on life's terms.  So how about an AA meeting?  I might do just that.
Hang on in i've found it does get easier.
Same boat. I'm sitting at home with tea and fresh mint though. All the ceremony of mixing a drink none of the pass-out-on-the-floor blackouts.
So glad you came on here I've relapsed a few times and did the exact same thing as you've described drinking myself into the following week. ..I did it every time. ..Recognising this pattern of behaviour in myself has been crucial...Glad you caught yourself. I know we are miles apart but we are here for you x....
I know the feeling. Imho it's just that you have linked afternoon/sunday/relaxing with wine/alcohol. Try making a few cups of tea and convince yourself that it's just a habit that you want a wine. Try to get your attention off the drink and try to relax...You'll have to "re-learn" that Sunday feeling. I had the same...
[deleted]
I used to love the idea of having a few lazy drinks on Sunday afternoons. Especially rainy ones like today. But I'd always drink more than I intended and then feel horrible on Monday morning. Even a couple of drinks ruins the relaxing feeling of a rainy Sunday. I don't miss waking up at 3-4 am feeling anxious and then not being able to get back to sleep. I don't miss dragging myself through a horrible work day hung over and tired...I still love rainy Sundays but now it's without alcohol. You will be grateful tonight and tomorrow morning if you skip drinking this afternoon. Make some tea relax and read with a clear mind. I'll be sober with you.
Netflix it up baby! I used to feel bad for all the binge watching but why? I feel like as long as I'm not eating terribly and getting some form of exercise some entertainment that you only pay about $9 a month ain't so bad. ..Edit: if you are in Canada/Europe you can use a VPN plugin to access the American content. 
