-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40bnpv/the_weather/

this will be my 7th day sober.  While it is getting better I still can't help but feel lost.  I spent so much time deflecting hiding and running that I'm struggling to find my way back.  I spent so long trying so hard not to think about myself now that it's what I really have to do I don't know how.  The weather outside finally matches my mood.  Cold.  Lonely.  Snowing.  It hurts me to sit here with my daughter and see the happiness hope and potential in her eyes and know that I wasted so much of mine.  I know I have to keep moving forward but it's harder now that I have accepted what I've done and have this extra weight to carry.  I have hope that I can be strong and stay vigilant during this journey and that it will be enough to have my life fall back into place.  I can get through this learn from this not repeat my mistakes and be a wonderful father but I can't be sure it will be enough to bring my family back together.  I know I have to change me before any good can come of this.  That is why I'm not going to drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Some of my friends back home in UK are currently posting snow pictures with their kids they are creating wonderful memories for the future right now. If I had chance I would be out there with them building a snowman I don't know how old your daughter is but maybe she would too :) I will join you not drinking  hot chocolate sounds nice.
congratulations on 7 days! that is huge..
&gt;I can't be sure it will be enough to bring my family back together..This is a somber and intense realization. 
Me?  I'd be in an AA meeting.
It's hard to accept i am trying to change again by staying sober but it's better than me not trying at all i'am 50 could live until i'am 100 so my lads got another decent 50 years with me yet.
Your daughter will understand and thank you later fir holding on to the good and not drinking.  They say you can't stop drinking for other people and I know some part of that is true but that bright shiny little being will flourish with a mom who doesn't disappear into the bottle. For now be kind to yourself and take it day by day. When the days turn to years it is a well earned miracle
