-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40bz95/29_days_sober_1st_post_my_experience/

Hi everyone!  I've been lurking on SD for a while and decided to post my experience so far.  Some of the threads that have helped me the most detail the progress users have made and the positive changes they saw so that will be the subject of my post...First a little background.  Male 40 years old 20 years of abusing alcohol last bender was 6 months of daily abuse (50 to 60 units a week.)..During my last binge I knew I was destroying myself and wanted to quit but could not break out of the cycle.  Day after day I would drink and hate myself for it.  One day I woke up and knew it was the day to stop.  There was no bargaining no internal discussion no excuses - it was time.  I'm not sure why or how this change occurred but I am grateful that it did.  I visited SD often and it made a huge difference to know that I wasn't alone...Sleep:  The first 3 or 4 days I experienced a bit of insomnia and night sweats but other than that I did not have withdrawal symptoms I was lucky.  By the end of the first week I was sleeping all through the night where as before when I was drinking I would wake up in the middle of the night and take a few more drinks until I passed out again.  My sleep quality continued to improve but I felt very groggy and almost hungover when I woke up I still feel this way but it seems to be getting better over time...Digestive system:  This may be TMI so I won't go into detail but my bowel movements improved significantly by the end of the first week.  I am now a "normal" person in this aspect and it is a BIG plus...Blood Pressure:  During my drinking phase I would measure my BP while sober and it was consistently over 150/90.  By the second week of abstaining it had dropped to 120/72.  Big Win!..Anxiety and Depression:  This is hard to admit but I started thinking about suicide a lot when I was drinking and this scared me.  I have problems dealing with stress in general but the crushing anxiety that came along with alcohol abuse and hangovers pushed me into a very bad place.  By Day 4 or so the anxiety and depression started to subside.  I began to feel better each day in an almost linear progression with an occasional bad day thrown in.  I still have a lot of work to do in terms of managing stress but I am better prepared to deal with it now...Appearance:  Believe it or not I was very active while I drank running an average of 30 miles a week.  I lied to myself and said I couldn't have a drinking problem and still be as active as I was.  Yet I had high blood pressure even though I was lean and fit.  And yes there is a difference between being fit and being healthy.  I didn't notice any difference in my appearance because the change was so gradual.  In the past week I have had compliments from several clients about my skin.  They asked what I was doing differently and said I was "glowing" and looking very healthy.  I'm not a vain man but it still felt good to hear this.  The whites of my eyes are starting to whiten up (this was a big concern of mine) it took 4 weeks to get to this point.  ..General mental outlook:  After the first week I noticed that everything seemed brighter more detailed and more beautiful... yet I was ambivalent about this detached I did not really care.  It was as if I was looking at this positive change through another person's eyes.  I believe this is called depersonalization.  This slowly subsided and by week three I was starting to feel more in touch with myself...Sorry for rambling.  I hope this post helps out members who are early into the journey and maybe even some of the more experienced members.  ..I expect this to actually get harder for me as month two is when I relapsed last time.  I am ready for the challenge because Sober life is SO much BETTER and worth the struggle.  Please join me in not having a drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing and congrats on your 1st month. I've had a similar experience  as you so far regarding the evolution and the withdrawals. I'm amazed you were able to run 30 miles a week while drinking not sure if I could do (or want) that in a month without drinking lol. I can understand the fear of relapsing on month 2 as getting a joyful high of being sober is my biggest trigger.
Awesome. I am wondering how you are planning to get through the two month period as you mentioned you relapsed at two months before.
Thanks for posting - I love reading about the physical and mental improvements after one stops drinking.  I've tried to quit before and like you something is clicking this time.  I always knew alcohol wasn't good for me but when it became clear that it was destroying my health it suddenly became easier to eliminate from my life.  I need to make sure I never forget how crappy I felt at my worst.
Right on...I'll join you.  Day 5 here.
[deleted]
I really appreciate this. I'm a week in and not feeling too hot. Poor sleep waking up feeling "hungover" depersonalized. I needed to hear it gets better.
