-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40c6li/became_a_functioning_alcoholic_on_my_21st_birthday/

Never had a sip before that day and the only person who taught me how to drink was my dad. I killed a half a handle of whiskey my first time drinking which set the bar pretty damn high for what drunk means to me. Drank heavily almost daily since then and im almost 24 now. When i was working at a pizza place that shared a wall with the cheapest liquor store in town i would get tipped out and buy a handle or 12 pack every other night. I was drinking a handle every 2 days.....Im currently at 0 days despite telling myself every morning that im quitting. I even turned down my shift beer last night but then went out and bought 4 32oz high lifes (3 is my typical night but they were on sale so i bought 4)...About 3 months ago i started working out and despite being hungover for most of my workouts ive been making serious gains but im having a really hard time losing fat due to my excessive drinking. This time last year i was 250ish (5'8) and i dropped down to about 210 before i started working out just from not eating (liquid diet for a while) and working all the time. Since working out ive gotten my nutrition on track aside from the drinking but i cant drop below 195. Alcohol also kills your bodies ability to process protien so when i drink after a workout my body doesnt get a chance to recover properly and im hurting my gains. The few nights ive managed to not drink after a workout i wake up feeling almost no soreness but if i do drink my body is in hell all day...I want to quit but i work with a bunch of alcoholics where drinking is a very common topic of conversation and we get shift beers almost every day. Working in a resturaunt being exposed to alcohol is unavoidable hell its even in a few of my recipes. Ive even been considering finding a new career to get away from the temptation. I work at the best resturaunt in town so going to another resturaunt with a stricter employee drinking policy would be a step backwards...I know all of the benefits of quitting and i honestly dont even enjoy it that much anymore but i always find myself with a beer in my hand. With some form of rationalization. Heres a few from the past 3 nights... "I had my ass kicked at work tonight i deserve a couple beers".."Well i did bust ass in the gym this morning and didnt eat much so i think i can squeeze in a few drinks without going too far over my calories".."I am off tomorrow so a hangover wont be too bad".."Tomorrow should be an easy day at work so i can manage with a hangover".."I will probably be the least hungover at work anyway"... Im hoping that posting here will give me some accountability and someone to talk to who wont say something that encourages drinking. ..Thanks for taking the time to read my struggle im thankful that this place exists because i have no one to relate to irl...Edit: i forgot to mention the times ive broken my hand while angry and drunk and the massive dents i put into my old car under the same circumstances. Even commited felonies while nearly blackout that i never would have done sober (theres a reason they call it devils cut). Thankfully ive grown out of that stage in my life but i did fuck my knuckles up a couple months ago which is horrible because my hands are my livelyhood.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome. Given what you said I would say nothing to encourage your drinking. In my experience "functional alcoholic" is simply one of the early stages of alcoholism. If there is family history of alcohol abuse it puts us at risk for the disease. I inherited it from my dad. I could never have stayed sober in your work environment because I had to protect myself from alcohol at all cost. ..Here's a saying: I don't know if it applies...&gt; When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change;.&gt; .&gt; We will change. 
Welcome /u/BlazeLE to r/stopdrinking--at this [link is a post called the  Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which summarizes the simple actions I took to start stopping.  I hope you find an idea or two to help you.  Good luck.
I rarely comment anything here but i googled about the same subject just now and found myself here. I work out i have normal life and a relationship. Nothing has gone badly in my life basicly but still i drink daily. I go to work i workout and in the evening i drink some beers. Usually i dont even drink much just enough that i know it hurts me maybe around a 6pack. This has been going on for around 5 years. For few weeks it has been bothering me even more than ever. I think i drink cause i'm bored. I didnt even drink before i was 20 after the army i filled the boring evenings with beer. Few times i've gone 3-4 days sober and it felt great but then for some reason i start again. I know i have the strength to stop drinking daily but i dont know how to keep the self restraint. I wish all the strength in your path to being sober or atleast keeping control over it and i wish myself the same.
