-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40edue/day_0/

I have been struggling to stop drinking for years. last night I came very close to losing everything after getting pulled over and ultimately let off with a verbal warning. I've spent all day nursing my hangover dumbfounded by the fact that I have essentially won the lottery. The whole thing has given me new resolve to finally quit and not squander this "second chance".  ..However I am terrified that my resolve will wane and the cravings and justification acrobatics that my mind performs will prevail. I know I will need support when the cravings start again and i'm hoping this forum might be a place to talk with others struggling with  similar challenges...I scored 26 on the Alcohol Assessment Test which also concerned me. I'm not sure I'm ready to go into rehab and AA is not for me...Looking for advice hopeful stories words of encouragement.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried AA?   Why is it not for you?..I would not be sober if it were not for AA (and other things) and I'm an atheist.
Welcome /u/LRDE to r/stopdrinking--at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps which is what I did to stop drinking and get sober.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I hope you will find something to help you start your journey with us.  Good luck.
I needed all the support I could find to get and stay sober. A therapist rehab and AA saved my life. There's a support group called SMART Recovery which many find helpful. Many communities have outpatient options available. I did that too. Stay close.
Asking for help was key for me. Until I was ready to stop trying to go it alone I couldn't stop starting again. AA was where I got sober but that's not the only avenue. All AA groups are not the same so maybe you could shop around? Good luck.
[removed]
Hey man..(didn't mean for this to be so long but I felt inspired to just keep writing once I started)-..It's good that you're concerned enough about yourself to take a look at your drinking. I've never come THAT close to a DUI but I can imagine how much my life would suck if I ever got one. No one can say what will work for you but I can tell you what's worked for me...I didn't think AA or SMART or a group like that was for me either. I almost went to a meeting my first week but I started posting here and reading all of the material in the sidebar every day once I quit. It was fairly important for me to talk to a friend or family member on the phone every evening in the first few weeks. Part of getting sober was breaking the habits I had fallen into with alcohol. After dinner I would eat a dessert (something I never did when I drank) and then talk to someone on the phone if I could. I would also make "sleepytime" herbal tea to drink in the evening instead of beer. This helped even out my sleep patterns in the first few weeks. ..The one thing that worked best for me was to know that the most important thing in any given situation was that I don't drink *that day*. It would get later in the day/evening and I would start to feel restless but instead I would take a shower meditate eat a melatonin and get to bed early. I always felt 100 times better the next day and I was one step closer to breaking the habit. ..I had been exercising but once I quit I started to get more serious about it and be more consistent. In a month or two I actually started to see "results" which I never saw because all the beer I would drink would make my body shitty before. I also started meditating more often and for longer and keeping up with it every day while before when I was drinking I just did it every once in awhile to trick myself into thinking I was doing something for my mental health. I wasn't. The best thing for me to do was get sober. I started to see "results" in this area as well with the increased diligence and zero boozing...A month felt like a triumph to me. The worst of it was over. Two months even better than that. I started to not think about drinking/not drinking all the time. I did have to isolate myself from my friends and social activities at first but like I said the new most important thing in my life was to not drink so missing a show or not going to a party (I wouldn't talk to anyone while I was drinking anyway so what was the point?) wasn't a big deal. I still can't play video games but I have watched a lot of star trek and educational youtube videos. Mostly I got caught up on sleep. If you're like me you don't get much sleep at night because you're up drinking instead and end up sleeping in on your days off. Let me tell you what a month of not doing that feels like- Like I stopped taking some weird Philip K. Dick-type drug for the first time in my life. A totally added perk that I did not expect and I can not really describe how it feels...To wrap up this long story I'll try and make some analogues between your situation and my own. I didn't get a "second chance" so to speak like you but I had been thinking that I was drinking too much for a little while and someone told me I was *for sure* drinking too much every day and that I needed to stop for 30 days at least. I figured if I *didn't* have a problem 30 days should be no sweat. If I couldn't make it *then* I would go to AA *then* I might think about treatment. I didn't need that. I made it. Seven times that at this point. I don't remember what I scored on the assessment test before I stopped but it was borderline between "problem" and "alcoholic". I wasn't THAT bad but what I was doing was really not good. ..A great writer once said that an alcoholic always knows where his next drink is coming from. I no longer worry about that. It's very liberating. Rarely I'll get the feeling I might be tempted to drink at some event in the future but the trick is not to worry about that just think about right now this moment this day. Can I make it to bed tonight without a drink? Of course I can.
I went to rehab before I was ready. I thought I was but I made up my mind and went that night. I was afraid I was going to change my mind and never go. I should have taken a day or two to pick the best facility for me and make sure I was really ready. Maybe I wouldn't have relapsed. Either way I am day 10 now and SD (and soon therapy too) is really working for me. Hope you find the winning combo that fits your needs. ..High Five!
