-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40gyim/hi_sd/

Hi SD! Boy am I glad you are here. I started my journey to sobriety on December 17 2014. I went into rehab. I thought it was the lowest point in my life. I attended AA meetings religiously and ironically I am not religious at all. But even though AA pretends not to be mostly they are. I fought that aspect of AA very hard. I have never done the steps and tried sponsors but could never quite get the part about telling strangers my most intimate secrets. I do have a homegroup and I am the grapevine representative there. I do like some of the people in the meetings but I still don't feel like I am in the right place. I thought I just needed help to stop drinking hourly (yes hourly everyday all day) and once I had 100 days sobriety I celebrated with a pint of vodka. Three months later I confessed that I had relapsed. Now *that* was the lowest point in my life.  So now I have been completely sober since June 26 2015. I have realized that I can never "drink normally". My main problem is finding a place to "fit in". My husband found this site and actually woke me up last night to read about it through the Washington Post. I am excited to jump into SD and hopefully find a place for me here. I don't think I will completely remove AA from my life as I do believe I get some benefit from actual "live people" to talk to but as a lot of the meetings just tend to frustrate me or put me into a bad mood I am hoping this site will be a place for me to share and stay healthy (mind body and spirit). Wish me luck! 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Glad you found us. 
Welcome! How awesome that your husband looks out for you! 
Welcome aboard! The WP wave has brought many new friends here. I am sure you will enjoy this fine place.
Welcome! I went to inpatient and out patient back in June I went to one AA meeting and I was the youngest with the next being in her mid 60s and they all had their bibles. I tried going to a dif group yesterday but no one ever showed up. Not sure what happened but I just wanted a chip anyway so no biggie. I am now 10 days sober and this group has been amazing!! Glad your husband found us. Don't forget to get your badge I am not sure what the six months one looks like but im sure its awesome! Its a link on the side bar...High Five!
Welcome /u/cherbersjourney to r/stopdrinking.  So nice to see your post.  
I spend a lot of time here on SD and a lot of time in AA and they go together super well!  Welcome!
