-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40hf8g/i_put_my_recovery_first_last_night/

I am in the midst of a separation from my husband and at one month sober he told me he wanted to end our marriage. Two nights ago he returned from three weeks in Europe during which time we had no contact. We've not discussed what's happening between us and last night he asked if we could talk. I said that it would have to be later because I had somewhere to go--he doesn't know I've started attending AA daily. This was really difficult because the old me would drop everything and everyone if he felt like talking. I forced myself to go to the meeting and the speaker's topic was about relationships. She and others talked about how sometimes the things we want are not the best things for us and that there is a bigger plan we just have to stop struggling against it. I prayed on the way home another crazy sober development as I've never seriously prayed am not religious etc. We then decided not to talk last night because we were both tired. Again in the past this would never happen--I'd usually have to obsessively talk things to death late into the night while drinking. Even though this difficult talk is still looming I feel like I had some kind of victory. I feel okay. I feel so happy to be sober. There is no way I could have dealt with or survived this shit while drinking. The new me is dealing a lot better and I'm doing it with lots of support especially from all the courageous people here on SD and those I've met so far in AA. I'm so grateful that I don't have to do it alone anymore. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow I am super proud of you this is exactly how I would have handled this.  
Congrats!! .
Wow that is some fantastic growth in the face of a hard situation.  I'm proud of you!
I don't know your situation but my divorce a year ago was the best thing that could have happened. It gave me a chance to focus on me and decide what changes I wanted to make in my life like getting sober. It wasn't the end of my world. There were a lot of tough days but I believe it made me a stronger person. I don't think I would have stopped drinking otherwise because I was so unhappy. I wish you peace and happiness. 
[deleted]
wow inspirational! thanks for sharing! 
Wow. You're strength and dedication is inspiring. You are GROWING!!!
