-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40hu6k/i_am_struggling_first_time_i_have_acually_asked/

I have been reading checking in responding . It's been an emotional few weeks . We put our beloved dog to sleep last week. I am still grieving.  .I have been super busy today.  Not as sad. Productive and dare I say proud of myself.  .Here is my issue:.   I still have to go to grocery today. I have been very busy..But I guess feeling vunerable. So alcohol is not an option period but not trusting myself .The grocery can not be put off. .   I am not drinking not even one. So why do I feel so nervous about it. I don't even know what to buy. Thinking of a list makes me teary. Fuck the grocery . I need to go sooner than later. There is a pit in my stomach. .   Ok anyone got any words of wisdom.  ._update: I am so glad I posted. I made it back without alcohol. Yay.  .I had worked myself into such a lather I had the turkey trots halfway through the store. Yikes.  .Note to self : working hard being productive/feeling proud make me want to drink badly! I have to go to store first for right now.  .Asking for help made me accountable . Thank to everyone who responded and checking the new posts..This subreddit is such good support.  .After the store I rewarded my self with the most carbonated coke from McDonald's. It was so bubbly it hurt my ears._.
----------immediate responses--------

Feeling real emotions positive and negative is a privilege of not drinking.   ..It's nice to feel happy and sad and mad etc.   They are real emotions from which you shouldn't want to escape...Take care of yourself.  Get enough sleep and hydration.
I often feel nervous because I know how many times cravings have gotten the better of me despite my resolve. I'm nervous I'll give in again...I don't have much wisdom to offer only that making a daily committment and continuing to share here when things come up (just like you've done here) have really helped a lot. ..Sorry about your pup; that's really rough. It's great that you're feeling positive about your productivity as well. Take it easy on yourself have some time to relax in the midst of your busy schedule.
I have trouble with the grocery store too. Last time I went I bought myself flowers instead of beer or wine; every time I look at them they remind me of something good I'm doing for myself. Also I spent more money on meat than usual and bought myself a really nice steak which also helped me feel like I was indulging myself in something and made me feel less deprived by not buying alcohol. But overall I dread the grocery store and I've been only twice in the last 14 days...I'm so sorry about your dog. Be nice to yourself it's a very sad loss but I'm sure you gave him/her a good life.
High Five! I felt like the typical fat american the first time i went to to the grocery store during detox. my joints and feet and ankles were so swollen I used the little  electronic sit down cart so it went painfully slow lol. I felt so guilty too because I didnt know if there was an elderly or disabled person looking for it and here is my detoxing butt using it lol
I am in love with this update
Nice one on getting through that! On my first grocery shops I bought loads of sparkling water breakfast cereals fresh veg and something protein-y.
You are about to step out of your comfort zone.  I know this feeling very well.  You can do this.  I am sure you can do this.  
I'm sorry about your dog. Good on you for not getting any booze. I know it was hard for me to go past liquor stores or see beer in the grocery for a while. ..I treat myself to Diet Pepsi a fair amount. No it's not great for me but it beats the hell out of what I was drinking. I also drink tons of water. 
