-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40ku1e/because_of_this_website_i_didnt_drink_today/

Planned on drinking as usual tonight after work but started reading all of your posts and it stopped me. Thank you all so much for your honesty sharing your struggles and success. I found this website by mistake the past weekend and I hope it helps lead me to sobriety. 20 years of hard drinking and it's time to stop. F tomorrow today I am sober!
----------immediate responses--------

It was no mistake you were meant to be a part of this community:) Welcome!
That's great news way to go! This site is great for compass checks. Once in early days i was in a liquor store parking lot ready for the night hopped on SD and reading some posts changed my mind. Left without even entering store. 
I agree not a mistake!
I plan on drinking tomorrow but today I will not drink. I have been chasing tomorrow for a few 24 hours but I always seem to be in today! Sometimes I just stop thinking about that :P
It wasnt a mistake! ..I too every day tell myself I won't drink drink. It can be done!
Hang in there. The first few days can be difficult.  Occupy your spare time with sober fun things to do.  Stay away from stressors and pressures.  Focus on yourself.  Learn to put yourself first.  Selfish?  No...it's survival.  The drink kills!
Congrats!
Nice! Come back tomorrow. The adventure is always new.
I've never regretted not drinking - not once in my life...The other way round? Just a few times...
Welcome!  You might have come across this website by mistake but the beautiful thing about sobriety is that it allows you to recognize an opportunity when it arises.  I don't believe in fate and I don't think there is any cosmic plan that led you here but out of all the places you could be you're here now and you have an opportunity to decide what type of future you want to make for yourself.  It doesn't have to be bound by the decisions of your past.  It can be whatever you decide for it to be and that's incredibly empowering.  Take that strength and use it towards taking your next step (which is not drinking today).  Cheers!
victory!!! feels great doesn't it? I hope to see you again tomorrow!
Very nice to meet you.  ..I had a couple of decades of hard drinking under my belt.  Was scared to let it go.  ..Turns out it felt great to stop hurting myself. 
Welcome. And good choice! I recommend Allen Carr's book "Easy Way to Control Alcohol". It greatly changed my outlook on alcohol. 
Welcome! and thanks for sharing it's great you can share and help others like myself. Make those stories yourself! The first day is the most important day. Everyday after depends on it. 
[deleted]
good..
I like you just found this website after reading an article in the Sunday newspaper this past weekend. This site has encouraged me to believe in myself and stop drinking. Thanks for sharing.
Welcome! This website is helping me too. The Daily Pledge is the best It helps me put my day in the right prospective
I got sober before the internet but SD has enhanced my life tremendously.  Stay around and you will have the opportunity to assist others in their journey. Thanks for posting.
That's great /u/Mnmac -- and here's the [link to the Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out how I stayed stopped.
This group is extremely helpful in my sobriety. 
This community is the best thing that happened to me recently. Checking in every day reading commenting so much support from everyone. Good job we will do this all together! :)
Welcome to the club. 
Welcome! I also found this place rather randomly and it took me a couple of weeks to really make my decision to stop. I knew my drinking was a problem but the idea of stopping was scary. .41 days ago I woke up with a hangover on a Wednesday morning and as I was getting ready for work I said to myself "This is stupid and I'm finally ready to stop.".I checked in and I've checked in almost every day since. I love how much better I feel how much more I accomplish and waking up sober and refreshed from sleep!
In my early stages of sobriety this sub saved me more times than I could count. What an amazing community we have here. Keep up the good work..
right on! great job! 
can anyone tell me the meaning of golden circles stars days after the username means?.I am not able to identify what it is?.
Welcome! This sub is a huge reason I've made it sober so long.
How did you do today?
