-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40lm8u/thank_you_on_behalf_of_all_the_lurkers/

Hello sd. Today is mine 30th day of being sober in continuity for as long as I can remember. I didnt get shitfaced daily but i drank every day. What drove me to the breaking point of finally deciding of quitting the booze were 2 blackouts in a month. You see a month before my decision to stop drinking i quit smoking (>10 years >pack a day) with great help from Allan Carrs easyway thankfully before that notorious ama. That stripped me of the "balance" while drinking you know a puff of cig a gulp of booze. So without smokes i replaced a puff with a gulp. That left me shitfaced. Altough I wasn't a mean drunk the tought of losing control over my actions terrified me. So a day after that last blackout which left me with a broken phone i decided to get some help and being a long time Reddit lurker i found this sub. So I started reading the stories experiences of oldtimers of people starting like me of people who relapsed and what they were feeling the daily check ins the qoutes the day by day method... It worked. Day by day and here I am at 30 :).What I'm trying to say beside sharing my story is that there are us out there lurking soaking it in without posting and you make a lot more difference than it is visible in posts and replies. So thank you..Will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! 30 days is a good long time! Welcome and know that we are all here to help you.
Lovely. Glad you're here and I did the same--lurked and learned and acted. 
congrats! High Five!
From one lurker to another - Bravo for the post and for your 30 days! 
You are a STAR!
Congrats on day 30! I'm looking to you as a role model...This is the first I heard of the Alan Carr AMA. I can't believe that guy said those things about withdrawal.
Nice star!
well done star this sub does help me a lot.
A great milestone a great startand it really sounds like you are ready to build those numbers..have a great time doing it.
