-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40mh17/200_days/

My booze brain ignored the hard stuff. It mainly focused on where and when that next drink would come from. Getting that next drink and seeking oblivion was the highest priority. I'd become blackout drunk at least 4 times a week. My work suffered my home life suffered and my body suffered. ..A year ago I was deeply depressed and pretty sure I'd not be alive for much longer. ..At this point my sober brain has to deal with that hard stuff that I hid behind the booze cloud. That's okay. My sober brain works pretty damn well. I am not nearly as depressed as I was but realize it may be a life long struggle. I feel much better physically emotionally and especially mentally.  I do not believe I'll drop dead any day - in fact I'm pretty sure I'll live a fair while longer. ..I'm still reading this reddit. I'm still posting now and again. I do not and should not stop being mindful of being an alcoholic. Temptations arise but they are less powerful now. ..I'm not going to drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! My "two brains" are constantly at war with each other but with each sober brain victory he seems to get a little stronger.
whoop whoop 200!! I am proud of how far you have come and sharing about how much better you feel and think. Very inspiring!..High Five
How are you dealing with the hard stuff lurking behind the cloud?
Yay! Sounds like you're making great progress.
I missed my 200 so I'll celebrate with you. ..Good work so far let's get that year together too!
Well done brilliant.
Congratulations on 200! I'm right behind ya. My depression also lessened considerably. I'm actually upping my recovery work as I suspect that this period could be my most vulnerable. I'm glad you're on here with me!
Congrats on 200! I know much using drink to address depression. I keep thinking about a phrase I should have been saying to myself: "I keep drinking and drinking and drinking but I'm not feeling any better!"..Stating it like that shows me how asinine it is.
Congrats BlackDog!!! ..It's incredible the changes we find in sobriety. I found that every day i don't drink the more I accept the finality of not being able to drink again. Happy 200 :)
Congratulations! I am so happy that you are feeling better and doing better and hoping better because of your sobriety. Gives me hope that I'm not just making things up in my head. 
