-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40mn21/when_does_the_fatigue_end/

Hi everyone! Been two weeks now without a single drop thanks to you beautiful people and your stories and support! Two days after I quit drinking I am struggling with some serious fatigue especially in the mornings. My level of clarity has certainly improved and I feel much more positive than usual. But I'm so incredibly tired in the mornings though my good pal coffee helps to make me functional. ..Anyone else have this issue? About how long did it last?..I should probably also note that I take a multivitamin and B-Complex on a regular basis. ..Oh and I will not drink today! .
----------immediate responses--------

Day 3 for me. First two nights I woke still feeling very tired and today I had to go back to bed at midday due to serious fatigue so I can totally sympathise. ..I've cut out caffeine recently too which I know is not making the situation any better. I assume the fatigue will pass soon. I'm going to try upping my exercise regime and see if that helps. ..Well done passing the 2 week mark by the way!
I can only speak from the I but my crippling fatigue and malaise passed after around day 45. I know that's probably longer than you want to hear and yours may pass quicker but my body and brain had a LOT of healing to do (and it still continues). I was inspired by reading the Timeline in the Sidebar here that shows what happens in the brain as we recover/stop dousing it with poison and dehydrating the hell out of it. My sweet tolerant brain is a real trooper. I'm going to continue to allow it to fix what I did to it today. 
Today is day 12 for me and I can tell you that I was in bed by 7:30 pm at least two days last week!
Upwards of two months for me. I loved every minute of it sweet sweet deep healing sleep. I miss those days...
Dealing with this!!!  Waking up often to pee never had that problem before and not waking up when the alarm goes off.  I feel hungover.  Thinking I need to back off the caffeine  been hitting it pretty hard since sobriety.
The last two nights I have slept like a log. While it is so awesome to have such awesome sleep I wake up feeling a little hungover -- it's weird. Mild headache super tired. Yay for morning coffee. I also take a B complex vitamin which I think is super helpful. I guess Inhave another week at least? Still I feel SO much better in general so it's worth it!
Day 71 and still struggling in the mornings. I think it's due to the fact that I don't get to bed at a decent hour and I drink way too much coffee. It's 100 times better than being hungover though!!
