-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40sdvr/feeling_ashamed/

Worked out after work last night  then stopped for dinner... knowing fully I would drink. Had too much of course  and am missing work today.  I feel like I will continue to drink until something truly horrible happens... feeling completely out of control. ..I am trying to not beat myself up but I'm struggling. I learn so much from this site every day  however  and I'll keep reading and learning.  Thank you all so much for the support ...I WILL NOT DRINK TODAY! !!
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate. I slipped last night also although drank must less than usual. I am going to try again tonight. I will put sparkling water where I usually keep the wine and drink those instead.
Mistakes and failures are EVENTS  not people. I'm proud of you for picking yourself up and getting right back on it. You're doing great today.  Let's keep looking forward. 
So let's begin again?  I am not going to drink TODAY in solidarity with you.
Next time you feel the urge to drink remember this. Remember feeling ashamed and remember how bad it made you feel. ..I always think back on my last night of drinking and going overboard with it. I don't want to be that guy any more. So when the urges hit I recall that night and the following wasted day with a hangover; it was a good one lasted all morning afternoon and part of the evening. ..Do I really want to go there again ever? No no I do not...No one said crushing this problem would be easy. You are in a battle now. You may win some and lose some to start but as you grow stronger and stronger you will eventually win the war. 
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett ..One thing I have found is that my habits got me into the mess I am in. Those have to change to get myself out. I can't expect to put myself into an environment that I have always consumed alcohol and expect myself to not do it this time. Maybe in time when my emotional armor is strong I will be able to interact like I used to and be able to not drink. But right now my recovery is in it's infancy like yours and needs protection. The armor will come with practice and time. Don't beat yourself up for slipping. Be human when we fail we learn. Make sure you learn. I will not be drinking to day for me AND for you. You can do it. I know you can. I leave you with this quote "To get something you have never had before (sobriety) you will have to do something you have never done before." The habits have to change to get that sobriety long term. Be well and God bless.
Hey I'm not going to drink today either. 
I get it. I understand the shame so much but it never does me any good. I'm with you.... I feel like if I continue to drink I'm doomed. ..When I knew that I was going to drink yesterday I just started bombing people in the program with texts. They helped me so much...I'm committed to not drinking today too! .
Hang in there!  I'm not drinking today either.  The guilt that we feel will only make us stronger in our fight against alcohol.
