-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40tiex/back_at_it/

In the hight of my drinking you would find me in the gym maybe once a month and only for a very struggled 15 minute workout. ..Well today I joined a new gym that I pass everyday while taking my son to/from school (I figured passing it so often would keep me more in check) and did a 20 minute elliptical workout and lifted some weights! I FEEL GREAT! The workout was hard but in a good way. And man did it feel great to sweat! ..I am so excited to get back in shape..Have you just started working out again? How does it feel?
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! I want to start working out again...it does feel good. I will join a gym as soon as I am able.
All I can say is that for me exercising is a huge part of why I'm still sober. It not only improves my mood but I finally like the way I look.  ..I no longer see a sweaty grey messy bloated dehydrated guy.  I no longer feel like vomiting lightheaded and on the verge of a seizure at all times.  Thanks to sobriety (and the gym) I have lost 40 pounds and am lifting more weight than I ever thought imaginable.  It really helps when tons of people say "Wow you look good" or "You've lost weight!".  For me I turned my addiction into something healthy! 10/10 would recommend.
I have! I have a gym membership at a place open 24/7 which is awesome for when I can't sleep or wake up super early. I also have a workout/healthy eating program I am doing right now. I feel great gotta get use to healthier foods though and portions. I love carbs mannn lol. ..Congrats on the workout! Keep up the good job with your expanding journey!!..High Five!.(Don't forget to get your flair on under 'badges' its something I personally love seeing go up every day)
I've been working out everyday and I feel awesome! I'm doing home workouts keto and I stopped drinking. 11 days in and I've lost almost 10lbs. Starting to be able to see my lats again when I flex. I'm about to be in the best shape of my life without alcohol sabotaging me all the time!.Enjoy your time at the gym it's gonna be your new addiction :)
Working out feels the best it helps takes the anxiety away for me. Clears the mind for that time. 
I got a cardio dvd but not opened it yet lol.
