-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40vs3d/how_im_spending_my_90th_day/

Homemade kale and white bean soup a book and my cat. ..The thing is after 90 days (following a previous relapse) I've gotten through many of my personal anxieties. One of the biggest ones was my fear of missing out...I used to think going out after work for a drink was a reasonable adult thing to do. For a lot of people it is. Not this guy. I wasn't going out for a drink after work - I was going out for a drunk after work and then polishing it off at home with a bottle of cheap whiskey only to do the same thing the next day and the one after that...In reality--which I wasn't very tuned in to--I was missing more every day after work and on the weekends at the bar. I seriously don't remember jack shit from the 10 years leading up to my sobriety...That whole time what I was missing out on was personal development. You know sustaining meaningful relationships absorbing knowledge taking care of my body and mind. That stuff...So I'm doing the same thing I've been doing daily for the past three months: eating some healthy food reading up on some ancient history and checking back in to this sub. Who knows.. maybe I'll start running again...I'm mostly a lurker but thanks to everyone who posts their struggles successes and advice here. It's really helped me stay focused on the important things.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. Congrats on 90 days!!!!!!
High Five!
This is what it is all about. And congratulations on 90!
*"That whole time what I was missing out on was personal development. You know sustaining meaningful relationships absorbing knowledge taking care of my body and mind. That stuff."*..Yes!  .
you are awesome. thanks for the thoughtful post - I really look up to folks like you who are living honest and healthy lives. congrats on 90 days and enjoy your celebration soup!
&gt;Homemade kale and white bean soup a book and my cat...That sounds like my kind of evening!  I relate very much to your whole post.
I love this post. Thanks and well done!
Sounds like a pleasant 90th day.
Love it! thanks for your post.
Congratulations on 90! That soup sounds wonderful on a winters day and sounds like a very relaxing evening :)..High five dude!
Congratulations!!! 
Word up my brotha!  I especially relate to the missing out on personal development part...IDK about you but I used to drink to forget about all the things I hated about myself.  Not drinking makes you take a hard look at yourself...The great thing is that now we can all move forward and make positive changes in our lives...Congratulations man!  Keep up the good work!
Go you that sounds wonderful. You're definitely not missing a thing. 
Great inspiration for a Newbie! Keep up the hard work and thanks for sharing...Who know's maybe you'll be wearing a KALE tee shirt at your next milestone 
Hooray! Ah that sounds lovely! This is how I would like to celebrate my 90. Maybe I'll ask you for your recipe in a few months...first I need to sift through everything that I thought was true or untrue or ignored while in my fog. Enjoy the day!
Congratz on 90 days you are running and taking the lead ( now put on those shoes) lol great job
Great post. I can relate. 
I feel like we need the recipe for this soup.... 
