-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40xec9/hey_cc_im_new_here_and_while_i_liked_these_days/

Any day that I honestly commit to my conscious deliberate daily decision not to drink TODAY is a day in which I will not drink.  ..If today some tragedy occurs that directly effects me I will not drink because I committed this morning that I would not. If today is the SuperBowl St. Patirck's Day the 4th of July or any other well-recognized Big Alcohol Marketing Orgy--I will not drink if I made that decision.  ..Why does this work for me?  I have made the [Ulysses Bargain with my rational brain](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3z4wos/newcomers_how_i_process_the_alkybrain_alkyvoice/?ref=search_posts) and that trumps my irrational impulsive Alky-brain  every time.  This is particularly true if I find a recovery path of my choosing and follow the suggestions of those who have been there before me. ..What are YOUR relapse prevention strategies?
----------immediate responses--------

As I've said here before I have a history of half assed attempts at quitting none of which lasted more than 10 days. This time my early sobriety resolve has been and continues to be fueled by four things:.1) I'm tired of feeling physically and psychologically bad as a result of drinking..2) I fully understand that I was dancing on the edge of complete disaster in my life (personal professional legal) and I am very very lucky that I've survived without my life completely unraveling as a result of my alcoholic behavior. This is still raw and real to me though I understand those feelings may fade over time..3) I now understand more than ever before that I can't moderately drink I don't actually enjoy that. My patterns are clear and firmly established. I get it no more need to experiment and hope for a different result. The scientific studies have been conducted..4) The community of people like me who help me through each day with their (your) support wisdom and kindness..So as I continue on my path the plan is:..1) Continue to build the inventory of experiences that make it clear that a sober life can be fulfilling fun and exciting (this is proving pretty easy so far I'm really enjoying myself).2) continue to stay active and engaged in communities like this one.3) Continue to build on my understanding of the rational brain vs. alky brain phenomenon by reading about it talking about it and practicing techniques to minimize the devil on my shoulder...I'm gonna keep working this thing. Thanks for the post and getting the little grey cells going for me this morning CC.
I'm keeping with dry people dry placesdaily check in  putting my needs before my wants ( I need to stay sober) I want that drink but will not drink today no matter what! Talking to my supporting husband who in on this sober life journey with me if I feel the urge keeping my mind and body busy everyday Reminding myself I'm doing this for me first and feeling proud  that I will not drink today!
This was invaluable to me early on and I really think more people should try to adopt this approach. There were times where I wanted a drink for whatever reason (bad day good day long day short day - you know the way it goes) and I said to myself ok I'll make a deal I won't drink today like I planned when I woke up but you can drink tomorrow if you wake up in the morning still wanting that drink and I never woke up the next day wanting to drink. 
For me it's easy I am walking down a street that has everything I need restaurants stores a library a place to live a place to work and I pass an alley...That alley is dark wet smelly has a dumpster with people living in it and a couple of hulking guys named 'fist' and 'slam' -  offer to give me a tour of where a restaurant has been pouring out its grease...from the safety of the sidewalk they can't reach me.  But if I turn if I set one foot inside the alley their arms will reach out......
&gt;any other well-recognized Big Alcohol Marketing Orgy..Recognizing how deftly and universally alcohol addiction has been marketed to empty our pockets was a major tool for me in getting through the early weeks.  "I deserve a drink" - "I need alcohol to have fun"  "I'm my best self with a few in me" - all of those come from years of saturation-marketing exposure in every film and TV show not just in overt advertising.  ..The alcohol lobby pays millions of dollars a year to make sure that every important moment in TV and movies is accompanied by an attractive harmless-looking swallow of alcohol.  No one is ever drunk - they don't show you that part.  No one is ever shaking in the morning - they don't show you that part.  Nope but every time there's a wealthy important character who has "made it" in life they're portrayed taking sips of liquor from pretty glasses dawn to dusk with absolutely no effect.  ..The clear message is "If I were a better person alcohol wouldn't addict me.  So in order to prove I'm that guy that gal the successful strong one I have to keep going back to alcohol and proving my power over it."  Ka-ching.  Ka-ching.  Ka-ching.  And I'm back on the alcohol industry's hamster wheel of addiction.  Trained from birth to become their addicted docile money hamster.
Remind myself that drinking wasn't the fun part --really. It's hanging out with friends relaxing and laughing at silly stuff for fun. I give myself permission to do that. It's ok. 
[deleted]
It's funny that you should mention the superbowl. I had done a pretty good job not drinking last January and then the superbowl came around. I was going to reward myself for doing so well. I think I was at the store waiting for noon to be able to buy a 12 pack. I won't go into more detail about what all I drank that day but I was passed out on the bathroom floor at a friend's house before the game even started. I missed the Superbowl last year. I can guarantee I will not drink "because it's Superbowl Sunday" this year. 
Get up and move. Do new things or at least things that you haven't done for the past three months. Draw walk photograph cook a new recipe. These kinds of things balance your norepinephrine and your serotonin and keep you from being depressed and from relapsing
Accept life with sobriety vs. rejecting life with alcohol...It seems simple but it's a transformation that's tougher than you realize. 
Connecting the dots. Every morning I give myself a path on the back because I did not drink the day before. Thanks Buddy! Then I appreciate the fact that this last sober 24 hours makes today's possible. Had I had a drink yesterday today's sobriety would be a friggin' mountain. And finally I comfort myself that today's sobriety will give me a fighting chance to continue tomorrow.
You're not missing out on anything at all - the fun started and continues only after I stopped. So I was presented with a simple choice: have some fun or die. Guess which one I picked.
So this is most probably a terrible strategy. But it is the one I have been using lately. When Trixie my obnoxious alky-voice  (thank you u/ninjilla for helping me name her!) gets all insistent about wanting a drink (or 10) I tell her that we will but it can't be today because I have all sorts of important things I need to do today and it must be done sober. And she simmers down for a bit. If I try to fight the "forever" battle she freaks out and launches a nuclear strike. But if I just put her off until tomorrow she just sort of hangs around waiting. I hope that maybe she gets really bored and decides to take off to Mexico or Norway but she is still lurking...  
The daily reprieve is a big one for me. Also I found a picture of myself a few years ago drinking at a bar. The lack of emotion on my face reminds me of the numbness I had once felt. Today I am grateful to experience all of these emotions head on. Being honest with myself helps quite a bit too. I understand that I cannot do this on my own. I tried my way(no support/no plan) and it failed. Going to a meeting every day and getting on here are daily reminders that I don't have to do this journey alone.
I did the Ulysess Bargin a week at a time first. Then a month at a time. Then a year at a time. ..I have no problem with people doing it a day at a time or even an hour at a time or a minute at a time...Whatever it takes! If you can put off drinking then your rational brain will win. That irrational brain is impatient and usually just wants instant gratification.
A daily commitment is what works for me. It frees me from the "burden" of my clean time and keeps me from fixating on tomorrow... I have to accept that I do not know all the cards life will deal me tomorrow but by remaining sober today I will better be able to play my hand. ..Thanks for this post.
