-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40y35s/exceedingly_stressed_and_having_the_most_brutal/

There's a lot of shit going on right now that's putting a lot of strain on me..I'm moving across the world (Canada to Britain) on Monday and leaving everything and everyone behind. I'm actually quite happy about this but it is incredibly stressful. It's such a big thing and I'm so unsure of what will happen. .My ex girlfriend a close friend who I care deeply for is going down the same path I went down to get here although she's abusing cocaine rather than alcohol. This is the first time I'm seeing someone close to me struggling with substance abuse (and distressingly unwilling to change). I want to help her and I can't and worst of all she doesn't want help. I worry about her which causes anxiety which was a big motivator of my drinking in the first place. .I struggle with anxiety and cope with it very poorly I felt like alcohol was the sole relief from it. In all honestly I haven't found anything that takes the mental burden off even half as well. The obvious issue is it also destroys my life in the process...Between leaving countries a very troubled close friend and general mental stress...I feel like fucking shit today. Obviously on top of all that my addiction still exists exacerbating the problem. When I started this post I felt like I could barely breathe I wanted a drink so badly. The weight of the urge to drown everything out forever is so crushing it's actually physically painful. I'm basically just typing everything that pops into my head in a frantic effort to distract myself but my stream of consciousness is little more than "drink drink drink drink drink drink" ad infinitum. I can't talk to people or focus on anything. I'm sweating like a pig and absolutely stink. This feeling has been going on for about 3.5 hours now. Starting to feel like I'm losing my mind which just builds on the stress of my other issues which increases the urge to drink which increases the stress which makes coping hard which increases the urge to drink WHICH INCREASES THE STRESS...It's a closed circuit of disaster and I'm not sure how to escape it. Thanks to anyone who takes the time to read all this I needed to get it out of my head somehow it's probably a jumbled mess but bottling it was impossible.
----------immediate responses--------

It is very difficult to believe it in the first weeks of sobriety but I found that almost all the anxiety I thought was helped by drinking was actually completely caused by the alcohol. After some sober time this became so clear for me..Hang in there it can get better.
Take a deep breath. I'm a very anxious person also. Just remember  alcohol doesn't relieve anxiety it only makes it worse!
You've got a lot on the line. Will being drunk make it better or worse? ..That's a question I had to ask myself a fair amount. It is hard as hell to think of anything other than drinking/not drinking those early days. I believe it happens to everyone. ..Hang in there !
