-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40yqze/my_last_relapse/

About seven years ago I relapse after a great three and a half years of sobriety. Since that time I've been in a slow downward spiral. Today is day five of sobriety redux for me and I feel great. I wanted to share that day in about 2009 when a decided I could have a few beers with freinds. After finishing work early on a friday I jumped in my truck and started a 80 mile drive to meet some friends for a weekend get away. We had rented a cabin and planned to do some 4 wheeling fishing and I  knew they would drink cases of beer. Alone on the drive over I convinced myself that I could just have a few beers around the camp fire and go back home and continue my life of sobriety. So I stop at this small town gas station for a six pack. When I got to the old wooden door a sign confronted me. "Be back in 20 min." This was the only store for 10 miles. No store between it and the cabin. I was given an actual sign to not drink again and ignored it. Being a drunk has seen me in some less than honorable situations through the years but standing on the covered porch of that little grocery store is what I've been thinking about the last few days. It's a huge regret for me. Keep up the fight SD.
----------immediate responses--------

I was scared to do any four-wheeling trips after I had garnered a few years of sobriety under my belt. Turns out it's easier to do than I had expected...First I know I'm staying sober so nobody can change that...Second all my buddies know I'm sober and they respect that and won't offer me anything...You're doing great! Keep it up!!
Thanks for sharing the story-- simple yet powerful and of course entirely relatable. Lots of covered porch moments here as well...I'm glad you're feeling good on day five. Right here with you.
Great post in so many ways!  Lately I've been thinking that one of my main goals going forward is to live in such a way that I'm less likely to have regrets (that is feel terrible about things I could reasonably have changed).  Not drinking is certainly an aid in that goal.  I also love the story of the gas station - I would have thought that the universe was giving me a sign as well.  Finally I note that it was also about 7 years before I stopped last summer that after a year of sobriety I went back out.  "A slow downward spiral" is a great way to describe those 7 years.  Glad you're here!
