-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40zbxo/tired_of_making_myself_sick/

  Today I awoke to the all too familiar feeling of a pounding headache and the chills that tend to come with consuming nearly two whole bottles of wine the night before. As a 120lb 5'1" female two bottles of wine is far beyond too much. I pick up my phone to check the time; it's dead. Left unplugged next to my pillow as I passed out the night before. I crawl out of bed feeling like I had just climbed out of my own grave and stagger to the bathroom. Suddenly the nausea hits. I manage to keep myself from vomiting. I look in the mirror and notice that I had failed to remove my makeup. The carefully applied eyeliner and mascara had been smeared from my puffy eyes far beyond its original place. My dark circles look darker today lips more chapped. This is the face of my addiction one smeared with tears and makeup. .  Today is another sick day another day of misery and guilt for my foolishness. I take my place on the couch with my throw blanket and my aqua colored Gatorade. I'm thirsty but can only take small sips in order to not upset my sensitive stomach. Thankfully I didn't vomit this time..  I've done this six or so times since turning 21 last July. Usually with some kind of vodka or rum. I've struggled with social anxiety my entire life and alcohol has become the remedy to that problem. The fear and sadness is gone when I have my drinks. I tend to visit this subreddit after my incidences but am usually too much of a coward to post. I will 'behave' for a while and then wake up again with the same familiar headache. It's time for me to work on my problems. Perhaps sharing my experience will help.
----------immediate responses--------

Recognizing that there may be some sort of issue is a really good thing. Sometimes it takes people 'til they're living under a bridge before the light goes on. ;-)
Could it help for starters to research or brainstorm about strategies for managing social anxiety? Many people have it. Some people find ways to manage it besides by getting plastered. Lucky them! : ) Maybe think of which situations trigger your anxiety. Do you have to be or participate in that situation to begin with? If yes then how can you make it better? That doesn't always mean trying to  'act normal' or pretend you have no anxiety either. .Embrace your quirks. They can endear you to people. : )
 this exact thing used to happen to me a couple times a year then once every few months once a month once a week etc etc no matter how hard I tried to moderate... I could always recover from the immediate problems: hydrate my body plug in my phone get some rest and go back to work tomorrow. but there was a massive underlying problem that I kept denying: *I am an alcoholic. I cannot drink like normal people.*..I see so much of myself in this post and want to cry. I'm 33 -  if only I could've seen the warning signs at your age the way that you're seeing them now. you're already showing such strength and maturity by posting here. I'm really proud of you. about the social anxiety some things that work for me are: meditation journaling writing out and rehearsing small-talk questions and answers having a "safe buddy" when I'm around unfamiliar people/places. ..one day I woke up and decided it was time to stop the painful cycle. this sub was here for me. I hope that if you're ever ready to make a change you can come here and feel supported. you deserve a happy healthy life. 
I was you. I am 5' and was drinking 2 pints of 100proof rum a day I have been there many times. Bucket next to the couch comfy blanket eating ice cubes small sips of water to not puke again eventually doing the BRAT diet to eat again and feel okay. All so I can do this to myself again. I drank to combat social anxiety and get over the threshold of my home. I also drank to go to sleep. At some point I started drinking when I woke up to combat feeling crappy from the night before and then it turned into an all day thing. Anyway I am 2 weeks sober now I have no problem going outside and I am sleeping better. My anxiety has gone down (unfortunately so has my health) I am going to a therapist for underlying issues and learning how to cope with things better. I hope you decide to get sober and see how in comparison without booze life is better especially before you damage your organs. Sorry not trying to scare you but I wish I quit the first night I had to use a bucket...High five for sharing &amp; I hope you feel better!!
Welcome /u/mentalmalady to /r/stopdrinking -- I feel your pain even as a reminder after quite a few years it still hurts.  I was able to stop drinking and get sober by doing the things I describe [at this link to a post called the Baby Steps.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you.
Man this post really hits home for me. You described it perfectly. If there was one thing I needed to read today this was it. It's good that you wrote this down when you have a few days or a week of sobriety behind you you're going to want alcohol again and this will be a good reminder of why you decided to stop drinking. Stay with us and fight the good fight :) It has to get easier. I'm a 21 yr old girl and also struggle with social anxiety so feel free to chat with me if you're feeling alone!
/u/mentalmalady I used to just read and not post but I started posting at "I will not drink today" and I checked in everyday. I think it has helped. And I also like this post about stopping an urge https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40fdyz/sunday_solutions_halts_cravings_before_they_start/
The amazing thing about alcohol is that it almost works. I too suffer with anxiety and I believed for 35 years that drinking made it better. It is only since I stopped drinking that I realise that it was in fact the complete opposite.  Alcohol stripped away my self esteem and confidence filled me with shame disgust and self-loathing and increased my anxiety.  AA helped me when I failed many times trying on my own. Well done for sharing it can only help.
My mother is 65 and a functioning alcoholic. She is 5'1" 120lb. She drinks 2 to 3 bottles of cheap white wine every night and has for the past 13 years or more. She has always drank. My step father got clean and left her in 1989. She has not dated since. 27 years stubbornly alone. 
I got tired of making myself sick too that's how I ended up here.  I can tell you that when I kept posting and I kept sharing it worked for me.   
