-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40zykp/week_1_thanks_a_ton_sd_it_hasnt_been_easy_but/

My first week has had its ups and downs. Mostly downs if I'll be honest. Reality has crashed into my life and I've been struggling to cope with it...While sober I've realized:.Some of my drinking friends are shitty people and I need to distance myself from them..The people in my life who are happy about me quitting are the ones worth connecting with..I need to keep myself distracted in the evening because I get woefully depressed at night especially if I'm lonely..I get these feelings because I feel unloved and insignificant even though that isn't true..I've been using alcohol to cope with these feelings instead of directly confronting them..Quitting the drink has been challenging but not without reward. My skin and general appearance is looking better for instance!..I want to thank this community for all the wonderful suggestions stories comments and epithets that I've read and used to help me stay sober and remind myself how worth it this journey is...It's been a struggle and my mind has wandered into dark places at times. I have this voice that keeps trying to convince me of why I should say fuck it and go buy a bottle. "See? You CAN make it without alcohol now what's the harm in having a little now and then?" or "What's the point of dealing with all the bullshit life throws at you when you can get cozy with a drink and ignore it instead?"..I keep reminding myself of why I'm doing this and it's a lot easier when I have a community to be involved with on a daily basis that can remind me why listening to that voice will eventually doom me. It's becoming easier to fight this voice with all this support. Again thanks a TON **/stopdrinking**!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I keep reminding myself of why I'm doing this and it's a lot easier when I have a community to be involved with on a daily basis that can remind me why listening to that voice will eventually doom me...A thousand times yes. I've been astounded at what a great resource this sub has been. With prior experiences on various other sobriety/recovery forums I had my doubts. But this one has kept my thoughts on track when they want to stray and lead me back to drinking...Congrats on Week 1!
Congratulations on one week! 'One day at a time' might seem superficial from some angles but it's been such a helpful strategy for me on my journey. Here's wishing you many more little daily victories all strung together.
Great job! I have one week as well. I've been mostly up this week but battling headaches and migraines. But can feel the negativity start creeping in. But like you said I'm reminding myself why I'm doing this. And I know balance will come. I hope the same for you my friend. 
Well done I gonna come on here until I croak it!
Thank YOU for being here!
I agree 100%. This place has been the difference for me this time. On several occasions my drinking brain started to persuade me to give up but I come on here and read posts from people on day 1 or 2 and all the regret and remorse they feel and I'm snapped back to reality. I don't want to go through that again.  Great job on 1 week!  Keep it going with me!
Day 5 up in here! My psoriasis itches less every day. Past attempts of abstaining for a week or two have failed to clear it up at all but something is different this time. I try to focus on the future as much as possible. New doors WILL open. Hang in there and congrats on a week.
Not an alcoholic but when I quit smoking I found out really quickly that a lot of people want to drag you down.  Misery loves company as they say.  A guy called me his best friend but instigated the end of 3 separate quitting attempts.  Had to stop hanging out with him but I'm better off without!  Keep the bad influences away!
Thanks for being here /u/TheGrayMatters -- you help by posting and inspiring others.
I'm just realizing what a fantastic resource this is.  I've been on for a while but this time around my head and willingness are right to be sober each day.
Recognizing that voice and listening to a higher voice in your head will keep you sober..I havenot heard the voice but once in my time here and all the knowledge and support from SD helped me tell it to fuck off.
Congratulations on your first week! Keep going you got this!
