-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4115gz/in_pain_working_to_fight_it_off_but_fuck_i_just/

Hey everyone...I have been in and out of recovery for a very long time. 10 years or so. I was court ordered into rehab for almost all of it. I was sober on my own for about 10 months (while on the run from probation) and was doing really well but had to turn myself in... Went to jail and relapsed--never made it back to feeling so motivated to recover....I was in a very unhealthy relationship for a long time (last year and half) and it finally just ended. I love this girl with all of my heart but we were so sick together. I'm glad we're both getting space to get better as individuals....Our breakup prompted me to get my shit together and stop being a piece of shit. Finally... and it's been 10 days that I've been completely clean. I had been drinking 3-4 days per week (not too heavily but getting drunk 1-2 nights) and smoking weed every other day for about a year. ...My past addictions were to amphetamines so alcohol and marijuana didn't seem to be that bad... and it wasn't the amounts I used but the person I became in life that really sucked.......Anyways here I am alone lonely missing this person I wanted to marry -- I know our relationship was fucked up but I have been in constant pain since we broke up.....I started seeing a therapist and going to a weekly DBT group... and I've been meditating 3 times a day for an hour total... being mindful of my breath throughout the day. This practice has helped A LOT. But I still find myself breaking down and crying and feeling so fucking hurt.....I am proud that I've faced such emotional pain sober but I am getting tired... I just want to smoke or drink and feel good. But I don't want to "give up" and be the guy I used to be. The guy that RAN from everything... I won't be him....I don't know what I'm even asking right now. I guess just for support. If anyone out there has been through this or is going through it drop me a line... What do you do to keep going in the face of feeling like shit--and when that feeling returns stronger throughout the day?
----------immediate responses--------

Support?  You got it!  That's what we're here for.in my experience crying was good for me.  Alcohol dulled my pain for so long that I think it was healthy to let it out.  As for facing the shit it's hard I won't lie but alcohol always made it worse for me and added more shit to the pile.  It did get easier  though as time passed.  You're doing great although it might not feel like it now.  Keep posting!
I support you! For me those hard emotions just came back worse after I drank and then got sober again. You're experiencing the growing pains of emotional growth but you **can** get through it sober I promise. I'm helping my mom through breast cancer at the moment and being sober lets me make the best choices for both her and myself. You can take care of yourself so much better in a hard time when you stay sober and getting through this experience will make the next hard time easier to handle. I believe in you.
Also at 10 days in my emotions were all over the map and I wasn't even grieving a relationship. Your emotions really will eventually even out if you give yourself sustained time sober.
