-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/411jls/im_life_annie_is_life_bothering_you_fight_back/

I'm so happy to have found this site. The posts have been helpful after reading only a few so far. I appreciate the authenticity and thoughtfulness of the community. ..In short today is day 5 of no alcohol for me and I wanted to both share and say thank you. .Grief issues past and present stressful job anxieties of weighty student loans; the usual for many people. Drinking wine every evening has definitely become a hard-wired escape for my brain. .I'm not sure how long I will abstain entirely but so far I'm feeling victorious when I choose daily not to drink. Evenings after work are hard. Yet it's helping for me to capitalize on the victorious feeling and the satisfaction of taking care of my health self relationships. .After a few evenings of "doing nothingness" (watching tv to distract myself) I'm developing a self dialogue that's part humor part "oh shit" this is hard and part encouraging self-love. Oh and gratefulness of course. ..This is a go-to Bridesmaids clip I've watched on many an occasion and includes the quote at the top of the post. Rallying to to fight for my "shitty" life! Haha..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZtEj8Gw7gk..Thanks for reading. Best wishes to everyone struggling...
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you and thanks for sharing that clip--it really helps as I'm too frequently inclined to be like Annie!
Great clip thanks for sharing both that and your experiences it sounds like you're doing awesome. Also you've inspired me to rewatch the whole movie tonight.  Cheers!
Congrats!  Wine at Night was my pattern also.  There's a great book that helps me - "The Power of Habit".  I found that that there are real and scientific reasons for patterns and the response to cues.  I found if I did the same "pattern" but tried to not have wine I was not successful.  I had to replace the pattern and it got wired in.  One thing was creating a pattern of going to meetings.  I went to meetings morning noon and night my first 90 days (134 meetings).  Now I have a pattern.  I go to a noon meeting if possible and definitely a night meeting when my previous pattern was to drink at night.  I've got friends and support AND I rarely even THINK about. Drink.  Wow.  Never thought that would happens!  Go for it!
[deleted]
