-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/411khm/i_did_it/

Well friends today was my strongest urge to date. The entire day felt like an emotional rollercoaster and not the fun kind. Last night I had a dream that a masked man came into my bedroom and held a gun to me. I woke myself right up and my heart was pounding like crazy. Couldn't really fall back asleep so I woke up cranky. Phone bill came in an extra 50 dollars because I wasn't paying attention to my minutes. Fuck. Then came a few other small insignificant annoyances and BAM I wanted to drink. I had decided the entire world was against me and fuck that. I wanted a big ol' glass of rum and coke. I instead came here and whined about my sad little heart. I sat on the floor and stared at the wall arguing with myself. I paced around. I felt like I had a little angel and devil on my shoulder. Both were very convincing. Eventually I decided that even if I did go buy booze I wouldn't be able to enjoy it as much because I obviously didn't feel like it was the right choice. So instead I drank two energy drinks and danced my ass off. Then I watched a movie and sketched. I dicked around on the computer. I made food. And now over ten hours later from saying "How am I going to make it the next ten hours before I can go to sleep?" I'm getting ready to go to bed and I'm sober as a judge. FEELS GOOD. I did it. And next time I have the worst craving of my life I can say "Hey remember that fucking horrible day where you thought you wouldn't be able to make it and you did? Remember how good you felt about that?" and I can also look back on all the times I DID give in and drink and remember how fucking awful I felt as soon as the alcohol wore off. Anyhow I know I'm rambling but I'd like to think that one day when I've been sober a while I can look back on my old posts and remember what a struggle this all was. .Thanks for all of your support on my earlier post today I seriously don't think I would have made it through the day had it not been for some of your messages. You all inspire me. Goodnight friends :)
----------immediate responses--------

Well done embrace that feeling of pride in yourself for getting through a rough patch.
Fantastic!! Great job!! One day at a time just one day can make all the difference!
Nice job. Hopefully tomorrow will be better.  If not you can remember how you made it through today. Have a great night and wake up feeling awesome tomorrow just like I will :)
Woohoo! Great job!  I too had a frustrating day...I was just overwhelmed and everything felt like it wasn't going right- all really trivial stuff (the post office I drove to was no longer in business I wanted to eat chips and dip and my partner took the whole giant bag with him to work so they were all gone etc ad infinitum).  I said it out loud to a friend and realized it all seemed really ridiculous and it was more a reflection of me just not feeling good right now.  Plus being tired and hungry (great combo).  Anyway I'm rambling too.  I'm glad we both made it through today sober!  
Congrats!  Great Job!  I always remember that I can't change the wind but I can adjust my sails to ride out the storm!
Congrats. I had a tough time too yesterday I like the idea of using it as a memory to help me through next tough time- if I could survive that I'll get through anything! Thanks for sharing.
YES!!!! Amazing accomplishment! Give yourself a huge pat on the back.
