-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/412xst/relapsedagain/

I've been at this for 4 years now and I get a couple months sober then relapse then a couple months relapse. Same pattern. I've done treatment AA SMART exercise meds shrink... just about everything but I can't seem to put any sustained sobriety together. I'm worried that I'm going to lose everything because that's where I'm heading. My wife and I are on the verge of divorce because of this disease and I hate myself. Well I'll go to my AA meeting at noon then again tonight and get back on the beam. No other choice. I'm not giving up. Thanks all....
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I am in the same pattern friend. Gotta just keep trying. The alternative is far worse. 
Just don't give up. You can do this.
Wow. I've been on the same "hamster's wheel" for over 10 years. Did the treatment AA (I have a bag full of chips) shrink meds...I always found a way to justify the drink. Legal problems lost jobs and relationships; got to a point where I was no longer welcome at family gatherings and most of my friends had given up on me. My most recent "bender" lasted almost three years. Woke up last Wed. morning and just decided I had had enough. Somehow it feels different this time. I relish every small victory throughout day and when I want a drink I remind myself of how truly miserable I was. Eight days may not seem like much to some but for me it's huge. I wish you all the best and will keep you in my thoughts today.
Any clues to why your relapsing? just keep on trying.
When you say "meds" does that include Antabuse (disulfiram)?
Right there with you...I've relapsed so more times than I can count.  Meetings meds therapy none of it seems to help much.  I guess we just have to keep at it and it'll eventually stick.
I would suggest that each time you relapse and start again that you try something new/add something into your recovery plan! All of the things you list have worked for some and have not worked for others if you have fully committed to each of those options and they don't work try something new. Never stop trying and take it one day at a time! 
Wow this describes me... I would joke with my AA friends that no one is totally worthless they can always serve as a bad example!! ;-)..Something someone said got to me. I kept trying to do this "my" way when my best thinking got me here. I can't rely on that thinking to get me out...I had to start doing things another way. My program wasn't working but maybe "the" program whatever that was would work. In a sense I had to shut my brain off and listen to some Good Orderly Direction...This worked for me and I had 10 years without a drink! Until I decided that I didn't need to do anything for my sobriety. I took it for granted...Keep plugging away everytime you make an attempt you are growing!!..Peace
This sounds like my old pattern. I hated it. It was exhausting. I felt hopeless. I had to increase my recovery supports and learn skills to manage cravings. It's possible and quite simple but damn hard. I wish you the best!!!
I have been in &amp; out most of my 20's. I felt miserable. My thoughts are with you. I just hope you will find it to set your brain to the right wavelength. Putting in action what I was told rather then acting according on my own helped me a lot. I realized that I a am not strong enough to bend the rules that prevail around me.
Hang in there /u/realestateattorney18 -- when I relapsed I went back to [the beginning.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
That's a great attitude! Keep trying don't give up. You can do this!
"I am hurt but I am not slain; .I'll lay me down and bleed a while .Then I'll rise and fight again."..Hang in there. 
Thanks everyone. It really helps. I did take Antabuse but I would just stop taking it. I suppose if I took it every day that I would not drink but it doesn't help the insides. I tried Campral but it didn't do anything. i'm a fairly smart guy - lawyer by day. But this disease is just irrational in my brain. I did have a pretty long stretch of sobriety when I was really into AA and was hanging out with a lot of the fellows. But I always hit a brick wall with the God/HP thing. Then I start slacking off on meetings then the slippery slope begins. I don't want to lose everything to get sober but I'm worried that may be the only way I "get it." I'm also incredibly impulsive. Like yesterday I had no plan to drink but I just made up my mind right on the spot and that was it. Didn't call anyone nothing. I was just on auto-pilot. 
Hope is what keeps alot of people sober. If you have 1 day sobriety you have hope. When you lose hope you hit the bottle for comfort thus hope  goes away. Then you start walking down into the pit.
I commend your courage. Keep fighting. 
Relapsing is one thing but giving up entirely is where you never want to be. If you fuck up you can always stand back up and fight again.
Thank you all again. I went to a noontime meeting and shared what happened. Got a lot of strong support at the meeting. Sometimes I bash AA in my head but today I really needed it and was grateful for the meeting. I feel much better now hopeful that I will keep pushing forward and never give up. I will hit my usual Friday night meeting and of course tomorrow is another day. Plus the Pats are on!
It's good that you aren't giving up. But I don't think being sober is being on the balance beam. I think drinking is getting on the balance beam. Being not drinking is like being on solid ground to me. If I made sobriety as some sort of challenging balancing act and I believed it was hard then it would be hard. If I thought being a drinker was the difficult path then being a non-drinker would be the easy path. I've seen many people say it gets easier. And for me it did get easier. I'm really feel like I'm on solid ground. I'm not on a beam. Trying to balance substance abuse and life would be like being on a balance beam during an earthquake to me.
I know you said that you had a shrink but have you had a therapist too? Because some problems take a lot longer to resolve than some pills and a bi-yearly psych visit or a few meetings here and there.  ..When you say meds have you tried the sinclair method? Naltrexone baclofen etc ?  Those meds help curb cravings and have shown success in the "worst" alcoholics for whom all other methods failed.  
I have been doing the same dance...finally going to outpatient treatment weekly..I am going to make it this time..I can never drink again...if I do I am going to die.
Keep at it. Be patient with yourself. It can happen. Good luck happy Friday. Don't drink today
