-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/413bzd/every_hour_at_home_is_a_struggle/

I don't have much drinking activities I mostly drink at home (drinking mommy) alone. I have no fights with anybody at home but I don't want to have that hazy feeling. Usually I get an urge to drink every few minutes I put water and sparkling water where I usually put the wine. For the longer-time sober folks at what point did you stop thinking about it less? Two weeks? One week?
----------immediate responses--------

I needed to do some serious work before I stopped obsessing. I actually never really had a bad craving after I got sober...it's really weird and I can't explain it...but I had a lot of behaviours that went along with my drinking that needed alteration...I found that after 35 days of inpatient treatment I was less obsessive and had really made some good steps in taking my power back from addiction...So how long does it take? Everyone is different and for me I needed to work to make it so. 
Give yourself a break. Netflix was my friend. So was my bed. Short walks - just hanging on hours as they passed. For me each sober day behind made me wish to keep on until the next. After 7 days this turned into a weekly count. First thing I knew I had done a first 24 hour without craving. Wow. Could I rince &amp; repeat ? I sure could and I am grateful that it worked. I hope you find your beat.
I stopped having the compulsion when I recognized that I'd lost a war I could never have won that control was impossible for me. I know it's not necessarily that way for everybody. 
I drank at home too. Can't really stop being at home the way you can stop going to a bar. So I'm trying to do different things at home than I did when drinking. Often that means not sitting on the couch or in the garage and trying to stay busy...But I'm lazy too so easier said than done...I have a list of chores for the day but sometimes can get stuck doing nothing...which leads to drinking urges.
Thank you all for your responses. I am thinking about the "dog persistence" in not picking up that one of the long time user posted. 
It didn't just *happen* for me. I still obsess occasionally but I really had to take control of my thoughts.  I have no control over what enters my mind but I have control over what I do with it once it's there. Distractions are great. I would make a mental decision to put aside that intrusive desire for a drink just for say 10 minutes while I go wash the dishes. It's still there but I'm not focused on it. When I'm done if it pipes back up I find something else to focus on. I may have had to do this 100 times or more a day sometimes. BUT practice made it easier too. I learned ways that worked for me to put the thought aside even for a little while and eventually I came to view these intrusive thoughts as pests instead of an old friend begging me to go play. ..I also began to see the value in associating an action with a thought that's becoming obsessive. *Woah I've spent 10 minutes ruminating on this and it's only getting worse. Let's go for a walk.*  Or play with the dogs or sort my music. Anything that will take my focus off feeding destructive thoughts.
I also think it is so easy to slip and sometimes it feels exhausting fighting the urge. And I don't even get drunk I just don't want to have my senses impaired and feel hazy. It is still more difficult than I thought.
I looked into the mirror and I still didn't like what I see. I put on my clothes and didn't like how I look. Maybe I should put a mirror and my pants next to where I usually put the wine that should motivate me. 
Cravings were horrible yesterday.  Today much better.  The gym has helped tremendously I'm not even doing much just one body part each time I go not staying all day but my strength has improved.  I have a mini trampoline purchased second hand and jump on that thing for 20-30 min while watching Netflix.  In two short weeks my self esteem is making a comeback.  Hang in there sweetheart you've got this.  (was a drink-alone-wine-mom and that part too the kid part has gotten so much better I'm so thankful.)
