-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/414jal/six_months_six_things_ive_done_to_get_here/

6 months ago I hit rock bottom. I stopped drinking turned my life around and haven't looked back. I've made it through a semester in college thanksgiving my 21st birthday Christmas and new years without drinking. To celebrate my six months I've put together a list of 6 things I have done to stay stopped and further recover from my alcohol addiction...1. I take it one day at a time. This was vital to me making it through days like my 21st birthday...2. Spend an hour a day on SD. I also do the daily check in every morning...3. Dry people Dry places. In order to get sober I had to change a lot of my priorities. If I was still hanging out in college bars I would not be sober today...4. I got medical help for my depression and anxiety . These things were two of the underlying causes of my drinking...5. I dedicate my free time to beneficial activities such as homework music making spending time with family etc...6. I am open with my SO and family about any struggles I am having. I would not be able to do this without their support...Thanks stopdrinking for all the support!.
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic!
Excellent! I can relate a lot to your listed ways of staying sober many of these things are what help me as well. Keep it up =)
A running start on a whole new way of life.
Congrats on 6 months!! This is a great list you made some huge step in there. I am so proud of your achievements they truely are amazing! Happy belated birthday!..High Five!!
Congratulations! 
This is a wonderful post! Thank you for sharing and CONGRATS on 6 months!
awesome! thank you for sharing and congratulations!!
What a great post thanks for sharing what worked for you. Congratulations on six months!
This is a great list-- and I don't say that merely because it's practically identical to my own strategy ;) I'm relieved to know I'm doing the right things...Six months is truly a feat. Very well done!
Congrats on the 6 months!
congrats!
Wow I like your list. I will use it.
Congrats!!
Congratulations on 6 months! I really like your 6 things and going to follow them also!
on SD?
Congrats and great list thanks for sharing!
I am really struggling with nr. 4 at the moment. How did that go for you?
Brilliant.
Congrats! My road to sobriety will involve music-making too. It's always been therapeutic for me and a good way to clear my head. 
This is completely spot on on how to get better. When I hit bottom there was nowhere to go but up. This allowed me to become completely open minded to anything. This allowed me to be open about my issues with most people mainly people that I trust. I share the story. I figured out my underlying issue and it was co-dependency which lead to depression and anxiety. However I have not been able to get medical help with this due to my inability to handle medicine. Getting a therapist and having a sponsor for AA have helped me not cured me. There is no cure. It's one day at a time. Good post.
So young and so very wise! You have a great future ahead of you!
Congratulations on your six months!
