-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/415eys/man_some_days_i_have_thistoday_is_not_one_of_them/

I really really want to cave right now...I woke up in this horrible depressed fog. Posted here trying to be positive.  Slacked off on gym. Taught a class but heart wasn't in it. Got to work and it's just been a shitstorm. ..Went on an errand and am just wresting with myself not to go to liquor store. Hell it wouldn't be the first time I did.....Right now right this second I don't care about my 81 days. I don't care about tomorrow morning. I don't care about anything except numbing this depression...Goddamn I am trying to play the tape forward...I think I understand relapsing a little better today......Fuck this is hard sometimes.
----------immediate responses--------

I got a similar case of the fuck-it's as I was approaching 90 days. I fought through it with meetings and reaching out for support (like you're doing here) and I'm so frigging happy I didn't drink! Nothing changes if nothing changes. 
If I don't go to the gym on a schedule and keep it up doesn't take long for me to start feeling down.  Hope you feel better.
I use booze to numb my depression too but it's just not worth it!  You will grow stronger for going another day not using alcohol to self medicate it's just throwing fuel on the flames of depression.  Stay strong friend you can do it.  
The good news is that a lot of us relapse so that you don't have to. I've never taken a chip past 90 days. Now I'm back at that 80+ day point I can't think of a reason that relapsing again would assist me in my journey to sobriety or in life in general. Does that mean I'm golden? That life should be perfect? No. I hang onto my ass and I'm not picking up today. Or I can pick up a drink again and do this whole fucking process one more time. Or not. This could well be my last recovery so I'm going to hang onto it for dear life. 
[deleted]
&gt;Goddamn I am trying to play the tape forward...My tape always showed me ending up having my drinking go crazy and ending up back at stopdrinking with a 1 behind my name. But that is actually the BEST case scenario. I could imagine things can get much worse.
I've had three life altering events happen to me this week. Two good one bad. The most significant changes in my adult life fell in my lap this week all at the same time. Two reasons where I felt like celebrating with drinks and one huge one where I wanted to get away just for one night until I passed out and not have the anxiety eating me alive. I didn't drink once. I can tell you from my personal week that when times get tough it's so easy to head to the bar or liquor store. The pain was with me but I had to tell myself that pain is a part of the human experience. I rode with it and attacked the reasons I was hurting and let happen to me the things I couldn't change (kinda like the serenity prayer). I've woken up a stronger person every morning. It really is worth it. The regret I see from relapsing on here is enough to make me think if it's really worth it. It isn't. Stay strong brotha. Tell that demon to go fuck itself. That's what it's been doing to us for all these years.
I totally relate to this. And I remember feeling this a lot in the first 90 days. That is when I focused on getting through the next 5 minutes vs one day at a time. I know you can do this. You posted here instead of going out which is awesome. I sometimes allowed myself to have a pity party and feel sorry for myself and angry and all of those things. I had to get those emotions out. So I ate comfort food bitched about everything and had to my dogs. How are you feeling now?
I feel you. I feel crazy depressed like I'm on some sort of horrible depression drug but I'm sober. The only thing I could do today was make it to a meeting and meet with my sponsor. Now I'm back home in bed with a box full of eclairs on SD. It's kind of crazy but at least I'm not drinking. Play the tape eat some food go to sleep whatever it takes you've got this we both do. 
Right here with you man I was feeling same was a few days ago and reading one your posts really helped get me through it. One day at a time my friend.
Hi there i am sitting on the train home from meeting my friends or some kind of that at a bar. I am going home early because my depression kicked in. I felt so lonely and lost and boring and dead and being sober is like putting a spotlight on and a frame around my depression. I really dont know how to help you or me or make it all better but reading about you having depression makes me feel not so lonely anymore. This sucks so much.
Yeah it's hard but when you beat it another day you're a little stronger when you relapse and go down that road again it's not good at all but we're all human.
Threw my 2 weeks away last night feel sick now head is spinning. It wasn't worth it dude. 
I have had these depression before maybe like you said try to play the tape forward and imagine two scenarios: if you drink and if you non drink how you may feel tomorrow. Stay strong you have been cheering us all on.
I remember saying to a group once something along the lines of "you know when you just wake up in a bad mood or sad?" and the group was like no what the fuck...Not really a point but I can relate. I am basically posting in unison with you because I am staring at the clock waiting for the stores to close but we've got this
Wonder what's going on this week.  I was rather depressed in pockets and the cravings and rationalizations have been omnipresent the past two days.  I have a girl coming in town to stay with me that I've dated in the past.  Should be great but I've found that dates are a huge trigger for me.  I know I could manage a few this weekend but that would set me down the same bad path again.  Add that to the fact that being too drunk has cost me quite a few relationships and it makes for an emotional mess.  One day at a time.  Any suggestions are appreciated on coping.  
I had a similar night. Came home and put on my music. I was thinking about alcohol - less about going out at the moment though that was there but more about 'why?' etc... I was laying down listening to music for a good 2.5 hours. Over that time I realized I'd likely be doing the same if I were drinking - except then I'd be drunk and doing nothing more but making problems for myself. Eventually I snapped out of this and ended up reading an awesome book for a couple of hours. The night will end with me sober in bed and no headache in the morning - I missed out on nothing by not drinking but gained quite a bit. ..Wishing you strength. 
How are you doing? Sending you strength.
