-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/415wii/really_struggling/

The start of the weekend used to mean I was probably going to drink from the time I get home Friday afternoon until Sunday night. I know my body is really hurting from this binge drinking that I seem to be so good at. I never like the way I feel when I'm in a constant state of inebriation. I'm trying so hard to stay sober! I find during the week is slightly easier because I'm pretty busy. I just have so many hours that I find myself painfully counting. Trying to figure how to fill the time. I'm really struggling right now. Idle hands and an insatiable thirst of an alcoholic. First time I have called myself that... 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry i'm new to this subject and don't mean to offend anyone. Nor do i know much about this. But my first thought were alcohol free beer and occupying time by gaming/movie/visit family through the weekend then contact a professional on Monday. Good thing you've realized it and i wish you good luck!
I don't know if you're into this but there are a bunch of movies that deal with alcohol. I find that they can be super uncomfortable to watch but can also be a great reminder of why we quit and help to pass the time. I recently watched Smashed and Lipstick and Liquor (a documentary) both about women alcoholics. ..Regardless of what else you do stay strong you are doing something amazing for yourself and everyone here is proud of you!  
Dude honestly do something with your hands. Cross stitch and movies works for me.
Hey good luck...please stay strong...I am in the same boat...weekends are very tough.
I am finding the exact same thing right now... the weekends are rough. During the week I didn't drink a ton. I'm not sure what my plan is either but I'm sitting here drinking seltzer water and juice and browsing reddit to pass the time. I wrote down a list of why I want to quit drinking last night and that helped maintain my focus. Hang in there! 
I feel like this is the first and one of the hardest bridges to get over in early sobriety. I had to take the time that I filled with booze and find something else to do. Instead of looking at it as not being able to drink try to see it as being able to do tons of new things. There's gotta be something you've always wanted to learn nows the time. I personally started working out but I know thats not for everyone. Stay strong my friend. 
Gotta get yourself something lined up for weekends to take your mind off it.
Nice work checking in here. You obviously want to do the right thing for yourself...Just spending some time browsing the posts here has been really helpful for keeping me on the right track when the urges hit. 
Missmorris625 I can relate with you about being busy during the week therefore it's easier to abstain from alcohol.  As I was driving home from work today I was thinking about alcohol.  I know that I will survive tonight and this weekend. I prefer the sober energic me over drunken regretful me.  Have a restful evening.
