-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/415yl5/4_days/

Had quite a run in with my drinking problem over the previous weekend... I've had struggles with drinking in the past... A couple big ones... I always tamed it back but it gradually increased as it does for everyone.. All of last week i wanted to drink everyday.. And did for the most part... This last Monday i snuck off and bought a pint of Jager after work.. My wife works nights.. So i decided to sip it down after work all night.. Throw the bottle and receipt out.. Put my kid to bed and call it a night.. Yeah.. I was being a pretty shitty parent. Needless to say the old lady caught me.. Kicked me out for 2 days.. Asked me to come back and we are working on things. This is the first time i admitted i am an alcoholic and i decided its time to give the sauce up. Today i had a slight case of the "fuckits" on my way home.. Thinking about stopping for a beer and a few shots (usually 3 doubles of jager.. Plus a 32oz beer) but after 15 mins of silent deliberation while i drove.. I said fuck it to the "fuckits" went home... Threw on some sweats and went for a mile run. And it felt great! Cooked a healthy dinner and now I'm watching toons with my kid.. First Friday in about 3 years.. And it feels fucking great. Heres a glass of water to 4 days... 1 day at a time
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!!!!   Awesome!!!
This is huge! Those 'fuckit' moments can be unbelievably powerful. Enjoy your evening and a hangover-free Saturday morning!!
So you fucked off the fuckit's fucking good on you.
Awesome to hear. That silent deliberation is an intense battle. Good work!
I'm at the same point as you and tonight I had the perfect opportunity to drink wife and kids gone for a couple hours. I said fuck it and took a drive to the liquor store but for some reason I thought about all the support and stories from SD and went around the block and back home. Glad to know someone is dealing with similar issues best of luck to you and congrats on tonight.
That is amazing. ( not the kicked out part but the family time in 3 years!!)
