-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/416gm6/trouble_in_the_6_months_18_months_range/

I would like to hear experiences about SD folk experiencing acute turmoil during the 6mo - 18mo period.  I.e. been sober for a while yet still having trouble "adjusting" to the world.  (It is funny that when someone is happy we call them "well adjusted" -- adjusted to what?  Life you can't experience it peacefully automatically we need to adjust our selves adjust our expectations etc to be at peace; isn't that odd?)..I'm not having trouble with urges or wanting to drink but life seems so hard to deal with compared to when I was self-medicating every night.  I had more friends I was the life of the party and I buried my emotions by being a workaholic during the day and a drinker at night...Now I'm facing life head on and serious demons from childhood popped out and its been a struggle.  I feel like shit.   I am seeing high quality doctors very good ones and we're trying everything different meds exercise routines meeting new people ugh...When does the madness end?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that you're struggling. That is some hard stuff that comes up when the numbing goes away. ..Somatic therapy has helped me heal from childhood traumas and get to a healthier place. Nothing before this really helped; I tried medication (prescribed and otherwise) cognitive behavioral therapy hospitalization...Check out Peter Levine and Bessel van der Kolk -- both have 30+ years of experience working with people who have suffered all types of trauma of different magnitudes.  .
[deleted]
From what I've heard and my own personal experiences this period is pretty universally rough. The shiny "new" feeling of sobriety has worn off almost all pink clouds have long since popped and that realization that "Shit. This is my life." sinks in. I've found it a perfect opportunity for me to start actually putting effort into making my life better instead of just "talking the talk." For me each day is more about working towards living the life that I want instead of "solely not drinking" like early early sobriety was. I make a conscious decision every morning to take away drinking as even an option and then my day is left open to bettering myself. It's tough and often not fun but so far it's provided to be **so** rewarding.
