-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/416hut/11_months_today_and_it_is_starting_to_sink_in/

When I hit six months it felt like it's been two years. Now it is hitting me that I am approaching the one year. And it is finally feeling like it has been worth the work. I have struggled with life but I am on the cusp of something special. Keeping my priorities straight and working towards becoming a better person has required patience and I am picky impatient. Either way 11 months today I'm pretty proud.
----------immediate responses--------

You've put in the work and you deserve the rewards! Fantastic job on 11 months. 
I'm proud of you too; congrats!
That's amazing. Very well done!
May I forever stay five days behind! Congrats. It has felt like a year for like six months now will be crazy when it's finally here. 
That is awesome!   Congratulations on your 11 months!
Well alright!!  I will try to follow in your footsteps.  Drinking sucks.
Strong work! Congratulations!
Congrats man. Its a great feeling and i wish you luck in sticking with it for years to come. 
I'm looking forward to where you are! Heartfelt congratulations and keep on trucking!
I'm proud of you man!
Nice job! I'm proud of you stranger! :-) 
This is encouraging. Thank you! And congratulations!
Good work! Looking forward to that feeling.  It's no easy feat! 
It was a strange sensation to actually realize that the rest of my life is out there unplanned and waiting for me to create it for the first time in my life. Before it felt like I was leading the life I was given but I have so much more hope and freedom and happiness now. I have no problem owning up to my own shortcomings now rather than making excuses blaming others or flat out lying. Don't get me wrong I still struggle and catch myself doing that shit but I do my best to correct myself. I don't know I just feel better being me when it's my better self speaking rather than trying to protect or serve my ego.
You're the man.
You should be. This is big stuff. 
Way to Go!
Congrats on 11 months.  
Congrats! Keep going! You are an inspiration to us all  
And you should be proud! Nice to be truly present and accountable in life. Kudos and all the best!
Excellent; proud of you too! 
Brilliant you should be proud major achievement.
Congratulations on your 11 months!! I'm so pleased for you. It's great to hear things are going so well.  
Congrats!!
Well done you!! And thank you for the post it gives me hope :)
