-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/418ssv/avoided_a_relapse_yesterday/

Yesterday I went shopping at a different supermarket. I'd managed to get out of my routine of going shopping before alcohol sales started but there was a test offer advertised for avocados at this other place and I love both avocados and a bargain! ..Unfortunately it turns out this place has the alcohol right by the checkouts and there was a long queue. I should have got our of there really as soon as that alcoholic voice kicked in. I ended up rushing over and grabbing 2 x 4 packs of beer at the last minute. ..I got home opened one and stared at it for a good long while and it was like my sober self was fighting a battle with my alcoholic one. It's amazing the level that side of me can go to telling me I could have one beer then pour the rest away that I could handle it now. Thankfully this time sober me won and I went and poured that beer away as well as the other 7. I didn't really enjoy my evening after that and ended up going to sleep quite early. ..I guess the lesson learned is that I still need to avoid putting myself in that kind of situation because there's no telling when the alcoholic mindset will take over. ..One positive is that today was a great day. I woke up early went for hike in the hills saw Star Wars at the cinema and now I'm sitting outside watching the sun set as the snow comes down feeling pleased with myself and glad to be alive. ..Have a great and sober say everybody!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go!!
A similar thing happened to me yesterday but for some reason I didn't drink it was almost like a spiritual experience like yours... ......
Nice one! I think I wouldn't have been as strong as you once I commit to buying beers. Your star is one day closer now.
Wow I'm inspired by your fortitude...I would've had to have reset my badge today if that had been me. I suppose that's a reminder to not take sobriety for granted and of course watch my ass.
Congratulations. That's awesome!
