-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41906t/after_a_year_of_trying_to_stay_sober_for_30_days/

Hey SD.. ..Today I am at 30 days of sobriety. Something that I set as a "goal" for over a year ago because I felt like I was drinking too much and wanted to see what it would be like. Well over that year I failed over and over again to not drink and it really made me understand how much of a problem my drinking was and how worse it would probably get if I allowed it to continue going forward. .. ..I think one reason I struggled so much this last year to not drink was because a big part of me was still in denial I had a problem. Sure I was on this sub I read and identified with so many of the posts and deep down knew I had a problem but then I would try (and fail) to have just one more night of drinking responsibly to prove I was okay and could control it. I read all those posts about moderation is not an option for 99% of us and I thought well hey surely I can do it right? Wrong. .. ..What helped me achieve the 30 days I currently have where I failed so many times in the past is I think I just ran out of ways to trick myself into thinking that I can drink responsibly the way "normal" people do. I remember around my 2nd or 3rd weekend I was at the store and saw somebody with a 6-pack leaving and I thought "Man I had a long week I did good work surely I deserve this right? A 6-pack would be fine I will be okay." But then I knew a 6-pack wouldn't be enough. I would buy a 12 pack. Drink until I pass out and then go and buy more the next morning and spend all day Saturday & Sunday drinking. Even last night I thought to myself "tomorrow will be 30 days I did it that means I can drink again. It is a 3-day weekend so I can get 3 full days of drinking in before Monday". It was a quick thought that I quickly buried but after it happened it just went to show me that I am not cured of anything and continuing to not drink really is the best option by far for me... ..One thing I love seeing in posts are the benefits people see when they quit drinking so here are a few positive changes I have noticed... ..* SLEEP! Seriously I wouldn't trade anything for the feeling of waking up with a full night of rest.* Regular gym schedule. Fitness is important to me and I lost that while drinking. Got back into running and sticking to a schedule. Already lost a few pounds and hopefully more to follow.* Weekends feel 100x longer it's fantastic.* Feel less hopeless. I forgot to touch on this above but drinking made me depressed as hell and after so many days of waking up and hating myself and my life I knew SOMETHING had to change. There are things in my life I need to work on and improve but I knew I couldn't start any of these changes if I spent all my free time drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations. 
Feeling less hopeless is such an amazing feeling!  I am so happy for you and hope to join you at the 30 day mark soon. 
Congratulations.  When I did my 30-day challenge in October (knowing I was planning to stop totally in January) I got through the end of Day 30 without a problem.  But that night I went out for the first time after work with colleagues (I've worked at this place for almost 3 years) and wanted to fit in (because I have social anxiety and wanted to be able to talk like a normal person).  I ordered a tequila and then another...but because I had to drive 20 miles home I held it to that.  It made me clearly see how quickly I would fall back into my 5-6-7 drinks a night which I promptly did by mid-November.  Other than the sleep I resonate with the rest of your positive changes...and I'm heading out on a 9-mile hike with my pup pretty soon.
great job! lifes good :)
You're doing good.Stay on your path..This sounded a bit like my story early on.I had 90 days down easy... Kept thinking I was cured.  lol
Kudos!  You're a STAR!!
Way to go!!! I can't wait to get my star. You rock!!
Congrats man! 
Congrats!  Thanks for leaving some footprints for us to follow!
congrats.
Great post! I think that feeling of hopelessness fueled my drinking.  I didn't really care about the consequences. Moderation was never something I could do. Why drink if your not going to get drunk or at the very least  a buzz. Then one day with a serious hangover  enough was enough..Best to you!  Stay strong 
Congratulations abcdog105!! I really can relate to your post. The lies I used to tell myself in order to facilitate my drinking still astounds me. It's when I started to question my reasoning when things just started to fall into place I began to recognise my pattern of behaviour and (after a brief argument with myself haa!) turn it around!! Like you I've had many relapses but with each one a little more clarity was gained...I'm really pleased for you! You have a great mindset and it's so great that you are seeing so many positive changes!! Nice one   
Fuck yeah dude that's fantastic super proud of you.  
Drinking just erases days out of our life doesn't it. Erases weekends erases some weekdays just poof gone.
Great post! Sometimes I've thought "Well it's the weekend I will have to drink" and then start planning where we will go (which bar or restaurant). At the end of the month we are going out to dinner at a nice restaurant to celebrate some family birthdays and I was thinking about which wine I could have etc. because it will be close to my 30day mark. It feels odd to plan for when I get to have alcohol  again but I can't help myself. Probably because I'm an alcoholic!..I feel sad about never drinking alcohol again. But right now I just pledge to not drink TODAY and hope that it will get easier. .
Good job making it through the holidays sober.  Started on the hardest part.
Good job.. What's your next goal? 
I agree with you abcdog105; drinking = depression and then I would drink more and feel even more depressed.  I made it to 30 days once and then I slacked off .... I so regret doing that after all the hard work.  So this time I'm aiming for 1 day at a time for a looooong time.  Congratulations on 30 days and all the benefits!
I can totally relate to this. I spent a really long time sort of half ass cutting down because I would downplay my problem and think I could just drink a little. After reading lots of other folks stories it helped me to understand that every alcoholic has their own story and struggle. Personally my mind loves to tell me that I am just being dramatic and my problem isn't real...Here's what I learned in regards to these doubts: There is always someone worse off than you but it doesn't for a second take away from the reality of your own struggle with alcoholism. When the "I don't have a problem" thoughts slip into my mind  I think back instead about all the things that I have fucked up and opportunities I've missed relationships I've ruined stupid decision I've made etc.. because of drinking. It helps me to realize that my problem is my own it has and will continue to  and it motivates me to stick it out and stay sober.
I keep relapsing myself so congrats. Monday i will be dealing with the withdrawals and starting again keep up the good work my friend. 
Congratulations! I am so glad you are feeling better after 30 days of sobriety. Feeling less hopeless wow that is a great feeling when it finally lifts. 
Congratulations - keep coming back here and I'll be OK.
Great job! You were persistent and kept trying and you achieved it. Keep up the persistence! 
