-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41dto0/how_do_you_do_random_without_booz/

I'm comfortably sober at 41 days but just struggling a little with the need for 'randomness' if you know what I mean. In the past I would be a good responsible person during work home duties etc. then mix things up in evenings and weekends with booz. It served that need for a bit of chaotic energy. By Monday I would have had too much and be ready for towing the line again being that responsible person. It was a roller coaster but things sort of balanced out. I quit drinking when booz started becoming the norm the routine i.e. drinking every evening drinking too much and frankly it got pretty boring too it stopped giving that random feeling that we all need sometimes. So how do you stay sober and serve that need? I can come up with some ideas like going running or playing with my dog or dancing to wild music. Just like to hear what others do. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I took a look at the [I'm bored](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored) wiki page when I started and tried some of those out. One of my big concerns was losing the inspiration to play music and write. I like to drum but it seems I only really do it when I'm hammered. I've worked on playing sober and it's been a great outlet for my creative and physical energy. I'm into fitness too so I've started a new regime which includes HIIT and long distance running...I'm definitely curious to see what other people are doing too. We've got to put this excess energy to good use :) Great work on 41 days
Spontaneity can definitely take a backseat for a while especially if it was tied to people and places that were also boozing it up. For me there was a definite social aspect to it. It was just doing something random but doing random things *with other people*. That's been the real tough one for me. The other thing is what I call "blowing out the pipes" that urge to just let everything go and really push it past the limit. Exercise can get much of the building tension away but it doesn't deal with the random social aspect very well. Sorry no answers but I am still looking.
I got out and paddled in a semi frozen river last week. Congrats on 41 days!
Sadly I can't help I don't think. I've always been random when sober but when I drink I just turn into some sullen gloomy pretentious prick! haha.But some suggestions - .1.Regular exercise might help. Hardcore exercise that really wrecks you (like hiking) makes you a bit loopy in my experience. .2.Maybe join an Improv comedy group for a few sessions..3.Do different things every day just little things to begin with - such as driving a route to work or school or whatever that you've never taken before. You'll be surprised how much this helps your creativity. Try it. Change around all your furniture. If you usually take your broken car to the mechanic try looking up how to fix it yourself and then give it a shot. Stuff like that.  .4. This might be contentious but I'd also say - be competitive with your 'randomness' try to be the most random fun guy in the room within reason though don't be annoying. 'Showing off' is underrated. lol.And most of all - surround yourself with funny random people - it's a win win - you get to hang out with awesome people AND some of it can rub off on you too! :).I've got to say it again number 3 is actually amazing in terms of how it helps you be more creative/inventive.. 
&gt;going running or playing with my dog or dancing to wild music...I do a lot of the above and in addition I've also started walking everywhere meditating (this helps big time with the nervous energy) reading books on addiction psychology healing etc and engaging in some serious self-care/love. Attending AA has also been helpful to see how other sober adults do it. 
Lack of quality 'random' is one of the main reasons I want to get sober. Random to me was actually never random it was always fundamentally the same- go for a couple drinks end up not stopping drinking eat a pile of crap food pass out wake up sick with hangover wait a couple days repeat. The sameness of it all got downright depressing and I have realized when I look back on my life I don't want to say I missed out on life and experiences because I was too busy sitting in the same bars with the same people drinking the same beer and getting the same hangovers...Randomness to me means getting to now experience all the things I have never been able to really put together because I was too drunk- learning another foreign language getting back to some of my art camping kayaking long distance biking multi-day hiking with a goal to do the Appalachian Trail and PCT one day planning more global travel volunteering seeing whether I want a new career some day. This is what I really want in life and none if it is possible if I remain drunk and complacent. These are the kinds of random adventures I really want in my life and this is my motivation to give up the drink.
More coffee turn up some music
You can just go do fun things you don't need intoxicants to explore. In fact I found it easier to just go do stuff once I got sober. Things cost less I had more savings I wasn't hungover I didn't have to worry about making stupid drunk decisions or about driving drunk...My life has slowed down a lot since I got sober but I think a big part of that is age. I do find camping is a great weekend hobby for me a big change and a great way to decompress. It's also relatively inexpensive and it's much easier to enjoy it sober. 
