-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41ehc4/yet_another_reset_but_somehow_its_different/

I got 2 weeks into sobriety again when I had the brilliant idea that I should pick up a 6-pack yesterday. It was strange because there wasn't really any thought process behind it. I just decided out of nowhere and then there was no further debate. I did hesitate for a moment when I was in line at the store but that didn't last long...I got about 3 and a half beers in when I realized something: I don't like drinking anymore. It used to make me happy. Well I used to think it made me happy. And it did in a way because it helped me hide from all the stuff that happened as a kid that led me to drinking in the first place. It gave me some relief from the constant feelings of guilt self-judgement and the anxiety that went with those feelings.  But it doesn't do that anymore. I don't know what happened but for some reason it's just not hitting that switch in my brain anymore. When I relapsed over the holidays I had a similar feeling that something was different but now it was crystal clear...As I was poured out the remaining 2 and a half beers it was clear to me that I just don't like being intoxicated anymore. I had no problems pouring out the remaining beers - something that would have been unthinkable not too long ago. I just wanted to be sober again and have that clarity of mind. I felt very uncomfortable being buzzed and I even have a mild hangover today. I can feel a slight physical compulsion to drink but the emotional pull is gone. Hopefully for good. I feel like my relationship with alcohol has changed fundamentally. Since I have 20 years of drinking behind me some of those years with a serious physical addiction I'll have to keep my guard up so that my alcoholic brain doesn't try to spin this into an excuse to drink. I'm sure that I could get myself physically addicted again in short order even if it's not scratching the emotional itch anymore...But I think that yesterday was a turning point. I don't think I can ever look at booze the same way again. It's never going to be my saviour again like it used to be. I think this is partially because I've started therapy in the last couple of months and now that I understand why I do the things I do alcohol doesn't seem to hold the same power anymore. I never realized how warped my view of myself and the world around me really was. I was delusional both in how I saw myself and how I saw others around me. I've gotten a taste of what a normal well-adjusted life could be like. And that's what I want now. Not the hazy shadow of a life that I suffered through before. I want the real thing and I'm going to keep working towards that. I regret not getting help for this sooner. I'm 40 so I hopefully still have many years ahead of me. I'll make the best of those years. I know that the battle isn't over but alcohol abuse has no place in my life anymore...
----------immediate responses--------

I got sober at 41 and have had many sober years. Therapy was helpful to me also as were AA meetings. Kudos for coming back and posting!
i hope you find sobriety forever. Might try Al-Anon to learn to have boundaries. There are lots of benefits to being able to set them especially if you have friends and family who prefer the "old you".
Thanks a lot. This is great to read and consider. Good luck. 
Good for you. One day at a time!!  Keep coming back... :)
I had a similar experience and I poured out a nearly full bottle of vodka down the kitchen sink -- something I've never done all the many times I've tried to quit before. Feels different this time and thank god for this subreddit. Kudos to you and to your many good days ahead! 
