-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41eo2x/a_fresh_start/

I didn't drink everyday but sometimes like 2 days in a row. Most of the time it has been 2-3 times a week often alone in my home. Anyway in start of November I decided I would stop drinking for a while because I was on SSRI medication which made the hangovers unbearable. I didn't think I would have any problem with this but I only lasted 10 days I think before I had some alcohol again. Feeling completely destroyed again....So then I decided to take this as seriously as if I was a full-time alcoholic so I discovered this sub and started again in December. I managed 2 weeks and then I relapsed again a couple of days before Christmas. But after that I was sober all over Christmas and New years eve. for 25 weeks this time. I was with my family so it was easier to be sober then. But as soon as I got home again I immediately got a lot of beers and went home to consume it. While I was drunk I called an old friend of mine who lives 2 hours away to come and party with me. Anyway he came the day after and that week we did some heavy drinking for a couple of days then he left. After that I did drink by myself for one more day.That week I didnt work out at all or did any homework for uni. ..Last week at least I worked out monday and thursday but I also did drink tuesday friday and saturday.. I am thinking of joining smart maybe tomorrow. I just want to be healthy and focus on my workout! Anyway this day is good my lucky number is 17 so it is a great milestone and easy to remember. I will not drink today and tomorrow Im goin to the gym!
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. My doctor said SSRI's don't work when combined with alcohol so that was one of many motivations to stop drinking. A therapist and involvement in AA helped me stay stopped. 
I am so glad you are here! There are many reasons people stop drinking and taking psychiatric medication is definitely one. I found my meds and mental health improved greatly with sobriety. Best wishes and keep us posted!
&gt;I was with my family so it was easier to be sober then. But as soon as I got home again I immediately got a lot of beers and went home to consume it...I can relate so much to this.  For years and years I would be able to string together a few days or weeks of "dry time" bc the situation called for it or bc I was willing for whatever reason (quick weight loss being around parents work obligations etc.)...I was finally willing to stop no matter WHAT the circumstances and that made all the difference. WILLINGNESS. And acceptance that the way I drank was simply not OK.  ..Best to you glad you are here friend!
I will not drink TODAY with you!!
[removed]
