-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41f4cw/returning_again/

Hi Everyone ..I'm writing this because I have had to reset my badge three times since I joined r/stopdrinking. This last time I relapsed a month and a half ago and I didn't even bother messaging the moderators for a reset because I thought I would not even bother trying anymore. I haven't posted here in the past and I think my alcoholic mind has a way of rewriting history to make it seem like things weren't that bad. Therefore I need accountability and a set reminder why I want to stop in the form of a post immediately after a bender. I know in the haze of a hangover claiming to quit is disingenuous but I've had enough. I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired. ..A little background on my case. I'm currently 22 almost 23. I've been drinking since about age 14 but not seriously drinking until about 18. At this age my best friend was killed in an accident and I wasn't there for him at the time. I felt like I couldn't talk to anyone about this so I dealt by drinking. From about age 18-21 I was having a minimum of 5 a day. Let me be clear minimum! That is to say some days might be ten or more. ..I've somehow managed to keep it together. This past summer I finished my undergraduate degree and graduated with high distinction. But because I was either drunk or hungover half the time I didn't apply for more schooling and got stuck into the daily grind of working a job I felt was beneath me. This is when it started to become more serious 10 or more a day. ..Then I had an insight that this wasn't normal and I couldn't go on like this. So this fall I joined stopped drinking and managed to get 45 days under my badge. Then at a party I wondered can't I just have one drink? I did request a badge reset the next day but within a week was drinking every day again. ..I recently hit a wall. This new years I was drinking so heavily I had an attack of atrial fibrillation and had to be shocked out of a racing heart beat. This health scare is the end of the line for me and my drinking. I cannot continue or I think I might die. For many people this was their first insight into the fact that I have a problem. I hide it well and to many I'm seemingly outwardly successful. But the shame and humiliation of this is too much to bare. ..For anyone else on the fence I assure you there is no rockstar glamour in feeling the need to dump copious amounts of poison down their throats just to feel normal and functional (I say this because I play in a band). There is only misery anxiety insecurity and the lies that propagate this lifestyle. I know that given my history many of you may be skeptical of my efforts. But I'm confident and determined to utilize this resource. I read your stories in my early recovery and it helped me get through those early days the first time. I see the dynamic of this community and I hope to engender your support. Begin day 1..-Vegard
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome back. I couldn't stay sober without lots of support. Being in a band must make it very difficult. A therapist and participation in a support group made it easier and more fun to be sober. Others with long-term sobriety gave hope and guidance. I hope you'll stay in touch. 
Now I've grasped I cannot have just one it's making it easier to be sober just start again good luck.
Welcome back. I tried hundreds of times before it stuck. I just had to keep trying and adding supports. For lots of us quitting is incredibly difficult. But we are worth it :)..No matter what lets keep at it.
Can I ask about your afib? Did it happen during the drinking or the next day? ..I've got 8 months under my belt for a very similar reason. ..Stay strong homie. 
