-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41ip7d/1_week_and_5lbs_down/

Just wanted to tell someone as I'm not generally making much of a fuss or generally talking about my stopping drinking in my personal life (as the people around me don't *quite* understand what a problem it is/was for me.....But I've been a WHOLE WEEK SOBER!!! And.. I've lost 5lbs on weight!! Yes I've been watching what I'm eating but not nearly to the point where I'd lose 5lbs! ..Just wanted to share. To all the new starters I promise you when you reach little milestones and start to see tiny changes in areas that you have wished to see them in for what seems like forever.. it is SO WORTH every little struggle in those first few days. ..I will not drink today. Join me! :)
----------immediate responses--------

On  my 7th day and I could not have said it better. Congrats !
Congrats!!  I'm in!!
Congrats to you!  I will join you in not drinking today!
Congratulations :) I'm trying to work on my health as well now that I'm in recovery. It's a wonderful feeling.
Congratulations! Just staring this journey - truly appreciate the motivation!
Day 7 for me too. Haven't weighed myself but I know I FEEL so much better. Up early with a clear head wow!  Congrats to you - I'll join you in NOT drinking today.
I figure I was consuming literally 1000 calories a day from my wine habit. The weight simply melted off that first month it was amazing.
high five!!!
Good job! I know I've lost some weight as well. I've also been back to exercising regularly. It's not hard to exercise regularly when you don't have to consider when you'll be drinking how much what if I work out earlier so I can still drink etc. I'm giving myself a month before I weigh myself but I'm sure the results will be good. I actually weighed myself measured my waist did a skin fold and took a few pictures so i have a better idea of what an impact drinking has had. I'm confident I'm moving in the right direction.  
[deleted]
**AWESOME**
Im in! Congrats on one week.
Congrats!!! Last year when I quit for 3 months I lost 20 lbs.  wish I stuck to it....I will not drink today.......
Congrats.  I'm on day 2 and will definitely join you today in not drinking.
YEA! It is exciting!.
/highfive..I too have already noticed changes in my body. I'll join you today not drinking.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I dropped 45lbs in the first 4 months.  Booze has a shit ton of calories..
That's awesome congratulations. I'm at a week again (my Viking's put a stop to a good run I had going). But I've come to accept that for every misstep I make I am determined to get back on the wagon the next day. No matter how many times it takes. I'm starting to see the possibility of a life I've never dreamed of.
Excellent! I was surprised at the physical changes I noticed in the first week. I lost just a little over 7 pounds in the first week. I can't wait to see where we are at a month from now. :)
I will not drink today!
My weight was a major factor in quitting drinking. I started tracking my calories on My Fitness Pal and realized I would drink my entire days worth of calories in craft beer every night. Tried switching to wine holy shit 1400 calories in one (big) bottle of wine. WTF? Since I quit last new years I've lost 50 pounds and I can't even get close to gaining any weight back even when I'm eating like crazy. 
No weight loss for me! &lt; Sad Face!! &gt;
Congrats on ONE WHOLE WEEK!!! Doesn't it feel great? I have lost 14lbs in 11 days. I'm sure it's mostly water weight but who cares? The bloating in my face and body is greatly reduced and my clothes are fitting better. I was a heavy wine drinker and I marvel at the huge volumes of sugar I was pouring into my body...You are so right about the milestones. Everyday I find myself doing something I've either never done sober or haven't done in a long time. I am very aware of each one...Thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today!
I've been noticing a struggle since eight months back. It explains my 25lb gain. I couldn't even manage today sober. Your excitement makes me excited to try harder tomorrow...congrats on your one week!
Awesome! Day 18 here almost 9lbs lighter. I only started watching my food intake 5 days ago. And I am not drinking today even though it was a crap day. Plus i was un-invited from 2 parties in 12 hours as I am not drinking ATM!!   
I fell off this weekend. It is good to know that weight will just melt off.
