-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41kger/anyone_else_just_exhausted_by_this_whole_thing/

for a few weeks now i've been feeling just like exhausted by the recovery process. i feel like i've been trapped for so many years first by the drinking (which was horrible and i'm so glad that's not a daily struggle right now) but now by i feel trapped all this other stuff i have to do. i'm someone with a high amount of social anxiety so doing stuff like seeing a therapist going to AA calling my sponsor etc. require an enormous amount of mental and emotional energy for me to do. i feel so drained by the constant thinking about how i should be doing these things and then have the anxiety i get from the entire experience plus insane guilt when i don't follow through. it's exhausting. right now i just want some freedom from it and to be able to live just as i am and not have to try so damn hard. sure it's only one day at a time but it's also every. single. day. has anyone else felt this way and what did you do about it? i don't want to drink but i'm worried that this feeling like i want to escape from the recovery process is not good. i feel like i want a mental break and just to be happy and carefree for awhile but i don't know how to do that. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right here with you. Similar day count too...wonder if that has something to do with it........I'm kind of feeling you on the whole "every. single. day." thing. Like I just want a day or two off enjoy a day off from work have a couple of drinks while I watch TV that kind of thing. I mean hell I made it almost 3 months *obviously* I can do this if I focus hard right? ..The scary thing is that is actually what is going though my head these last couple of days....but down that path lies madness I think....based on what dozens of others who felt similarly have said...I think we just have to power though this....
I hear you.  I get "Grouped Out" after months and months of navel gazing and examining my every thought impulse and action. A good mental break for me are activities that get me out of my own head and a focus on something else.  Actually responding to posts on this sub helps because I'm thinking about other people and not myself.  Volunteer at an animal shelter if you like animals go to some events through meetup.com if that interests you etc.  I think most people feel as you do from time to time.  I could never complete a 90 in 90 because halfway through I'd get exhausted.  There's nothing wrong with a short vacation.IMO. 
I feel this way quite a bit since I suffer from anxiety. I try to find a happy median and balance I know if I put too much on my shoulders it could lead to a relapse. One thing I know for sure is that I was more exhausted when I was drinking and trying to put the pieces together than I am now. Today I'm willing to put in the effort even if I don't want to I know it is key for me to maintain sobriety.
Everything worthwhile will take work and work is exhausting. You've made a huge dent in you're addiction and I feel like you would be throwing all that exhausting hard work away if you gave up. Just imagine having to start all over again. I can say that one day it will click and you'll realize you havent been trying to be sober its just happening. I can't tell you when that will happen but I can say that it's going to. You've been strong enough to make it this far I have faith that you can make it through to the other side. Stay strong my friend. 
Not once but twice I have had Two+ years in.  It has now taken me almost 10-Years to get to the 142-days I currently have.  In the last round I destroyed a marriage almost ran my business into the ground lost a decent relationship with my son as well as lost all of my closest friends...If it were possible to "have ONE day/night off" without my alki-brain kicking back in full force I probably wouldn't be here.  For me if I fail this time I KNOW in my heart that I will die a drunk because I don't think I'd find enough strength for another 'day-1'. ..That's just my two-cents.  Take from it what if anything you will.
I feel exactly the same way: utterly exhausted. But then I remember how life used to be. I was constantly either going to get another bottle of wine or trying to secretly get rid of my empties. I mean constantly! Talk about exhausting! Now I have naps instead and try to make sure I am well rested all the time.
My first Sponsor once said; "AA after the first step is not about getting sober it's about learning how live your life sober"..When I came into recovery my emotions were raw. I had spent years self medicating feelings through alcohol. It took a while to adjust to the normal world. It took a while to talk to people at social events without lubrication. In time I remembered what it was like to actually feel now I can't imagine my life any other way. Sure we all have days (in early sobriety maybe weeks) that we just want our feelings to go away that is natural. ..As I was preparing for a business trip this morning my wife and I were talking about my emotions. It's been a rough year for me employment wise and I stated how nice it was even with turmoil swirling around me to maintain an upbeat positive attitude 90% of the time. She corrected me to 80% until we realized I was talking 12 months and she was talking 18 days. Looking at it the other way in the heat of the battle and drama in my work I have only shown the stress of it all 20% of the time. My program gave me the tools to deal with life on sober tools. .
oh god yes. i'm doing all that stuff and going through a divorce. i am so utterly exhausted exhausted working on myself. i'm exhausted by aa but conversely it's the only thing i currently have the energy to do. I'm praying daily to feel better. I hope you feel better soon as well. 
I feel the same mate just completely worn out from everything. I got no advice i can give all im doing is trying to be patient and trust that it will get easier. ..Just know your not alone with this one. Its certainly helped me to read your post and realise im not the only one feeling this way either so thanks...
You don't have to do all them things all the time but 79 days is such a short time in recovery and temptation is everywhere.
I was like you early on exhausted from all the "work". . .When I asked how long I had to do it my sponsor responded "till you like it" ..If you start thinking of it as saving your life and friendship instead of meetings and phone calls. I guarantee you it will get better. ..The "work" will seem less exhausting and more like relaxation...Anything good takes "work"  
I felt absolutely drained for at least the first 6 months after quittiing- so about twice a long as you are now. It was mainly due to the fact that I couldn't sleep. To go from drinking solidly everyday for 23 years to nothing my body missed the sedative power of alcohol and so I was constantly "wired" and at the same time emotionally exhausted but eventually normal sleep returned and slowly my nerves began to settle...I just had to hang on in there and have faith that it would get better and it did.
