-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41khte/i_want_to_get_gloriously_drunk/

I just passed my three year mark and I've never had an issue with wanting to drink again really but lately all of a sudden I've been having crazy dreams about getting royally drunk. Last night I had a never-ending dream about doing meth (something else that I used to struggle with) followed by a never-ending dream about drinking whisky (my drink of choice). In the dream I kept slamming whiskey after whiskey and I kept waking up half awake half asleep thinking "God damnit I'm giving up on this I've proved to myself I don't have to drink I made it three years I can go drink now and gods be damned if I don't go buy a big bottle of whiskey first thing when I wake up!"..Of course I woke up and was kind of shocked at this horrible night of addiction-riddled dreams. I am not going to go and purchase a big bottle of whiskey or do a bunch of meth. But Jesus Christ those dreams were vivid. I can still taste that chemical taste of meth and that strong whiskey and it's lingering there like I really had it. ..I know I can't drink again so I have to figure out why...* It could be because I've recently moved back home where I have a lot less freedom. I don't drink or do drugs (besides my prescriptions) anymore but when I lived in Colorado I would smoke weed occasionally because it was legal. That was my only "vice" but now I have none...* It could be because I watched *Half Nelson* last night which is a movie with Ryan Gosling as a crack addict. Seeing him smoke that glass pipe and drink his life away really brought back that "I am comforted in my addiction" feelings I remember them they are horrible and false but I remember how comforting they were...* It could be because I've been doing nothing but reading Game of Thrones and everyone is pouring a glass of wine almost every scene. Lol. ..* It could be because in my subconscious I like the *idea* of being a pained alcoholic addiction-fueled artist (I'm a writer). ..* It could be because now that I passed three years **a thousand fucking days for God's sake** I'm wondering if I'm really doing this for life. I have been subconsciously toying with the notion that once I pass "x_amount of time" I will reward myself with drinking again. Which is something I don't want to do...I have to remember the person I was when I drank. I have to remember my life is infinitely better as a teetotaler. I have to remember I would have dangerous sex with anyone including guys when drunk (and I'm a straight guy) I would do heroin or meth I would drive ninety miles an hour with a beer in my cup holster I would do incredibly embarrassing things at the club or bar and regret being so awkward for days afterwards I would wake up with puke all over myself I would smell like an ashtray (almost 60 days free from ciggs!). I have to remember.
----------immediate responses--------

As a newly sober person I admire your thousand days I may not have any credit responding to this post but remembering the bad things that went along with drinking is fine but why not also remember the good times sobriety has given you there must be a lot. Damnit don't throw it all away I can only hope I get to 1000 get through today and good luck
Thank you for this. Incredibly powerful reminders and I can relate to everything you wrote with the exception of the length of time. ..I too will never forget where I came from and the crap I've drank or shot into a vein and how I never want to do any of that again. I find it's really easy to be grateful of all the things I have today when I'm sober and can appreciate them. Every morning I meditate write my gratitudes and exercise. Three things that I had no capacity to do before. I didn't care about myself and certainly no one else...Things are a lot different today. Thanks for helping me stay sober by reminding me of how good I have it today. 
Keep it up man. As someone new on this journey I admire your three years. I know that this will happen to me at some point and seeing others handle it gives me hope.   Stay strong.
I went skiing this last weekend and had some crazy euphoric recall.  All the times I had a flask of whiskey in my ski jacket.  I didn't drink and enjoyed skiing that much more.  Grats on not giving in.
First timer here.  Let me first say that I'm blown away by your 1108 day progress.  Here I am not even on day 1 yet.  Congrats...Keep at it.  I've been struggling with feelings of "It'll be easier to just get drunk than actually try and fix your problems.  Just let the artificial warmth take over you."..
I've seen a few people with long term sobriety go back to drinking. I think part of it may be that drinking again gives renewed meaning to a stagnant (recovery) life. I quit drinking because of the pain from being stuck in an endless cycle that went nowhere. I didn't quit drinking to get sober. I quit to start growing.
I feel you man. I had a 100 day mark after which I could drink again then a year mark and now I'm thinking 1000 days is a good marker after which it'd be ok to drink again...One day at a time. You are not alone.
Remember the Pain!  That can be your rallying cry as you battle those urges. Great post I also have a past of addictive behavior with other things and that "romance" thinking is a sure fire way to fall I think.  When I think of a past love human or chemicalI look at the real love I have in my life now and know that none of that Shit from the past can compare..Just this morning after a nice sale I drove by a gas station where I used to get beer right around the same time of day. It is cold and winters here the thought was there...but I thought of 100 days I thought how relatively easy I got off for my DUI ( about $3000 and three full days in class)' I thought of my wife and how she would be crushed and LEAVE ME I thought of how I have set my theme for the year to be 2016 best year ever and so many other things.  Maybe that will work for you....Now I have another thought to kill the beast when he comes back..."Remember the Pain!"
I hate drunk dreams! It scares me sometimes but I know they are meant to remind us of why we quit.
Great post... I had 5 years and decided I wasn't really an alcoholic.. I was tired of labeling myself as such... So out I went... Back to my old ways...after 15 years of occasional success and enjoyment but mostly failure and pain I am ready to get off the merry-go-round.. Hold on to those 1000 days and go for another 1000... Going back to drinking and addiction is a dead end...
I would say the last 'maybe' is the most accurate. ..Thanks for sharing. 
I don't have much to offer that hasn't already been said but I'm interested in your choice of the word 'gloriously'; it's the reason I clicked on your post...I recognise 'gloriously drunk' as a state I've been in. For me it's gleeful self-destruction recklessness revelling in chaos and embracing folly muffling the voice of your conscience and your concerns to laugh at things that hurt and find beauty in the world burning. It is a response to pain. ..Perhaps it is different for you but from your post it sounds like I might be somewhat on the money. You're feeling constrained you're maybe stagnating a bit in a bit of a rut and not doing much. You're reading/watching characters that you like and who seem to be having grand adventures while maintaining drinking habits. I've been drawn to this a bit recently but those books and shows rarely show or are able to fully convey the negatives of drinking and are biased in that of course their alcoholics also do amazing things and live interesting lives or we wouldn't watch/read. No one wants to watch/read about a person who at night drinks while binging on Netflix and then spends their days doing nothing but resisting the urge to hide under their desk feeling sick. ..I have to remind myself sometimes there's nothing glorious about a alcoholic getting drunk. It's just sad. What is glorious is an alcoholic who keeps fighting who stays sober even when they can't remember why and who is able to reach out for help really consider the way they're thinking and the way they think about the way they consider their thinking and who persists in finding ways to remove the pain not just dull it...Edit: apologies for the length and grandiosity...Edit 2: clarity..Edit 3: Thank you for posting this. You prompted me to really contemplate my recent temptation.
Make it to ten thousand.
&gt;gloriously drunk..There's a lot of things I would descibe my being drunk as and *glorious* isn't one of them! Being numbed to and missing out on the beauty of life. Being unable to form coherent thoughts and sentences. Being a dishevelled state who cared more about my next drink than taking care of myself. Being a slave to my addiction.
Every time I backslide it's because I think I can manage it THIS TIME. It won't happen again. I can control this. What a lie. 22 days in this time and that lesson is in my mind every single day. 
I can't pretend I don't miss a bloody good night out....but it's not just a night out is it? A regular heavy night out for my mates could turn into another lost decade for me. That's an expensive night out and one I'm not prepared to pay for.
You are stronger than me Internet friend. 
[deleted]
Or maybe it was just a dream?
Here's my 2 cents.  It was just a dream.  Drinking dreams are extremely common in the first few years of sobriety.  I've had a bunch.  I think everybody has them.  But I think you should stop asking why you had the dream.  No one knows why we dream what we dream.  Trying to put meaning to your dream is an exercise in futility.  You're sober for a thousand days congratulations on a terrific accomplishment.
I've had a few drinking dreams but they have always been nightmares. I wake up feeling racked with guilt and shame and kicking myself for being so stupid to go and have another drink knowing full well where it would take me. Then I realise that it was just a dream and the sense of relief is enormous. The last time I had one was after foolishly watching "When a man loves a woman" on late night TV and falling asleep mid way...These days I avoid watching films about alcoholism on late night TV....
The vivid nature of your dreams is probably caused because you've stopped smoking weed.
I know many folks who have a very hard time approaching anniversaries. It can be a tough time especially when you reflect. You did the right thing by writing out your feelings. Stay the Course. 
I cannot spend too much time binge watching shows that have characters drinking heavily. I need to take mental space from those books tv shows and movies...I also need to do a lot of work to stay sober! I need to engage in new healthy behaviors to help me grow as a sober individual. When I crave a drink I have to ask myself - what am I not doing?
I tried drinking again after 9 months sober.  I pretty much hate it now.  It doesn't feel good.  How bad must I have felt all the time for that to feel good?  It's gross and unpleasant.  You probably wouldn't like it if you tried it.  If you do give in and try it again prepare yourself to be disappointed - it just won't do what it once did for you sorry.  The upside is if you can see that right away it's less tempting to keep at it.
Maybe quitting cigarettes has amped up the cravings.  Now you do not have weed and you do not have cigarettes.  So without these vices your brain wants some vices back.  ..If this is the case wait it out and in a couple more months this will not be happening anymore...I would intentionally wait it out three more months just to see if my theory is right and it's your withdrawal from the last of your vices prompting your brain to fight for its vices back...Have you read the book "The War of Art" by Stephen Pressfield?  It's a great book and it is about writing. 
I don't know what 1000 days is like but I can relate to random crazy dreams to get over the top messed up. I was browsing reddit the other day surfing people's post histories and ended up on a drug sub for abusing stimulants and just seeing those posts put me in an aroused state and I kept thinking about it for a week. It was scary.
No you don't......I'll spare you the AA stuff.....I'll just tell you how many days I have (1155). Every damn one of them has been better than the misery I inflicted on myself when I drank. It feels good to be apart of the world not isolated and alone. We are all here for you.
If I want to reward myself I go eat sushi or go to a movie or live music. I'll save a couple bucks and go visit a good friend out of state or go camping or hit the beach. I'll go to the zoo or ride my bike or hit the museum. Getting shit fucked out of my mind thenn waking up and dealing with the pain the regret and the withdrawing (hangover) isn't a reward. There's nothing comfortable about being in hell. Just the certianty of where you are. 
&gt;I like the idea of being a pained alcoholic addiction-fueled artist ..I deal with that one sometimes.  I have to recognize it as a childish fantasy.  I did not produce more or better creative work when drinking.  Mostly I got drunk and stared at stuff...What I do today - I sometimes give myself permission to totally fuck off all constructive pursuits and go on a "drunk" - except I don't drink.  I take a breather from the demands I put on myself for a bit.  I don't need to dive back into addiction again to give myself that excuse.  And I think it helps creativity to let off the pressure time and again.
Thank you for sharing all this. It's a good reminder that no matter how long I stay sober the alcohol will always be there... Drinking dreams are the worst. stay strong man.
tomorrow is quad 1s!
