-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41m9a8/relapsed_feeling_depressed/

I had a pretty good streak going but then I messed up badly this weekend with a 2 day bender. I called in sick at work so I can recover today but ended up having some beers by myself. Now I'm not feeling good about myself and my girlfriend is not responding to my texts on top of that. Everything is crashing down at once. ..I don't think just quitting drinking will fix everything in my life. But at the very least I need to stop drinking before I can deal with other issues. I just need to get over this hangover and focus on not drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

 &gt;I just need to get over this hangover and focus on not drinking...I spent years telling myself the exact same thing.  It made so much sense....I just needed to focus harder on not drinking; try more; really mean it this time etc.  For me it was all bullshit and games.  I only really started to get things under control when I gave up and admitted my problems and asked for help.
I hate that "never again" crap that i would say to myself cuz i really meant it at the time.  And the then weeks later I think I'm all better.  Well i never was better.  Just unwilling to accept that i have a problem.  I know now and with each experience i learn a little more.  I think you will be able to focus on your other problems once you start feeling better like you said.  Just hang in there know that you are human take it one day at a time and we are all here for you.
Day counts are great but recovery is not a competition.  Don't batter yourself over it.  No just quitting drinking isn't going to fix all of your problems but it sure as hell will make you better equipped to deal with them (and make them easier to handle).  I picked up in 2012 after SIX FUCKING YEARS.  Sucks but shit happens and I feel like I'm stronger than ever right now.  Good luck to you and best wishes!
I have said it before...Don't think of a relapse as "resetting from zero." You have learned something. You failed and that is bad but you aren't at zero. You are further along than you were when you first quit.
What is your plan of action?
