-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41nb19/so_i_chaired_my_first_aa_meeting_today/

One of the groups I've gone to is a mixed open group and I got to know a number of people in there in my first 30 days. They needed a chair person so I said fuck it I'll chair the meeting!..You may feel nervous and anxious sharing your thoughts with a bunch of strangers but when you've hit the Mariana Trench like I did you just don't give a fuck what people think you spill the beans and tell it like it is...I talked about my suicide attempt in the military getting discharged and spending $4000 over 10 days at high end bars buying people drinks like a socialite getting diagnosed with anxiety and depression and mixing my prescribed 400 MG Seroquil with Jameson whiskey and finally my bender in september where a lot of people thought I jumped off of a bridge and died...It was emotional but holy shit was it the most therapeutic thing I've done in sobriety. Old timers were moved by the story new people thanked me for my honesty and now I feel more confident than ever about keeping the sobriety thing going...It's always going to be a struggle but just remember to take things ONE. DAY. AT. A. TIME!!!..Cheers...-Bro ;)..
----------immediate responses--------

Right on. Sometimes I can't believe the things coming out of my mouth when I share...they're basically strangers and I'm sharing some deep shit. But I've never regretted sharing honestly it is so therapeutic. You are right.
Awesome.  Way to step up!  I didn't chair my first meeting until after my first year.  You're doing great!
AA has given me a lot of intangible benefits too. Chairing got me comfortable talking in front of a large group and organizing my thoughts coherently. Good for you for stepping up!
Great story 
Thanks for posting your story.  I'm new and I find the stories so inspirational in keeping me on track.  I've been on the fence about going to a meeting but I think I will try it.  Thanks!
One of the things in my drinking history that stood out once I quit was the fact that my drinking repeatedly took me to uncomfortable places where I had to jump a few emotional hurdles in order to keep drinking - but I ended up making that leap because drinking was more important than maintaining the standards I had set for myself...Similarly I've discovered in recovery that I need to jump a few uncomfortable emotional hurdles in order to stay sober and keep growing...Sounds like you have also discovered the immense therapeutic benefit of 'getting out of your comfort zone' and doing new things in sobriety...Keep on Growing!
Our first share is often a turning point when we feel like we really belong when the people in the room get to know us when hearing ourselves say it - chases little lingering doubts from the back of our heads.....keep doing
Hooray for chairing! I am so glad you were able to share your story and help yourself and others in the rocess. 
