-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41ojed/i_have_to_admit_it/

I need to make this post to write it down and tell someone that I am an alcoholic. I do not mix well with alcohol I never will and if I don't quit drinking I will hurt myself or someone else. I've given it up for weeks at a time before only to think everything must've been fine until I start drinking again and have a night where I just fuck things up. Bad...I'm an alcoholic and I don't want to drink anymore. I'm going to go to AA for the first time. Today if I find a meeting...edit:..also i have to ask. have any of you ever decided to quit and tell people in your life only to have them try and talk you out of it? im 23 years old living with my mom right now. I was staying over at my dads on sunday night and drank so so much. I dont think he had anything really but the next day after i did the absolute worst stuff ive ever done drunk i told him "dad i think im an alcholic and i dont think i can drink anymore." He tried to talk me out of it and basically gave me the 'quitters always quit' kind of lecture. i've had some struggles with drinking for a while and i finally realize i cant win and that i need to quit but he thinks i should just 'try harder.'..i cant try harder. ive tried harder several times and i mean 'count your drinks' and 'eat before' and i mean just everything. after a couple i have a hard time stopping i turn into a shitty person and i do irresponsible and reckless things. and he told me that i should 'not give up'..haha damn man i still just can't believe it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to this communtiy.  I personally find this site to be extremely helpful. You are not alone.  Congratulations on your first step.  I will not drink with you today.
Hey congrats on finding the courage to share that with us. This is a great group with lots of friendly folks and support. Focus on today and do what you have to do to stay sober. I'm doing what I can too. I will not drink with you today.
Your dad sounds clueless and he values those good times sharing a drink with his son more than his sons health. Wait a few years and see how he acts. Look after yourself bro quit now before it sucks the life out of you. Fuck alcohol
For me the relief I felt just writing it down was a physical experience that I can still recall! I'm glad you are here. I have found all of my AA meetings on the Internet through local "chapters." There are meetings all day long in my area. I have found this reddit to be very helpful and the people to ge very supportive.
My close friend told me that I'm not an alcoholic two or three years ago when I was just starting to figure out that I am.  I think people *really* don't understand alcoholism.  Plus people only see a small part of other people's lives.  My friend for example couldn't see the compulsions and obsessions in my head and didn't know just how much I was drinking alone.  From his perspective I was just getting drunk once a weekend like everyone else he knows.
