-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41psnd/new_here_with_129_days_sobriety/

Wanted to introduce myself as this is probably to me the most important subreddit I have joined so far.   I am a 38 year old touring rock n roll musician and bartender.   I have quit neither of those things "only" given up the booze and cocaine.   Yes I am only 4 months in but as a word of encouragement to anyone struggling or doubting themselves.....If I can do it in these environments anyone can.   I decided to sober up after noticing the repeated cycle throughout my life..1.   Drink like a responsible normal adult for 6-18 months.2.   Drinking and drugging becomes more normal until it is out of control.3.   Completely ruin many great things in my life.4.   Take a month long "break".5.   Repeat 1-4 for the next 20 years...Once I finally got completely angry with myself quitting became easier than I thought.   There has been some rough times but it has been so worth it and it gets easier every day...sidenote:  I do not attend meetings.   I have a wonderful group of friends (some sober some not) who are very supportive and proud..Anyway just wanted to intorduce myself and become a part of the community 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Make sure to get your badge from the sidebar there &gt;..&gt; rock n roll musician and bartender..Oh man you have more booze around you than let's say an accountant. You are very cool if you manage to stay off the drink in these environments. I always love to read about rock musicians who have seen the bottom and now they're sober and rocking hard as ever and continuing to make good music...I also love bartenders who give me "the nod" when I order orange juice or club soda...Rock on brother!
Welcome!!  Great to have you..Keep up the great work!!
Welcome! I was social drinker with a hella cocaine habit for a psshhh 5/6 years? I got married and moved states away and that was that but the drinking became worse. I went from 5 jobs (bartending at a concert venue in Orlando was one of my jobs and my favorite)  and school to a one bedroom apartment no car no friends no nothing. So I drink drank drunk myself for two years to here. I am on day 19 and inbetween jobs atm and was thinking about bartending again (I loved it and didn't drink on the job crazy enough) if you can do it I think I will give it a shot. It might not be for me but there is hope I can do what I love again. Thanks for sharing and congrats on 4 months!..High Five
Thanks so much for this! I'm day one and first time posting. Glad to read that success is possible after so many years been struggling with drinking for about 10 years...also pretty sure that my social circle will include opportunities to drink regularly and have been thinking on how to handle that. 
Rad! Welcome and congrats on the 4 months!
Welcome!! Rock on and join the discussion. You have an interesting perspective. I tended bar as a second job. I doubt I could do it again as I was drunk every damn time and don't think I could tolerate serving drunk ppl. 
ONLY 4 months ;p  That's a hefty number.  Remember how hard day 1-2 was?
Glad you are here. Good luck.
Welcome! Glad to see more of my bartender fam getting sober.
Welcome! There are a bunch of old timers in my AA home group with a lot of sobriety who work around alcohol. As you illustrate maintaining sobriety is possible. 
