-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41qziu/i_start_treatment_tomorrow/

I just found out that I got into a residential treatment program tomorow. Which feels like a minor miracle considering the amount of phone calls and dead ends and "sorry we can't help you without insurance" replies I received. I finally reached out to a friend who's father knows a lot of people in the recovery community and he pulled a few strings for me. I am so grateful and want this so bad. I have had a few stretches of sobriety in the past but have never been to treatment. I know I wasn't ready it's crazy how God works. I am a chronic relapser and trade one substance for the other anything to kill the pain. It's always the same pattern for me. I get to about the 6 month mark and start to get complacent. I have only had one sponsor and that was for the last few months of my longest stretch of sobriety and barely worked the steps. I know I wasn't 100% honest and I was afraid of the unknown and of what people thought of me. I looked at recovery as something I needed to finish and get a passing grade so i could go back to my normal life. It's just that my normal life is insanity to anyone else. I am so preoccupied with how people view me and I let fear and anger control my life so much that they eventually are the things that ruin it. I pray that God helps me to keep a completely open mind and to be wholeheartedly honest in everything I do. I pray for the strength to be myself no matter what people think and stand up and be accountable for my actions. Thank you very much for reading and pray for me as I will for you. I know God has big things planned for me I can feel it pulse through my body I just have to do the work. It all starts tomorrow.Love Always Wins
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Rehab saved my life and opened a door to a world I didn't know existed. Listen. Learn. Laugh. Follow the rules. Hang with people who want to get well. Be honest. Follow discharge recommendations. Give us an update when you get home. Get well!
Congratulations! That is amazing that he helped you with that and found a facility [reaching out](http://imgur.com/4f2Pv3Z) to help you. I am proud of the steps and commitment you are taking. It is inspiring. Hope you find the help you need  for a [successful recovery](http://imgur.com/shXvof8) there...High Five!
You're on the right track :)  Best wishes.
Good luck. Hopefully this will be your time to remember all the pain even at the 6 month mark and not give in to the demons. One day at a time.
Yay! That's fantastic. Keep up the enthusiasm as you go into treatment. 
I can feel your going to put your heart and soul into it with god behind you you have nothing at all to fear.
Good job !!  Let us know when you get out .
This is a big step! Congratulations and good luck. If they let you check in and tell us how its going. Otherwise we'll be here when you get ou!
Good luck!  
It IS crazy how God works isn't it? Good luck with recovery and stay strong.  ..God bless.
You have a ton of good ahead of you my friend good luck!
