-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41sbbd/im_new_here_please_help/

I'm here thanks to some advice from some wonderful people on [askreddit](https.askreddit.com). I'm really struggling tonight. Any words of advice to make this first week/month easier? In addition to sobriety I'm dealing with a breakup. ..Here's my original post from earlier today:.>quoted text Last night. My new boyfriend hadn't called or texted me back in 15 minutes. I bombarded his phone with calls FaceTimes and texts. I concluded my round of crazy by breaking up with him through voicemail. Why? I was certain that he was cheating on me. I vaguely remember our conversation. He was in tears while I bitched. I passed out with a belly full of wine and Benadryl only to awaken to a blinding hangover and a newly single life. Sadly this is the second time I've done this. As God is my witness it will be the last. I'm going to my first AA meeting tonight. I may not get him back but at least I'll get myself back..Edit- I sent him an email apologizing for my behavior and sending him $ for a plane ticket that he'd bought to come see me. He responded by refusing payment and telling me that we both need to move on. Never again will I allow myself to get to this point..Edit #2- thank you kind stranger for the gold. I appreciate the kind words and well-wishes. A blizzard rolled into town this afternoon and the city is on virtual shut down. I'll update tomorrow after my first AA meeting.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi /u/ajw7373. Welcome to /r/stopdrinking.  I'm glad you are here.  Congratulations on Day 1.  Even if you have been on Day 1 before...it is possible to do this...one step at a time.  ..On Day 1 for me I made a decision and I was NOT going to drink that day...no matter what...The thing about Day 1 is...you never need to have another Day 1 if you can make it through just the next 24 hours and tomorrow make the same commitment. Yeah. Sounds easy isn't as easy in action I'm well aware...but there are MANY resources available to people who wish to quit drinking including this subreddit....On Day 5 I posted here and got a badge. (You can do so on the right hand sidebar of your screen. It may take a little bit of time to show up the mods are doing their best.) and I checked in every day....I found it useful to have /r/stopdrinking on my phone app to check in daily read posts..reply when I could and use this as one of my sobriety "tool kit"....Other things I used especially in early days: (This is just what worked for me. Your results may vary...obviously.)..Meetings: Initially I went to 3 to 4 AA or other types of recovery meetings per week. AA is not the only option. A simple Google search should be able to show what is in your area.I see you've already referenced your intentions to check out a meeting.  I hope you let us know how it goes!..Sponsor: I'm a Freethinker/Agnostic...so I have a great sponsor who is not extremely religious she is spiritual but very accepting and open minded. I text to check in with her on a regular basis...initially it was daily. A sponsor isn't a marriage...I had a temporary sponsor for a while until I got to know people and find a good fit..I just needed someone to be accountable to. That first temporary sponsor has since passed away from cancer...but she saved my life and I'm forever grateful....Professional Help: I see my therapist once every other week. I've spoken honestly with my doctors about my alcohol intake and in early recovery I had a full panel of blood work and physical exam done to check for any areas I need to be treated in....Reddit /r/StopDrinking: I read this sub daily and comment and post regularly (not as much these days as life is complicated and crazy but I still try to keep in touch. I'm also subscribed to /r/alcoholism and /r/AlcoholicsAnonymous but neither of those subs work as well as this one for me....Friends and family: My family and my good friends know about my recovery. Initially I only "came out of the wine closet" to my immediate family and closest friends and all were very supportive. Initially especially my friends didn't drink around me in support of my journey to long term sobriety. My husband is supportive of my sobriety but he still drank early on so was alcohol in my house for the first few months. He does not encourage me to drink in any way. When my husband was diagnosed with cancer the first time and was in the hospital for 21 days I had all alcohol removed from my house as I was very vulnerable. If I had my choice I would have cleared out all booze on Day 1. Alcohol is still not allowed in my house no matter what....Phone Contacts:  My phone contact list is now full of names listed as "AA John S." and "AA Jane D" "SD Jane" etc.  I've collected numbers from the women at my meetings mostly and reach out to them if need be....Online Resources:   In addition to SD I also chat in the SD IRC chat (link in sidebar) and have used other website's online chat rooms participating in their online meetings and open chat occasionally if I can't physically get to a meeting and need the "company" of other recovering alkies....My advice: Build your own tool kit whatever that may involve and keep coming back. It can be done!  This is a great place. You can do it.  
Hey there really glad you're here. Did you get to a meeting? I don't do AA myself but I know a lot of people find it works...When I first got sober I watched [this video from Craig Ferguson](https://youtu.be/7ZVWIELHQQY) a lot it really helped me. I also spent a lot of time reading the posts on SD and following links to resources that people have posted. For me it was important to know I wasn't alone and that other people had experience that could help me - information is inspiration in early sobriety...How are things at the moment? What's your plan for the next 24 hours?
I'm new here too and going through somewhat of the same situation. My wife and I are divorcing. She says it is because I drink too much (I own that) and I say it is because I drink too much but we are just not compatible....anyway. Here is how I am looking at it...This is going to be hard. So very very hard. It will challenge me and push me to the edge. But I can make it for me...for the future. And if I can make it through a divorce and sobriety at the same time I can make it through anything. I know it will be tough and I will probably relapse once or twice but I am determined to not be a useless drunk anymore.
