-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41vz7p/dealing_with_depression_while_having_suicidal/

Obviously many of us have used alcohol to deaden the emotions we feel. Anxiety fear depression anger. For most of us we experienced fading or numbing of those negative emotions while drinking just ended up feeling worse afterwards...I've seen in posts here and there from some of our long time members or those with significant sobriety sharing stories of how far down that emotional rabbit hole they were usually in response to a random question or post...So those that have been so far down that suicide seemed like a good idea how did you get out of that? Depression anger anxiety.....all of those I have kind of figured out how to substitute healthier behaviors for. ..But the sense of not wanting to be alive I am having a little trouble with recently. We've had multiple suicides at my AA group in the last month and well it's starting to sound like a very reasonable idea.......I'm not trying to throw a pity party or having a poor me mentality but I've noticed that over the last two weeks while I haven't caved I am caring less and less about staying sober and when my ***knee jerk*** response about hearing about ANOTHER suicide is.....almost jealousy? Envy? Sympathy? Relief that they aren't struggling anymore? That can't be a good thing......If this mindset makes sense to anyone how did you dig yourself out? ..I just feel like right now I don't care but I WANT to care. But if that keeps slipping......I think I can officially say my Pink Cloud has dissipated.......EDIT: I meant for my title to be "Dealing with sobriety while having suicidal thoughts". Oops
----------immediate responses--------

Been there. My brother committed suicide though (about a decade ago) so it's not an option for me because I saw what it can do to a family and community and I couldn't let that happen again to my mom...For me though it's about getting through the present. Like I'm in this moment - can I get through the next 5 seconds? The next? I still feel a sense of hopelessness when I think about the long-run so all I can really do is deal with the present.
Please call 1-800-273-8255 (National Suicide Prevention Lifeline)..Yesterday January 19th is always a very raw day for me.  Both my brother and my father committed suicide in the same way same day just five years apart.  While I have gotten better I still live with so much guilt and excruciating thoughts that very few people can truly understand.  I can tell you that your family would be devastated for years upon years upon years.  And even though I've only 'known' you /u/SoberApok for a few short months it would crush me to not see you here.  Please call that number and talk to someone NOW.  I am genuinely sobbing right now so please do that for me friend.
This is a very brave post. Thanks for your honesty. ..Speak up. Call folks. Tell them what is going on for you. ..Please don't die. 
When I was in High School. Before I even took a sip of booze I felt this way. The bottom of the bottom the low of the low. So I decided that I was going to end it. Weeks earlier I had sat in my room with a pellet gun I got for Christmas and would pull the trigger to hear the click. I sat in my room doing that for an hour with the muzzle of the gun in my mouth under my chin etc.....On this particular day I had enough. I drove home from school went up to my room got the pellet gun out and the pellets and loaded the gun. I sat in the center of my room pumped the gun and when I felt satisfied put it in my mouth...While sitting there with my finger on the trigger I started to think. Those obvious thoughts go through your head what about the people that love you how would they feel blah blah blah. As I sat there I began to think about myself and myself alone. Not caring about how other people felt or would feel but how I FELT...Why did I want to do this? How did I get to this point? As the tears began to roll down my eyes my finger began to twitch that voice in the head "Just do it already" kept whispering. But I sat there and thought. I imagined all the little things I wanted to do and see in life. For the first time in my entire life I was being honest with myself...After a little while I took the gun out of my mouth and unloaded it. I then laid in my bed and cried. At that moment I realized I needed to make a plan something just for ME and ME alone. I needed to careof myself and forget about whatever flying fuck bullshit was going on around me...I started to set little goals for myself. Things that were achievable things I wanted to push myself to get to. I realized that by doing this things started to get better. My mind was coming out of the dark hole that I have found myself in. The key for me was to have one positive thought and act on it. I still have goals I havent reached yet I have goals that come to mind that I write down in my idea book. I may not achieve them today tomorrow or 30 years from now but I know I have to keep pushing on to achieve them. Life can be shit and most of the time it is. But I know when I wake every morning I will do by damn well best to make it my bitch to make it fall to my feet and not vice versa. ../u/SoberApok you were the one that convinced me to stop drinking when I did. If I waited like I was going to I probably would have never have stopped. I am forever grateful of that. I am here for you we are all here for you and whatever venting you need to do I am here to listen. 
Sending positive vibes your way. Remember that this recovery thing is like a roller-coaster. Ups and downs. The longer you stick with it the more ups there are. 
We've hardly been sober anytime at all you've done 20 days more than me our bodies are still adjusting maybe all this time the beer has been covering up all your real problems now all the emotions are coming to the surface the longer you stay sober the better chance you have of sorting it all out maybe you need to tell your doctor don't forget we are always here for you.
Call! Please. They have people who know how to help you. We all think the world of you. Admitting the thought is VERY brave. Now follow through with the squashing of stinking thinking and call please. 
My alcoholism and depression are intertwined.  They feed upon each other until I do something stupid one way or another.  For me I have had to get help for both.  You should be able to get a free assessment done at any mental health agency...I strongly suggest you reach out for help.  It wasn't until I was hospitalized for suicidal thought that I got the help I needed.  It made things much harder in the long run.
&gt; We've had multiple suicides at my AA group in the last month..Dude there is no way that is not going to affect you I think any normal person would feel depressed after witnessing that. Negative thinking and suicides can be contagious as we naturally as humans look to those around us. I would strongly suggest finding support in another environment with a more positive outlook (e.g. a different meeting or pretty much any other support group at this stage). ..I am (you are) not alone none of us are though it's easy to make that mistake in thinking sometimes. We are all inherently valuable as human beings and our relationships with others can give our lives deep meaning. ..As an example. earlier this evening I felt depressed and anxious. I was alone in the house and badly wanted to drink. So what did I do called my buddies up got some pizza. We watched the game I drank copious amounts of soda and lime we shot the shit. Then shortly after the game I got a call from a buddy who got married abroad over the new year and he is over the top happy. We are meeting up friday night. The point of this is that i've gone from being on an emotional low to an emotional high in the space of a few hours. If I surround myself with positivity I find that's contagious too...Stay classy /u/SoberApok sending positive vibes your way.
