-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/421c1h/i_heard_something_profound_at_my_meeting_today/

"If anyone spoke to me the way I speak to myself I'd punch them in the face.  Or I would write them off as a crazy person talking nonsense"...The topic of the meeting was measuring yourself against others striving for that impossible perfection and beating up on yourself when you fail to achieve that perfection....I went today to fortify myself.  I have a child's funeral to attend later today suicide it's going to be brutaly sad....As always the meeting helped me with my immediate struggle.  I feel strong enough to go and stand by my friend who lost his daughter....But I also came out of there with several golden nuggets of wisdom that I can apply to my own life.  I am a better person for devoting that hour to my recovery...Thanks for listening..
----------immediate responses--------

Nice. Thanks for sharing and good luck later today.
I've been working on this personally. Thanks for the quote. I wish you and your friend peace today.
Good stuff!  Being kind to yourself is important especially in recovery.  It's hard at first because most of us are conditioned to be hard on ourselves keep pushing forward don't be a wimp bury your feelings etc.
Thanks for passing that wisdom on. Learning to change the way I think and speak about myself has helped reduce my suicidal thoughts immensely...Thanks for taking care of yourself so you can be there for your friend in his immense loss.
I had someone tell me to try treating myself with the same compassion and understanding that I treat others it was a big eye opener for me. ..Thanks for sharing this.
Great quote I will try to apply this wisdom. I'm very hard on myself like most of us here but not all of it is really fair. I seem to like to kick myself when I'm down that's for sure. 
Thank you for sharing this and blessings to your friend.
Good words. Sorry to hear about your friend. 
This really holds dear to heart. Thank you for sharing. I know you must have had doubts whether to make this story public. I'm glad you did. For what it's worth I am sincerely sorry about your friend. I hope he finds peace one day. Suicide thoughts are unfortunately one of the telltale signs of today's world. We go through life at least once considering the notion. It's those who don't find help or their burdens are just too great to endure that really make me sad. It's important to remember not to judge anyone as we have no measure for other people's suffering. Keep on keeping on SevenSixtyOne.
Similarly i would never say the shit i say to myself to someone else. 
I needed to read/hear this!
I'm only on day 4 and I feel so depressed right now...I'm assuming it's withdrawal....at least I hope 
Amazing post.
Wow this is amazing. Such a simple pivot of perspective but really impactful if put into practice. Thank you for sharing!!
What a great meeting!  Thanks for sharing and I will be kinder to myself today.
Suicide is a terrible thing. My condolences.
Wow.  That statement is so thought provoking.  Thank you for sharing. ..I'm sorry about the loss to suicide.  It is good you are able to be supportive of your grieving friend.  
I once had someone tell me to speak to myself the way I would speak to the person that I love most in the world. I would never talk to my boyfriend or family that way so why is it okay for me to talk to myself that way?
Thanks for this post. I am glad you will found the strength to be there for your friend. Best to you.
you are a  better person for spending that hour on your recovery and especially standing with your friend in his loss of a child!  he will remember that for the  rest of his life.  i thank you for that strong story of survival.
That is a great way to think about it... also I'm sorry for you and your friends loss.
