-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4266pt/day_9_miserable_but_sober/

Wow. I almost drank this morning. Broke down and cried yesterday when my mother called. She insisted I go to my parents' house and relax. I said I couldn't because they have alcohol there. She said they'd lock it up... but they didn't. ..Woke up feeling so so crazy. Absolutely defeated by life and consequences and resentments. Just.. crazy. Smothered by my feelings. Why bother if it's going to be this painful? So I poured some whiskey in a mug climbed back into bed and stared at it. *This will help me get into work. This will dull the blade of memories scraping my brain. This could flip some small happy switch in my brain. A light would come on and the memories and resentments would creep into the shadows.*..No. That's not what will happen. I will just feel drunk and the feelings will come back. I'm on fire and alcohol will heighten the flame...I texted my sponsor. I asked her to give me a reason not to drink. She said only I could do that. She is wise. ..I couldn't come up with a good reason to stay sober. It is hard to do that when you feel utterly defeated and know that staying sober is no guarantee that things will get easier. I don't believe in God but prayed. I pretended I believed in something. I realized if I drank I'd have to lie to my sponsor. I feel like one more relapse will convince her like many people in my life that she needs to walk. And I don't want to reset my badge here. ..I took the mug and walked downstairs poured the whiskey into bathroom sink. Washed the cup and this morning's self of the illusion that drinking will make it better. Got dressed and dragged myself to work. ..I feel exposed and bedraggled and unfortunate and lost but somehow by the grace of Whatever I'm still sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

I heard a psycologist say that alcohol is the medicine for other over lying problems such as ptsd depression or anxeity. Healing those wounds could help
That was a step in the right direction.  Drinking in the am used to be normal for me.  Not every morning but if i was in bad shape.  It would put me in a place where i just didn't care only to realize the next day that i do care and obviously you do too.  Booze is a sneaky deceiving pile of crap and poison.  You did the right thing and you should be proud.  Hold your head up because you did good.  Best of luck to you. 
Every step like that makes you stronger.  It gets better then it gets worse then it gets better and so on and so forth.  I've strung together days where I feel like Superman then the next day I am human waste...Congrats on 8 days.  Hang in there it is worth it.
You can do it!
Great job I don't think I'd have the will power to dump it in that situation.  Would smell so good..I know when I stopped drinking whisky at night I replaced it with different types of tea.  It's a bit of a ritual now.  I boil some singer squeeze some lemon into it and sip it while reading a book writing in my journal or watching TV.  Sometimes I try different teas like throwing in frozen blueberries etc. Also got into carbonated water like Perrier.
Good job holy shit.  Having gotten all the way to the whiskey in the cup and that close to your mouth is amazing to not follow through.  POUR THE REST OF THE BOTTLE AND GET RID OF THE REST NOW.  I  poured  a half a bottle of vodka down the drain the other night.  Not bragging but now if I really want a drink I at least have to be craving it long enough to get up get in the car drive to the store exchange currency drive back and THEN drink.  Help yourself out and get rid of it all.  I'm only day 5 in so I'm not really in a position to give advice but I really think this will help you.  Good luck!
Good for you!!  That was brave!!.I would make some plans for the weekend - things to do without drinking... bookstores art galleries health clubs going for a long walk... I need to keep busy this early on in my current sobriety effort or I'll find myself in that "dead time" where I say "well maybe I could..."  STOP!!!  No I cant!!..You took a big step by pouring out that poison. Don't throw it away. Think of how proud you'll feel Monday!!.You can do this!!
I found the time-frame that you are in to be the worst as far as my mood was concerned. The first few days we pretty good but then the novelty kinda wore off. The 2nd week I had to dig deep. I had headaches and was grumpy all the time. Somehow like you I found a way to stay sober. So happy I did because for me it has gotten way better. I'm hoping it does for you as well...hang in there!
Stay strong...the cravings will subside..
When I feel like that I drag myself to put on some work out clothes and go for a long run or a bike ride. The endorphin rush lasts for a day or three sometimes.  Congrats on not drinking.  I am proud of you.
I needed to read this. Thank you for sharing as I feel the same way right now. I tried not drinking but the past few days I have felt so depressed. I hope that it will get better and knowing someone else is going through this as well makes me feel less alone in my struggles
Please hang onto this experience you had of pouring the whiskey out. this means --you mean business. It will get better but you have to make it through the initial brain re-wiring of the first 30 days. the fog will slowly start liftingand you'll be sleeping better-eating better- feeling better.  The goal is to feel better for now without drinking.One day at a time.You'll feel better.And you whipped this craving ...So feel good ---today--That's all we got is --today..
Yeah it's the turmoil that is also the pits! ..Just keep grinding a while and see where you are in a week!..I'm around a whole lot in the chat too. A browser should take you there from this link.https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/?nick=pick_a_name .
