-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/426q01/the_struggle_is_real_today/

I haven't had any problem all week long really with holding back on drinking but now that I'm home early from work and it's a Friday and the snow storm is about to be upon us ... all I want to do right now is drink. I made myself a carbonated water with lime and bitters as a sort of mocktail. I just wish that my brain still wasn't fixating on my desire to have a beer or glass of wine right now. It would be so damn nice. ..So that's where I am right now.
----------immediate responses--------

Just kick back and watch a movie or partake in some other activity that takes your mind off of drinking...I am working in Asia right now. It's night-time and there's loud club music in the streets below. Can't sleep and I am literally dying to go downstairs to grab a beer at the local convenience store just to knock out...Lurking on SD's been helpful in avoiding that scenario :).
.Yeah one of the classic patterns is "home early on Friday and expect the roads to be a mess tomorrow = 40 hours free". ..Stay warm without the "comfort" style of warm!
That's tough. Maybe a good Netflix movie? Can you exercise at home? Maybe call a friend and share your situation? ..As my therapist says play the tape all the way... meaning how will you feel tomorrow 1)if you drink or 2) if you don't drink... What's the advantage to drinking? None! You'll just feel loust both physically and mentally...You can do this!!  I will not drink with you!!
I had a huge urge yesterday. To the point I was heading to the store. I thought about resetting my badge and not hitting my 10days sober. I thought about all the pain and money drinking has caused me.  I walked my ass back home. Staying busy helped me. 
Same thing here but I'm not giving in this easy. I just keep reading about other people on here and that helps. Good Luck
The first few weeks when I stopped drinking I would have a nice bowl of ice cream most nights. It takes a little while to eat it so I wouldn't think about drinking and the sugar helped me with the urge to drink...Plus who doesn't love a bowl of ice cream!..Good luck. You can make it without drinking today and maybe tomorrow won't be as bad.
