-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42fpvc/successful_sober_weekend/

Hello.  I guess I just wanted to post here because I feel proud of myself but I don't really feel like anyone around me realises how much of a big deal my not drinking is to me...It's kind of my own fault because even though at times I am really struggling I decided to play it cool and act like I'm just breezing along...So when someone jokingly offers me a beer I laugh it off but really it's not that easy.  Or when my mum asks me to hold her wine for a minute my blank face doesn't give away that I am fighting the urge to have "just a sip"....I went camping this weekend and for the first time in my adult life I did not spend my time out in nature obliterating brain cells.  My family all agree that it's good I'm not drinking "at the moment"...Anyway I had an awesome weekend and I hope you all did too.  ..Peace.  ...    ..
----------immediate responses--------

I am so happy and proud of you!! I too am playing it cool and not really showing any outward signs of my struggle.  It's one if the reasons why the badge here is so important. But the way I figure it's my deal anyway. My choice and up to me to stick with it.  I chuckled when you wrote about sipping ur mom's wine. Wine was my choice of poison and a few weeks ago I found myself opening up a bottle for my brother who had stopped by to visit. He wasn't aware of my decision to quit drinking. Popped the cork poured him a glass and handed it to him. He said "You're not having one?" I said "No I am not drinking. " He smiled and asked why. Right why....I said that I was drinking too much and it was time. Then he asked for how long and I said since the end of July and I thought he was going to have a bowel movement lol..My deal you know? My decision  my baby. I am real happy with the decision.  I am happy for both of us friend!
I love camping in the wild but most of the times ended up wasted in my tent half of the time. I can't wait to do that sober! Peace to you.
I wish it was warm enough to camp :(. Congrats on slaying the drinking dragon and stay strong and true to your commitment to yourself on not drinking. It takes courage it takes strength it takes everything you got. In case you haven't heard it in a while YOU ROCK!!..High Five
I am worried about my family's first camping trip.  I am like you when it comes to camping.  Camping = a lot of liquor.  You should be so proud.  It sounds like you had a plan and stuck with it.  I hope I can be as strong as you when our camping season roll around. I will have to plan accordingly.  Congrats. You da bomb!
Congrats on a great weekend!!  Keep it up!!
I was I'm binge watching Nashville there was a Seen where the mom of Juliet gets out of rehab . Juliet takes her mom to an event . Waiter passes the mom a glass of wine. I started yelling at the TV " Just put it down !!! Come on you can do it !! No ...don't drink it please " but she did and I sighed so loud .Im smiling at your strength. btw I can't wait till camping this summer and being sober especially when tending the fire.
Ah camping. I'm terrified of that now. It's winter now but we camp in the summer. The kids LOVE it. I enjoy it but we live in a boring state so it's not like we're in the mountains enjoying hikes and beautiful alpine meadows etc. This all plays into my boredom. I'd love to move to a more interesting area but the kids have so many friends and their school system is REALLY good. Sort of feel trapped honestly. That makes the case against not drinking harder.....
I also made it through the weekend congrats.  It was definitely tough and boring but we did it.  My brother kept joking with me yesterday about drinking whiskey and getting fucked up and I laughed at first then looked him in the eye and said "Look man if I were to listen to recovering alcoholics they would advise me to refrain from being around you so shut the fuck up."  He's my bro so I don't mean talking to him like that but I think he realized it wasn't a joke after that.
I'm proud of you!  Mum can hold her own damn glass of wine.  
