-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42g8d2/there_is_no_bad_situation_that_i_experience_that/

Hello all. I am 41 and have been a daily drinker since I was 17. I have had stints of sobriety some as long as 6 years but seem to find myself back in the bottle again and again..When my marriage dissolved I was a wreck. I lost many "things" then but still had my sobriety. I thought I could manage drinking successfully and wound up losing my friends freedom family relationships and most importantly the ability to see my son regularly. I was devastated and find myself feeling sorry for myself and wanting to escape..I have been relapsing chronically for a few years now and currently I live in my car and have no job..But I know that if I drink today things will undoubtedly get worse. I will live another day without booze and look for the small changes for the good.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 17 days!!  Like you I have been a daily drinker for a long time and I agree with you that alcohol won't make a bad situation better.  Be well!
Sounds like you have the right attitude and things are bound to improve.  Congrats!
Today is a new day!
The changes come quick for me.  I hope they do for you also.  I hope you can mend your fences and spend more time with your son.  Good luck.  17 days is great!  Keep it up.
Stay sober and you WILL come out the other side!
You are so right! Drinking only makes everything worse. I have 14 years of sobriety and thought I had it under control. I started back slowly and could keep off the bottles for weeks at a time then it was only days at a time and then it was every day. This site has helped me so so much. 
Drinking not only makes a bad situation worse...it can make a celebratory situation into a nightmare. I have to remind myself of that. I don't need alcohol to celebrate - it only makes things worse. Nice post - thanks for sharing.
I'm sorry things got so bad but it really is a progressive illness. I've lost a lot to relapse as well but absolutely nothing will get better with alcohol. It can only get worse. I relapse because put conditions on my sobriety. I can choose not to drink and so can you regardless of the circumstances. Imagine how you will be able to inspire people who have no hope with your story! Thank you for refusing to give up today. ..Congratulations. 
With your positive attitude you will get out of this!  The power of positive reinforcement is an amazing thing.  We've all had bad situations to dig out of.  If someone has the will to do it then they will succeed.  Good luck to you!  Hang in there!
Very true...Drinking won't get me a job...Drinking won't pay off my debts...Drinking won't make me a well adjusted and healthy individual...All drinking will do is help me postpone what I should be doing.
That's my mantra these days.... Bad things happen to people all the time no one deserves anything that happens neither good nor bad it's how we respond it's our actions reactions thoughts and beliefs that we can control.  You are impressive life may be at a low point but your not giving up or giving in.  You're still working on your sobriety in some pretty challenging circumstances.  I sincerely applaud you you are not alone thanks for sharing.
you have a great view on all of this that is awesome to hear! good luck man
