-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42hn5l/really_struggling/

I thought I could do moderation.  My mind says "yes you can do it" but deep in my heart something is telling me I can't.  I am currently denying it because I still want to drink.  I want to get to the point where I don't even care about alcohol again.  I want to not even notice it.  Is that possible?..I reset my badge today.  I was only 6 days sober before I started up again.  I cut out the daily drinking (3 or so a day about 25 a week) and got down to maybe 5-10 drinks a week depending on the week.  I pat myself on the back for that but it doesn't seem right.  I told myself "only drink with others" but that's not working.  All I can do is think about drinking when I'm with others.  "If he gets a drink that means I can drink!  Hooray!!!"  Then I'm slyly trying to talk them into getting a drink.  I look forward to the drinking part of the social gathering and really nothing else.  That's not right.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello!   Have you taken the alcohol assessment test on the sidebar to the right?   I found that I could not moderate and that I couldn't have the first drink.   AA has helped me live a happy life.
Hi /u/tracesofstack - I tried to moderate many many times and ultimately found that I could not.  For me my choices were stop drinking or keep drinking myself to death.  ..I can tell you that after 4 months of sobriety while I still occasionally think about drinking that happens less and less often.  What's more when I think of drinking now sometimes I'll feel nauseated or just averse to it.  ..I think my mind will probably always tell me "yes you can do it" from time to time - alcoholism is an insidious disease.  But my heart knows the truth and it's healing.
I was always a social drinker and thought that was OK. And could drink most of my friends under the table. Of course thinking that all was fine since I would bankrupt myself by picking up the check. The "nice" thing to do. When I am honest with myself I never really liked the taste of the Vodka that I was drinking. So many lessons and truths to learn about myself and I am excited by that. A reason to look to the future. Thank you for the post. 
I tried moderation so many times. I told myself I was fine I didn't get withdrawal didn't day drink etc. But I was still getting blackout drunk most nights hiding alcohol lying about it missing work. I suppose like any disease symptoms may vary. It's so easy to think "but I don't [blank]"..I say this a day after nearly destroying my marriage. Moderation has always been a slippery slope back into my old ways. It's sneaky sneaky 
Even the times when I did moderate I didn't enjoy drinking bc I was so preoccupied with whether or when I could have another. Too much anxiety...and for what? ..Anyway get out my brain! Your post sounds really familiar to me. : ) 
A man takes a drink the drink takes a drink the drink takes the man.
Welcome back. I have found that people who don't have a drinking problem don't struggle with moderation... it just doesn't occur to them... Only people with an issue need to try to control things. I know that I need to stop. Period..I hope you find a solution that works for you.
I can relate! Stay strong. I'm struggling myself and I cannot moderate whatsoever. 
This was me as well. Trying to cut back. Slipping downwards each time into my old habits. Hiding my drinking and always watching how much other people drank to "fit" in. I realize now that today I'm not going to drink. Who knows about any other day but today I won't. I can't project in the future and focusing on the daily really helped me.
It was possible for me to get to the point where I don't care about alcohol. I loved drinking and it was part of my life for over 30 years. I found breaking the habit was the answer not running away from my problems or using a drink to solve them. 
