-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42nhet/am_i_seeing_the_right_therapist/

Backgroud: I went to my doctor sometime during my first week to tell her I relapsed and make sure I was out of the woods see had the clinic therapist come in and we had a session. We briefly went over my liver my drinking she said I needed coping skill and gave me referral to my current therapist...I met my my therapist today and it was more or less a new patient go over my paperwork and history. During out little chitchat she said that she "didn't know much about addiction/alcoholism". While going over questions it kept coming back up for example: "how often are you depressed does your personal responsibilities (hygiene) suffer have you lost interest in things you use to enjoy. Well three weeks ago all of those were a yes but now they are all improved and still are." I have only been sober three weeks and detoxing IDK how often I was depressed because I was drunk I shoulda brushed my teeth more but I brush them twice a day for the last three weeks and no I didn't do anything but drink and sit on couch but in the last three weeks I have been doing a lot of stuff I enjoy. I can see how she can help but she herself said she knew nothing and was getting a bit ... i dont know what word to use -unrelatable lack of understand- when I talked about drinking and that is a lot of the reason I thought I was there and was a huge (still is but lack there of) my life. I know my drinking is from underlying issues causing the insomnia anxiety and depression and she can help with those things but I feel like that was/is a huge part of my life recently so we should talk about that too and she clearly was uncomfortable/out of her element (she brought it up a lot then again most of my answers involved it). Also not that I need praise but in the beginning of the session when I brought up how I got to her office (relapse > doctor > therapist> referral) she didn't even acknowledge it which is a little weird I thought. Is it too soon to tell? I have another appointment in two weeks should I just see how that one goes? My therapist who recommended that place is suppose to be rescheduling with me due to the snow storm last week so I can ask her what is going on......I'd appreciate any thoughts you guys have on the matter. I am still going to talk to the clinic's therapist on it but I am assuming some of you have experience with therapy and wanted to get some input. Thanks guys!..
----------immediate responses--------

AA worked for me.  A therapist didn't.   YMMV...I found that people in AA understood me.
&gt;During out little chitchat she said that she "didn't know much about addiction/alcoholism"...that right there would be enough for me to find another therapist. my current therapist is awesome - I actually started seeing her for something totally different (genetic diagnosis that led to acute anxiety) but she has lots of addiction education and experience. she  really helps me weave together all the parts of my life into a really clear and holistic picture. because usually our issues are connected; we don't experience one emotion/problem at a time in a vacuum. I wouldn't be making any progress with my health and anxiety if she didn't understand my pain confusion desire sadness obsession and anger swirling around alcohol. ..I'm not saying therapy is for everyone but if you do choose to try it I *highly* recommend someone with addiction counseling experience. best of luck! 
I have been seeing a therapist that specializes in addiction. Therapy has been very helpful for me and knowing that I am talking to someone who understands addiction somewhat (grew up around it) has helped a lot as well.
The person has to relate to you....I love my life coach.  I found her.  When she speaks she always uses "we" instead of you because of her background.  She has gone thru struggles and goes thru struggles the same as I.  She relates she is kind funny goofy knowledgeable and smart.  Most Importantly I am comfortable with her.  You can shop therapists!  I would try another session but try googling and shopping online.
You could take it at face value. Use the sessions to talk about coping skills and situations in which you succeeded and/or failed to cope. Then think critically about how to relate that info to your life knowing your addiction...OR if it's easy to find a counselor WITH addiction/alcohol experience work on coping skills w that person. That seems like a better option......A lot of people advise "Get into therapy get a conselor" and so on. Good advice. But it can be a bitch to actually make an appointment in a reasonable amount of time with an affordable relatable person. ..
I have some experience with therapists. Have seen them for anxiety and depression issues off and on during my adult life. I have found that my gut was usually right. If you don't "feel it" with this therapist then keep looking till you find the right fit. You will benefit more in the long run. ..
