-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42uddf/i_really_want_a_beer/

Got home from a long day of work. Have tons of assignments to do. All I want is a beer just one beer. I don't know why I feel like this. I haven't had cravings since. I'm still struggling with if  I  can drink in moderation or not. A friend is coming over soon and she knows I'm taking a substance break. I don't know what's up. ...Just need some support. Take it hour by hour. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drink a tea buddy! If you're anything like me 1 will lead to more. Take a pass. Best wishes! 
Hi there just something that I do when I feel that craving is I take a second to remember the reasons I'm not drinking today all the bad things I have done through drink then I think ahead to how good I will feel in the morning if I don't drink right now. Even the strongest feelings generally pass in not too long a time if you catch them early enough. Which you have done so you should feel great about that!!!
I used to swear and curse at my cravings. I found them overwhelming and scary. Once I realized I didn't have to drink the craving would subside. ..Hang in there.
I always try and play the tape forward- I know what will happen if I have "one drink"- pretty soon the wheels will fall off maybe in a week maybe in a month but guaranteed sooner or later. I had to accept that there's no such thing as moderation for me: I never *consciously* set out to drink myself into oblivion. I never actually went to a bar *planning* to get blackout drunk and do terrible things. I never *intended* to drink "immoderately": It's just what happens as soon as that first drink starts getting to work. So what makes me think that by deciding I'm "trying to moderate" this time  anything will be different? Once I accepted this it was a weight off my mind. I also found that eating cake helped with cravings and oranges for the sugar I guess. I went easy on myself.  Hold fast mate the good news is you and me we don't have to drink today if we choose not to.
[deleted]
And when you finish that one beer how many more will you want?..One drink is too many one thousand is never enough...
My cravings pass especially when I play the tape forward and think how it inevitably ends up. That's been the strongest anti-drink for me just the 100% history of going back to an unmanageable life.
"I don't always drink but when I do...It's always too much."  Stay strong my friend. I'm not drinking that beer with you today either.
My friend is here and I offered her a beer to be nice. anything to get rid of the stuff I have in my fridge right? she asked me like 50 times if it was okay with me and it was with her first drink but her second drink is looking more and more delicious. I will be fine with this though. This too shall pass. gonna drink a sparkling water every time I want a drink!
I think if you are struggling with the decision on whether or not you can moderate then you probably can't from my past experiences. It always led me down the same crooked path.
Sometimes having a bit to eat does wonders.  I find when my blood sugar levels drop my cravings for alcohol start screaming.  When I get off work is a prime example.  I feel the crazy need of some liquor until I have some dinner and the demons get quiet.  This is just one piece of the puzzle but an important one.  good luck
Hello there.I know the exact feeling you are experiencing! For me I find that I have to force myself attention into a task that needs to be completed like homework for example. After the initial emotional struggle the craving seems to subside. Usually once the work is complete the craving is gone. Hang in thete!
I have been drinking flavored sparkling water and it has been great.  On nights when I'd normally have 3 beers which is every night of the week I instead have 1 or 2 sparkling waters.  Maybe it's the carbonation or just the act of drinking but it has gotten me through a lot of tough nights.
I'm craving one too today bud and have been going over the same old "one drink won't hurt" in my head. ..Stay strong with me! We can choose not to drink we can choose to go to bed sober tonight and wake up feeling awesome about the choices we made. I'll be taking some of the suggestions here to stay busy...food sounds like a good choice!
if you wanna get sober you can't drink
