-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42v1yn/sponsor_questions/

So at the behest of my rehab aftercare group and my therapist. I have decided to get a sponsor the guy I asked wanted me to call him every day and go to three meetings a week. ..Is this pretty standard? Honestly I'm not struggling with alcohol all that much just social anxiety which is about 1000% better after quitting drinking and that is my main reason for having no desire to drink. I just want to work the program at my own pace and give it a shot as long as my work is making me go. ..How would you go about finding a sponsor that won't make you go to  multiple meetings a week and call him daily?..Is a sponsor really necessary or can I just work the steps on my own?
----------immediate responses--------

A sponsor is necessary to adequately work the steps. I might try to make a compromise with this sponsor. However sponsors usually know what it takes to get well. It sounds like if you have social anxiety making a quick phone call every day and going to a couple of meetings a week might not be such a bad idea. I went to lots of them in early sobriety because they filled empty time especially on the weekends and I met nice people. ..Working the steps was an exercise in self exploration and personal growth. It's not just about not drinking--recovery is more than that. 
it can be done however one wants including telling everyone that's pushing sponsors to back off. I'm not against AA/12 steps because it can help if it's the right fit but there are many options.  If work is making me go and I feel ok doing the minimum requirement then that's all that matters. ..In my experience there was an overwhelming push from the majority of people in meetings that I HAD to do AA a certain way or it won't work. I think that's BS.  I found a very cool therapist who doesn't push me to do things that I'm uncomfortable with and he's also not a fan of what he called "AA nazis". He referred me to several books one of which is by Allen Carr "How to Stop Drinking" which has made the most sense to me.  I don't want to spend the rest of my life in fear of failure or success just waiting for that slip up because I'm not doing the steps. That's just my take on it. ..Edit: removed all the "you"
Sounds pretty normal to me.  If 3 meetings a week sounds like a lot remember how much time you spent drinking.  I find meetings during my lunch break at work are the best time...I get them out of the way and have my evenings free. Also weekend meetings are great...usually lots of people at them. And if they're in the morning that's a time when I usually would have been sleeping off a hangover. It feels good to be out doing something early on the weekend...Calling a sponsor every day is standard. I will admit that it doesn't work for me. My sponsor and I text every day instead. This works for us.  We also meet once a week for an hour to check in...Why not try doing what your sponsor suggests just to see how it goes? If you feel it's too much after you've given it a shot talk to them. ..It sounds like you're doing really well!  If I were you I wouldn't wait until I was feeling less good to do the work. It might be too late. For me staying a step ahead of my tricky alcoholic brain was key.
I honestly don't see an issue with your sponsors request. My first sponsor had me go to 90 meetings in 90 days because he thought I needed it I still credit him with saving my life. 
