-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4300q4/are_you_wondering_if_sobriety_is_worth_the_effort/

I can only share from my own experience strength and hope...  In the beginning maintaining my sobriety was not easy I had to work hard at it every day.  There were constantly interior and exterior barriers standing in my way...Flash forward to today...  I can't imagine my life any other way I don't regret my past anymore because all of it including the drinking built me into the man I am today.  Am I perfect? HA! No not by a long shot.  I am like everyone here a work in progress.  Like the Big Book says I seek progress not perfection.  ..Today I have a 17 year old son who's never seen me drink.  He has learned from my failures and will likely not repeat most of them.  Every night he still comes over before bed and sits next to me for a hug and a quick back rub.  He still likes me and is looking forward to a father son ice fishing trip next week.  ..My 22 year old daughter does not remember my drinking but has learned from my mistakes.  In high school I was her excuse she'd say "I have alcoholism in my family I can't drink" or she'd text me and say call me in 5 minutes and demand that I come home right away.  She didn't drink in high school and minimally in college.  She's always been aware of the "risk".  We exercise together a few times a week either running up a lot of stairs in the winter or long bike rides in the Summer.  She still asks for my advice (or listens to unsolicited advice).  She's also passed on her advice about using dad as an excuse to her brother...My wife likes me (you can love someone and not like them).  She trusts me and doesn't feel the need to worry when I go out.  She even stopped smelling my breath when I got home (took her about 10 years!).  Sure we still argue like any couple but our disagreements wind up in compromise or I give in for the sake of sanity.  We're planning for no kids in the house in the next couple years and looking forward to our future...Since being fired in my first few months of sobriety I found a new career.  I've had 3 jobs in that industry only moving to continue up the management chain.  ..When I first got sober I had to borrow money from my dad to pay off credit card debt on my "business card".  I paid him back within my first year of sobriety.  He once fired me from a business we started together due to my drinking you'd never know it from our great relationship.  ..Every now and then people that know my situation or suspect will ask me for help.  Sometimes for a friend or family member and sometimes for themselves.  I was once at a retreat that the first 24 hours was silent the first thing my roommate said to me after 24 hours of being together and never talking was "I'm an alcoholic and I need help" he was not told of my situation (he has 11 years of sobriety now). Someone reached out to me as recently as last week.  ..My life is great it's not perfect.  Challenges and struggles arrive but I deal with them as they come up.  I don't isolate myself with my problems I talk about them with my wife friends sponsor or whomever.  I was incredibly angry the other day and the President of my company said "we will talk about it tomorrow... I always know you'll calm down in an hour or so".  Why? Because I'm mindful of my reactions to things if I get angry I soon realize that anger will not solve what ever caused it.  Only recently have I feel like I have a solid grip on the 10th step.  Even my wife without knowing the steps recently acknowledged how far I've come when someone complimented me on always being a nice guy.  I still struggle daily with the 11th step.  I can take my will back before I even step in the shower but I'm working on it!..What does this mean to the new person?  It means sobriety works if you work it.  Life gets better if you work it.  Just quitting drinking solves nothing and will rarely lead to long term sobriety.  We need to rejoin society and mindfully live out our lives never forgetting where we came from.  Even people who have never tried a drop of alcohol or drugs have problems and so will you.  It's how you deal with your problems that counts!..Thanks for reading I'll tell before story another day.  Also I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your thoughtful share. I am laid up and can't get to my AA meetings and am really missing them. I needed this today. 
Great share!  Loved the part about the silent retreat.  
I agree that the road to sobriety naturally teaches us to be humble and a "nice person". Great post.  Thank you.
Thank you very much for this post I am very new to sobriety and struggling with temptations every day. You give me hope. I will not drink today not sure about tomorrow but today is what matters to me.
Thank you so much for your honest inspirational share. I am glad that you are there for your family without harming yourself or others and that they can do the same for you. I take comfort in knowing that you were able to repair relationships (and improve upon them!); I hope that I too someday can feel and share the love as much as you do. 
Hearing peoples stories long form are always my favorite. I'd say it's a great story but it's more than that. It's a great life; a life worth living. Far better than my life with booze. Thanks for the share.
Great words of wisdom thank you. Now that my head is starting to clear I'm realizing just how much I have isolated myself. It's time to get back out there. 
Thank you for the inspiration... This is harder than expected and it's nice to know it's definitely worth it in the end. I will not drink today!
Thank you so much for sharing this is truly inspiring!
