-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/430itm/day_75_thoughts/

Struggling. Sad. Tempted (but told the cravings to screw off). DEPRESSED AS FUCK but still present in the moment and able to interact with my children and enjoy SpongeBob on TV. ..I am mostly just happy that I am sober. There are so many benefits to being sober but most of them have already been listed by other people on other threads so I won't bore you guys by listing them again. I had a kind of "ah-ha" moment again this morning as I was on my walk. Of course that walk takes me right past the liquor store as you know but again I wasn't even thinking about that...well...kind of. I glanced at the store but the thought wasn't really about what is in that store or how much I would love to tuck into a nice bottle. My thoughts were of how broke I am right now (I literally have a dollar to my name) and how it is actually nice to not have to stress over how I will get money to buy a bottle or worse have to suffer through withdrawals and cravings (and the irritability that comes with it) because I COULDN'T get money up to buy myself a bottle...I am free of that stress. I am broke. I can't even afford a bottle of water from the machine but dammit...I am sober and broke!..I don't know if anyone here can relate but it is such a relief to not have to worry. Sorry for the rambling post that says nothing much but I wanted to get my thoughts out here as I enjoy my Doritos and my cartoons on TV and as I get ready for another SOBER evening...and another great SOBER sleep. ..So I will be going now. I just wanted to wish everyone here a Happy Hump Day (or what is LEFT of it) and to my Aussie friends and those on the other side of the world where it is already tomorrow: a HAPPY THURSDAY!..Good night all. I think I will turn in early tonight...I am really tired these days. Only 15 more days to 90. I am so excited about it too! That makes February 11th my 90th day. That is 11 days before my birthday! So I will have 100 days on Feb. 21st the day BEFORE my birthday! That will be an AWESOME present. ..See you soon. I am out.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!  You have a good attitude and things will turn around on the $ front. Just be positive and "do the next right thing."  Cheers!!
Congratulations! Do you have anyone to talk to? I'm in withdrawal and using my friends as psychiatrists until I get a "real" one. It feels sooo good to vent :)..Good night and happy birthday in advance!
You left out a word I think you should have included somewhere in there:  proud.  Here I'll help you out and say it for you.  I'm proud of you.  Keep your head up you earned it.
Congratulations!
