-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/433rsd/trying_to_analyze_where_i_went_wrong_drinking/

A few weeks ago I went the longest I've ever been on a sobriety streak. 82 days. In my whole adult life that is the longest I've been. After landing in the hospital this time last year I seriously started trying to stop. I went 14 days then relapse. That has been my pattern since then. Get some time together relapse and hit a new low. ..Ironically enough I was again in the hospital two days ago. Drinking takes me straight to a very dark place every time now. I drink more than I ever have in my life and I get suicidal. I was almost successful Monday night. I'm still a bit shaken up by it...I attend AA and have a sponsor. He is very tough. He told me he thought I needed to lose everything (my wife kids job) to get desperate enough to do whatever it took to stay away. I have been to rehab detoxes and numerous hospital visits...I am completely humiliated by this latest episode. Maybe I have finally smashed my ego. I'm just scared that when the time comes when I experience intense cravings and I know it will that I will give in again. I'm journaling this so hopefully I'll have the strength to come back and read it and please never forget this pain...I just get hung up on how could I possibly end that 82 day streak? What was possibly so bad? It pales in comparison whatever it was to how I feel now. I guess my point is that I always seem to get to this point where I know drinking is not going to work but I feel like life is impossible without it. It is sad really. I read all the success stories especially who went to rehab for 30 days and have been clean ever since and just feel like a failure. I think that is why when I give in and do drink I get even more disappointed while being drunk. Then the suicidal thoughts kick in. It is exhausting...I have to pull myself out this pity party I know it. I'm working on seeing a therapist. It felt really good to get all of this out there. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

What triggered you to drink the last time? 82 days is a good stretch. What was the exact moment the feeling that made you throw that all away and drink? ..Maybe start there. You're not a failure and you can get sober.
If you drink every day and are trying to quit going a week without is a victory...If you can string together a couple weeks here and there going 82 days without is a victory...Nothing is *lost* because you relapsed. You are most likely in a better spot now than if you had stayed drinking throughout that almost quarter of a year you spent sober. I would try (easier said than done I admit) to not beat myself up too much over it. 
AA isn't working for you. Try Harm Reduction. I'll be down voted but I don't care. 
Get over it plenty of people stumble before they figure it out. Very few people hit a home run the first time and everyone at your AA meeting will learn from your relapse and welcome you back. We all realize that we are only one drink away.
I think you are going to have victory this time.  I think it is normal for some people including myself to have a stretch of time sober and then drinking again and after that understanding how to stay clean.  I relapsed a couple times after having 80 days and you know i only been sober 11 days now and honestly im starting to feel really good about things again having a drink in my hand is the last thing in my mind.  It takes a few days for the excitement of sobriety to return but believe me it will come.  I guess some of us alcoholics really need to prove it to ourselves that we really are alcoholics even though that doesn't make sense.
I don't agree with your sponsor. You don't need to lose your wife kids or job. For me things started happening when stopped thinking that i can't and started thinking that I could.
I'm so sorry to hear about your relapse; it sounds awful. But beating ourselves up isn't productive. What has helped keep me sober is primarily SMART Recovery and my therapist. It doesn't have to get any worse than this.  
I'm in my prime relapse zone. Three to six months is prime PAWS time. 100 days and 115 days were my two previous records. But this time is a lot different because I realized what you (may) have: Drinking ABSOLUTELY doesn't work anymore. There is nothing left there for me. I treat this recovery as my last. I have this one recovery I am not guaranteed another...Don't worry too much on the pity party. It's natural to feel disappointed and fearful after a setback. Just don't sit in it too long. 
