-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/434zqe/sobriety_in_the_face_of_mortality/

This is my greatest struggle when trying to get sober. I can distract myself during the day but at night the thoughts creep back into my mind. I get a pit in my stomach that is crippling. I like to think that I am an intelligent and thoughtful person and I can compartmentalize many troubles in life. When it comes to mortality I feel like an infant. My mind switches to this primitive state where I cannot fathom just what this all is. This has been going on since I was young about seven if I remember correctly. We had a distant uncle that would send us all different kinds of books from a library he worked at every year for Christmas and I became particularly fascinated books about space and the concept of time. I recall in particular one book was called something like "the beginning of time" the actual title escapes me now. It forever changed my life for the worse. At such a young age I was faced with the infinite and I asked my parents questions that they just couldn't answer without sugar coating for me. I felt alone. I've always felt alone since then. One of my worst memories was a video shown in a physical class in high school of a continual zooming out of our world further and further into space. I was frozen I was petrified terrified. No one else in the class reacted like I did and it made me feel truly alone. I always hoped I would "grow out of it" and so did my parents. These thought used to provoke horrible panic attacks where I would just feel like I'm detached from the world and that no one can help me. I'm coming up on 26 now and drinking for the last few years has been a way to mask the anxiety but I know I can't continue on this way. I have to find a way to enjoy life for what it is and stop being crippled by the inevitability of it all. Sorry for the rant but I really have never put these feelings into words and I feel weight off my shoulders already. Thanks for listening 
----------immediate responses--------

I too struggle with existential thoughts and they play a key role in driving my anxiety which in turn drives my alcoholism. There are times where I just want to stop and scream at everyone "What the HELL is wrong with everyone? How do you all just live your lives without questioning the absurdity of life and everything around you?". I struggled with something called anxiety based derealization as a result of this for a few years. I don't really have a solution for you other than to tell you that it comes and goes and you find a way to just accept life for what it is and make the most of it. I still have moments of terror but they become few and far between. And I get FAR less of them when i'm sober too even though I initially thought drinking was helping me.
[deleted]
I am exactly the same way. Especially at night. For this I say the serenity prayer because when we are talking about that which we cannot change we are really talking about death aren't we? Getting drunk to try to deal with the horror of it is just like flailing helplessly in the wind. Staying sober is the only power I have in an otherwise out-of-control world.
Your post speaks to me. I was around funeral homes and dead people a lot when I was a kid. I used to lay awake at age 6 or 7 worrying I'd be buried alive. Later I also freaked out at the concept of the infinite. I would pester my mother to answer reasonably authoritatively "What is past the universe? What happens when we go through to the other side?" I was consumed by that idea and all the empty space it entailed... Flash forward (a convenient device to move this from when I was 10 to when I was 30 and ever since)...I'm old enough to have seen several people who I love die. After the terrible but necessary grief I found myself wanting to just 'do well' here have company love be loved. Sounds too simple but the experiences to that yearning were tough for me. ..What was fear and anxiety when I was a kid has turned into curiosity. I listen to space and astronomy podcasts all the time. I watch all kinds of (mostly terrible) sci-fi movies. I read and often don't 'get' or finish books by Richard Feynman and Ken Wilber and others who writw and think wayy above my understanding. For whatever reason it's really comforting - and interesting. Read about Schroedinger's Cat the double-slit experiment maybe. Look ip Astronomy Cast podcasts about the shape and size of the universe or the tour of the planets (and some moons) they did a few years ago. Just fun stuff that makes all that time and space more manageable somehow - for this freak anyway...It's hard reovering from alcohol and wild strains of existentialism at the same time. : ) But there is some fun it if you poke around...Just my experience / $.02. : ) 
I appreciate all the posts Its great just to hear I'm not the only one out there going through all this. I knew that was the case but just being able to put a narrative to those thoughts from another prospective helps tremendously. 
Man is the only animal where his own existence is a problem which needs to be solved. -Erich Fromm..This is a thread for the ages. You are definitely not alone on this.
As a teenager I was plagued with high anxiety... crippled with fear in social situations.  When I found alcohol it was initially a good thing in a way.  It gave me temporary relief from my fears.  It of course turned on me and became my enemy instead of my friend.  I have found that the one good thing about getting older (I am in my 60's) is u become much more comfortable in your own skin...at peace with your self.  I wish I could go back to my terrified 14-25 year old self and tell him life will get better...hang in there. Alcohol is not the answer...put one foot in front of  the other and do the next right thing..God bless you!!!
[removed]
Got this from here; https://danielmiessler.com/blog/difference-existentialism-nihilism-absurdism/..Philosophers have believed for centuries that no intrinsic meaning exists in the universe. Here we will summarize three of the major responses to this belief...Existentialism is the belief that through a combination of awareness free will and personal responsibility one can construct their own meaning within a world that intrinsically has none of its own...Nihilism is the belief that not only is there no intrinsic meaning in the universe but that it's pointless to try to construct our own as a substitute...Absurdism is the belief that a search for meaning is inherently in conflict with the actual lack of meaning but that one should both accept this and simultaneously rebel against it by embracing what life has to offer...Personally when I am drinking I am a nihilist. Things get really dark. I find absolutely no pleasure in life. Just the euphoria of alcohol. When I am sober I'm an absurdist (if that is a word lol). There are things to enjoy when I haven't corrupted the pleasure center of my brain. ..I also find that I resort to humanism. If this life is all we have got then we should not care so much about material possessions and instead care for our fellow man. I find a lot more pleasure from communication and relationships. Basically all we have is each other.
Take a look at this article: Existential depression in gifted individuals..http://www.davidsongifted.org/db/Articles_id_10269.aspx/..It reads a lot like what you are talking about.
