-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/435ko4/100/

100 days is fast and slow. ..I've been really lucky   everyone who matters in my life has been supportive and very eager to support me the  right' way: For me that's not making a fuss not pressing the issue and not asking if it's okay to drink in front of me. (It is really!) There are still a few who take my choice not to drink personally as if I am judging them (it really is all about them of course) and some who tell me that there is no harm in just one. And today a new piece of unsolicited wisdom: a long-running cold is still kicking my butt because I've stopped drinking. Alcohol would have killed those germs weeks ago you see. Science! It's more amusing than anything else at this point. ..It never seemed possible to stay sober this long. I don't know if I ever have since I first had a drink when I was 14 years old. (A Zima! Seriously! It was gross but I finished it. Isn't that a pretty bit of foreshadowing.) I had accepted that I was a solitary drunk who would die young. My doctor told me that I was doing serious damage and asked how much I wanted to live. It turns out quite a lot. I didn't think I could change but then I did. I keep changing every day. And there is so much more I want to do...This place has been instrumental in helping me find the strength to carry on and choose the future instead of reliving the failures of my past. Your bravery in sharing your stories your camaraderie your great sense of humor and even the persistent La Croix marketing   you are all my heroes. ..For anyone just getting started I hope you remember that even if you fall down and reset your badge it does not erase any of your previous victories. It took me a few tries to really get started and each time I relapsed I felt like I was an utter failure. I don't know what will happen in the future. But these 100 days are mine and no matter what I get to keep them...Now go out there and have a great sober evening my dears!..ETA: [This.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijftZIE9b7g).
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for a century of days! Thank you for sharing. 
Thanks for sharing congratulations! and Yay a fellow Damien Rice fan!! :)
Well done.
