-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4391l5/on_day_11_a_valuable_lesson_learned/

I learned a valuable lesson yesterday...I fell back into my old self and ended up at my favourite local haunt. I drank tea the entire time I was there as they know not to serve me. Lo and behold an alcoholic comes through the door in full relapse mode. I watched it unfold...he heard I hadn't had a drink in 9 days and wanted to know my secret. I told him how many meetings I've been to since my relapse and the humility I learned from asking the LCBO and my favourite bar not to serve me if I ended up there (which I did...albeit with no intention of drinking). He said he's not ready for AA that his life is in shambles...and he continued to drink the rest of the night. I used to be that person. Constantly repeating myself slurring my speech and generally falling all over people. Feeling like my life is in shambles and blaming everything else except the booze...then blaming only the booze...then finally coming to the conclusion that it was ME! What a concept!! ..He saw how collected I was when I left after my tea. He asked for some AA meetings in the area and promised that today would be his day 1. I don't know if he'll do it but I think maybe he was the reason I ended up at my local haunt again (not even tempted to drink but didn't want to be "alone" - gotta work on that...I'll be alone a lot in my new city). Anyway...that's my story for this morning. I saw what I WAS and could so easily be AGAIN through clear sober eyes and felt serene in the knowledge that I'm just one drink away. Day 11 here I am!! One day at a time! Acceptance is key for me. I think I have finally accepted that I can't have just one...Thanks for reading...needed to get that out.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow great post. Acceptance is a great word. And you may have turned another life around. Hugs to you.
Thanks for the post! For me I avoid all bars or any place that serves alcohol last night I went groceries shopping and debated in my head the whole afternoon if I should pick up wine. Great job staying afloat.
Outstanding!  "When anyone anywhere reaches out for help I want the hand of AA always to be there.  For that I am responsible."  They've been there for me.  The least I can do is source it out to others.  Pay it Forward!
Great story. I shudder to think of how I looked in the past... slurring loud obnoxious... Yikes!!  I don't need to be that guy any more!!!  Thanks for the post
