-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/439tw6/the_weekend/

Getting nervous to face the weekend. Sigh... continue to struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

Are there specific times places events people etc. that you're nervous about? Or is it more just the fact that it's the weekend and the weekend = drinking?..It's been helpful for me especially on weekends to stay occupied with things I enjoy-- hiking creative projects and such... particularly during times I know to be dangerous for me. ..You can check in here any time your thoughts are pulling you toward drinking. That's helped me tons as well.
Yes I usually drink at home especially in the weekends. That was a thing for me to unwind. I may exercise tonight instead. I am getting nervous I don't know why these few days have been difficult. 
Does it really get easier? Or each day is a struggle.
Instead of getting nervous maybe I should just pledge to not drink tonight. Not drink wine. 
Exercise is a great option. It will produce positive endorphins and make you feel good. I have found that I'm much less likely to want to drink after a good workout. Stay strong. You can do this!!
Thank you all I fee much stronger and better to face Friday night!
[removed]
The start of weekends are hard. Managed to pass up going out with friends after a late night of conferences last night easily because I wanted to get home to say good night to the kids. However I had a short day at work today got home and immediately starting thinking about drinking and it was barely lunch time. It is hard for me to get the thoughts of how wine helped me relax out of my head. I try like hell to get through the urge and begin to remind myself how shitty I feel after I drink to too much. How I miss the weekend being "cloudy" or constantly thinking about how early I can open a bottle in a Saturday without it being too noticeable. ..I remember that during the 5 years or so that I wasn't drinking I did eventually get to a point where I didn't even think about it anymore. The thoughts about drinking were few and far in between and the comments from friends about going out really didn't bother me. If only I could remember how long it took to get there!
