-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43a3fz/i_am_two_years_and_two_days_clean_and_sober/

My sobriety date is January 27 2014. That was the worst day of my life. That day had nothing to do with alcohol but I've been clean and sober from all substances since then. I got clean because I was literally driving myself crazy (psychotic) with substances. In rehab I went to a beginners AA meeting and was educated about alcoholism. I realized that I am an alcoholic. When I drink I crave more drinks until I'm too drunk to drink. When I'm not drinking I'm either high or obsessing about drugs and alcohol. ..After finding out I am bipolar I and can no longer smoke weed and do psychedelics for fear of a repeat of losing my mind my focus turned to alcohol. Over the past year I have experienced the obsession for alcohol. I had turned 21 in sobriety and now had the ability to relapse easily. I would pour gatorade and imagine it was alcohol. I sat in meetings and stared at water bottles imaging they were alcohol. I drove past liquor stores and begged myself to turn into the parking lot and buy some booze. But I kept reaching out to fellow alcoholics and addicts calling my sponsor praying and asking for help. I'm still struggling with the Higher Power thing but I kept asking for the protection against the first drink and drug. I received it. The obsession has left me. I now sponsor a man. I picked up my chip on Wednesday and I can't remember everything my sponsor said when he gave me it but it was all uplifting. ..I got sober through AA despite being an addict in addition to alcoholism. I know that AA may not work for or  be attractive to everyone. I had periods where I believed I was in a cult. Today I see that while it may be somewhat religious in nature it does keep me sober and connected to something greater than myself and my fellow alcoholics...These past two years have been wonderful. I have recovered from a hopeless state of mind. I was so lost and alone. I know that if I return to drinking even staying off drugs I will lose everything I have gained.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your two year anniversary!
Amazing.  Congratulations and happy birthday! 
I'm so happy for you congrats!
Congratulations on two years! There's just so much more that we can accomplish with our lives while sober. Sounds like you have put in the hard work and are now reaping the rewards. Congrats and I will not be drinking with you today to celebrate! Thanks for sharing.
Congrats on the two years! You did the work and stuck with it.
Nice post about your journey.  I love the success stories!  It keeps me going. Thanks
Nice stick with it.  
Congratulations opensign on two yearsreally well done.
Congrats! I'm coming up on your heels! :)
you are an inspiration and thank you for this post
Congratulations and thank you for posting your story. It's really inspiring.
