-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43fjzb/now_that_im_thinking_clearly_its_an_easy_choice/

I can relapse like I always have before and lose my family and move into a shitty apartment where I can drink until I'm broke or dead.  OR I can be sober and be there for my wife and raise our children together. Alcohol just isn't worth it anymore - hell it stopped being worth it years ago. It's long past time for me to grow up and be responsible but it's not too late. Its an easy choice for me to be sober. ..I want to thank everyone here for your support - just reading stories and all the wonderful comments in the few posts I've done has been huge help in getting me here. Keep it up folks you're helping a lot of people out there!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 25 days of making a great choice! I can relate to the idea that I can drink OR I can have the things that matter not both and I choose the latter!
Yeah brother! Thanks for posting this. You are helping too.
So. Freakin'. True.     .I'll admit a  reminder can be a trigger. Those can be passing a bar a fwy exit a shop a time a day a story an emotion. Not always and not often. it sparks the mental picture of stopping drinking being drunk and all goes with it. In early days it could spark a craving so fierce I caved. Then craving I had to white knuckle thru. But this far out out it's just a memory I don't like. Shut it down. It's so easy to see the right path with sober clarity.
Well that's a very good thing to hear. If you've got your mind and your priorities right you definitely are on the right path. Carry on  it's for the best!.
How true is your comment.  I never during my long drinking period gave myself long enough sober to see how nonsensical my decision to drink was I never understood just how badly the alcohol was impacting on my decision making. Sure  I knew decisions made when I was drunk were not good but I genuinely believed the alcohol was only impacting on those decisions not my day to day sober one... How wrong was I.  Your post reminded me that once I gave myself some sober time the decision to quit for good was fairly straight forward and easily done.  But before those of you still struggling throw in the towel in despair because that choice is still not clear.  I spent quite a while reading and going to counselling to understand a bit about me and about how my thinking action and reactions were impacting on my ability to accept me and live at ease in this life.   Stay strong in your commitment and continue to be clear on your options play that tape through to the end it is a pretty clear decision which is the better option. You can do this
Gratitude for what I have is the strongest weapon I have against the voice in my head that persistently tells me that I will be able to drink again one day..I just ask myself if it's worth the trade because I can't have it all. Choose alcohol or choose happiness and be wise enough to know that it must be a choice.
Thanks for this post; it has really hit me hard. I have been more and more tempted lately by the idea of trying to moderate my drinking (which funnily is the same time period in which I have been away from SD).  Every time I've tried it I have ended up wasted on alcohol and/or drugs and breaking my wife's heart and putting our marriage in serious doubt. ..Thank you friend for reminding me of just how easy it is not to drink :)
