-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43ic4z/dealing_with_positivity/

First time poster. Been lurking for about a month though. About 4 1/2 years of sobriety here. Been thinking that it might be about time to engage with another group since my attendance at AA has been pretty scarce. (Military guy here with a fairly young child. Work homelife and a general dissatisfaction with AA are some of the driving reasons behind this). Not even sure if this forum is the right place for this honestly. ..Either way back to my point. Even though I've accumulated some time. I still struggle with actually being positive about everything. I owe how good my life is currently to my sobriety and it is by far the best thing that has happened to me but I've noticed that I've had a incredibly difficult time connecting with people in sobriety because of the stupidest reason which is... I don't know... everyone seems so damn happy and that has just never been my way of operating. The overwhelming feelings of support and happiness put me on edge like I'm talking to a used car salesman. As a result I just don't feel like I've connected with a single person in sobriety. I'm still just a guy doing this on his own. Even after all this time it concerns me that I just don't connect with people over this huge part of my life. ..Is this something other people even feel? Quite frankly I worry that I might be alone on this where I'm at in my life with the underlying thought that I might just enjoy being vaguely unhappy. I understand it's hard to articulate the vague feeling of unease I have about this but I'd really be interested in hearing if anyone else has a hard time with this aspect of sobriety. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I learned long ago that if I'm happy there's something I'm ignoring. ;-) Sure I can relate. Maybe something other than AA would work out better for you? Anyway glad to have you here. Please keep us updated!
Thanks for your self awareness and honesty.  Sometimes when I'm not connecting with people I notice what's going on for me.  I've learned that the majority of problems I encounter with people often have two sources: I'm either being judgmental about them or I'm not being authentic in myself.  When I want to connect with someone(s) I start noticing them first as a real human being with fears hopes desires anxieties etc. (just like me) then I reach out to ask how they are doing and can I do anything for them. Maybe nothing more than listening or letting them know I care about however they are.  I then am authentic in how I am at the moment.  I'm found that people appreciate authenticity rather than insincerity (acting in a manner different than my true self at the moment).  When I read "the overwhelming feelings of support....put me on edge like I'm talking to a used car salesman" it conveys to me someone on guard suspicious and alert to any overtures of being taken advantage of.  Hard for me to connect faced with that.  Might be something you want to examine for a nugget of self-awareness.  Up to you.  For me building fellowships is important to enrich life.  I sometimes take a biceps of doughnuts to a meeting and walk around offering them and saying hello.  Good luck!  
I aint happy as fuck 24/7 but life is a lot better in general there's no denying that now sober I am trying to focus on all the positives I've noticed instead of being the pissed boring moaning miserable women I was.
