-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43iemc/ive_hit_quadruple_digits/

I saw that I reached 1000 days and I broke down in tears. I just can't believe it. After awhile it seems easy- I don't always pay attention to the days. I just keep my mind on what is happening right here right now... When I look back it's not easy to make constant in the moment decisions... but those moments add up. ..While it might not always seem like it that one small decision you make today will matter.   ..Thank you all for supporting me when I feel depressed for knocking sense into me when I want to drink and for sharing your own stories and struggles. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
That is a milestone one I fully intend to reach too. Step by step you got there and you are still here to tell the story.  Your milestone will mean so much to so many ... An inspirational success story that those in the early days can look forward to achieving for themselves.  Congratulations on the first one thousand days of sobriety.
WOW--congrats on joining the 4 digit club! You're a miracle!..&gt;While it might not always seem like it that one small decision you make today will matter...And how. It's sort of like the butterfly effect.
Congrats that's amazing! Imagine all the lives that have been impacted (potentially saved) by not drinking for a 1000 days. 
That is outstanding. My metaphorical hat is off to you!
Congratulations!!
You are inspiring! Congrats!
its a good thing :)
awesome!
Nice! And a good reminder that daily decisions matter. Congratulations on your huge milestone. To celebrate I will not be drinking with you today!
Kudos to you on 1000 days!  Your success is inspiring to newbies like me.  I'm following in the footsteps you have laid down.  Thank you and thanks SD for the support.
Inspirational! Thank you for sharing.
Just saying... there are 4 different people celebrating 30 days today that you just inspired enough that they commented in this thread! That's pretty cool! and congrats on 1000 :)
Congratulations!  Those small decisions DO add up -- to a much better future.  High Five!
You are amazing!  Thank you for being here!
Hot damn!!!  Grats
That's nearly 3 years what an amazing achievement.
Congratulations!  .
Congrats!!
Thanks for being an inspiration.
Hell yeah! Way to go!
Thats awesome. Congrats old timer!..
Nice work.   Keep it up.
[deleted]
Woot 
&gt;While it might not always seem like it that one small decision you make today will matter...I'm reminded of Ray Bradbury's story "The Time Machine" - how a seemingly insignificant choice completely shifts the future for many years ahead.  And the choice we are making on a daily basis is neither small nor insignificant...Congratulations on your 1000 days!
Superbloomingwonderberryrainbowsofdeliciousness!! Congratulations!!! Thank you for sharing your awesome news with us!! You are proof that it can be done  
Here's to one more day. 
A thousand days of not drinking a thousand hangover-free mornings! Quite an accomplishment congrats!! 
An amazing achievement!  Congratulations. &lt;3
Wow! Great job! Be proud!
awesome!   I'm right behind you!
Congrats!!
Woot! Every day that we don't drink is a noble day! One day at a time can sure add up!
Congratulations!!! 
I am so touched by your gratitude and humility. Way to go.
Tell us about the hardest day between day 100 and day 1000? A day you almost slipped.
Wow Awesome :) WTGOGOGOGOGO 
