-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43kyni/future_drinks/

I feel really good latley. No drinks for a couple of weeks... no withdrawals... a couple of small cravings... just missing the burn in my stomach kind of thing... not really anything else. I decided to stop drinking because I felt I wanted to drink entirely too much. While I was drinking.. I didn't drink everyday... at times when I drank I did drink too much. It had gotten to the point that I felt like I wanted to drink too much.. and I was getting in trouble with my wife at home over it. So I stopped... it was pretty simple for me... I haven't had any real struggle.. which I thought I would but I havent.... I even stop into the bar for lunch and a iced tea once or twice a  month... just no drinks. I keep thinking about vacation In June.. a few months away... I would really like to enjoy a drink by the ocean and relax... maybe try to drink in moderation... but another part of my self just says what's the point.. by then you've already made it that far... why compromise? I guess it's a conflict in self control.. I ask my self.. can I just have a beer or 2 on vacation? Just keep it to that? Or if I do decide to hop off the train then... will it be an epic disappointment? When I stopped drinking I never swore to myself that I would stop for good... but I really wanted to quit right then... go a good long stretch with out feeling the need to tie 1 on all the time. I just wonder if this is possible. As I think about this personal predicament I have brewed up in my thoughts... the more and more i weigh in  on  just not drinking on vacation.. it seems the safest route.. I don't know for sure though.. I guess only time will tell... I know one thing for sure now... I sure as hell don't want to drink right now.. and it feels great
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos!!
This reads exactly like the sort of train of thought I had when I first tried to stop last year. Basically I fantasized that I would by abstaining for a certain period discover some vast and bottomless untapped well of previously undiscovered willpower which presumably I had never stumbled on before buried deep within my psyche. I would magically be able to go back out there and drink a "beer or 2" on holiday or have a couple of pints with the lads on Sunday or whatever; like most people do. The thing is I never drank with the intention of getting blackout drunk doing awful things hurting myself and other people of losing control of becoming mentally dependent on alcohol- Those things just happened as alcohol took its course. I wasn't *trying* to drink immoderately. Where did I think this sudden mastery of moderation would come from? It never worked once. Slowly surely I always ended up right back in the same place usually a bit worse every time- Shittier guilt and anxiety more money blown more shameful behaviour etc. etc. The day I accepted that I can't control alcohol and that after the first drink it's already too late it was like popping a giant throbbing zit. The relief was palpable. However your mileage may vary. And for what it's worth- I went on holiday after 2 weeks of quitting with the wife and kids and I was a bit freaked at the thought of not drinking but I had the most incredible time instead of watching the clock and wondering when it was socially acceptable to start drinking I totally engaged with the kids got up before them every morning and made breakfast totally indulged them and had the best holiday since I can remember!
One day at a time worked for me this early in sobriety. Stay in today. The future will unfold. Personally I would be miserable drinking one or two drinks. Who does that? 
When I first stopped drinking I did it to escape the trappings of my drinking I hoped/wondered if I'd be able to drink in moderation one day. I romanticized it: a glass of red on a Sunday evening a glass of chanpagne at a wedding a beer on holiday etc. I recognized that this question was a red-herring in the short-term - so I parked the idea and focused on putting in time between me and my last drink whilst I healed and figured things out...Through four months sober reflection I figured out I could live and enjoy life sober and I accepted that the way I drank and the way I obsessively thougth about drinking is incompatible with me attempting to moderate. ..I discovered a lot of my hopes for moderation were actually an expression of fear - fear of the unknown - I couldn't imagine what living sober would be like I couldn't imagine enjoying these situations without a drink. ..My [first sober vacation](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e6oan/so_this_is_what_a_vacation_feels_like/) was at 10 months sober and was a total revelation - I enjoyed lots of outdoor activities and came back fully refreshed. I can't believe I used to think that one long drinking session was a holiday - I always came back feeling like I needed a holiday to recover! My first wedding was just fine. My Sunday nights are beautiful without alcohol and my Monday Mornings all the better. The things that I initially thought would be best with alcohol turn out to be awesome without alcohol...tl;dr I parked my decision about drinking in the future instead I focused on not drinking and enjoying life in the here and now
Drinking on vacation would start the insidious slide for me to everyday drinking. Period
&gt;I decided to stop drinking because I felt I wanted to drink entirely too much. ..I would expect that again if you decide to drink again. There's no real reset on this that I've found--I just continued where I left off each time I resumed drinking.
I think most people who are officially in the "I don't drink ever" camp had to go through all possible attempts at moderation and fail before firmly committing to that lifelong plan. The folks that "make it" in the moderation camp simply stop participating in these groups. These are all of my perceptions of course. I could be wrong...You have to make the decision yourself if you think you can moderate. I'm in the same boat as you currently. I've never had any major problems from drinking....aside from hang overs too often. At some point I'll try moderation again. If I absolutely can't do it you'll see me back here.  :)
