-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43ooda/thoughts_on_the_cusp_of_30_days/

Man that first week was tough. I was staring at my counter looking at others who have reached 30 60 90 1000 days and thinking it's going to take ages to get there...To make sure I didn't go out and drink I pretty much locked myself in my room for two weeks leaving only for work. While this did keep me from being in non-sober places with non-sober people I found myself incredibly lonely at times. I expected this and used meditation to get past it. That loneliness could have easily sent me to the bodega to pick up a six-pack of beer but I felt I needed to break the weekly cycle of hangover weekend regretful Monday back to drinking on Tuesday. Going out with friends just wasn't going to do it...The third weekend I was willing to tell people I was quitting so decided to hang out with some friends. Boy did my mood improve. I forgot how much socializing is good for the soul. And my worst fears that my friends would give me grief for quitting were unrealized. Everyone I've told has been supportive some curious others commenting that they didn't know I had a drinking problem because they "had never seen me blacked out." Actually they had on many occasions. Since I'm quitting for me however I don't feel the compulsion to defend my decision...I guess that's what's different this time around. The many times I quit before I was doing it with some sort of idea that I need everyone's approval. And that if I told everyone and relapsed I'd fail publicly. This time something just clicked. *I* know I have a drinking problem. *I'm* the only one who has to care about it. *I'm* the only one who has to live with the consequences. *I'm* the only one who can fix it. I love my friends but this time around I don't give a flying fig if they approve of my sobriety or not...The past two weeks have been easier. I'm still checking in every day but I'm not obsessing about my day count like in the first weeks. I'm not as depressed or contemplating suicide as I was three months ago. I'm more focusing on the day-to-day of my life filling those countless hours of drinking with doing other things like writing reading keeping my apartment clean actually being with friends instead of drinking around them going to events exercising. You know life...I'm not perfect. My sleep is still not great. It was hell about a week ago but it's getting better. Occasionally I get the urge to "just taste" a beer (hah!) or I get that runaway voice in my head romanticizing the act of drinking but leaving out the hangovers and sadness. I keep imagining Ulysses tied to the mast screaming he wants to swim to the Sirens while the rest of me rows on with wax in our ears...Thanks for reading the wall of text. I wish you all luck in your sobriety. Let's not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

When you get those thoughts that romanticize drinking or drinking just a taste always "play the tape to the end" and visualize the the consequences. If your sober brain does this every time eventually your drunk brain will get it.
I like the analogy of Ulysses and the Sirens. Congratulations on your 30 (almost) days. I won't drink with you to celebrate.
It's funny how we have so many ideas in our mind of how others will view our decision. Not only are those thoughts way off base most of the time but who cares? This is for us!!..Thanks for sharing
Thank you for your post! It is inspiring to read. I am struggling here.
I won't be drinking with you today.
&gt;.I'm not perfect. My sleep is still not great. It was hell about a week ago but it's getting better. Occasionally I get the urge to "just taste" a beer (hah!) or I get that runaway voice in my head romanticizing the act of drinking but leaving out the hangovers and sadness. ..I started nodding along to this bit. I feel you. I never thought my brain could do so many magical logic tricks as it's managed in the last month. Thanks for sharing- it's good to read the experiences of people at the same stage. It's very reassuring to hear thoughts like yours. Grats on the month!
I've had a very similar experience in my first month.. First two weeks I was just holding on for dear life. 3rd week was decent 4th week I hardly slept at all and now on my fifth week I'm feeling like I'm starting to even out a little. What a roller coaster ride but so worth it! 
