-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43p41z/i_just_realized_why_its_so_hard_for_me_to_stop/

Hey! ..24 year-old man here. I've been suffering from debilitating anxiety for almost ten years. Pretty much every symptom in the book constantly every single day and night. I've struggled to do the most mundane things like going to the supermarket drinking a cup of coffee (makes me panic) meet friends talking to people and just walking in open spaces (legs feeling like stiff jelly and dizziness deluxe). I've always pushed myself whenever I could which meant I did those things regardless of how I felt. I've had job interviews whilst having a panic attack but still managed to land a fantastic job. I've took on the role of holding weekly presentations for large number of people at my job even though the mere thought of it made my heart race. I have flown abroad alone meeting totally new strangers in different countries even though I hate flying and shaked as I stepped off the plane. The funny thing is that no one noticed. I have never told anyone about my experiences; what I've done. It's funny because it feels like even though I'm always giving everything my 200% and fighting with my heart and soul what I present (in my mind) always feels like less because of my anxiety. I feel like whatever I do is embarrassing and that I'm saying the wrong things. People have never commented on it so I assume I'm either a good actor or that people just aren't telling me...I used to drink tons of coffee just so I could see my anxiety in the eye and prove myself that I would not get defeated by some silly disorder. This was probably good in strengthening me but all it really did was make me more anxious. This also goes for alcohol even though I know it makes me feel worse...Lately I've realized that holy shit I feel like a new person when I haven't been drinking for a week. My anxiety gets reduced to nearly zero I become quick to giving punchlines making jokes and I start to love talking to people. My mind feels sharp and alive kind of like it did before my anxiety. The day after I've had a few drinks (usually 4-6 beers) I feel heavy like I'm carrying extra weight. I feel my confidence drop down I stumble on words and feel unsteady and uneasy - the exact feeling I've been having these years but multiplied. ..I just realized why I'm always coming back to drinking. I see my anxiety as a sign of weakness (even though I know I'm strong for enduring and pushing myself as I have for all these years) and when other people do stuff without any issues while I can't I feel like I want a rematch. I want to prove to myself that I in fact can do it without being an anxious wreck the next days. That's why I kept drinking the coffee (I have luckily quit that now though) and that's why I keep coming back to drinking. I hate being controlled by my emotions but it's so funny because at the same time stopping drinking seems to be the solution. It's a constant inner battle...The longest I've gone without drinking is two weeks for about 6 years. I usually get good and drunk once a week but have a few a couple of times in the week on occassion as well. One week seems to be the real struggle for me and I usually always relapse (and the thought starts with: "but they can do it hell why can't I"...I'm not deep in despair with alcohol I just feel like crap when I drink even small amounts and I hate it. ..Oh man... that was a long post. It feels good to put this in to words. I hope I don't sound too crazy here. If someone can relate please give me your insights.
----------immediate responses--------

I still have almost daily battles with anxiety. A lot of my actions are still driven by fear. The difference is that nowadays I am able to recognize it happening and get to the root of the issue before I cause harm...A big stepping stone for me was to lessen the importance of other people's opinion on me and to stop being so hard on myself. This has lead to a decrease in anxiety...None of it would have been possible to address and actually change if I kept alcohol as a security blanket I could crawl back into when my anxiety got too bad. For me staying sober is the only way...Thanks for your share. Keep coming back :)
I can relate to this way more than I'd like. .I have long suffered from anxiety.  I think teachers and nurses were trying to point it out to my mom when I was about 6 but I didn't really get any help until college.  .I've seen so many therapists related to my anxiety and an eating disorder. It's helped and a lot has improved. .But more and more recently it's clear how much alcohol is a continuing issue.  Like you I just want to be "normal".  I don't want to be at the party and feeling overwhelmed by the number of people.  I don't want to feel so overwhelmed by everyone else's emotions.  And I want to drink like everyone else..Except I don't drink like everyone else.  If I get into that mindset of wanting to be the normal fun popular girl I drink way too much.  And then I get really emotional. And mess things up with the people close to me..It's not a good scene and I'm scared I can't totally fix it. .so.. hi. 
Hey man we're about the same age. I posted for the first time today on here. I felt much better after writing down what I was feeling. Anxiety is a bitch. And I never really put the pieces together but what you wrote really made sense to me. Best wishes man.
