-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43pvev/i_think_i_need_some_help/

Hey. ..I dont know where to start. Im 24. I was sober for over 5 months in AA. I was smoking weed every day though. Anyway. Recently Ive started abusing other drugs and drinking again. Im definitely doing it a lot more carefully this time though. Im starting to think maybe Im not actually an addict. Because I seem to be under control. Its making me really consider my involvement in AA. I actually skipped out of something really important because I am hungover today. ..I just feel like Im heading in the wrong direction again. I honestly feel like this is a plea for help from the voice in my gut telling me something isnt right. I feel like shit. I think this counts as a relapse. What I should do is overcome my fear and call my sponsor and others and tell them. But theres a part of me that wants to run. ..Im just really confused. I think I need help.  
----------immediate responses--------

Let the truth set you free :)  you know what to do.  Just do it :)  Everyone and I mean Everyone will be behind you 100%!
Always trust your gut.  If you want help simply ask for it and there will be scores of people willing to give you a hand.  And stop in here once a day to read stories get and give inspiration and to keep it fresh.  Best wishes.  
This is a great place to start. Tons of support and great info. and stories some of which you may connect with... Keep coming back!!
I think if you read what you wrote you will see the answer in black &amp; white... what you're doing now is not working for you.   If you still have a sponsor why not give them a call and go to a meeting.  You know they will welcome you back you know many have been in your shoes and will have similar experiences that will help you.
Bravo for posting! I know you can find the courage to be honest with your sponsor. I find that telling my truth is a freeing experience. You don't sound confused. I think you know you are digging a hole. It's up to you to stop digging.
I think you know deep inside what you need to do.. Wishing you the best of luck in your journey 
This is a brave post. I think you answered yourself. As a sponsor I would be more than willing to help a sponsee who called me with this level of honesty and requested help. I would be there in a heartbeat. I would trust my gut if I were you. Good luck!
Did you call in sick at your job ?
