-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43vrhv/i_am_struggling/

Ugh doing my taxes are getting me. I don't know if it is the stress of doing them correctly or the boring sitting in front of the computer doing something I don't want to do......But that devil cat in my head is sitting on a the fence howling at me that I should get a drink because it would make my taxes easier. That I wouldn't be so aggravated trying to figure this crap out. Just one drink because I deserve a relaxing break......Fuck you gato diablo you are not helping and you are not welcome - stay on your side of the fence
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I cracked last night and I am not going to tonight. I don't know if it will help if you stop the taxes for a little while and continue tonight or tomorrow? I have eaten a ton of junk food instead of the wine because I really deserve a break. Good luck with your taxes.
I am struggling today as well so I can relate. You've developed 32 days worth of skills and knowledge to help you get through this so just remember all you've achieved and stay strong!
Funny you should mention this because this morning I was thinking ahead to things that might trigger me - and doing the taxes was the first thing that came to mind.  You can get through this RHR I know you can!
Hang in there RHR- I'm betting if you put them down for s bit and step back from the frustration the urge will pass. We're here if you want to chat!
Good for you for telling the devil to stuff it!..Taxes are going to be a trigger I can already tell. I already owe the government money so I'm truly hoping that 2015's tax return will even it out a little!..You can do this!! Break that diet; your sobriety comes first!
Fuck Gato Diablo! He's a lying shit. 
i like doing my taxes but i think it's because i like to find as many ways as possible to get more of my money back from the government. :)
When I have to do something I hate I enter "session modes" in which I go with 50 minutes periods of focused work then 10 minutes of just fooling around. Breaking up the chores makes it more palatable. It's amazing the number of invoices you can crunch in three 50-minutes sessions. And boom: the morning went by. Rince and repeat! Sidenote: drinking never made my taxes easier. All the opposite if I recall well...
Well done on 32 days your doing brilliant.
Feeling better?! Have the "fuck-its" passed?
You're doing great and I just want you to know I've been noticing how active and supportive you've been on SD lately and it's meant a lot to me and I'm sure a lot of others. So... whatever you're feeling we got you. Stay strong. We need you with us :-)
