-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44063l/struggling/

I'm having a hard time saying I don't want to drink anymore.  My mind keeps saying 'oh your not an alcoholic you've stopped before for months'. But 1.5L of wine a day isn't health.  Even if it feels like a habit instead of an addiction who am I kidding.  I need to get my head in the right place and commit to this process but I keep on going back to it just being for a short period of time and then I'll be able to drink again..
----------immediate responses--------

I've done the same thing in the past. It's hard to think about never drinking again.  We know we can't moderate though. If it wasn't a problem we wouldn't be here.   Stay strong!
A week ago I was in exactly your position - half a litre a day less and I'd never stopped before but otherwise the same.  I decided to do "Dry February" as a way of kidding my brain that it wasn't going to be permanent and not to worry.  I haven't told my brain this yet just in case  it kicks up a fuss but I do intend to make it permanent just one day at a time.  I've found the support on this site very very helpful - and hope you do too.
I don't promise never drinking again. I just promise myself one day every day. And during that one day sober I make plans to avoid temptation in the days ahead where it will be very hard. I build routines every day I repeat the same routine and build on them to improve my sobriety. ..Just do it one day at a time and come here or to your group or sponsor when you feel like you can't any more. 
Former wine drinker here....this is the longest I've ever made it I feel awesome. One day at a time. Really. That's the best way to look at it even one HOUR at a time the first few days.  
Can you sort of put blinders on your brain? Don't let your brain look that far ahead. That's how you talk yourself out of trying to quit. I personally set a 30-day goal in December with no intention of stopping drinking altogether. But now that I've passed 30 days I feel great and things are getting (somewhat) easier. So now I've set a six-month goal (although in the back of my mind I do want to quit for good but I'm not going to tell my brain that). People really do say "one day at a time" for a reason. Can you not drink TODAY? Just try it and see how it feels. Then tomorrow just tell yourself you're not drinking *that day*. Rinse and repeat.
Try not to make it harder than it already is....I went through the same thing and felt like I couldn't commit to NEVER drinking again. So I don't. I commit to not drinking TODAY. Every day. There is not a good enough reason out there for me to ruin my health. There isn't anything good waiting for me at the bottom of my wine glass. I just keep repeating those thoughts.  I'll worry about today and the future will sort itself out.  Hang in there. I will not drink with you today.
Just read this.. As I too was feeling a tug to the wine glass .. The responses in support are amazing.. From real people that really understand! I will not drink with you today.. Let's be strong.. For today!
One day at a time... 
What are you doing for your recovery besides not drinking?  Recovery for me is interacting with other alcoholic in real life on a regular basis (meetings) so I don't forget how bad it was. I've spoken with my friends and family so they support me. I've read books on recovery. I listen to a recovery podcast. I've seen a counsellor to talk about my alcoholism. ..What does your recovery look like? What can you add so you don't slip back?
That's about what I'd put back most nights. Loved my wine. I try to avoid thinking of either drinking again or not drinking again. I just think of what I want from today what I hope to do tomorrow. And I try to think of every day as Day 1 so I don't get freaked out by.. LOOK HOW MANY DAYS! or ..WOW RELATIVE TO FOREVER THAT'S NOT MANY DAYS. ..Just today.
My sponsor has me reading and writing about powerlessness. It's making me really realize how I can fall into denial so easily. So many times I thought "just one beer" and it never ever worked  (my equivalent of "I'm not an alcoholic"). ..It's really courageous of you to say what's going on. Good that you're putting it out there. This place is super supportive (SD saved my ass today) and folks have a lot of great insight. I like the comment about not making the promise never to drink again just doing it for today. Sending good thoughts your way.  
