-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/441bct/today_is_the_beginning_of_the_rest_of_my_life/

Last night I came home stressed from work and decided to treat myself to a nice glass of bourbon on the rocks. One drink turned into half a bottle and when I woke up this morning head pounding mouth dry I decided that enough was enough. I'm only 27 years old and I am tired of making promises to myself that I never end up fulfilling; I'm tired of wasting my money on alcohol; I'm just tired...Background: I'm a habitual binge drinker. Usually at least once a week as of late I was getting shit-faced. I've abused alcohol since I started college. A few years back I stupidly got a DWI after which I stopped drinking for about a year but then I decided I would return to social drinking (which eventually turned into episodes of binge drinking again). Honestly compared to a lot of the stories I read on here I probably don't drink that much; however it's still too much for me. I don't know if I'm an alcoholic but I don't think labels matter much. Bottom line is I abuse alcohol and I turn to alcohol to celebrate to mourn to de-stress etc....and it's just not a healthy pattern. I'm ready to start anew...Now that introductions are out of the way...one question for you guys: in the past my biggest struggle has been the craving after a long week at work. I definitely tended to use alcohol as a reward. Now that I'm re-training my brain I want to know if you have any tips for what to do when the craving strikes. In the past I definitely snacked a bit more which isn't good for my health either! So...any tips?..Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I try to take myself away from whatever situation I'm in when the craving hits. If I'm sitting there watching tv I get up and take a walk outside. If I'm at work I go outside and walk around the building. I also learned from one guy on here a form of semi-meditation. Breath in slowly and as deeply as you can and exhale slowly. Keep doing that for a while. I've picked up some new hobbies like studying for some IT certifications and watching random how-to videos on youtube. It's difficult to develop new habits but after time it will become easier. This subreddit is great and has helped me a great deal. Good look to you!
You're right labels don't matter.even comparing your habits quantities and behaviors to others don't matter. What does is the feeling that there's a better way. It's why I'm here indeed all of us. We're all different with different motivators but we share that desire to quit drinking. And Ive found sobriety is a lot better than giving into the bottle.   .You can do this we're all here to help.
I "play it forward".   When my brain says "you should celebrate! just have one I promise!"   I think about all the times I failed to just have one and I play it forward to what will ACTUALLY happen if I have one.
Have you taken the alcohol assessment quiz in the sidebar?
I am trying to shift the way I view alcohol from glorifying alcohol as a reward to viewing it as the sum of all its parts. What I mean is instead of only looking at the one rewarding aspect of alcohol look at the whole picture. The hangover lost time damaged relationships negative health effects etc. Why am I rewarding myself with something that makes me feel worse? Is it really a reward or is it a punishment? ..
Eating something sweet helped me with cravings in early sobriety. I carried candy with me everywhere. It also helps to do something active: walk around the block clean the car junk drawer vacuum cook call a friend...You get the picture...I knew a man who had to drive by trigger establishments on his way home. When a severe craving hit he'd stop his car on the side of the road and walk around it a couple of times. This he said "broke the spell". ..Stay in touch. I'm glad you're here. 
M26. Putting labels aside I will share my story quick as it sounds somewhat similar to yours. I am a binge drinker and really have been abusing alcohol since I started drinking my jr year of high school. Although I drank quite often in college it really got bad after I graduated. The weird thing was I went from drinking 3-4 times a week to once or twice every two weeks. But when I drank I drank a lot. I started buying a 30 pack of beer Friday afternoon and then I would get home and drink until it was gone - usually Sunday morning. I did that for a few months until it switched into buying 18 packs or .750 Ml and drinking most of the 18 pack or the bottle each time I drank. Then I would get up drunk and go buy more. Then I would take like a 2 week break from drinking. I told myself I did not have a problem because "I only drank maybe 2 times every two weeks". "I just drink a lot when I drink that's all". Since I was drinking until I passed out all the time my tolerance really grew fast and then I started noticing withdrawal symptoms and that it was harder and harder to stop drinking once I started. I really am unsure if you are addicted to alcohol or not all I know is if you are unhappy doing something then you should stop. If you are unhappy drinking alcohol then why drink? Even though I feel I was kind of forced to quit since there really is no life for me in drinking I still realize it is my choice to quit and that I am a lot happier for it. Congrats on the year of sobriety btw after your DWI. I got one a few years ago too but sadly it really did not slow down my drinking at all :(.
I like to turn my attention towards the urge or craving and just sit with it for a bit...not fighting it but not giving in to it either just recognizing it and then letting it GO. The urge always passes it's always temporary! And then treat yourself -- make a nice meal buy some super expensive craft rootbeer or something instead of alcoholic drinks exercise pick up or re-kindle a hobby that you enjoy doing sober. Good luck!
I'm 27 also.. I wanted to get this under control before my thirties. I've been drinking a lot of sparkling water... It gives me the same sort of refreshment that a beer used to. As soon as I get home I crack one open and drink that. When I first get home from work is my big craving time too.. I also drank as a reward for getting through the day. Usually after I drink my first one and browse on here for a bit I'm over the craving. The weekends are a bit tougher and the first few weeks I basically curled up in bed and just didn't drink. Netflix was my friend.. I'm now starting to get out and get active. 
Thanks for sharing. Sounds exactly like my story but I started abusing in Junior year of high school every weekend. DWI same I quit for awhile then joined the Marine Corps and did really well for the first few years but started to just drink heavily to blackout nearly ever time I did drink during the last few years. ..Got out of the Marine Corps got my shit together and went to school on the GI-Bill and lived on my own stayed pretty healthy and actually worked out like crazy and got into the best shape of my life 5'10'' and 185lbs of muscle. Started to get into social life again with people/friends I met at school and I started to drink heavily on the weekends all the way to blackout again like almost everytime. ..Meet my future wife at school and actually would sneak drinks of hard liquor so she wouldn't be suspicious of my "New Habit". We got married and moved to a new state and I would drink lightly on the weekdays and HEAVILY on the weekends. Our relationship started to wane with my constant blackouts.  There were ultimatums from her more than a few. I always said I will "control" it I can do it but that just lead me to hiding more of my drinking from her. I was sneaking gulps of liquor and hiding bottles. I gained weight I am now almost chunky you could say all the drinking caught up and I was getting a gut and putting on more and more weight. ..I blacked out a Company Holiday party thankfully didn't cause a scene there but later passed out on the side walk walking to the car with her threw up everywhere and had the police show up. No arrests thankfully but that was it for me! She told me that night was the most embarrassing night of her life!..My goal to fight the cravings is to get back into the gym and get back to the old me. Be that caring charming sincere 185lb stud of a husband that my wife will be proud of. That's my motivation to stay away from alcohol now. Its for me to feel really good about myself again its about time! ..P.S. have been dealing with depression off and on since highschool. ..  
hi there! I'm glad you're here :) it's a tough thing to realize and accept about ourselves but you're doing it. kudos. ..one thing that helps me is to identify all the other things I love doing besides drinking. I mean I really really really liked to drink but I also enjoy: reading super emo poetry watching shitty Friends reruns  and stuffy British movies in my PJs eating massive bowls of spaghetti doodling listening to loud metal and staring at my ceiling.... ..doing a crap-ton of other stuff I enjoy helps me avoid the feeling of "denying myself alcohol." getting in touch with the old me my inner kid feeling at peace with myself and doing a bunch of FUN stuff is the real reward. reach out here if you get stuck tonight! 
I am mainly an evening drinker during the week also.  For me it is very important to have a nice meal as soon as possible to quiet the demons.  I also have one sparkling water and one unsweetened tea before dinner.  I am trying to layer new habits over the old ones.  I used to have 3 or 4 whisky/diet coke before dinner.  I also spend a lot of time reading and responding on SD after dinner.  It helps me.  Look forward to watching your progress.  
I ate large amounts of ice cream and vowed to not drink no matter what happened -good-or-bad. I guess they call that "will power". 
