-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4456qb/officially_joining_all_of_you/

Hello everyone. I've been lurking here for a month or so as I try to kick drinking for good to no avail. I'm 22 years old and have never been able to moderate. ..I was a week sober until last night. I had a few too many and this morning has been a struggle. I'm tired of the strain alcohol puts on my life(physically mentally financially). ..Today I will not drink. .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm just like you -- tired of being sick and tired! The beginning of day 2 for me here. Let's not drink together! It's more fun that way :)
Welcome you need a good plan of action good luck.
Welcome!!  So cool to begin at 22... Wish I had been that mature. I will not drink with you today!!  
Great news get a badge!
Welcome grab yourself a badge and jump in!
Welcome!..What is the plan for success this time?
Welcome!
My biggest problem was not being able to say no when a trigger was present(being at a restaurant with a bar long day of work being at a party). First and foremost I am going to avoid those triggers at all costs. Even if it means turning down invitations from people. I need to work on myself and make sure I can control myself. This takes precedence over all things. ..I plan to vehemently pursue my hobbies that I've been neglecting due to drinking(reading playing video games comic books watching films). If I pour myself into these I won't have time to drink. ..I've got a family member (not a redditor) that will be joining me in this quest that will help to hold me accountable. I'm reluctant to try meetings because I'm incredibly shy when it comes to opening up to strangers. ..Aside from strong will and determination that's all I got. I welcome tips from all. ..Thank you to everyone
Welcome!! Oh to be your age when I tried. It's never too early to start. Check out the newbie post with Baby steps still a big help for me. Moderation never worked for me for much more than a day or so. It would always end up with 24/7 drinking blackouts then withdrawals. I'm not having a drink with you today!
