-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/446vtg/going_home_next_weekend/

Hello ..I planned a trip home for the weekend to visit my family and a few close friends. At the suggestion of my sponsor I called one of my close friends who is usually my drinking buddy to tell her that I would like to hang out but I won't be drinking. Instead of being supportive like everyone else has been she kept saying how I was being too hard on myself and overdramatic. I know her opinion shouldn't matter but it really hurt. Now I'm dreading going home because I want to see everyone but I don't what them to make me feel pressured. My sponsor is going to help me work on a relapse recovery plan and I know my family won't care that I'm not drinking but this one person has me so mad! I know it's ridiculous to care so much but it's in my nature to want to please everyone! I also feel kind of dumb for telling her...I thought her response would be something more supportive. Ahh words of wisdom/support would be appreciated! 
----------immediate responses--------

She is not a true friend.  I would avoid contact with her if she is unsupportive.
Not really a buddy if she can't support you in your decision of sobriety. Dry people dry places. If you must go to a restaurant with non-alcoholic options. No bars. Got to look out for yourself first. When the weekend is over your buddy will still be back at home. Sounds like you have a good sponsor.
You can't change people only they can change if willing (just like you in recovery).  Listen to your sponsor and offer to meet the friend at a coffee shop since you don't live at home anymore maybe they don't know the extent of your problem.  The other thought is maybe you're making them look in the mirror and they don't like what they see..
Back in the day I was the one who didn't like it when other people weren't drinking. I guess I didn't like that I couldn't hide behind other people's drunken behavior. Chances are that your sobriety is making her aware of her own problem which can be very uncomfortable for people who are not ready to take the first step.
