-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/447pfq/how_to_deal_with_pushy_loved_ones/

I have been struggling with my drinking for a few years now. My rational brain knows its because I'm using it as a crutch to deal with anxiety and depression. I have some loved ones around me who are well meaning but very pushy. You need to do this you need to go to that meeting you need to get a sponsor. I've been to meetings I've been to rehab I've gotten sponsors in the past. I feel like they're saying all of the things they think will help with no real idea about the actual addiction. It's like me giving parenting advice when I only have dogs. This makes me just want to pull away from them more and drink. Or at least avoid them. They mean well but have NO idea about alcoholism or addiction. ..Has anyone else dealt with this? How do I politely inform them to back off? Or at least get them to remove themselves from my rectum?
----------immediate responses--------

Politely tell them to "back off".  ..Keep in mind that we don't know what loved ones go through when we are drinking. They've been hurt and felt alone embarrassed betrayed scared sad and angry just to name a few feelings. They are scared you are going to drink again. 
I'm facing a lot of well-meaning people and a lot of people who think they know what is best for me. The truth is it's my recovery not theirs. I politely tell them that I am doing what I feel I need to do in order to stay sober...
I'm just curious why you would say a sponsor wouldn't know anything about addiction? Wouldn't the sponsor be someone from AA who has/is been an alcoholic?
It's perfectly reasonable to ask them to "back off". I have experienced this simultaneously from both sides. My father and sister who both struggle with alcohol have given me all sorts of unhelpful advice about why I'm not an alcoholic while my mother immediately began trying to co-dependently manage my recovery. I joined AA got a sponsor and explained that the program was working for me and that I would continue to follow the suggestions of my sponsor and steps of the program. Now my family members all respect that absolutely.
My boyfriend helped get me committed last month talk about someone pushing you too much. I was pissed for about 2 weeks still get a little angry when i think about it. The same as you i understand he meant well but this is my life not his to dictate. Anyway i know it's annoying but you'll have to try to let go in one ear and out the other otherwise you will continue to be resentful and it will push you to drink more. Are you interested in quitting drinking? Obviously rehab and aa aren't doing it for you. Might want to consider counseling or even medication if need be. Also developing other hobbies might be helpful. But if you aren't ready to quit then your family will just either have to support you or bounce and I'd def tell them so but nicely. 
