-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44axmi/cleaning_the_house/

One thing I majorly struggle with is motivating myself to clean.  I wind up just stressing myself out thinking about all of the things I have to do to make the house clean.  This stress triggers a feeling of wanting to drink so the cleaning process doesn't suck so badly.  And every time I've drunkenly cleaned in the past I've regretted drinking because I just wind up feel tired...It's hard for me to focus on one task at a time.  ..What tips and tricks do you have for me?  How can I make cleaning suck less during the process?  I am interested in the idea of meditation and mindfulness to help me with this but I don't like the thought of having to spend so much time learning to do it.  Maybe I'm just lazy.  Listening to music is usually my go to once I start but... It's getting me to start without wanting a shot of vodka or glass of wine that's the hard part.  
----------immediate responses--------

I just started trying to learn meditation. The thing about it is there's no real wrong way to do it. Try an app called headspace. It helped me with the basics and I actually find that I'm somewhat more relaxed after I do it.
Sorry if you can't afford it but have you considered hiring someone to do it for you. A house cleaner? 
A clear game plan is key for me when cleaning the house. Instead of getting stressed about the cleaning itself I imagine how it will look and feel once the house is clean. I make a clear list of cleaning tasks put on a great playlist and use the time cleaning as a time to clear my head sing and just have some me time. For me cleaning is like a meditation. Once my house is clean I feel mentally cleaner as well. It is also fun to enlist some help. My friend will usually come help that's what friends are for! Just turn cleaning into a hangout session drink tea and have a snack break.  .So I suggest taking some deep breaths and just get started! You will probably feel so much better once you start. 
Have you tried the FlyLady website?  I don't follow it religiously but I take her tips of just setting a timer etc.  Much more manageable.  
This probably won't help much but your share made me think of a weird thing...I'm kind of a neat freak. I actually somehow preferred to drink when the house was clean and in order. It was like I had set the stage properly or something and now that the house was in order time to drink! Or maybe it just made it seem more "classy" or some stupid thing. Cause you know pounding huge cans of beer *can* be classy if the house you're doing it in is looking sharp... (man does my alcoholic brain make no sense or what?)..I think having difficulty focusing on one task at a time (one day at a time even) is something we all struggle with. I know for me when I know I have a big long list of things to do what helps is not to focus on the whole list but just on one thing. If I focus on the whole list of "to-dos" -- laundry vacuuming doing the dishes folding and putting away clothes -- all at once it seems like an impossible task. But if I break it down into a thousand smaller steps -- "Get the vacuum out of the closet bring the vacuum to the living room plug it in move the coffee table" -- and focus on each of those smaller steps as I go before I know it the whole list is done.
