-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44bnxo/a_lot_of_alcoholics_have_steady_incomes_i_do_not/

I read a lot about people on this forum saying "I run a small business and I'm an alcoholic". But I'm almost literally broke - I have about 30 dollars in my bank account as of now - because I work about 3-4 hours a week (not by my choice by the employers choice). .This profound lack of funds is something that I feel might actually sway me towards becoming a full-time homeless alcoholic I cannot sustain my habit at all.......I am stressing like all fuck! I know I can go online and look for a new job but that takes a few weeks at least! .Should I go into stores and hand in my resume in person (I am quite the charmer believe it or not) or should I just continue with the online thing? .PLease respond if you're in the human resources department!.Bye strugglin'  
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely go in. It helps them remember you if they have a face to go with the resume.
&gt;I cannot sustain my habit at all...I don't need to sustain my habit - I don't drink. I'm a bit confused why do you need to sustain your habit?
Stop assuming you will fail before you even try. Come on now. Go submit some resumes or applications in person.
Can you sign up for food support (used to be food stamps) or unemployment? It's ok to get help to get through a rough patch!
I would venture to guess that most of us that are now successful business people were not so successful when we entered recovery.  I lost my job in the first couple months of sobriety and had to support my family on very little.  Because I had a good sobriety plan I was able to find a job that provided for my family.  With a few more years under my belt I found a better job.  After that my past was just that my past and I never looked back.  BUT I continued to work my recovery program.  If I hadn't... If I were still alive the best I could hope for would be homeless...What's your plan to stay sober while things are down? 
I have found using connections (friends people that already work at a place etc) or calling places I want to work for directly is the fastest way to get a new job.  Good luck!
