-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44nc8y/tonight_will_be_7_days_just_some_random_things_i/

My alcoholism has kept me quite isolated for the past 15 years so I'm just here to talk to someone who will listen. Not to mention I'm a complete introvert. I am so stressed around people.  Trying to stay involved in a conversation is just so exhausting. One of the many reasons I drink. I believe I understand the rules of this subreddit but just wanted to say something where other people might hear me...I've been having pains in my stomach for the past few months.  At least I could have swore it was my stomach. It started out feeling like I was hungry then turned into pain. I went to urgent care a few months ago to figure out what's going on.  They took blood tests and found out that my liver kidneys and pancreas were all good.  Well to be honest my doctor was reading my results to me over the phone and I paraphrase him "Kidneys fine; liver fine; pancreas fine" to which I reply "Wait a minute back up I've been drinking almost every day for the past 20 years and you say my liver and kidneys are fine?" to which he responds "Well they're a little elevated but nothing to be immediately concerned about."  They put me on a double dose of Zantac and Prilosec and sent me on my way.  On the way out the Dr. asked me if I had been drinking that day.  Since I came to the urgent care center after work I said "No I've been working all day" to which he replies "You're going through withdrawal you need to go home and have a drink right now."..About a week ago the stomach pain came back hard.  I went to the ER and they put me in a room but I couldn't sit in the gurney the most comfortable position I could find was lying down in the fetal position on the cold floor of the hospital room kind of rocking back and forth my pain level was at least a 9.  They got some IVs in me and gave me fluids pain meds and then orally what they called a "GI Cocktail" which I don't know what was in it.  About 90 minutes later I was no longer in pain.  I was told to follow up with a GI doctor and my PCP.  I didn't have a PCP (PPO Insurance didn't force me to find one when I enrolled in the plan) so I was forced to find one for my ER follow up..The first appointment I could make was with my GI doctor.  As I was waiting in the exam room I was bent over in pain.  The doctor comes in sees me doubled over holding my stomach like I'm trying to squeeze the pain out of it.  He notices and gives me a prescription for Norco 20 tablets.  I had no idea Norco (Hycrodone) could help with this type of pain that was so deep inside me but it did.  I was told to take 2 pills every 6 hours as needed.  Luckily for me 2 pills are lasting me about 24 hours...The next day I see my new PCP and give him the run down.  I'm completely honest with him.  I think the first thing I said to him when he came into the room was "I've been alcoholic for half my life and I think it's catching up with me."  Without judgement he gave me a prescription strength antacid called Protonix to replace the Prilosec.  He also asked me about Anibuse and if I was interested in taking it to which I replied "Hell no."  If I need to relapse I'll be doing it on my own terms...He then tells me that's there's been some different medication other than anibuse that actually curbs the body's craving for alcohol instead of making you deathly sick if you drink like while on anibuse...I'm not promoting anything here but my doctor put me on a medication called Campral and it's has had some amazing effects.  Where I used to either 1) Sit on the couch watching TV all day waiting for the right time to come to start drinking (so I can pass out in time and still wake up early enough for work) or 2) drink during the day pass out wake up early enough to drink again and pass out over night again just in time to wake up for work.  But with this new med I found myself doing stupid little things that I haven't done in years.  Nothing major just some minor chores played some computer games took the trash out cleaned up a little bit around the apartment and actually showered on a day I had no plans to go out.  I went shopping got some decent food (where as beer was normally my liquid carb diet).  So instead of sitting on my couch all day I actually had a change in routine which in itself was pretty amazing...I went tot he GI doc and had an upper endoscopy on Friday.  No problems found thank goodness.  They say my pain is likely pre-pancreatitis and hopefully within a month it should go away should I stay sober...So today instead of going to the liquor store for lunch I think I am going to get a Fatburger with onion rings..I think the point of this post is not just to let random strangers know that I'm a screwed up person who should have had 5 DUI's by now but also to seek help and medication from a physician.  Between the Campral for the craving and the Librium for the detox (DT's shakes) I've been able to to go almost 7 days without going to in-patient detox or rehab.  I'm not saying I won't go to rehab in the future but I'm just saying that as of today right now as of this moment I'm OK with where I am at.  In fact I have a weird craving to go play some Diablo 3...Thank you for this subreddit.  Please if you're trying to quit see your physician and ask if Campral is a good fit for you.  It certainly has been for me and I've only been taking it for 3 days.  There are options out there.  Seek them out.  For the sake of your pancreas...Be on the lookout in another 24 days I'll be coming back and sharing my first 30 days sober with you guys and gals..Thanks again /r/stopdrinking !..Edit: paragraphs grammar spelling.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing! I'm glad you got medical help. Someone else on here posted about the positive effects of Campral I'm super glad it's helping you! Looking forward to your 30 day post :)
Thanks for the share. They wanted to put me on anibuse as well but after looking into how sensitive (anything with alcohol perfume salad dressing etc) it is to alcohol and the long term side effects I said no but I was in inpatient so I took it one day by mistake and I was one of those people with a bad reaction. They never offered me anything else either even after I asked about a few of them. Anyway that was my first go around.  Second go around I told my doctor about came in on day three to see if I was doing alright &amp; besides hand tremors I was fine going cold turkey. ..I am glad you are staying in touch with doctors and being smart about your recovering. SO happy to hear you are feeling better! Congrats by the end of today today you will have a shinny new badge and a week under your belt. I look forward to seeing you around. Happy Sunday!..High Five
[deleted]
I'm glad you are finding some help. Unsolicited advice - research pancreatitis. A burger and rings might not be the best idea!  I love that you're finding the extra energy to do the little things; I've been doing that too (like just vacuumed the house after the Super Bowl) - it's weird how I notice those things and it makes me wonder about all the stuff I didn't do for years. 
