-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44r8c1/mesa_got_120_days_mesa_bombad_excited/

Now that I got your attention....120 freakin days!  Never thought I would see a third of a year go by with no alcohol in my system.  and let me tell you while the struggle was definitely real the first couple months things have gotten better.  To celebrate I decided to make a list of things that are better in my life...1.  Alcohol no longer controls my life.  What I mean by that is I am no longer thinking about making time on the way home to stop at the liquor store.  I am no longer thinking about if I have enough for the weekend.  That in itself is freeing...2.  I am much more patient.  My wife can tell you I am not a patient man.  I want things NOW.  But what I have realized in the past few months is I am able to take things better as they come.  Still working on this but much better than when I was drinking...3.  I am much more focused.  I see something I want and while I can be patient and wait for it I can also set goals to achieve it.  Looking towards the future while drunk all the time didn't work...4.  My family is financially better.  I am not longer thinking about having "X" money set aside for booze.  I can now buy things I want things my family needs and still enjoy time with my wife and daughter out enjoying life...5.  Sober sex is better!  Probably TMI but bear with me.  My idea of a romantic evening was splitting a bottle (or 2) of wine with my wife and having sexy time.  Now that we have both quit drinking...sex is much better.  Instead of using the buzz of alcohol to "heighten" the feeling we have become much more connected now that we are sober when we do the do...6.  On the flip side of that I find myself less lustful.  This was a problem of mine while drinking as when we would go through dry spells (like all couples do) I would find myself wandering to X sites to get my fix.  Never really enjoyed it honestly however in my drunk state I honestly didn't care.  Now hardly ever visit those sites.  Again not perfect...and working on it but it's rare now...7.  Music is much more uplifting.  Now I am a huge \m/etal head.  It is my jam.  But since becoming sober I have branched out into other genres a little more and the lyrics have a much more positive influence on me.  I remember leaving work angry and listening to the heaviest music I could listen to.  I still will throw my horns in the air \m/  but it's not to let out the rage...8.  I am able to control my demons.  Mainly my alki-demon (Pedro) and my rage-demon (Sue).  I am able to keep them on a leash while they may always growl they are tethered and not in control...9.  I feel closer to God.  Not bible throwing here but I feel much calmer now in my relationship.  His way not mine.  It certainly makes life easier to manage.  "Give me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change what I can and the wisdom to know the difference."..10.  I feel better spiritually.  On the flip side of the above I am able to stop and be still and meditate every day.  It is a morning ritual now every morning I take a few extra minutes in the shower to just sit and be still.  It's amazing what it does for your mindset to just let the water run over you and just be.  During my drunken days being still was NEVER an option for me....until I would pass out drunk that is!..I could keep going on the list for many things have changed since I quit drinking.  Better sleep (when I do) lost weight eating better...the list goes on and on.  But the above is my top ten.  ..A HUGE thank you to the veterans of this group for the support.  I would not be here at 120 days without the daily check-in and being able to just write my feelings down for the sake of just getting them out and having positive comments fill my inbox.  It truly is a joyful thing...And for the young'ns in the group hang in there.  It DOES get better.  Yes you will lose sleep.  Yes your anxiety may be greater the first few months...but trust me it's worth it.  A third of a year sober and my life could not be better.  And for once I am looking forward to the future...Sober on Sobernauts!  And as always Fuck Pedro.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a really great post bane!
Awesome post and congrats on the 1/3 year! You're an inspiration for sure. 
Jesus I thought I was in /r/DarthJarJar for a second...Otherwise lovely post.  Sober on!
Congrats man!  Keep on!
Congratulations man! ..I'm leaving work shortly and always need a post like this to assist with keeping on the straight and narrow! Keep up the good work. 
Woo hoo!!  Congratulations it's been great reading your posts and sharing in your ups and downs.  The way you express yourself helps me feel less alone on my path.  Another sober metal head!
Congrats on 120!
