-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44sml3/i_have_a_case_of_the_februarys/

I am struggling a little bit lately folks. I am pretty sure it is because it is the middle of Winter and my time outside & my activity level has dropped off considerably. I just feel stuck and I am in a bit of a funk. I have been on the fence about joining the local YMCA because it is a 25 minute drive from my house. I have a hard time rationalizing spending an hour in the car to work out and go swimming for a couple of hours. I would really like to get out and ride my bike but I settle for cold walks around town. I also have to get out and meet some new people and more importantly sober people. I have been on the fence about going to an AA meeting for months and I think it might finally be time. Thanks for listening SD friends! It feels good to vent!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Winter funk here too- northern climate- ice snow short days.  And the kids at home mean i don't go to the gym as often as I'd like...I've been exploring body weight fitness a bunch these days- there's a pretty active sub by the same name.  It's intriguing. I'll never be able to do half the stuff they're capable of but the idea of getting fit/strong/etc. with very few supplies at home calls to me :)...(Nice job hitting triple digits!)
I definitely suffer from seasonal affective disorder aka the winter blues. It is important for me to stay active and prevent myself from isolating otherwise I will go insane. It stinks that the gym is so far away but walks are a good substitute. As for AA it has saved my life and gotten me in touch with so many people so I have no excuse now to be lonely. Good luck my friend! You got this!
You gotta do what you gotta do good luck.
I've been going through the same thing.  I haven't dealt with winter sober since I was a teenager (when sitting around inside wasn't a big deal to me).  I miss being able to just walk out my door go for a 30 minute jog and feel better.  
Are there any cold weather activities you enjoy? I used to hate winter until I took up cross country skiing. Now I count the months until the snow returns... Otherwise it sounds like you've got some good ideas to get you out of the February slump. It is such a hard time of year. I will not drink with you today!
My wife suffers more than me this time of year.  I understand what you are going through.  She gets pretty down.  Vitamin D supplements may help but sun is always better. I am a member of local road and mtn bike groups.  Are there any in your town?  The rides can be very social but certain groups are into drinking beer afterwards while others are not.  Just thought I would throw that out there.  I love my biking friends/clubs
ditto the winter funk and i live within walking distance of 3 pools to which i already have a membership (am *sometimes that aren't in the winter* an avid swimmer).. it's just that time of year and it passes. good luck! :)
