-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44tld6/recently_realized_i_am_dealing_with/

So I found this subreddit recently and I am using a new username to post.  I have a longstanding history with an eating disorder and until recently I thought that was my only problem.  Not sure if it is important to mention but I also have Generalized Anxiety Disorder Insomnia and Major Depressive Disorder...With the help of a great therapist I have recently realized that I have cross-addiction behaviors (whatever is there to numb me out why not partake in it kind of subconscious attitude).  Now these behaviors have been brought to my conscious attention and I am really working on sobriety.  ..I have stopped pills (last over Christmas break) cigarettes (Last on November 24th) and I am working with quitting alcohol and weed currently.  I used to smoke weed daily or every other day and have cut down to once a week.  However I have noticed that in stopping all these behaviors alcohol has become a real issue. ..With alcohol becoming a bigger issue one can imagine that my eating disorder is also becoming a front-runner again.  I had just begun to gain weight again when I realized that I had a problem with alcohol and have since not been able to stay on track with eating.  Additionally the only times I have used weed are while drinking.  ..I am really upset.  Before I realized that I had cross-addiction behaviors I gave my eating disorder all the attention.  After this realization my other behaviors have become more tempting more on my mind and more difficult to deal with.  I haven't cut in almost a year but have recently had a strong urge to self-harm.  I can't figure out how to safely manage and quit these addictive behaviors...I am sure that cross-addiction is common and was hoping to find some insight from those who were successful in quitting multiple behaviors.  ..How did you begin?  How did you not crumble and give into something like self-harm? How did you deal with feeling overwhelmed?  I am scared.  I feel out of control.  I don't even really know what to ask.  Any advice or comments are welcome and I thank you ahead of time...TL;DR:  Struggling with an eating disorder anxiety major depressive disorder  and insomnia.  Just realized I have cross-addiction behaviors.  Quit using pills about 2 months ago quit cigarettes November 24th.  Cut down smoking weed from every day to once a week.  Alcohol use and cravings have become out of control.  Looking for support.  Thanks!.
----------immediate responses--------

Trying to deal with all of my issues was impossible **on my own**..I needed serious help. I went to rehab for 35 days to deal with the alcohol and to stabilize my eating. Then I did therapy outpatient treatment AA and learned mindfulness...When I am in crisis there is not much I can do. I will breathe through it cry shake and sometimes just need to sit in bed and cope until I feel human again...
I have multiple addictions myself (including eating disorders - binge bulimia and anorexia; I cycle through them) as well as mental health stuff. It worked best for me to address all my addictions at once and learn healthy coping mechanisms and ways to experience emotions without overwhelm. Therapy was really helpful for me. Self compassion was essential. And support was key. ..Keep posting! 
[deleted]
You are doing a great job. It doesn't all happen overnight. Two steps forward and one step back. I have been struggling over the years with similar addictive behaviors. Have been seeing a great therapist for 4 years and finally feel strong enough to quit everything. I found the drinking led me to less self control which in turn made me eat more. It was a horrible merry-go-round. What has been helping me so far is the whole 'one day at a time' thing and reading this SD thread. Realizing that we can teach ourselves healthier habits and choose to do things that empower us instead of drain our energy. If you read a lot of these threads a lot of people who quit start exercising and cleaning their homes!  It's all about self love. I wish you luck and I choose not drink today want to join me? 
I too have multiple addictions drinking tobacco xanax and opiates. I always sort of imagined i could just change one day but i had to focus on one thing at a time. ..I quit the pills i quit smoking and now ive quit drinking and want to stick to all of this. You already quit a few things and have made changes in your life. I dont know what it's like to have an eating disorder but once you get drinking far in the rear view mirror im sure it will become easier to manage. Best of luck!
For me addiction is more a state of mind than substance related. Treating how I think was the only way I could disassociate from everything that was harmful to me. It took me a very long time to realize this. However going to AA NA or a therapist all sought to fix the real issue at the end of the day: how I think. In that sense addiction is easy to deal with. When I focused on myself and how I coped with everyday living removing addiction was a lot easier than think all my addictions were not related and tried to tackle them all independently 
I have an established pattern of self-destructive behavior that started in early adolescence. I also dealt with the gamut of self-harm behaviors from cutting to (severe) anorexia. I draw from multiple treatment modalities to help keep me stable. The basis of my stability is sobriety because booze adds an impulsive bent to my self-loathing that is dangerous. ..Unfortunately I think behaviors like mine (and yours) get overly simplified as purely "cross addiction" with the solution often being addict-centered with a focus on peer support AA/NA and sobriety from substances. I definitely needed professional help and some textbook therapy.
I am an alcoholic and bipolar along with anxiety disorder. It's not fun. Meds help and it's alot of me having to push myself. I suck at therapy I have a hard time opening up. But I'm working on it. 
