-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44u1jv/am_i_planning_a_relapse/

I have been thinking about relapsing for a few days now. I am not sure what is wrong but all that is on my mind is how I am going to do it. I have not told on myself to other people that I know in the program; I know that I should If I want to stop it. I am just lost on the steps that I need to take to make this situation better
----------immediate responses--------

Let us help you dismantle the plan...:)
If I was having urges I'd check out an AA meeting ASAP.  Just going does wonders for me!
The last time I relapsed was a time I chose that I planned for. I figured I was 2 months in this time I could handle it. I got sobriety under my belt I could drink at this 1 event and then go back to sobriety. I had learned my lesson I picked up my skills in AA SMART SD IOP with all that ammo there's no way I'd keep drinking after this one thing. Of course that was a lie and a month later I was back in detox. My advice is to hang in there. I always focus on why I got sober in the first place and what happens when I think I can walk away from my sobriety. That usually helps me. You got this.
Thinking of a relapse is NOT a relapse.  Talking these things through can be very helpful...Good luck.
When my thinking gets crazy I try to stop thinking and start acting. So the steps I take in these situations are literally steps - I move my feet to an AA meeting and puke up all my insanity there. I don't think about it; I just do it. That takes the power out of my brain and places it outside of myself where it's safer.
There's a saying that bounces around here "act your way into better thinking".  ..What action can you take right now that is a small step in the right direction?  It sounds like just telling one person in the program could make a difference.  ..What made you want to quit in the first place?  I imagine how I felt when I finally decided it was time to quit.  I remember all of the physical and mental pain and how obsessed I was with drinking.  Bringing back how bad I felt when I made that decision removes the romanticism from getting blitzed and reminds me how shitty I felt on the other side of it...Hang in you've got this.  In 2 days you'll have 50 days under your belt.  That's a big deal!
Good job opening up here.  I'd Tell the people you know in the program asap. Their response may help  but the telling is the point.  Saying it out loud to people you know had an immense power regardless of how they react. 
Please don't drink if not for you for me  that's what my kids would say and my mom my husband sistereven my dogs if they could talk because it's not going to end well and your back at day one  
