-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44ub2g/breakups_booze_being_your_best_self/

I got dumped a little over a week ago. I had only been seeing her for about four months but nonetheless it's absolutely torn my world apart. Let me tell y'all a little...Over the summer I went through another breakup when my girlfriend at the time - who I was very much in love with and vice versa - left town. I was devastated. Honestly I don't even remember what I did to get through it but there was certainly drinking involved. Again I don't remember how much; I was never a daily or really heavy drunk or physically dependent but I would happily binge heavily a couple times a week and I always had problems stopping once I started (my big vice is buying booze to have at home and being unable to not drink all of it at once or in a couple of sessions; excessively drinking while out is less of a problem). I drunk texted her a lot of shit. I went to the gym a fair bit developing a minor obsession with fitness subreddits. I had a dissertation to write so I guess I wrote it. I bought an xbox...I mean shit somehow I managed it I came out the other side I'm alive so I must have and I feel like I have healed from most of the pain from it but maybe I was just masking my lack of healing all along. Around three months after she left I stopped drinking at the end of September. I maintained complete sobriety for perhaps three months then on precisely two occasions I had a beer when going out. *One* beer that's it. That seemed to be okay for me. ..Mid-October so this is only really a couple weeks into sobriety where it still felt weird and tentative I met K. It was fucking dynamite amazing on numerous levels but in retrospect it was always fraught with anxiety for me about what she wanted and whether she would want to be with me properly. I went away for xmas; when I got back we had a Serious Chat and decided we would try dating. Proper dating...There was a bit of an incident involving a communication breakdown and last Sunday she dumped me citing incompatibility in terms of meeting each other's needs and communication. ..Folks.... she was the first person I had been with completely sober. She only ever saw sober me. And sober me - the me who I'd done all that fucking work on (not drinking and changing my diet and losing a bunch of weight and lifting and getting in remission from depression for so long I actually went off my meds) - was the me that she dumped. I cannot blame a stupid drunk text or something done under the influence. It's all me. The improved me still fucked it all up...And now I think would the drunk me have done it *better*? Would the drink have taken away my anxiety allowed me to communicate my needs more openly to be more forthcoming to shed my fear and authentically and fully be with her? That one time after 3.5 months I had had that one beer I was sexually freer with her than I had been before. What if I was fucking holding myself back by being my scared sober self? I communicated with the girlfriend before well enough; there were a lot of bad drunken nights where I talked at her in circles but there were also occasions where being a little bit plastered gave me the courage to bring up things that were bothering me. And she and I were solid through all of it...My relationship with K was basically coextensive with my sobriety. She was an experiment in sobriety. It failed in a blaze of fire. My brain understands that it's correlation and not cause; my emotions have a harder time grasping that...I have always drunk because of boredom and loneliness perhaps that even more than the desire to quash social anxiety. I am exquisitely excruciatingly bored and lonely now. I miss her so fiercely it's chemical. The withdrawal of physical contact and emotional attentiveness is ripping me to shreds. My immediate future is very uncertain; I'm finishing school (big old graddy grad school the full doctoral hog) without any relevant job prospects. Healthily or not K was keeping me grounded...On the day after she dumped me I bought a half-bottle of scotch. It was a deliberate decision. I literally had no idea what else to do. I thought I would shut down if I did not. I drank the entire thing over the course of an afternoon while crying on a friend. I woke up in the middle of the night and threw it all up. It was a terrible night's sleep and I have basically felt continually nauseous since then. And yet every day I have been fighting the urge to drink planning out what I would buy how I would deal with the hangover and the guilt...I haven't touched a drop of booze since that one bottle though. But it is a struggle. Every goddamn day it is a struggle. I live alone except for my cats (and thank gawd for them); I go home to an empty house and an empty bed and there is nobody to fill it or hold me. I don't even see the point of being there anymore. My own fucking company? Again? ..How the fuck do I deal? The usual hot bath/cry it out/cry it out while masturbating/eat well/exercise/talk to friends (who are well fucking over hearing about it by this point)/do yoga while gazing at the sunset/watch sad movies/distract yourself shit is not doing it because I have to sit in the head of the person who fucked up her own happiness without respite without relief without being able to push myself away by drinking all the while just desperate for it to *stop*. I can briefly distract me from me but I'll still be there and my fuckups will still be there and my fucking bed will still be empty...At least all y'all understand how fucking much of an effort it is not to drink right now. My buddies do not...tl;dr first sober-me girlfriend dumped me it was my fault how do I not drink it away. 
----------immediate responses--------

One thing I tell myself that if I could drink that person back into my life I would do so. But I cannot possibly count how many nights I spent crying in my beer pining over one lost love or another and funny thing it never came back. Not once. The nausea vomiting drunk driving and hangovers came back regularly but the girl never did.
I can really feel how painful this was. But consider: it can't have been all you. SHE said it was but we're all human. Some of this is on her. We all have our baggage. Just because she was the one to leave and pin the reason on you doesn't mean that you bear all the responsibility for it not working out. (Sorry I'm "you"ing too much.) From the outside I would say that two people make a relationship and if it doesn't work out it has something to do with *both* people. I have found in my past that even those perfect ones ended up having something that wasn't so perfect. Please be gentle with yourself okay? I know I am a better person in every way *without* alcohol and I'd guess that's the case for all of us on this board. 
Don't be so hard on your sober self! Im sorry you're going through this and I hope it gets better and that you can go through it sober. And it's never been my experience that I was a better companion when drinking. Maybe I thought I was...but I don't think my husband would agree. You'll find someone who is comparable with the sober you!
I hear your pain. I've been there too. Most of us can relate. You can drink but it won't bring her back. I decided after the end of a long-term relationship to take a break from the opposite sex and focus on the relationship with myself. I threw myself into recovery. I got a counselor went to detox rehab outpatient treatment and got involved in AA. I cried and cried. I read everything I could find about recovery. And I cried some more...Yours was a short term relationship and perhaps you are too dependent on other people to shore you up. I learned I could be by myself and take care of myself. I went to counseling and lots of meetings. I still cried but I learned. And I healed in time. And I didn't drink. ..A therapist would give you someone to talk with and meetings would provide people who understand and even some new friends. I went to meetings to fill empty hours and help with loneliness and it worked. ..If you don't like being with yourself why should anyone else want to be with you? Maybe it's time to change. Alcohol stunts emotional and psychological growth. But we can catch up with sobriety. There's help if you want it. 
