-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44zjk2/9_months/

On my way home today NPR covered a story about a clinic using suboxone to treat heroin addiction. The head of the clinic pointed out the merits of his methods and I respect that as I do almost all the people and organizations that are battling this disease or habit or bad choice or whatever you view it as but in my humble opinion addiction is as unique as the person that harbors it. There are no dogmatic set of steps that can lead one to a place where they don't suffer. But maybe there is a place where you don't suffer I think I'm there at least today I'm there. I'm not a heroin addict. I was and well still am an alcoholic. I think I'll always be an alcoholic even as the people who come into my life after May 12th 2015 see me as just a person who doesn't drink. I should be up front about why I'm writing this when I first decided I needed to stop it was the stories the ones that I could so easily slide myself into while hearing them sitting in the rooms that helped me the most. So I want to give back like what was given to me to maybe help who ever you are wherever you are like the words of the artist pat the bunny did for me  If you have a substance abuse issue get help you can't do it by yourself.  But that's for later. .I was 13 when I started drinking. My 21 year old cousin getting me drunk in the typical teenage rite of passage. Maybe it was that I was an anxious kid and it soothed it maybe it was that it made me feel cooler than I ever had before maybe because it was portrayed as what every real man did maybe it was cause my parents drank or maybe because it was in my genes most likely it was all of these things but it doesn't matter I fell in love. I was in love more completely than I ever have been in my life and as of right now that statement still stands. I have never loved anything as much as I loved drinking. That sounds terrible and it is but it is one hundred percent the truth not my mom my dad my brother my best friend Josh Lauren Liz Rissa Nikki any of the other girls who tried to love me. I didn't love them like I loved drinking. It took awhile being sober to see that and I'm sorry for taking all that love and never returning it. I try to make up for it now. I was a very aware and high functioning drunk. I knew if you drank every day to the point of blacking out you were an alcoholic so I was but I made it to work everyday I never drank before work I graduated from college I always took a cab. These things were always my shield my arguments against what I knew in my heart what every person in my life without exception had told me that I was fucking off the rails. You don't realize in the thick of it how exhausting it is to have this conversation with yourself every time you open a beer until the day you stop having to have it. To be honest mostly I only suffered socially saying fucked up shit to my friends and family. Making a complete fool out of myself every time we went somewhere with alcohol which after you turn 21 is pretty much everywhere. Even a very alcohol driven suicide attempt. It's hard to look at the people who found you with a gun in your mouth the next day and not really know yourself what had triggered this very scary episode. But this never stopped me a life without alcohol was impossible to picture how could I do anything fun how could I forget the great times that had because of a drunken decision I had drank since I was 13 it was part of who I was at my core. Which is why I hate being told I'm in recovery. Recovery implies that you are getting back to some better state. What am I fucking recovering to when I was 12. No this is something completely new for me and in the truest definition it is sublime. Maybe old timers can be in recovery but I'm a millennial and maybe we didn't know it at the time but our drug culture makes the hippies look like they sat around at dead shows having milk and cookies. Think about it if you are one of us every kind of drug has been available to us since we were teenagers. And I'm cool with that. I have done a lot of drugs every shroom or acid trip I've been on at one point it became clear to me that my drinking was a problem. And with no shame I will tell you that I do do drugs I will eat acid or shrooms or E or a line of coke here and there smoking weed I don't even see as anything taboo. I'd highly recommend staying clear of crack heroin and meth since those put you in positions where you end up in church basements. And to be honest for me not one of those things even held a candle to how alcohol made me feel. When I took those a part of me was still there the little narrator in my head was somehow unaffected but when I drank he was along for the ride just as fucked up as me. So for me unlike a lot of these programs if you decide to do a drug that is not the one pulling your strings and it helps you unwind please do it especially if it keeps you out of the vice grip. But I guess onward with my story I left NY and moved to pittsburgh and of course the love of my life was still with me. And it didn't take long for the new people in my life to see what the old people in my life had saw that I was a fucking crazy alcoholic. And even worse here there were no cabs so I began to drive every time pushing how much I had before I got behind the wheel. That was until May 12th 2015. I left the bar by my house 10 drinks over 4 hours I felt fine I had been controlling it. That was another thing I was always fighting this losing battle that I was one of those people that could control it I'm not and never will be and that's ok. I drove my new car that had been a gift from my aunt down the block to my house and then I was on the ground. It took me a minute and then I realized the car was on its side. A drunk hit clipping the parked car on my right flipping mine. My passenger on top of me in the driver's seat blood pouring down my arm. He asked  what are we going to do?  and all I could say was  fuck boys I rolled her  quoting bubbles from the trailer park boys. I tell him we are going to run and report the car stolen. We were less than five mins from home. I push the passenger door open. I grab him and he's stuck. I pull harder but no avail. I sit back down blood now smeared all over the car. Then the face of one of the people who lived in the houses on the block pokes his head in the open passenger door above us. He informed us he had called 911. So I sit and I wait I knew I had just fucked up my new life the new job I got everything. We both get pulled from the wreck and taken to the hospital. I remember being on the stretcher looking up at the glass above the E.R. entrance that showed my reflection. That glass held a truth. One that I could no longer deny. That this was going to be my fate next time I most likely wouldn't get the chance to see my reflection this wasn't just my reflection it was my future it was going to be the end of my story. Blood work takes 5 days to come back so I got my 9 stitches for $2000 and a $2000 ambulance ride (so let's feel the bern this election) and I got sent home. I slept a little and then I googled A.A. I went to a meeting that night. Those words from pat the bunny ringing in my head. If I was going to do this I needed help. I can't ever tell you how much it helped. It let me see a life without alcohol. To hear other people tell their stories stories that were ripped from the pages of my life and that they now lived without drinking. I did what they told me to do. It's been nine months now. I don't go to meetings anymore. I don't believe in a higher power. I go to bars with my friends. I keep beers in the fridge for company. I may go back to A.A. sometime but I don't need it now. For me unlike what they say in A.A. that you have to admit you have no control it is all about control that I am in control. The love from my family and friends is what gets me through and that I can now return it. I can go out after 8pm because I'm not to drunk to walk I don't wake up and worry who I hurt the night before anymore. A wonderful girl who would have never even spoke to me for more than five mins back then is in my life. These things get me through more than any meeting or some phantom higher power ever could. It took me a while to figure out who I am without drinking but I like who I'm seeing. So all I can say is at first get help do what they tell you then once you get a grip tailor that to you and your addiction because it is a unique as the person that is waiting for you on the other side the you you see yourself as. If you struggle good luck and I hope though we may never meet that you join me on the other side. The grass really is greener over here.                                 
----------immediate responses--------

I really relate to when you said you're trying to recover back to being 12 years old - I have been thinking lately that the person I need to be is actually something I lost way back when I was a kid where all my low self esteem/emotional issues that led to the drinking comes from. I don't want to admit this because I wish there was a quicker fix or I could just suck it up and get on with things but the problems I have go back a long way. Congrats on 9 months
Congratulations.  I hope that control thing works for you!
This gave me chills. So so well written and right on point. I wish I had more to say. Best post I've read in a grip.
[deleted]
