-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44zm0j/i_dont_really_want_to_stop_drinking/

For the last few months I have been struggling with the amount of alcohol I drink. It is probably not much by many people's standards but it is too much for me. And I drink almost every night...I know I need to stop I know I will be healthier I know the mornings are so much better when I haven't drank and I know my mental health status will greatly improve as well as my bank account. But I really don't want to stop. I just wish it didn't have such a firm grasp on my life. ..I journal about it come up with cost-benefit analysis about it but it still doesn't help. I know that I am in denial about things and I just have to accept that this has more control over me than I would prefer. Logically I know all of the things that I need to admit but I really just don't want to quit...I even think I create more stress over not wanting to quit than not being able to. Has anyone else had this experience?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;But I really don't want to stop. I just wish it didn't have such a firm grasp on my life...I felt like that for a long time. Unfortunately its grasp didn't loosen only tighten so one day I decided it was time to try another way. I quit *for a while* to begin with because long-term wasn't conceivable to me. I hit my initial sober goals (30 days pushed out to 60 90 120 days) - and by that stage I not only had the confidence that I can live sober I discovered that it's how I wanted to stay. It's weird to me now how I went from being trapped by alcohol and yet being completely attached to it to forging a new life in which alcohol is now a worthless poison to me. My health fitness career finances and happiness are all better off.
My last few months of drinking I also didn't want to stop. Well I'd wake up in the morning hungover and tell myself I was done but whatever motivation I had evaporated after a couple days. This happened countless times in my last three months of drinking. It was also very discouraging for me because the last time I got sober (almost 2 years ago sober for about 2 1/2 months) the motivation came immediately and easily. Just goes to show how alcohol had strengthened its grip over me a huge amount in a relatively short amount of time. For me the realization that I'd tested my luck for a while and that eventually something bad was going to happen from drinking was what got me to stop. Now that I've put some distance between myself and that last drink I don't EVER want to go back to that drunk-blackout-hungover-drunk cycle...I agree with the post above about trying to aim for a shorter amount of time alcohol-free. Taking it one day at a time my confidence has grown since I stopped and alcohol has only become less appealing. That realization that I don't need alcohol in my life is very liberating.
I didnt either but I did because I was tired of the battle.  It was wearing me down slowly over the years.  I want to get drunk every now and then and get that manic fun feeling I love so much.  I know where this will lead me.  DOWN
Folks say you have to want to stop in order to stop.. not really true...I didn't want to stop I had to stop due to it just tearing my life body and mind apart. I hated the idea of stopping. Right now I hate the idea of being sober...Wanting it will make it easier.. but it can still be done either way. I wish I wanted to stop I told myself and others I wanted to stop. That was a lie though because I wanted it more than much anything else. I still stopped though because as much as I didn't want to stop I didn't want to die even more.
All the time.  There's a part of me that still doesn't want to stop to be honest but that's my "lower self" talking since I know where that goes.  I was thinking about my favorite vineyard today; I hate the *idea* that I'll never taste their Cab Franc again.  But going down that bunny trail simply isn't helpful.  So **today** I won't taste that wine.  I can do that no problem.  It's always when I get out ahead of myself that my mind does its weird trips.  Today I am not drinking.
I just didn't want to have to work at it but I wanted it. I wanted my desire to quit to be enough it wasn't. So I'm not sure what the answer is if you don't want to at all.
