-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/450wo8/i_am_not_ok_came_off_meds_and_anxiety_is_in_full/

Came off Cymbalta about a month ago. I feel like there's something really wrong with me and I don't know what to do outside of checking myself into a hospital. I'm afraid I'm going to hurt myself if this gets any worse. I don't want to drink but I keep getting that annoying outside voice telling me that it will assuage my anxieties. I know it won't but I'm at a loss for what to do anymore. I can't keep popping klonopin (perscribed). I saw my psychiatrist yesterday and he told me to see him in a few weeks and see how my new 'base line' anxiety/depression is without long term medication. I don't even know if I can wait that long--everyday is starting to be a struggle to want to stay alive. I've never felt this bad in my entire life--never had as many intrusive throughts about suicide. It's scaring the shit out of me and I'm so overwhelmed with everything else in my life that I'm just paralyzed in fear. ..Any advice or kind words are welcome. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry to hear you are struggling.  Why did your Dr. take you off the Cymbalta?  Did you taper off?  Hang in there!
I would either get back to the psych asap or alternatively go and see an alternate psych. You don't want anything bad to happen whether it's a relapse or something much worse like suicide. Go and see someone ASAP. Two weeks is just way too long to wait in your state please do it and let us know how you go.
Please do NOT be alone right now. Do you have a friend/family member near you?
If you are feeling suicidal please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1(800)273-8255. According to their website the call is confidential and free and someone is available to talk to you 24/7.
This happened to me in September and October. It was really scary. I got through it by telling my husband about the thoughts I was having and remembering that they were NOT true and were caused by funky brain chemistry...I also went to the gym and found that I needed to drink a lot more water and drink a lot less caffeine...A few months later and I am feeling better. I still have bad days (every 3 days I will have a bad anxiety day) but my psychiatrist and I are figuring out the next step...My motto was: "My brain is adjusting. My brain is adjusting. My brain is adjusting"
I'm not sure how to better assist you than what has been suggested but I want you to know that I'll be thinking of you and hoping that you feel better. ..Maybe try compartmentalizing moments versus thinking of everything collectively? Make pebbles of the mountain and reward yourself for kick the shit out of the pebbles! ..Sending you hugs! 
[deleted]
Sorry that I'm a little late but I hope you're feeling better now...I too know how it feels to come off an SSRI/SNRI. Dear god the brain zaps! I recently missed a couple of doses due to forgetting my meds at home. It was the first time I've had anything close to a panic attack in the last couple of months; and unfortunately the only way to calm myself was to grab a couple drinks...In my experience sobering up after a long night of drinking and especially hangovers are the only times that a panic attack is triggered. You mentioned you're taking Klonopin which is a benzo. Benzos act on the same system as alcohol which is why it has a calming effect used to alleviate desire for alcohol &amp; treat the DTs. ..Like I mentioned my worst time for anxiety is after drinking. Do you think that maybe coming off the SNRI which allows for better anxiety management and continuing to use Klonopin may be triggering your anxiety? This sounds counter-intuitive but if the anxiety seems to be *severely* worse after the Klonopin wears off it may be a better option to continue with the SNRI and wean off the Klonopin. ..**I"M NOT A DOCTOR OR A SPECIALIST!** I'm only going by my own experiences. Also like many people maybe you weaned off of the SNRI too quickly. I know for me getting off my meds takes *months*. Weaning off after a month sounds terrifying to me!..Anyways. You are loved &amp; supported by us. You don't need to drink to be ok - and you *will* be ok.
I'm sorry to hear you're having such a rough time. I hope you're feeling a little better today. ..I totally get (as in understandrelate) panic attacks. They are awful. I would be really hesitant to come off my meds as quickly as you did. In my experience most psychiatrists follow a "physically safe" guideline for tapers not necessarily a "psychologically safe" guideline which is different for everyone and much harder to predict. I know I can always email my doctor to get a quick response before my next appointment. Is that something you have available to you? Good luck. Panic attacks suck. 
I hope you made it through the night OK and you're able to get some  help today...There are lots of good short-term suggestions already. Thinking a little longer the [ABCs](http://www.slideshare.net/SMARTRecovery/smart-recovery-abcs) were one of the best tools I found to combat my suicidal thoughts. I focused first on Disputing the thoughts. Once that became automatic I was able to examine the activating events and begin to effect new thoughts either directly or by reducing my triggers. ..Hang in there!
Do reach back out to your therapist.. I hope you have been taught some coping mechanisms some exercises to do. ..*I am not a doctor* ..I have come off antidepressants before. It took me MONTHS to stabilize. I am a nurse and I knew a bit more to rationalize that it was temporary but *still* I was a hot mess. ..Try visualizations (at that point meditations did nothing for me).I took to physical activity like it was my lifeline. ...Please keep us posted!!..
If I am in a bad place with self harming thoughts I reach out to my doc immediately.  I am sorry to hear what you are going through.  I cannot imagine what it must feel like.
I hope you are feeling better today. I'm so sorry to hear you are struggling with these things it's scary I know. Please just continue to reach out... here on the suicide hotline your doc the emergency room whatever is necessary. You are not alone we got you!
