-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/451jvk/what_is_so_different_this_time/

I read so many of the posts here and I see my struggle. My own voice of despair. How many times had I tried to stop drinking but just couldn't. Until recently even the idea of 10 days of sobriety looked like a mountain. Never mind the question   what happens on day eleven? Mine was an exercise in futility.  ..Each person has a  rock bottom' and for some it is more destructive than others. But it is a place where you face yourself on such basic and human terms there is nowhere else to go. In that place I found my acknowledgement. The funny thing is while the sobriety road is hard at times it is not entirely a difficult path to walk any more.  ..My question   is  rock bottom' a necessary process for a permanent commitment? Is there no easy way out? .
----------immediate responses--------

I don't believe there is an answer to that question that will work for everyone. I'm currently going through my bottom in the form of some really truly devastatingly difficult stuff with my wife who I believe may have just given up on me. It has been enough to convince me once and for all that I will never be able to enjoy sobriety or find happiness in life if I don't give in to the fact that I am powerless over alcohol. But I believe it is too bleak of a thing to think that all we alcoholics must go through some great tragedy before we "see the light." I believe there is hope for all of us if we want it; we just have to ask for it.
Someone on here (probably /u/coolcrosby) said to me "Rock bottom is the point where you put down the shovel". ...For some people rock bottom is the first time they wake up slightly hungover at 16. For others they are still shovelling shit in ICU as they succumb to liver disease. Bottoms are very personal things. ...The other thing about rock bottoms is that they are quite easily rationalised. No matter how badly you've fucked up there is always some way it could be worse the next time or in that you were lucky it wasn't worse this time. That's why folk carry on even after apparent disasters. 
I had a lot of new lows along the way I think there would have been deeper lows had I continued drinking I wouldn't say I reached rock bottom and I have no intention to find one. I stopped drinking on the day I opened my eyes to my problem and the risk to my health admitted it to myself my husband and doctor and decided to make a change. Four months along the way I discovered that sober is how I want to stay - to avoid the trap and negative consequences of my drinking and because once I discovered how to live sober it's not something I'd want to give up. I feel like I have rediscovered my life having largely drowned it out for years.
While all of us that stop drinking reach the  bottom  it happens at a unique place for that person.  I notice and I've heard other say they notice it when  a moment of clarity  pierces the fog.  It was when for me that I said  I can't go on like this anymore.   ..Now we're all on the same path.  We all have the same mile markers.  They are first  Intoxicated .  Usually fun at first.  Then the path gets steeper and it's not as much fun.  Then comes  Incapacitated .  Side trips there include  Black Outs   Falling Down  and things like  Where's My Car? .  Continuing on next is  Incarcerated .  Lot's of side trips here that include  DUI   Jail  possibly  Prison .  Sometimes there are bonus locations here including  Lost Job    Divorce   Lost House and Children   Career Ruined   Financial Bankruptcy  and sometimes  Personal Bankruptcy.   Continuing on the path are two more mile markers:   Institutionalized  and finally where the road reaches it's dead end  Interred. ..My experience is that each traveler reaches their  bottom  somewhere along the path.  Mine happened before  Incapacitated  but JUST BARELY.  That's after drinking for more than 20 years.  However my life was  definitely unmanageable  in the areas of: Emotional Health Spiritual Heath and Physical Health.  While at first I felt pretty good when I heard others' stories of woe I learned that I was actually fortunate.  When they said  Yeah I lost my wife my kids my house was arrested got DUIs went to jail    the voice in my head would say  Well see you're not really like THEM that hasn't happened to me!  I learned I just had to add the word  YET  to each sentence and in time it would be me...This is the "easier and softer way"...Where is YOUR bottom?  What does it take?  When have you had  enough ?  We're here for you!.
[deleted]
I dont think rock bottom is necessary. For me though there did need to be a significant difference and that meant my life had to get worse. It then took about two years of trying before I just... Gave up. It was kind of easy then. 
