-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/452p6c/struggling_with_my_program/

Good morning SD. I guess this is directed to the AA peeps here...I'm on meeting 22 of my 90 in 90. I missed an IRL meeting one day and the first few days I was sober I was in no fit condition to sit in a chair.....I guess I'm writing this because I'm having a hard time actually letting go of my will...I'm having trouble concentrating in the meditation meetings (I hit 2 or 3 a week). I'm getting glimpses of living a sober life but I guess I'm what people call a dry drunk right now...I'm happy I'm hopeful but I still have this nagging hole inside that begs to be filled. I am comforted by meetings and Ive started to be of service at some...I guess I'm asking: how do I let go entirely? How do I turn my life and my will over to a higher power? ..I've accepted a higher power and I do get glimpses of its actions in my daily life; my creativity is returning in little (exhausting) bursts and a seed that was planted months ago has manifested into a move to a more supportive environment conducive to my recovery...but I'm reluctant to say "fuck it all I screw *everything* up on my own take the reins"...what's the turning point? Am I over analyzing?..Kind of rambling thoughts...sorry about that...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey..Honestly; I have not been to an AA meeting but from what I gather it is more aimed at the 'soul' behaviours your thoughts and feelings? Please correct me if I'm wrong. (if not could you maybe tag this approach as "will power"?)..What I just want to suggest is that you also need to consider the logical/practical side of alcohol as a drug. Teaching your brain to understand that it is an unsafe drug which physically destroys you. ..I fully accept you need the emotional side to be addressed but at the same time you also need to take steps to shift your underlying perception of what 'alcohol' actually is. Could potentially be along the lines of what you think you may be missing? If so maybe you need books that directly challenge societies views and interaction with the drug? 
Welcome and thanks for posting. From what I can see you're pretty much where I was at your stage (honestly you're doing a little better - it took me months to start taking it seriously). It's not uncommon to feel a little unsteady this early in. It's also difficult to accept the premise that alcoholism is "chronic progressive and fatal" and not feel at least a little panicked in the short term...Struggling with your ego is something that you're probably going to be doing forever. My own recovery was marked by throwing in the flag early in then trying to claw it back for the subsequent four years. I've come to believe that that's just how we're wired. Don't worry; staying with the process is all you're needing to do at this point. You're not a dry drunk - just an impatient one. Which is to say a pretty typical one. Keep up the good work. Congratulations on three weeks and congratulations on finding a way out.
For me giving up the drink was like losing a dear loved one. I was very depressed for several weeks. In time as my head began to clear and my body began to heal I gained new perspective. It takes time to heal and sounds like you are on the right track. Best wishes.
Firstly congrats on your sober time. Early sobriety for me was insanely hard lots of physical cravings and my god the mental cravings were even worse...Secondly: Rule 62 applies (read tradition four for amplification). Don't take yourself too damn seriously! You are doing awesome. You're struggling with the BIG questions and actively seeking to improve yourself. Just keep coming you might not get it all at once but eventually you will...Again mad props you are doing it!
Fake it until you make it.   Sobriety is progressive just like alcoholism is.   You are doing fine!
[fight club to the rescue!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuYxp7-Au4E)...But in all seriousness I'd say you're doing great!  If you were miserable and had no hope I might figure you as a dry drunk but what I see is someone working thinking taking action by asking questions; all good things IMO....The third step prayer as I understand it is a commitment I make to my God (higher power the universe good orderly direction I don't know to be honest) that I'm going to complete the rest of the steps.  I was also at the point where I was thinking "fuck it man lets see where this takes me"....Also to me it doesn't mean that I'll end up as a robot absolutely incapable of making my own decisions.  If I got to a point where I was actually thinking "I should pray about what I should have for dinner tonight" i'd check myself into an asylum....Someone told me that WE make our own decisions but we ask God (again whoever or whatever the fuck that may be) to be with us in those decisions good or bad.  
