-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/454ae4/relapse_is_not_a_fail/

After 5.5 years sober I drank one night after a motorcycle accident. I am 1 year abstinent again. I prefer..."I drank one night in six and a half years."  Not..."after five and half years I relapsed and had to start all over again." 
----------immediate responses--------

I am with you on that.....considering I pretty much drank almost every day - to drink only 2x in a month - is amazing for me. I definitely look at those episodes as SLIPs (Sobriety Lost its Importance)...a relapse is when I drank after 1 year sober and didn't stop for 6 months...that's a relapse (to me anyway). My SLIPs get fewer and farther between and eventually they'll stop. .
I agree. 
someone told me it's what you do after the relapse that matters
That's a problem I have with badges. I think I overjudge people who have a lesser count than me (I'm 2 weeks in). As if every progress that was done before a relapse was thrown in the garbage. It's a process and I know we can sometimes relapse. I try to live one day at a time to avoid that thinking...I don't have a badge right now. I wonder when I will feel the pull of having one. After one month? 6 months? A year? And I hope that I will do it (or not) for the right reasons.
I just learned there is lapsing and relapsing. Relapse means falling in to the old ways(binge drinking hiding drinking passing out etc). Drinking a little and realizing you stopped for a reason isn't a relapse just a lapse.
Totally agree. It was a hiccup a speed bump you still get to pass GO and collect your $200. 
I agree. And I hate when AA people make you go up and get a 24 hour coin in front of the entire meeting like a walk of shame. .
you're doing a great job in my eyes.
Thank you all!  I think we need to redefine success in this struggle we share. If my drinking episodes get shorter and less severe and the time in between gets longer that's progress. I hated "coming back" to AA. The shame was unbearable.  And that shame kept sending me back to the bottle....
I quit drinking on Nov. 14 2015 but about 2 weeks later I did have a bottle of wine...BUT I got NO pleasure out of it I didn't want anymore and it showed me that I really DO want to stay sober. Therefore I don't count that as a fail and I didn't reset my badge because it wasn't a full-on relapse in my mind. It is the whole attitude that I had afterwards that really makes me think that I had made the right call. I was more than happy to say goodbye for good after that and I haven't looked back since. :)
[removed]
Posted this before but it's appropriate. ..Sobriety is like a journey down a road. You just went in the ditch. So get back on the road and keep going. Don't go all the way back to the beginning and start over. ..If FedEx fucks up delivering my package they don't have to go re-deliver all the packages they delivered before mine 
and before you know it you will be able to say in the last 10 years I've only drank 1 night...that was almost 5 years ago...
[removed]
It's not a competition. ..The only reason to share your time sober is to inspire other people. ..The danger (and I speak from experience) is that you may become ok with occasional lapses. You may fool yourself into thinking you have the consistent ability to control your drinking. I had a couple of periods where I was okay no consequences and the lapses became more frequent. But moderate imbibing reduced my inhibition and the next thing I knew I was smack in the cycle- a drunk. ..However my sober experience helped me pick up and get straightened out much more quickly. You don't lose the sober time. 
This is a personal battle between you and  alcohol. Even in AA everyone is working on the "honor system". The definition of "honor system is:.a system in which people are trusted to follow rules and to act in an honest way. With  giving up drinking you have to be honest with yourself. I'm not throwing darts at anyone here.  Anyone could walk into AA and say "yea man I haven't had a drink in 12 years. Only the person talking at that moment knows  his or her truth.His or her current battle or victory.
The important thing is going back to pick up that white chip. How you count your sobriety is entirely up to you and I agree with your statement. ..I was once in a meeting and a woman from out of town spoke up to say that she had something like 25 years of sobriety and was upset because while on vacation she smoked some weed with a friend and now her husband who is also a friend of Bill W felt she needed to pick up another white chip. I talked to her after the meeting and the result isn't important but the real problem was that to throw away all she had earned and was proud of was likely to be more detrimental to her continuing sobriety. ..I tend to look at it as if you've had a "slip" and you want to continue to count your sobriety from before that I'm okay with that but if you truly "went back out" to drink for a serious amount of time - months or even years you really need to start over. 
[deleted]
Its all well and good to get back on the horse if we falter. But I think we need to be carefull with this attitude. It is not ok if I drink. I fucking hurt people. I hurt myself. I was a menace to society. And if I have one there is no telling if I come back tomorrow next week kill somebody drunk driving or drink myself to death. Im an alcoholic. The outcome is out of my hands. if it wasnt a big deal I would be drinking right now.
I totally agree! This whole post is so refreshing!
I feel that "My Ego is not my amigo" the times I have drank from being sober it was my ego saying.. Dude you got this just don't get hammered. 3 nights after that soft night I would be downing jack like it was the civil war and they were about to come saw one of my legs off... Just keep with it 2 weeks.. 2 days.. 6 years
Thank you for posting this!
I am 2 and a half years sober. In the beginning a lot I would use cannabis to get over my DT's the physical and emotional pain. That led me into meditation and Buddhism. I went from drinking everyday and sometimes doing pills or coke. To Meditating everyday being a vegetarian and not fapping. I really credit my wanting to better my life and the Cannabis.
If you have a "relapse" that means you've made progress. So definitely think of it overall as a win. And recognizing it and correcting it is the biggest thing.  
I believe more people would voluntarily seek help for an alcohol use disorder if we changed the language.  I don't use words like "drunk" "alcoholic" "relapse"...they set a tone of shame judgment and stigma. Those absolutes: sober/drunk clean/dirty good/bad pass/fail.  
I drank three times this last week after 154 days sober. I'm trying to not let it get to me. Thanks for this.
Relapse IS technically a fail. BUT... failure is a very normal part of success. You can't have one without the other. 
I like your attitude. :) 
I absolutely love this post. It has helped keep me positive! A lapse not a relapse... Now moving forward :)
