-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/458hl2/relapsed_multiple_times_the_past_3_weeks_i_feel/

I am living back at home after dropping College etc. Mum found a bottle of expensive drink under my bed (Was hers but I said I took it to a work do and would reimburse the money when really I drank it all myself). I have E-Mailed in sick to work and they are pepetually calling me for an explanation. Being sober had its great days but then days I drank it was like I purposely tripped myself up - I don't feel like theres any point in me personally being sober because I don't like my life or myself moreso. I hate everything about myself it's not like being sober is going to clear this fog and allow me to see everything in a new light there is nothing about myself that can be cleared I hate who I am I hate my looks I hate my past and painful things that have happened and at 23 I feel as though my life is over. I have frinds who don't bother to get in touch or who let me down an example being the other day a friend and I arranged to meet it was her birthday so i got her some flowers and waited outside my work where we agreed we would beet for 2 hours - she didn't turn up. I had text nothing. She just didn't turn up. I don't feel like I have anything to gain from anything in life I honestly don't. That space between sboreity and black-out drunk is the only period where I feel relatively ok that kind of dozy floaty feeling you get when drinking hits you like this soft wave and everything stops feeling like a big deal. I just don't know what to do when nothing feels worth it I'm not suicidal just completely tired of life.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry you are upset. Have you thought about inpatient? Surrounding yourself with people who can relate and can help you work through some things but just be what you need:) 
I don't think anyone will take me seriously to be inpatient. 
Is it financially possible for therapy and psych eval?  I'm not trying to be your doctor but alcoholism seems to stem from something deeper.  For you sobriety is only step 1...
Thanks for reaching out.  It's clear you're in pain.  My heart goes out to you.  I know for me I wanted a better life.  I also accepted that life would not magically change with a few days of not drinking.  As others have said here one step at a time.  One Day at a time.  It's not a "microwave" life in which we pop it in for a few seconds and it comes out all done.  Support fellowship a plan  all these things helped me.  ..Do you have a plan?
Sounds like you're in a really dark place right now. Alcohol may not be the cause of it but turning to drink isn't going to get you out of it either. When life doesn't feel worth it anymore it's time to ask for some help. Depending on where you are you can either start with your own doc or reach out directly to a therapist.  It can be the most difficult thing in the world to reach out for help when you feel like nothing is worth doing....but please try. If I could reach through my monitor and offer my hand I would.
It's a clich  but at your age you really can "be or become anything you want to". You have the time the youth the energy. Your 20's fly by so the time is nigh to set some goals and stride towards them.
Damn man this  post is really like deja vu to me. I can say I was in a very similar situation as yours not too long ago. I graduated college at 23 landed my first job and moved back home to save up some money "temporarily". Started getting stressed out about the job and living at home and missing my friends so I started drinking more (I was already a big drinker in college). I would steal my parents booze I would hide any booze I bought because I didn't want the rents to know. Every weekend if I was not going out with friends I would get blackout drunk by myself. I have never had much self-esteem so drinking helped build it up a bit and made all the negative thoughts I had about my current situation go away (at least temporarily). Well the longer I stayed on this path the more miserable I became the more I drank and the harder and harder it was to quit. Almost exactly a year ago I had my worst week. Its my busiest time of year at work and last year the stress really got to me. I cannot take time off and really should work at least a few hours each day. Well One weekend I went home and drank for 3-4 days straight. Ended up missing some work and was freaking out about life in general. I had been seeing a alcohol abuse consoler for a few months but this was my worst episode by far. I tried to get into a inpatient program but I was told "since I had not tried outpatient and other options they would not accept me at this time". I knew I needed to get sober as alcohol was ruining my life. I got some meds and started trying for the first time to quit drinking. I relapsed a few times over the last year but it has all been worth it. Its crazy how much abusing alcohol affects your mind. I went from hating my life and everything about myself at 23-24 to starting to enjoy life again and liking myself (now 26). I have been going on some dates with a girl who is not a big drinker and also moved out of my parents place recently. It is again the busy time of the year for me at work but although It is stressful its manageable this time around. I can pretty much say without a doubt that if you put down the bottle you will start to feel better about yourself and life should get better. It does take time but any day without a drink you are accomplishing something. The only days wasted are days we spend drunk off our asses..."That space between sboreity and black-out drunk is the only period where I feel relatively ok that kind of dozy floaty feeling you get when drinking hits you like this soft wave and everything stops feeling like a big deal. I just don't know what to do when nothing feels worth it I'm not suicidal just completely tired of life." ..I honestly felt this exact same way at your age. The thing is... drowning yourself with booze is not going to make this better. Also if you continue on this path of using booze to solve problems not only will the problems get worse but your tolerance will increase. Then it will be harder &amp; harder to reach that "dozy floating" feeling until you cannot reach it anymore. Then the withdrawal starts kicking in and the only way to feel better is to have another drink. That's where your weekend drinking turns into daily drinking. Its a shit path to be on and although I was only on it temporally I can say I never want to go back...
I had hard emotional times in my mid 20s as well high depression when I really shouldn't have. I feel like that era has huge emotional swings. But I'm glad I went thru it because I know how bad mentally I can feel and how much I appreciate a peace of mind now (in 30s) I feel like that period of time if when you truly find yourself. Hang in there
I am genuinely touched by your individual responses and your taking the time to give me sound and sincere advice. It is just an incredibly long tiring and draining process and the good days aren't consistent enough yet to be able to bloom out the bad. Thank you everyone I don't really know what else to say.
Not drinking allowed me to tackle the issues that made me unsatisfied with life. I really hate that vicious cycle of drinking because I'm unhappy and then being unhappy because I'm drinking.  I wasn't able to fix it myself or think my way out of it. I needed a therapist and support group. Serious actions...There's still things about me that I can't stand but I have peace of mind because I know I can improve.  Keep posting even if you're relapsing.  Been there. 
