-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45fmq1/tough_weekend_ahead/

Some background: My planned weekly routine for the last few years has been sobriety during the work week followed by weekend binge drinking while alone usually while playing videogames. The drinking however would sometimes bleed into the week leading to unproductive days at work and generally feeling like shit (guilt + hangover). ..Just last Sunday on a day when I typically lie around nursing my hangover so that I can function on Monday I decided that I was wasting my time on the weekends. I barely travel see friends or do anything productive when I have free time. I just sit in front of the tv and drink. So I thought enough is enough get clean...And the week has been great. I felt like I was doing something great for myself and was feeling very enthused and energetic while working. But I was somewhat used to sober weekdays. I could spend late hours in the lab avoid free time and the urge to drink. But Fridays and Saturdays always had the urge to drink which I once again am battling...I want to go home tonight pour out all of the alcohol in my apartment and just survive one sober weekend. This was my plan all week. But now that Friday hits I find myself questioning this plan. "You can manage a few drinks and still function ok during the workweek like usual." But at the same time I know this would be disappointing myself. I would end up hungover on Sunday cursing another wasted weekend and generally feeling like shit...Anyhow the point of this long rant is that I am looking for suggestions on what you guys feel to be effective methods of countering these somewhat strong urges to relapse. Avoiding triggers (e.g. in my case playing videogames)? Distracting myself with other tasks? Any help would be appreciated!..edit: Thank you all for the support! Night 1 (central european time) has been a success :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hi!   Have you taken the alcohol assessment quiz in the sidebar?..For me AA has helped with filling my extra time and avoiding triggers.
I think you're on the right track in suspecting that it would be helpful to change the routine. Can you get the hell out of Dodge in that respect--instead of playing video games can you make a quick plan for some other activities--simple stuff like a hike or long walk plans to get together with a friend w/o alcohol see a movie or a play plan an early morning run visit an animal shelter explore your public library sign up at the Y and go swimming etc etc etc.....&gt;I would end up hungover on Sunday cursing another wasted weekend and generally feeling like shit...This is avoidable. I lied to myself *so many* weekends... it was a relief to get to Friday (mainly because I was recovering from weekday drinking) and the weekend stretched out in front of me... surely a beer on Friday night couldn't hurt. But one turned into many so hungover Saturday and then had a couple Saturday to take the edge off and so hungover Sunday... and that's the weekend. ..Tomorrow I'm gonna clean shit at my house and it's miserable but I won't be. I'll be sober and getting stuff done. Join me in that?
In early sobriety I recommend scheduling every minute of your weekends for awhile. See movies plan hikes museum day AA as for alcohol don't look at it don't touch it smell it hold it buy it just stay away entirely once you have made up your mind it's easier not to. Don't reward feeling good by making yourself feel worse....cause you know you will......and if you want to keep trying to prove you won't you might wake up 10 years from now with no proof and no life like I did. Even if I proved I wasn't an alcoholic what did I prove? That I'm ready to cut off my nose to spite my face? Seem reasonable? Never did to me but then it just "happened".
Stay busy doing other things. Get out and do something you haven't done in a long time. Maybe something your weekend binges have prevented you from doing...Good luck. You can do this!!
I survived it you can too! I'm entering my 2nd weekend and feel amazingly in control (i've turned down an invite to the pub with my oldest friend and biggest drinking partner) and played hardball with an alcoholic neighbour who has perhaps unintentionally been trying to lure me back to situations where avoiding drink wold be really hard...However in order to survive my 1st weekend I focused on two areas; INFLUENCE and ROUTINE. ..I didn't drive past my usual shops where I picked up a fuck load of booze on the way home. .I joined the gym and got my ass there... and now I'm loving it more than being at home (where that is that influence if a see a neighbour.. need to move out!)..Trust me... battle through this weekend and you will go into work on Monday with your head held high... and when you reach the 2nd weekend you will feel like you are going to kick its ass!   
