-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45g9go/am_i_struggling_at_the_moment_because_i_can/

When I quit I was essentially living off savings and the generosity of my parents and so I remained for many months. Towards the end of last year I started earning a small bit of money maybe a couple hundred pounds a month which went on day to day life shit. Three weeks ago I started working a full time job again and have now got enough money to live more or less as I was before I quit my last job and shortly after drinking. ..I have also been struggling with the same old issues around work life balance and bad sleep and lack of energy and feeling pretty miserable about that. ..I don't know if it's work misery (which isn't constant and is worse when I'm tired) that is making me want to drink or if it's simply that I have money again edit: and therefore can afford (in the strictly short term financial sense) to drink again that my brain has decided to tempt me back to drinking. Even going so far as to rationalise that I have to try drinking again after all these months if only to prove I can't do it which is illogical and silly...Anyone had similar experiences?..Edit: as much as I appreciate them and know they come from a good place I don't want generic alcoholic advice comments please read the post thoroughly and respond to the actual question/points therein. (Sorry it's such a pet peeve of mine on this sub)
----------immediate responses--------

I had a very similar experience. I was at a high-paying job while I was drinking and spent much of the money I made on booze but now I make very little money and am oddly happier. No amount of money can compensate for the misery alcohol brought into my life. 
My experience which is pretty common around here is that neither extra money nor work stress had anything to do with my drinking. At the time I convinced myself that was the case but after a period of sobriety I had a startling realization. These were just rationalizations. I drank too much because I was addicted to alcohol.
[removed]
If you start drinking again how likely are you to keep your nice new full time job? I would make a budget and ensure I know where all my money is going so it doesn't feel like I have tons to blow.  How much extra do you really have?  Make sure you've accounted for savings and debt etc. There's no way the cost of a relapse can be factored into any budget...Btw I saw your name and your lovely number 268 and I did a little happy dance. Keep going!!!
I have man. Now that I'm temporarily salaried it's so tempting to drink when the craving strikes because I can afford it. Stupid brain I really can't! I can't put myself back in the bars wasting myself away. ..I feel you so much here. We can get through this!
People who do not have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol do not have these thoughts. with all due respect unfortunately you are an alcoholic the disease will try every trick in the book to get you back on the poison.
Money + misery + work-life balance adjustment + no sleep = massive relapse potential
