-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45gb4a/seeing_a_little_bit_of_improvement/

So I stopped drinking because I had taken on a pattern of drinking and dishonest living that threatened to separate me from my family. My wife was sick of my drinking and sick of me being full of shit on most everything...When I stopped drinking I wanted those around me to see the changes right away. I thought I would be forgiven for all my transgressions and get a clean slate. Not so fast...Despite all the improvements that I have made in myself in the past 5+ months the world isn't going to pat me on the back and I have learned that I shouldn't expect it to. ..My wife has had one foot out the door since just before I quit drinking. It has been a struggle for me to stop trying to change how she feels about me and instead focus on living in a way that might make her feel differently about me. ..Being totally honest. Being more present with my family. Doing my share at home. If I can do this and she decides to leave I'll at least have a clean conscience knowing that I tried and that I did the best I could. I can live with that...She isn't exactly head over heels in love with me but she talks to me laughs with me again. Maybe she sees me for a little bit less of the bad stuff and a little bit more of the good stuff. The changes I am making seem to help out so I will keep it up. For months I have thought I would never see her smile at me again. It seemed hopeless and I felt terrible about it. ..People told me "it takes time" but it seemed like it was taking too long. I was pretty hopeless that anything would get better...Whether or not the outside world works the way I want it to I am a better man today than I was six months ago. And I have faith that I can be a better man tomorrow than I was today. That's all the reason I need to be optimistic which is something that is new to me...Improvements don't happen quickly and they aren't always drastic (or even readily apparent) but things can really get better...Good luck to everybody out there. The struggles we share give each other the strength to try harder and be better people.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Keep it up. We are all here with you. 
"Improvements don't happen quickly and they aren't always drastic (or even readily apparent) but things can really get better." Love this thank you.
Great post. I know what you mean. I am a better person when I'm not drinking but fireworks aren't going off... :)..Thanks for sharing. Keep up the good work.
Yeah I seem to be really bad about wanting the good things to happen right away.  Good on you for noticing the gradual change. My wife seems to like me a little better too so I know that's a good feeling for you.  It sounds to me like you're doing good work.
Well done.
Thanks a lot for this post.
