-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45id99/kids/

So we were getting in the car to go to a good Mexican restaurant tonight.  I was telling my wife if she wanted to have a drink tonight with her dinner that I would be good with that.  My youngest who is 10 chimed in and says "I thought you were trying to not drink alcohol."  I told her I was still on board with the plan but mama could have one if she chose because she can choose to have just one. I have been open with my kids totally about wanting to quit and I think I am doing the right thing.  I hope they learn from my struggles and they may think twice about going down the alcohol trail.  It is nice to be accountable to them also.  It raises the bar for me.  My wife ended up not drinking and I don't think she ever will while I am with her. She understands the dry people dry places rule. I appreciate this but I feel a little guilty that she feels the need to protect me and won't  have a drink like the normal person she is.  We had a great meal and a good time so I suppose it really does not matter but the guilt eats at me a little.  Thanks for listening.  Thanks for everything SD.  You are my other family. 
----------immediate responses--------

If it true what they say about the *normies* she might not see it being as big of a deal as you do.. I wouldn't know obviously but that's what they say.. :) 
I find myself getting really annoyed when the people I'm with choose to not drink because of my presence.  JUST DRINK ALREADY. But then I realize that's on me I'm the alcoholic that thinks everyone wants a drink all the time. My friends could care less whether they drink or not. I need to stop stressing about other people's alcohol...You are very lucky to have a wife that doesn't need to drink around you. My husband is the same. Sometimes I wonder how hard it would be if he drank in front of me....definitely it would be harder. Thank goodness for supportive spouses!
Her choice her responsibility. Just like yours is yours. Although I do think you were being considerate as was she. ..
I'm the same way with my daughter. The genetics are not good for me who knows about her. But she knows some people can have one and done and I cannot. 
I've found myself encouraging my friends to have a drink since I quit drinking...and I still don't really understand why. What's happening seems to be the opposite though 2 of my friends have massively cut down the amounts they are drinking and going sober on many occasions even though I am driving them that evening...When i've quizzed them i've found out their decision has nothing to do with me - they have stopped drinking because they wanted to. I guess my stopping just removed the social peer pressure to allow them to do what they wanted to.
I don't think a normal drinker minds if they don't have a drink. My two best friends are normal drinkers and they don't mind one bit not drinking around me. It's just not a sacrifice to them the way it seems to us.
