-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45kg0p/i_need_help_i_need_encouragement_anyone/

I've had enough of my fuck ups... and sadly they are all alcohol related. I drink too much. I've decided to quit cold turkey but I'm scared. I'm afraid I will fall back into it. It is something I turn to when I am bored when I am stressed and when I'm out socializing. It has gotten out of hand. I've let myself down by driving when I know I shouldn't. I lost a family member to a drunk driver I know better but I have done it. I think I just need to say this to someone else besides myself. I struggle with anxiety and depression both diagnosed medically and I know drinking is bad for that and yet I do it. I drink to get drunk and then I hate myself every time. How do I cope? How do I stop? I couldn't even face my family today and checked into a shitty motel. I'm at my wits end. I'm mid thirties and in college because I couldn't figure out what to do after high school besides drinking and drugs. Alcohol is my drug nowadays. I'm doing well in school but feel like a fucking failure still. I know it's the alcohol. I hate waking up in a daze with a hangover but I still do it. As of today I quit. I told a good friend but I'm not good at expressing my emotions I grew up being told that is weak even though deep down I know it's not but I don't want to put myself out there. I've been in counseling before and had horrible experiences. I'm hoping by putting this here I might get some words of wisdom from people who have been where I am. I've disappointed myself so much because of my drunk bullshit. So many bad decisions. I haven't gotten in trouble legally but it's just a matter of time at this point. I need to be strong again and live to my potential. I just feel so lost right now. Sorry for being all over the place... .Edit: sorry for shitty formatting i'm on mobile...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;How do I cope? How do I stop? ..In my first few days (weeks?) of sobriety these were many of my overwhelming thoughts.  It seemed much too daunting a task.  Best advice I ever got during these times was to not even think about anything past today and to spend all of my energy working on getting through today clean and sober and if possible having done at least one positive thing for my recovery...In time all my anxieties fears and depression melted away and I realized that it was my alcoholism that was actually fueling all of them.  Life can be so much better.  Good luck!
It's normal and natural to be afraid of falling off the wagon/failing. I think we all get that sometimes. I had to learn to recognize the fear and then just let it go and focus on TODAY. I don't have to accomplish absolutely everything and become magically self-actualized in a few weeks or something. Good luck to you!
The advice below is right on. Thinking long term about sobriety early on is overwhelming for many of us. I'm not drinking TODAY!  It's like the old saying...how do you eat an elephant? ... one bite at a time...Stay strong.  You can do this! !
Agree with all the posts.  Keep at it.  I absolutely needed to stop and wanted desperately to NOT fail.  I did 147 meetings in 90 days.  Got fellowship support changed patterns that had alcohol triggers and called contacts when I got urges.  I never thought I'd NOT want to drink; couldn't imagine a life without drinking.  Yet I HAVE just that.  I don't even think about or want a drink.  Went from the "negative"energy of "I can't drink" to the positive of "I LIVE Sober".  Let us know how it's going.  Good Luck!
For me it was really really helpful to have sober support from other people who understood my drinking and my insane decision-making. I found that by going to AA. It is extremely comforting to me to be around other people who have been through the same things that I have and who understand how hard it is for someone with a drinking problem to stop. AA helps me to stay sober one day at a time when all my attempts to do it on my own eventually failed. Keep posting! I'll join you in not drinking today.
I made it through my first day now on to day two. I'm going back and forth from anxiety/depressed to hopeful. I know this change is for the best but I get sad thinking of how I let myself and others down. With my anxiety I also agonize over what my family and friends are thinking of my ridiculousness. I over think everything. I'm trying to keep a handle on it but it is hard. My schedule is not at all conducive for trying to attend meetings in person. I'm thinking of looking into online counseling and a support group. Does anyone have experience with that? I need to get help moving beyond the mess i've been living in. I've lied about how much I was fucking up and that is eating me away. Im just not able to be open with my family and closest friends for some reason.
