-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45nk5p/naltrexone/

I did a quick search and didn't see any threads on this so figured I'd start one...I'm in an evidence based treatment program that uses naltrexone to help people with chemical addictions.  I've been on it for 3 months and it's worked beautifully for me. I get a shot once a month and forget about wanting to drink. Unbelievable. ..They say it helps curbs impulsive behavior that seems to be my experience.  I never thought I'd be able to go through a day without thinking about going to a bar but nowadays it's not common for me to have those thoughts. I'd say that i think about alcohol three or four times a day instead of ten times an hour.  ..I have noticed few if any side affects. I could say that my libido is less than it was  but to be honest im not sure where it would be normally. I've got young kids at home our marriage needs a ton of work and i spent the last 2 years drinking all the time - not a very good baseline for comparison. That said i dont have the wandering eye i did before getting sober. Is it the dampening of impulsive behavior from naltrxone? The sobriety? I can't say...When i wake up in the morning i feel 'rusty' not to be confused with dehydrated. My eyes are scratchy the inside of my mouth feels a bit raw. If this is a side effect it's practically not worth mentioning...A friend of mine doesn't feel comfortable using a drug like this to help him stop drinking he sees it as substituting one drug for another.  And so I've watched him relapse every time the longest he's gone is 2 weeks.  So i disagree with him. For me this is a tool to help me while i get a handle on un-learning bad habits and reinforcing new good ones...It's working for me for now though i am a little apprehensive about stopping it. But I've been told that some people stay on it for 2 years...Anyone else want to weigh in with their experience on this or any other cessation drugs?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not trying to rag on you but..how quick of a search did you do? There are [Five results within the last week 2 within the last 24 hours.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=naltrexone&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on)
What's wrong with swapping one drug for another if the new one is infinitely healthier than the last? 
There have been several posts about Naltrexone recently. It is most effective when combined with a program of recovery. Because as you said you don't take it for life. Therefore it is important to learn sober coping skills such as those I learned from a therapist treatment and AA. 
It's a miracle drug for me. I will take it for the rest of my life if I can...I think it's reprehensible that it is so expensive.
I give Naltrexone a lot of credit for my sobriety but as /u/SOmuch2learn said it's most effective when combined with some kind of therapy program. I took Naltrexone daily for the first 5 months after I quit drinking combined with therapy and AA. Now I use it as needed combined with therapy and AA. ..I'm curious /u/lady21 how much is expensive? With my insurance it's only $15 for 30 doses.
