-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45nlv6/how_to_know_youre_a_recovering_alcoholic_a_tale/

So I just had to run a couple of errands. I needed some La Croix and my e-juice. ..So my vape shop is next to my old liquor store. When I get out of the car the owner of the liquor store is outside and sees me. He makes me hug him and tells me I look great! Then he asks me how many days sober I have now. (90 woot woot!!) Then he tells me he's so proud of me and keep up the good work I'm doing great. That was so sweet. ..I turn to go into the vape shop and the owner is now by the door looking at me. When I walk in the guys say they thought I was going into the liquor store and he was about to run out and stop me haha! ..Even if I wanted to relapse it wouldn't be easy! That's a great support system! I'm feeling the love :)
----------immediate responses--------

That's brilliant! Congratulations and best wishes on your journey :-) 
That is awesome congrats!  La Croix and vaping definitely helped me as well :)  It's funny i didn't even know that a lot of sober people drank La Croix until i started seeing it talked about here so often. 
Wow this is awesome! Great accountability!
I love your layers of accountability.  Smart
Congrats on three months! And I love that your relationships are keeping you strong!
Gotta love it when the owner of the liquor store is rooting you on in your sobriety :)
Nice: my local booze shop owner is lovely and he gave me a really heart felt lecture on how he wanted me to get a better life... amazing when you think these business would maybe not do as well without their regular addicts! Human nature is truly amazing you just don't see it when your addicted to a depressant! 
That's so rad that he supports you! 
You gotta love it that they're looking out for you!
Beautiful! 
That is such a wonderful story!!
I can only find La Croix at Whole Food - does anywhere else sell it?
ALWAYS good to have people looking out for you.. Congratulations!!!
I was so touched when the guy at the party store said "Hey you don't drink anymore do you?"  Since then he quit recommending beer and hasn't said a word about it...Support crops up in the weirdest places.
That's so awesome to have such positive support!!!! Congratulations on getting to 90!!! ..Also are all vape shops near a liquor store or do we live in the same town?? 
Aaaw that's so sweet nice to know they've got your back  
You are blessed to have that great support! Keep it up!
My progression: Oreo milkshakes -- lemon LaCroix -- black tea -- working toward water straight-up (along with some milkshakes LaCroix and tea). And as far as price -- all of it costs less than my previous drink of choice. Getting sober is cool. We can do it.
I will not drink today.
That's an awesome story. Great job on 90+ days!
I gotta go find some of this La Croix!
That's great to hear! Congrats on your 90!!!!
I had a liquor store guy who used to disallow me to buy booze when I would walk to his store too fucked up. He stopped seeing me and I had actually moved along with getting sober. I stopped by recently and he hugged me and told me he was glad I made it. He has 17 years sober :)
