-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45sgw8/going_into_a_treatment_centre_tomorrow/

long story short - had a drinking problem for about 10 years now; it's gotten serious within the last 5. last august i started seeking professional help - did a few outpatient programs which resulted in me having brief periods of sobriety - 1-3 months - but i keep relapsing. hard. this last month has been very intense and i am now getting physical withdrawal symptoms (something i never experienced before) - extreme agitation and a feeling of "skin crawling". similar to restless leg syndrome but all over my body. i am very scared for myself and my marriage so i am checking into a residential treatment centre tomorrow morning. i'm scared as hell. ..just needed to vent. i just want the merry go round to stop - sobriety relapse sobriety relapse. it's a hellish way to live. this morning i woke up face down on my living room carpet - my wife said i threw a fit because the liquor store was closed last night. passed out in my arm chair. no idea how i ended up face down in my living room. ugh...EDIT: would appreciate advice from people who have been to in-patient/residential treatment who also suffer from extreme anxiety. i have extreme anxiety and panic attacks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!! In my experience my anxiety and panic subsided once I cut alcohol out. It's still there sometimes but it's a lot more manageable...Inpatient centres are welcoming places and the professionals there have certainly seen anxiety and panic before. It might seem impossible to believe now but it's a healing place with people just like us!..I hope you feel better soon! I remember the first few days are the hardest. Congratulations on making this decision!
Good luck.  I know you can do it.  Try to keep in touch if you can and let us know how you're doing.  We'll be here when you get back.  I'm sending positive prayers and vibes your way!
[deleted]
Hello. The anxiety and panic attacks are likely related to alcohol withdrawal. Have you seen a doctor about detox medication? Does the rehab have resources for detox because it sounds like you may need medical intervention?..As for rehab--it was an excellent experience and laid the foundation for a lifetime of recovery. My suggestions are to listen learn laugh follow the rules hang with people who want to get well do assignments and follow discharge recommendations. ..After detox and rehab I went to outpatient continued with therapy and got involved in AA. You are fortunate to be going to rehab. Not many have the opportunity. I hope your experience is as positive as mine. Take care!..
I went to inpatient for 35 days a 6 hour drive from my hometown!..My biggest fear was that they would tell me what to do when to eat etc etc. What I realized was that alcohol was already doing that: inpatient treatment was a breath of fresh air...I brought a teddy bear with me you might not be allowed but it helped me. I also brought some sewing and knitting stuff. I also brought my AA big book with me (all my friends from rehab signed it I still have it it's one of my most prized possessions)...The biggest thing I did in rehab was not get caught up in sexual activity with other patients and I stuck with the winners: I hung out with the people who wanted to get better. We did our homework we got to places on time and we didn't get into the dramatic shit that goes on (cuz it does)...I also followed every single rule. ..During my second week I had my first real big belly sober laugh. I think it was my first sober laugh in years and it felt so good...I wish you health and happiness. Sending positive vibes your way!
The fact that you recognize the need to do this is huge.  I never had to do inpatient but was pushed into seriously heavy outpatient requirements (AA and multiple group therapy sessions each week) what finally worked for me was to surrender to the process and stop thinking I could do it "my way". I opened my mind participated fully and took away all the lessons I could.  I think it will be important to keep up the momentum of support and therapy once you are back in the real world again.  I wish you good luck!
Congratulations on seeking treatment and taking the first steps. I'm sorry to hear that you have reached the withdrawal stage. Trust me they get steadily worse with each relapse cycle. Regarding anxiety and panic attacks well I never experienced that until my own withdrawals got quite severe which required ER treatment. Without diazepam (I.e. if detoxing at home) the intense anxiety would last around 12-24 hours fading slowly over the course of a couple of weeks. During that initial period I would be too scared to leave my room. Does that sound like what you go through sometimes? Anyway if you already have anxiety then I can't imagine what it would be like coupled with a withdrawal induced panic attack. I hope you are able to kick it before you reach that point.
