-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45xcud/walking_away_from_someone/

I am struggling with a decision I made to walk away from someone recently and I found this snippet inspiring in a blog I read..."Being able to accept when something does not work requires infinitely more maturity and strength than sticking around and trying fruitlessly to make something work that never will. That's what children do; that's what weak frightened people do. Being able to face that despite your best efforts it's time to walk away takes tremendous fortitude. The emotional threshold required to accept that the person you once thought was your forever will gradually become someone you only used to know is profoundly deep one most people can't even skim the surface of."..I think that makes a lot of sense to me.  I'm not afraid to walk away from people anymore.  I am stronger for having done it and although it will hurt for a while I am dealing with it on lifes terms sober and strong.  Anyone else had troubles trusting their decisions to walk away?..Here's the article if anyone is interested:..http://www.bustle.com/articles/79066-3-reasons-why-knowing-when-to-walk-away-means-youre-incredibly-strong
----------immediate responses--------

I don't really agree with that quote..."that's what children do; that's what weak frightened people do."..Weak? Frightened? Children? Yikes. Relationships are intense and complicated...even more so in recovery. Trying to navigate myself my relationships and my new environment were really difficult. Was I weak and frightened to stick in a relationship? No: I was doing what I knew..
I've said "no" to a few people in the last few weeks I think that response has and will affected those relationships. Definitely playing on my mind.
[deleted]
I appreciate both the quote and /u/VictoriaElaine 's response.  I agree with each of you!  I know that the past three years of my escalating drinking were related to my SO having had an affair which devastated me and my feeling too ambivalent to leave (or kick him out).  I have felt weak at times for staying and I know I am a very strong person.  So I drank to push away the feelings of betrayal. And yes ..&gt;I was doing what I knew..Getting sober has been interesting to notice how drinking created an opportunity to stay in victim mode around the relationship &amp; betrayal.  Now I'm trying to figure out what I want.  It's hard to walk away from 29 years and I'm not sure that I want to but I also know I'm not wholly present (barely partially) in the relationship either.  I assume that this will continue to be part of my process...
Thank you for posting this. I am at a crossroads in life have been for a little while and I find myself stalling in neutral longer than I should be. I'm afraid that any change will make me look bad in some undefined person's eyes. But I really need to let go of the things that I cannot change for the better.
