-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/462414/think_i_have_been_planning_to_drink/

I noticed I have not been making the pledge daily something I had been doing. Have been sporadically taking Antabuse. I have been thinking about having 1 (maybe 2) drinks. Have been telling myself that other people on SD have fallen off the wagon and gotten right back on. Although many more talk about relapsing for days weeks months or even years. I KNOW I cannot have 1 or 2 drinks one day and get right back on track. I am not that type of drinker. I drink to get drunk. Just wanted to put this out  there to get it out of my head;  that's a dangerous place f or me. I will not drink today. Realizing how important it is to be vigilant. Every single day.
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking again does cross my mind sometimes but then I remember how the first few weeks were absolute hell after quitting and then I remember that it took me well over 2 years to put together 43 days. I really don't want to have to do this again. Just pull the bandaid off the first time and keep plugging through life. Congrats on 46 days!
&gt; Have been telling myself that other people on SD have fallen off the wagon and gotten right back on...Certainly this happens and is a best-case. But I've seen lots of people come back and say this only to fall off again sometimes repeatedly. I've read lots of testimony of the cost and how hard getting back on track can be...I don't want to cross that line because I don't want to compromise the wall I have built. No matter how tough a time I am having no matter how appealing my alcoholic voice paints the other side to be I know there is nothing good waiting for me on the other side. I know it will only make getting back here harder I don't know how much harder I don't know at what cost and I am determined not to find out.
I've had some fleeting desires to drink the most recent was this past Sunday (my day off). I thought how great it would be to have just a few glasses of wine. I immediately reminded myself of how hard I had worked just to get a month behind me and how ashamed of myself I would be. That shame would only give me an "oh what the hell" attitude and I'd be off to the races once again. My relapses have lasted for years with each one reinforcing the lie that I'm just a worthless alcoholic doomed to a life of drinking myself to death. I refuse to believe that lie today...Thanks for sharing something I need to hear. I will not drink with you today.
Know the feeling... I've been working really hard on my mind to associate being disgusted at the thought taste smell of alcohol. ..I have two audiobooks which have chapters specifically regarding how disgusting alcohol really is... how that 1st drink we ever took was horrible. I try to go back to them or listen to them in the mornings or when just getting out of work. However I also do daydream of being off my face on last time (Damn you addiction!)...You've done great talking yourself out of it smile be happy stand proud every battle won is a step towards winning the war.
I've relapsed multiple times now and I can tell you - the first 60 days I had sober I was a different person. After that initial relapse I don't know how to get back there. It's like once you break it for the first time everything changes and all bets are off. Treasure your sobriety &amp; protect it
I agree.  A lot of or most relapses don't happen spontaneously.  Like you are saying they are planned events that come about by being complacent with the work necessary to remain sober.  For me this is idea is paramount.  I don't know how hard I will have to work as more time passes but I hope it becomes less.  I think it will.  I just hope I never forget why I came here in the first place. It is easy to forget......for me anyway.
