-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/462fz8/i_never_thought_id_be_here/

I'm not an alcoholic. I can go weeks without drinking all while working as a bartender in a craft beer bar. I can have one drink and stop. Last night I had a rare night of staying out drinking with a coworker. It was unplanned but the conversation was great so we ended up staying at the bar until midnight... If this was the end of my story though I would not be writing this now. Last night I drove home when I was clearly too intoxicated to do so. I hate myself. I made it home in one piece and without killing anyone else but it easily could have been otherwise. I've always been a craft beer lover and I don't think I want to be sober forever because brewing and beer is a personal passion of mine but what happened last night is unacceptable. ..I don't get drunk three times a week but it happens regularly enough for me to feel compelled to take a long needed break. Maybe someday I can enjoy a single beer but for now I consider myself a non-drinker. I have writing to work on a wedding to plan and an amazing fianc  that I know will be supportive of my sobriety when I tell him of my decision. ..I guess I am posting this because I need to share with somebody. And please feel free to offer advice or comments on things you struggled with when you first became sober. I'm sure this process will be more difficult as time goes on and new situations arise so any and all advice is welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

For me drinking and smoking pot always feeled sort of wrong.  I felt in my heart almost right away that I liked it too much and it felt compulsive.  Eventually I went from the kind of place you are where the binges were infrequent to full blown alcoholism.  ..Trust your gut that you may have a problem and make a change before it gets out of hand..
Welcome and glad you are here...The dangerous myth about alcohol disease is that one needs to be a daily drinker or suffer withdrawals in order to have a problem.  This thought process probably kept me from getting real help for over a decade.  I can remember "quitting" for a few days and if I didn't suffer from DTs or withdrawal then that was a sign that I wasn't an alcoholic and I could go back to all of my old ways.  ..The fact of the matter is that I was an alcoholic long before I ever became physically addicted to alcohol.  I was just too prideful (?) arrogant (?) ignorant (?) stubborn (?) naive (?) sick (?) to understand and do something about it...I have a lot of respect for people like you who are attempting to address these issues now.  Good luck!
When I tried to stop drinking I was able to see my relationship with alcohol much more clearly. I liked the effects of alcohol too much to stop and ended up with some severe consequences. ..I realized that I had a very sick relationship with alcohol and couldn't stop using it on my own I needed help. ..It's possible to quit without having really bad things happen I think. People refer to it as being a "high-bottom" drunk.  You don't have to lose everything...By quitting alcohol for a while I realized the depth of my illness and that quitting was not going to be as easy as "just saying no"!..Hang in there I'm sure you'll find the truth...Peace
I am glad you did not have any troubles driving home.  I hate the impairment of common sense that alcohol brings.  It is scary. Even normal drinkers can ruin their lives.  I think taking a cab to places of drinking is always a good idea for anybody no matter how normal of a drinker they have been in the past.  That is at least one tragedy taken out of the equation.  
My boyfriend will be sober for 2 years next month and has two DUI's under his belt. He brings it up occasionally mostly about how ashamed he is of himself and how it's one of his biggest regrets. One day I finally told him "the only difference between you and me is that you got caught." And that's the truth. In my early drinking days there was one time when I had no recollection of getting home...but I drove. It was absolutely horrendous. But the point here is that you're recognizing it's an issue and doing something about it. Alcohol is a problem for a lot of people; what's a problem for you and a problem for someone else may not look the same but the outcome is still similar. Proud of you! :) 
Yeah perhaps you are not an alcoholic - but that label is mostly pointless anyways.  A person can have problems with alcohol and label themselves an alcoholic or not.  The severity of alcohol use is on a spectrum (substance use disorder SUD as the DSM calls it) and is not as black or white as "I'm an alcoholic so I'm messed up" versus "I'm not an alcoholic so I'm perfectly healthy and fine."  There are so many in-betweens but that really doesn't matter anyways.  What matters is that you have recognized a problem and sobriety can rightfully be anyone's goal whether they identify as an alcoholic or not. 
