-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/463amz/today_i_have_been_sober_for_one_year/

I had tried to quit drinking with the help of counselling about 10 years ago through moderation but that didn't last long.  This time I saw a counselor went to AA and did a lot of reading and research.  I was worried that I would be on a never-ending cycle of relapse but was scared to think in terms of abstaining forever.  Forever can be a very long time.  My counselor and AA friends taught me to not get ahead of myself to think in smaller chunks; one day one hour commit to not drink right in this moment which really helped.  Next I learned some helpful tricks about social situations we all know alcohol is everywhere.  The most helpful tactic for me was to get a non-alcoholic drink the second I got there.  Already having a drink in my hand gave me an easy way to decline people offering alcohol "No thanks I'm good for a drink."  It was tough at first but like anything got easier with practice.  I learned that people were mostly interested in themselves and not what I was doing which took pressure off as well.  About two months ago I made a really remarkable step forward some people at work were discussing their drinking which was becoming a bit uncomfortable.  The frozen smile on my face was starting to ache so I just offered "I haven't had a drink since February."  The obligatory questions followed about how it came about to which I replied "It was holding me back from being the person and living the life I want to live."  Boom just like that.  I owned it I felt good about saying it.  No shame no prickly feelings about being an outcast just a matter of fact statement that this is me now I'm good with it...The other thing that really kept me going and on track was understanding how long it takes to unravel the problem.  Ten years ago because I was toying around with moderation I never had an understanding of how long it would take to feel better  because I never actually quit anything.  I never really addressed any of the garbage going on in my head back then.  I figured I should be right as rain in 1 -3 months.  This time I read some good books that said to take at least a year maybe two.  They said getting sober was tough enough with complicating things with relationship changes (starting or ending) changing jobs any changes that were within my control should just be put on the back-burner for the time being.  I feel this was critical to surviving this last year.  There were times when I felt great I've got this thing under control and then I would slide into depression.  If I hadn't been aware that this sort of roller-coaster was completely normal and would last a long time I would've thought that things weren't working.  But I am now able to look back and see that it was just normal stages that I needed time to work through.  Today I feel stable.  I feel like I have done a lot of work to get here but I feel I have a lot more work to do. My wife and best friend are taking me out to dinner to celebrate.  Today I will not drink and I am glad I found other people who seek to be sober as well.  Thanks and best of luck to every one on their journey. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on the year! Great post. Your event tactic is mine too. I get a NA drink at the "bar" quickly. Soda water with lime. Looks like a G&amp;T. "Thanks I'm all set." Working through the rest of it one day at a time.
Congrats on one year!! I love your post there is so much wisdom in it. 
Congratulations on your year sober! Great work. Check your inbox for an invite to the DiNOs sub.
Congratulations and thanks for the encouragement through your story.  
Kudos! 
Congratulations and thanks for a great post.  .
Sounds amazing!!!!! Thank you for sharing this today!!!! Wonderful!!!! Congrats!
Thanks for your post I needed to hear that it gets easier. 
Fantastic post and great job!!
Great post.  I love the part about doing a lot of research.  I do that myself.  I want to know everything about this problem so I can beat it.  
Way to go! I was sober 17 months then thought I could pick it up again with no trouble - hahah - now sober since December 29 - can't wait to get a year. Have you listened to any podcasts? Try the SHAIR podcast and recovery elevator - you should be a guest on there - would love to hear your story. 
Strong work.  This is a great post.  I'm on this roller coaster myself and seeing a post so similar to what I'm going through helped out today. Congratulations. 
Grats!!!
Such a great thank you for taking the time to share..i am doing ODAAT but loking forward to nevr looking back and thinking i can moderate.
Hooray for the new DINO!
Wow this is an awesome and inspiring post! I'm very happy for you.
Thank you for posting so many details and insights.  Congrats!
Congrats on 1 year. Great post.
Great accomplishment! Truly owning it and knowing that you are owning it is such a big hurdle. 
Thanks really needed to hear this.  Struggling with the boredom loneliness and depression at the moment.   Trying to resist the urge to make big sweeping changes and just ride the wave while trying to make small improvements in health.  Not easy.  Winter doesnt help.  Cant wait for spring and summer
Congrats! Great post that'll fill a lot of people with hope for the future.
Thanks yesterday was my first day to say I'm not drinking for at least a week. I really need to stop this thing that is holding me back and making me settle that I don't need or want more. With you post I feel like maybe I do want more and I really need a year. A year would feel so good. I think I need a year not a week! Thanks 
Good job!..We are stronger than we think we are!
Congratulations. I have to say you inspired me by admitting you've gone through depression and good times. I look forward to knowing I won't always feel sad and rough good times are ahead. Thanks for sharing.
Congratulations! Would you mind sharing your reading list?
' This time I read some good books that said to take at least a year maybe two. They said getting sober was tough enough with complicating things with relationship changes (starting or ending) changing jobs any changes that were within my control should just be put on the back-burner for the time being. I feel this was critical to surviving this last year. There were times when I felt great I've got this thing under control and then I would slide into depression.'..Regarding this - what books did you read? I'm 5 months in and facing depression and hardships getting back into the normal swing of life. Any advice here is more than appreciated. I did start seeing a therapist so we're taking small steps toward my sustainable recovery
Lovely post. Congrats! I feel that I'm on one of those low points of the roller coaster right now. It's hard to convince myself that I shouldn't be feeling great all of the time ... at least not this far into sobriety. I really hope to get to that stable place someday. Thanks for your words.
Congratulations on your first soberversary!! Here's to owning our sobriety   
Congratulations on your year!! I'll toast you with a cherry coke!!
Congrats on a year!! Thanks for sharing! And thanks for the important reminder regarding how long it takes to undo the damage done by drinking and the patience needed with self and others to get through it back to normal whatever that may be. Whenever I have relapsed it has been around the 2 month mark where I feel like nothing really has improved and the fuckit's show up. One day at a time! :)
Way to go that's fantastic! I agree on things taking time to unravel... it's a long road but a good one :)
Congratulations sir Its so great to hear you're happy!
Thanks for reminding me to take it a day at a time. Xo
Great post. Thank you for sharing. 18 days sober today and definitely feeling the roller coaster. Thanks for the encouragement. 
Grats!!
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/QajFmR2.jpg)
Congratulations on your sober birthday! I am glad you are here and doing well and finally addressing yourself and bettering your life and the lives of others.
that's fucking dope dude well done
Congratulations! I really liked the post. 
Fuck. Yes. I feel ya for sure. Keep on keeping on. 
Fantastic sentence: ...  "It was holding me back from being the person and living the life I want to live."  This sums up the answer I've been tongue-tied to explain!  This is a GREAT post the way you have written it is very-grounded/level-headed but at the same time positive. With this attitude things WILL work. Congrats on your year and well done for congratulating yourself; I read so many times people [downplay their achievement] and say I've only not drunk for so and so. But it's important to recognise one's achievements as well as being vigilant to 'trigger relapse' situations as much as possible. If it ain't broke-don't fix it: I think you've got this Rap 'nailed' well done.
[deleted]
Thank you for that information and congrats!
Wow - thanks for this. I realise I have a long way to go but hey! tomorrow is 60 days down and about 300 more to go. You inspire me. 
Thank you so much. I have been frustrated that I don't feel much better physically or emotionally at 41 days. AppreciAte the post!
[deleted]
I really needed to read this today.  Thank you u/Mesadams
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
