-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/463h77/i_relapsed/

Hello everyone..So here it is. I'm resetting my badge to today. I was fooled by my brain after 200 days that I'm capable of drinking moderately and that I'm not really an alcoholic. And yet that evil and super emotional cunt appeared again instead of me and scared my girlfriend. ..I stopped thinking and look where it got me. I may have lost this battle but I'm not giving up on the war...I am an alcoholic. Hello and let's begin this jurney again..
----------immediate responses--------

Big man!..Takes courage to admit your faults. 
Nothing changes if nothing changes. What tangible actions are you going to take to remain sober?
Welcome back!!!
Welcome back. I have reset many times but I keep coming back. Resiliency is key.
Welcome back!!!  Thanks for the honesty. It helps all of us... :)
Soldier on!!!
Only just joined the group but I've reset my sober life so many times I can't think. ..The very fact that you're resetting and not giving up is awesome. ..Dust off crack on. Horaahh to the next 200 days. 
Welcome back. I relapsed this winter after over a year. I found it really difficult to get on track again   what are you going to do to prioritize your sobriety?
Thanks for the reminder to stay vigilant.  
What happened care to share how the moderation went? 
Welcome back - thankful to be sharing this (sometimes bumpy) journey with you and the other good people here! 
Im a day oner too.. Good luck and lets keep it clean together
You've got what it takes. Honesty open-mindedness and willingness. Good luck to you.
Someone wrote recently "I didn't fail I succeeded in drinking only one time over 200 days". That doesn't mean we should go back to our old ways it just means that we should not be too hard on us because of a slip. It can happen even if it shouldn't.
The cool part of your 200 days is that you know you can do it again for at least 200 more. :) welcome back to the journey stay with us! 
Welcome back!..Your username made me LOL...That alcoholic voice inside of us is really insidious isn't it? Always promises that things will be great after one drink! Never ends up great though. ..
Don't let that loss of time kill you.  I liked the advice somebody else said...you succeed in drinking only 1 time in 200 days.  That's pretty Fucking good!   Alcohol...cunning and baffling...and patient.  It will wait you out...and it's everywhere...Be strong 
Glad to see you realized you can't moderate. Same with me. And glad to see you haven't given up...I salute you.
