-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/465kgw/struggling_a_bit/

Todays my 27th birthday and its also my five month sober mark!  I needed to quit for health reasons and was starting to get withdrawal symptoms after only a day or two of drinking.  I guess my concern is that I haven't really been able to have fun these last few months.  Something feels like it's missing in life.  I'm just going thru the motions of life without any enjoyment.  Truly the only thing keeping me sober is the fear of withdrawal symptoms and kindling.  I guess I thought five months sober would have lead to some sort of mental shift.  I've become obsessed with Kindling research online because that's what keeps me from going to the liquor store.  Sorry for the rant.....just needed to get that out.  
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday!!..I'm sure today is even tougher because of the emotional roller-coaster.  What has helped me is to focus on a new hobby/activity instead of being so focused of 'not drinking'.  ..All the best
You might be shifting more than you realize. ..I was pretty messed up and things started to get better at about 6-8 months. Maybe a year to a year and a half before I thought of myself as "sober" and started acting like a reasonable adult kinda. ..What *are* you doing for fun? I had a lot more energy and attention and time when I stopped drinking. Some people pick up hobbies and activities that had fallen by the "someday" wayside. 
Happy Birthday and kudos for five months of sobriety. I would have been lonely and miserable if I didn't have a lot of help in the early years of sobriety. Even before rehab I had a therapist. I hung onto her after and also got involved in AA. I discovered that personal growth was necessary for me to have a happy sober life. Rehab counseling and AA laid the foundation for a lifetime of recovery. Having support made it easier and more fun to be sober. Sounds like you could use some support. 
