-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46f30w/30_days_after_a_brutal_relapse/

My first "drink" of my relapsed was September 28 2014.  Before that I had more than 14 months sober by far the longest I've had since the first time I put a substance in my body.  I just wanted to remind everyone that all that stuff they say about "picking up where you left off" as far as your level of drinking is completely true.  Before I first started my clean time I was drinking about a fifth to a half gallon of vodka a night after a day of taking about 1.5 grams of DXM.  Between September and January I had very quickly worked myself up to 2 grams* of DXM and over a gallon of vodka a day punctuated by binges on heroin and crack.  It took less than 4 months to plunge myself further into the abyss of pain apathy loneliness and suicidal ideation.  ..I'm still not quite hopeful and my life is still pretty shitty but I really didn't believe a month ago that I would even get 24 hours again...So to people with some clean time if you drank or used like me "just one" is absolutely not okay.  To those who have relapsed and are terrified of the guilt and shame that's hanging over you that's keeping you from getting back to a meeting resetting your badge here or whatever know that people in recovery who are on the other side are just waiting patiently to welcome you back and to do so without judgment...*Edit: 2 grams not 2 grand.  $2k of DXM would be an awful lot of Robitussin.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your progress! You're absolutely right with going right back to where you left off...remembering that has helped keep me sober this time. 
Thanks man. Not going to lie this is my first "proper" attempt to kick it... however the last few days really been feeling the cracks! Just picked up some natural remedy calm stuff and nicotine mints!  
Congrats on getting back on track - 30 days!! :)
Welcome back! After 48 days sober I can't even see myself at 14 months sober. Working on it tho. I've only been here at r/sd for 20 days or so and these stories of relapse or attempted (usually failed) moderation have been quite an education. In short it is a slippery slope and the rate of descent is different for different people. I have no desire to find out what my slope looks like. One day at a time. Best wishes to you on keeping it going on the straight and narrow again.
Thank you for posting I'm happy you're here
I had to giggle at that $2K of Robitussin...I was trying to imagine someone walking out of a store with THAT many bottles and I nearly lost it lol...that would look awfully odd not to mention they would probably arrest you for IDK...heading a Cough Syrup Black Market Ring or something? Sorry...I have the giggles today. I am glad you are here! I always need to remind myself that a relapse can and does happen at ANY time so I have to be vigilant and not get too complacent about it all. :) Thank you again for the reminder and I wish you MUCH love and luck!
Great post...And my god that sounds like an awful hole you were in.
Yes agree 100% on going right back to where you were. No easing into the pool it's dive headfirst into the deep end without any water in the pool. Congrats on your 30 days! 
