-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46gs1e/been_feeling_a_sense_of_impending_doom_in_my/

I'm noticing a lot more posts about relapsing and wanting to relapse. This end of winter is surely trying to suck us back in. I always enjoy a good list so everyone is invited to add to it...Why I quit drinking...1. I was grossly overweight and unhealthy. Drinking every night on top of the bottomless pit of junk food I ate while drunk was insanity. I am eating right and exercising moderately now and have lost 65 pounds. .2. Every day I felt horrible. Knowing what that felt like I was so hungover that I was just sick all day. Tired hungry for salty and fatty foods and unmotivated to do anything with my life..3. I spent my 20's drunk. From 20 to my turning 30 last October I was drunk for 95% of it. So much had passed me by. I have lost a decade of my life but am quickly gaining it back..4. The money. I spent almost every dime I had on drinking and had nothing to show for the money I made from working. The only result I had from my earnings was being sick all day..5. My family. My mom tried several times a year to help me quit which always ended in tears and I would...for 3 days at most..6. Legal Problems: Legal Problems..7. Ruined relationships. The girl I was going to marry and I broke up. Booze had much to do with it..8. My job. Work was absolutely affected and I wasn't performing to what I knew I could. I just didn't care. I showed up to get money so I could go out that night..9. I was going to die from it. I knew that much. When eh hopefully later rather than sooner. I got to the point where I just didn't care and some afternoons was honestly surprised I woke up. ..THE GOOD STUFF!!.10. I'm still the funny fun having person I feared I wouldn't be. More so in fact..11. I feel incredible almost all of the time..12. What in the hell are these things called mornings? I love the crap out of them! Activities!.13. I'm looking much much better and am definitely starting to get those "looks" (rarely but now and then) from the ladies. .14. I'm taking pride in my appearance. I'm buying clothes with money I had no idea I had from not being spent on drinking. .15. Friendships are solid. I lost friends when I quit drinking but quickly realized the only thing we had in common was getting shitfaced together. I can actually hang out with friends sober and not be itching to get out of there and to the liquor store..16. Love. I'm feeling love in a much more intense way now. It's really crazy..17. Truth. I used to avoid telling a friend the truth if it was negative. That was energy I didn't want to spend and didn't want them to be upset with themselves because I knew that feeling all the time. I'm learning that being honest with someone is the most loving thing you can do. .18. Leadership. I'm taking on leadership roles in my work lately and am becoming very successful with that. I'm a hard worker now and get the right results. I actually had to fire a friend of mine earlier this week. That part of leadership is not good. That was not fun but it was the best decision for us and his personal life and he understood. .19. I'm becoming happy. It's that simple. Finding out who you really are is painful and there are big things I need to work on and overcome but everyday I wake up a little bit happier with who I am. ..So why in the hell do I feel like I deserve a drink? I'm much better without it. Goodbye for today booze. Let the door hit you on the way out. List time!
----------immediate responses--------

:) great share and reflection. Lots of good stuff
Good for you for attacking the relapse urges. Thank you for sharing this!
Come on be fair. You should at least include the good things about drinking again:..1..
Hang in there brother. We got this. 
Legal problems: legal problems ..Lol enough said right? 
