-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46j272/lying_in_bed_and_i_just_realized_i_drove_home/

I have no idea how long it's been since that happened. I pass 3 stores on my way home and prior to today it was a struggle to resist stopping.  The thought never even crossed my mind it's weird thinking about it. All I thought about on the drive home was what I was gonna have for dinner.  I may be able to do this!
----------immediate responses--------

.The powers of Day Six! ..I like to say my next big pitfall to avoid is the "Fidgets" where nothing in particular happens but my mind slowly wants to pretzel itself into wanting a drink. I'm in pretty good shape today so let's collect a couple more days! (And befriend eight more geese in the chat room!) ..
Your brain is being rewired!
Yes!
That's a breakthrough.
that's great!
I remember how awesome that was. It felt kinda like throwing off different parts of the uniform and chains as i ran free from my own prison. 
And to top it off I woke up to my 1 week badge. Sweet.
remember this good feeling when the thought does creep in and it will be easier to say no
I used to start planning late afternoon which Li
Sorry ....liquor store I was going to visitwanted to spread the wealth!It was at around day 10 I had the revalation you had yesterday.Congrats!
WOOT! 
Well don't leave me hanging...what did you have for dinner? JK great job!  One week down you're doing great.  Keep going
I feel like a vampire when I pass by an in-store liquor store in a grocery store. Not like I will melt or burn to ash but there is some sort of weird material relationship there ha
First of all congratulations on being aware of that! A lot of people let little victories like that slip past their notice. And be sure to reward yourself with something tiny to commemorate this realization. A bowl of ice cream a hot bubble bath or warm shower even a 15 minute nap counts. Don't be afraid to reward yourself for the little things. :)
