-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46mw4q/a_breath_away_from_relapse_story_time/

I'm already angry at myself for being so deep in the stages of mental relapse...Thought I was keeping my guard up.  Staying connected with sober people taking care of my needs keeping halt in check having a plan to block my time after work talking about recovery every day with others recognizing cravings come in waves and waiting for them to go away seeing my addiction counselor every week working the smart recovery workbook making plans doing positive things and probably other stuff I can't even think of...So it's been 30 minutes the cravings have moderately subsided from 70% to 40% and dropping.  Good...I still have things to work on and I'm still frustrated and afraid of relapse.  Sure one day at a time is great and all but I want to actively participate in my recovery too.  That includea preventative maintenance which requires preparation for the future but let me get back on point......Here's why I'm frustrated.  Two nights ago I won a major battle by using all my tools to narrowly escape a relapse.  I was pleased.  In my past experience the more battles you conqure the easier it gets to handle the next if only by a small amount.  So the night after that last night I ended up fighting another battle as brutal as the last.  I barely made it.  ..So here I am again.  Fighting intense cravings.  I won the first round today it seems thank the gods.  I'm exhausted and upset and am looking to see what is leading to these unexpected craving wars...So as explained above I'm doing several pisitive things to maintain my sobriety.  So what's missing?  Here's what I've deduced as possible culprits:..1.  Medication change.  ..I recently increased my Zoloft from 150mg/day to 200mg/day.  Im weary of this for two reasons.  First it could be why I'm recently so tired again leading to a conflict in the HALT system.  Second and most disturbing the last time I relapsed after 4 months sober wad immediately after another zoloft increase.  I would like to believe this is idiosyncratic but I need to look at every possible clue...2.  Caffeine intake.  ..For a good three months I've lowered my caffiene habit significantly.  I went from 5 to 7 cups of coffee to two cups of green tea a day.  Recently I've increased that amount.  Now it's more like three black tea and one coffee.  I'm wondering if the same pleasure centers that are connected to my alcohol highway arw being stimulated...3.  Homeostasis disruption..My central nervous system is confused.  After getting its regular dose of alcohol and nicotine it is wondering where they went and wants to return to its faulty programming.  The neural pathways are lonely...4.  Lack of fulfillment..I don't do much.  Not a lot in the way of hobbies.  The ones I do enjoy are for the most part associated with drinking.  Actually most things I did have some sort of relationship with alcohol.  Taking care of my needs is important in recovery I know this and I believe a need is not being met.  I have an active imagination a strong need for intellectual stimulation.  I also am desperately yearning for companionship.  This morning I encountered an incredibly cute girl and got intensely upset about how out of reach she seems to be...5.  Lack of coping mechanisms..Life is intense and traffic sucks.  I have a very limited supply of coping skills.  There are some things I've learned that help like bike riding talking visiting this site mind body relaxation yelling and practicing mindfulness.  I do have difficulty with the mind body relaxation and mindfulness as I haven't learned the discipline it takes to regularly practice these techniques...6.  Avoidable external pressures..The craving that occured two nights ago happened at the center of beer heaven in the magical realm of Northeast Portland.  It was pouring rain the bars looked welcoming and friendly frothy and delicious home brewed beers everywhere.  It was an avoidable location that was in a sense necessary for me to wade through.  I was there to see a show with my dry friend and an important step for me.  I'm thinking it wasn't worth the danger of putting myself through it.  The following nights I felt the aftershock including tonight.  So here I am...If you're still here thank you for reading.  ..So any advice thoughts comments whatever are mosy gratefully appreciated.  This is an extraordinary community!..J
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds to me like you have a very solid box of tools you're working with to stay sober. I'm not sure about any of the issues you listed that might be causing cravings but I know for me the first 30 days were full of intense cravings. My brain simply needed time to adjust. I also prefer to recognize a craving and then remind myself that it is impermanent (Everything is impermanent nothing lasts forever!). This simple recognition works much better for me than "fighting" or "wrestling" with a craving. I'm not sure it helps but if you are aware of what goes into practicing mindfulness I think you know what I mean. I stocked up on good recovery and not-necessarily-recovery books (mostly Buddhist based Pema Chodron is one of my favorites). I'm not sure if this helps but you sound really motivated to me and I think you'll do this thing! Good luck!
Kudos for 13 days! I couldn't stay sober without support from a therapist and AA. I learned sober living skills and had a professional to work with on issues. There's more to getting well than simply not drinking. ..A good book is *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam. 
I would double check with the physician prescribing Zoloft to see if there are issues combining it with caffeine.  Caffeine shows potentiation of ibuprofen for example; such an interaction might explain what you observe.  Good luck and keep posting.
Have you ever tried meditation? I bet Portland has some meditation centers. Recently I overheard someone talking about how thoughts and sensations are transitory flickers of perception that we don't have pay very much attention to. That has helped me with the notion of cravings. 
I was in the same boat today.  Major cravings.  I coped by eating ice cream.  Not a healthy coping mechanism but right now I'm just trying not to drink.
....and it's dark and rainy right now here in Portland...If you're thinking about it now think about how you'll feel tomorrow. As hard as it is right now tomorrow would really suck if you gave into it tonight...The hardest part are the very early days which you are in the throes of right now. The struggle becomes much easier with time...Tell yourself "just not tonight."
