-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46u2or/what_was_your_breaking_point_where_you_decided_to/

I remember one night out at the bar with my regular crew of fellow drinkers.. my buddy approaches me while I'm out smoking a cig and is like "look man I know I'm not the best to say this as I drink with you and shit but you really drink a lot man. And I'm worried because I love you man and I want you around for as long as possible but you're really taking it far" I wish I listened for real but was like "dude you're drunk tripping. I'm fine man next round is on me". I think about that chat a LOT....Some time later eventually at a party one night I got blackout drunk and got into a fistfight with that same guy. It killed me I couldn't believe I had gotten so wasted I ruined one of the best friendships I had ever had. I absolutely knew at this point I had a problem had already done a few stays at clinics to detox and shit. I figured still I could probably moderate drinking so I kept trying that...So I made an ass of myself at this gathering. Lost all my close pals over it. It still sucks nowadays but I've just let it go as much as I can...After that things just got worse. I kept quitting and relapsing. Each time was worse than the last and eventually I was reached a point where it literally was killing me. Liver not fully functional pissing blood seizures. Around this point my previously supportive family backed out. Quit calling me quit inviting me to shit. I got into a drunk fight with my sister and am no longer allowed at her wedding. I guess it became too much stress for my family..I never got that. I guess I am selfish but my last chat with my father was while drunk and he's telling me I have to stop drinking I don't know how much pain I'm causing to those who care about me. I'm borderline blacking out drunk and I say something like "I don't know the stress!? Fuck that none of you know what withdrawal is like or the urges. You have been trying to quit cigs for 10 years and haven't done it yet so don't judge me. The stress you all get is only a fraction of the stress it gives me. You don't get a fucking seizure when I stop drinking and you don't piss blood when you keep at it! None of you do!"..Pretty harsh words.. I can't believe I let myself talk to my dad that way but I was just really drunk and ashamed of relapsing and wasn't ready to have a chat with him. He asked me to go to rehab I said no and that was the last we spoke...I'm still shooting for sobriety but I still feel like I can't do it. I tried my best many times. Once I made it over two months but I had crazy support. I'm talking family calling every day my old friends setting up non drinking events where we would go do shit and nobody would drink so I didn't feel left out. Even with so much love and support I failed and kept relapsing..Now that my old friends don't fuck with me my family never answers my calls.. guys I feel alone. My family not answering my calls + homelessness + not being invited to my sisters wedding fucking broke me it feels like the lowest point of my life. I've done a lot of shitty things from getting so drunk at my local bar that they just let me sleep there (I'm tight with the owner) sleeping and bathing in gas station bathrooms cheating on girls busting kids heads by selling them overpriced drugs taking advantage of other addicts by selling them their fix so I could to buy my own fix. I've done a lot. But losing my family support has really been my low and what drives me most to sobriety...So today is day 1 for me again but I think I may relapse again soon. I just don't know how to handle this. I feel like such a shit person. Partially because I drank yesterday out of stress... Not for fun just wanted a vacation from stress. And partially because I tried my best to quit with support from people I loved and failed and now I have to try again without those people. I don't see how I can quit all alone like this. I'm totally fucking alone and that makes me want to drink in itself. I have ruined all of my relationships by blacking out on alcohol..That and I have one other low that really hurt. I was actually sober for it though albeit I was detoxing so I dunno if you can call that "sober". Talking go a friend I've had for 10+ years and I was exlaining it to her. Told her about hallucinations and stuff and she said "dude alcohol is barely even a drug if you're seeing and hearing shit you probably have a mental issue".. that hurt a lot because they were a tight pal and they totally said fuck it and downplayed what I was going through and called my drug I was addicted to "barely even a drug". I've been addicted to plenty of drugs.. I used to shoot benzos and I know drugs very very well. So hearing that midst withdrawal for some reason gift me a lot enough that I've cut contact with them
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry that was sort of a rant. I drank yesterday and am really torn up about doing it and all. I slept in until 5pm today. Woke up with the shakes after very carefully measuring how much I drank last night...When I go to AA everyone talks about the awful shit in theory lives. Folks losing kids getting arrested just whatever.. I hate hearing it but I love it too as it makes me feel like a person instead of a fucking animal. I feel so disgusted by what I do on alcohol that while I sp feel for these folks who went through their stories I appreciate hearing them. I relate and shit....I know it is a generic question but I am super antisocial right now and do not feel solid enough to attend AA this week. I just feel shitty. But I need some interaction related to sobriety so if you all can share when you decided to quit I would appreciate being able to read stories online rather than go to meetings and talk to people face to face right now. I know it is very personal so I'm sorry for that but like I said these lows stories make me feel like a person and while they can be cheesy they really do help me relate to society and push me towards sobriety
I'm sorry things have gotten so bad but they could be worse - this disease can and does kill. It sounds like support is going to be important both medically and socially. I found a ton of emotional support from people who truly do understand my predicament in AA. It has been crucial to my sobriety. The first day I went to a meeting I was shown nothing but acceptance and caring plus was given a list of people I could call and could count on to be there when I needed support. I would not have made it to 90 days without them. Best of luck to you friend!
Dropping the romance of war stories went a long way in my sobriety. Good luck.
