-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46uzsl/finally_quitting/

I've wrestled with the decision to quit drinking for a long time now and after what I did to myself Friday night I finally woke the hell up and said today is the day this stops. I went out with some friends after work and drank myself into oblivion. I don't remember leaving the club I lost my phone on the walk home (thankfully I didn't drive my car home) shit myself somewhere along the way and came out of the blackout with cuts and scrapes all over my legs and arms. I had to call out of work Saturday morning and let a lot of people that depend on me down in doing so. My girlfriend was terrified I was lying in a ditch somewhere until I walked in the door around 6 am.  I'm nervous about starting this process but I'm extremely grateful to have a family that loves me and understands the struggle of an alcoholic (dad grandfather are active in AA). I feel lucky to have found this sub yesterday as well. You guys seem like a great community and it's reassuring to know others are going through the same struggles. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

I just hope this sub does for you what it has done for me. Good Luck One day at a time. You can do this. I will not drink today with you!
Welcome.  Sounds like you have a head start with with family already involved in active recovery.  I would sponge off that for sure. :)
Hey man. Welcome. You are in good company. No need to be nervous realising the truth and breaking free of the cycle of denial will feel liberating.  
Welcome - 3 weeks ago I woke up after blacking out and terrifying my wife. No matter how hard I try I can't remember that Friday night.   Feels a lot better to wake up for 20+ days feeling rested (even if I only get a few hours sleep) - no cuts bruises lost phone/wallet - have saved almost $1000 in bar tabs - look better.  I show up now do what I said I was going to do etc.  I like this life much better.
Welcome. A much better life is ahead of you. No blackouts no mysterious cuts and bruises no lost cell phones (except through common stupidity). Grab yourself a badge and join us.
Sounds like a scary experience.  I've had similar.  Let's not drink together today.  Welcome take care and good luck!!!!
Sounds like you're ready to take advantage of the family wagon. Hope it works out well for you and welcome aboard!
So quick update. I leveled with my grandpa and he and I are going to a meeting tonight. I appreciate the encouragement everyone..
Shit myself...oh wow....so tough...this could be one of those memories that fuels sobriety.  It will take a while to feel better and take something from this.
