-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46vsgb/feel_like_im_hungover/

Almost two weeks in and I feel really good about not drinking. (Is this the pink cloud others have mentioned?)..Yesterday my wife and I and two friends went out for a meal. When the four of us get together we tend to get through monumental quantities of wine (although unlike me they don't feel compelled to drain every bottle they open). I spent most of the day thinking about the wine I was/wasn't going to drink. I was worried I was weakening. ..We went to the pub first and I had a lime and soda whilst the others had beer and gin. And that set the tone for the evening. ..I didn't even waver. Sparkling water with the meal. Lemonade at the place we went after. ..We all came back to our house and as is the norm many bottles of wine were drunk (while I ploughed through more lime and sodas). ..At 4 in the morning I made my excuses and went to bed. My wife came to bed around 5. ..I admit I did struggle with the drunken conversation at times especially after 2 in the morning (although if I had been drinking I probably would have passed out around then). ..But even weirder today I feel hung over (unlike my wife who is genuinely hung over). I can't be dehydrated I've not poisoned myself. I guess it's just being really tired. ..So we're spending the day on the sofa watching Netflix and now I really want a McDonalds. ..I guess some things just aren't down to the drink sometimes I'll just feel shit because I feel shit. And at times  I'll act like a dick because sometimes I am a dick. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm about the same time in as you and I often wake up feeling hung over even if I've been at home doing nothing. Trying to stay hydrate and I'm eating better. It's weird and I wish I knew what is causing these phantom hangovers 
How unfair is that?  I had a "hungover" morning feeling too for about the first 3-4 weeks. Usually went away within 30 mins of coffee and juice. I chalked it up to "re-ferberizing" my sleep (as opposed to passed out sleep) and also my body figuring out not having 1.5 L of ethanol poison liquid in the mix. Sounds like a great dinner. Some restaurants cook with extra "secret sodium" in the meals to enhance taste. Well done sticking to the sodas!
I'll take it a step further. Not only do I sometimes feel hungover I sometimes actually feel a little drunk. It happens at night and I have to remember that I'm not drinking anymore. I just let it pass -- I assume it's just my alcoholic brain trying to mess with me.
I've been struggling with the same problem.  It's worse the day after I do a hard workout.  I'm starting to think this is just how I am.  At least there isn't any nausea anxiety regret or stink of alcohol coming out of my pores.  Just a tired groggy feeling.  It usually goes away after an hour or so but sometimes sticks around for hours.
If you're using line cordial instead of fresh lime it has a LOT of sugar. You're probably having a sugar crash.
Okay here is my take on your situation.  The fake "Hangover" has happened to me a couple of times.  I believe this is mostly mental in my case because my mind is just conditioned to feel like shit every couple of days.  I have been a hard drinker for over 10 years.  I hope that over time my mind stops trying to make me feel like I was wasted the night before.  I am wondering if this is like when someone loses a limb but the person swears they can still feel it...I also agree with your being a dick comment.  Drunk or sober...either way...I'm still quite capable of being a dick...haha
