-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46w5zf/there_and_back_again_why_i_gave_up_alcohol_at_22/

Two and a half years ago today when I was 22 I decided to stop drinking. Considering my history the decision happened after a rather insignificant night...It did not happen the morning I woke up in the hospital with hypothermia and alcohol poisoning...It did not happen when I spent 30 days in rehab after getting into a drunken fight with my parents and chugging a bottle of mouthwash and a handful of prescription pills...It did not happen after a 50-something-year-old bartender told me I needed to kiss him to get my ID back which somehow led to me bringing him back to my dorm and upon realizing I regretted the decision pretending to be passed out as he pressed his naked body against mine and repeatedly whispered  Don't fall asleep on me babe. ..It did not happen after I had to run away from a homeless man who led me to a park and exposed himself to me after I asked him for directions in Providence...It did not happen after I almost left a New Delhi Men's Fashion week party with a man who said he was a model but was actually a pimp and hours later texted me trying to sell me an hour in a limo with a boy or girl for $400...It happened after what was for me a rather routine if not tame night: I went out drinking with my friends blacked out and had to be brought home...When I woke up in the morning I felt like I was reaching the surface of water just as I was about to use my last breath of oxygen. I had been so consumed by self-created chaos that I had not had clarity of mind for years... What if my friends hadn't been there?  I asked myself.  What if they hadn't brought me home? ..Of course I already knew the answer but for the first time I allowed myself to let it sink in: If I didn't stop drinking I was going to wind up killing myself either intentionally or accidentally...And it was going to happen soon...I had been drinking regularly since I was 15. Yet the issue with high school and college drinking is the blurry line between typical   if dangerous   experimentation and blatant drinking problems. It wasn't that bizarre that I hid a bottle of vodka beneath the floorboards in my parent's attic but I crossed beyond standard teenage rebellion when I'd pour vodka in my mug full of Sprite as a I did my homework...As a gay teenager in an inner city high school alcohol took on an extra significance. Drinking is the great equalizer; anyone can do it. Though I loved my close friends I always felt different apart. I used alcohol as a means to bond with classmates with whom I otherwise had nothing in common...In retrospect the truth was glaring and obvious. By the time I graduated from high school I had been hospitalized three times for alcohol poisoning completed a month-long stint in rehab and spent a night in a psychiatric center after a drug-induced breakdown...After going to rehab   in my sophomore year of high school   I stayed sober for a few months while I completed an outpatient program but my heart was not in it. I was convinced that I did not have a problem. After each hospitalization I would have a window of time where I essentially  grounded  myself from alcohol but within a few weeks I would lie to my parents and find my way back out...I made myself a victim. When people tried to talk to me about my behavior whether it be adults or friends I would lie and if they kept pushing then cry...My biggest blessing and curse in high school was that I was able to achieve despite all of my struggles. I was the valedictorian of my class and was accepted at Brown University...I left for college with high hopes. I wanted to study International Relations and become a human rights lawyer. But without the structure of high school I quickly fell apart; I drank almost every night. Where I had been admired for my work ethic in high school in college I schemed to do the bare minimum.  Though my grades were lower than high school they were strong enough that I was able to maintain a fa ade of being okay. I ignored the changes happening to me. I no longer took any joy out of learning or any joy out of much anything at all besides partying...I hid my past from my friends at Brown but as time went on my troubling relationship with substances came to the surface. By the time I graduated I had been hospitalized an additional time after an alcohol and cocaine binge and suffered from a Xanax addiction. I'd black out a few times a week. I was aggressive and reckless. I constantly started fights I couldn't remember both with friends and strangers...When I wasn't drunk I was hungover. My anxiety was through the roof. I had trouble sleeping and would take whatever I could get whether it be NyQuil Ambien or Vicodin just to get through the night...After college I moved to New York without a job.  My low point: After drunkenly breaking up with my ex-boyfriend at a party I tried to run into heavy New York traffic while two friends walked me home. They pulled me back. I was in a complete blackout. They tell me I sobbed for an hour and passed out. I awoke the next day at 2 pm completely disoriented and barely remembered anything from the night before. I stopped drinking for a few weeks and sulked that I had to. Within the month I decided I was going to try drinking again with strict rules in place. I would drink only during the weekend and would have no more than three drinks spread out throughout the night...Needless to say I was soon drinking during the week and blacking out routinely on weekends. And so on the Sunday morning of the second weekend I woke up and decided that the only way I might ever be happy is if I never drank again...If you're a heavy drinker that decision can seem impossible. I always ran with a hard-partying crowd. For someone young the thought of losing access to the social situation they've always known is terrifying. Whenever I would try to become sober   which happened at least ten times before it actually worked   the voice inside my head would incessantly shout: What if I'm less funny when I'm sober? What am I even going to talk to this person about if I'm not drunk? I can't dance until I've taken a few shots! Sleeping with someone without alcohol?!..I told myself that drinking is what made my world feel magical. My first couple of drinks gave me manic energy and a sweeping sense of happiness and I would spend the rest of the night trying to not only maintain that feeling but to make it grow. I remember sitting at my kitchen table during senior week at Brown. It was around noon and I was incredibly hungover. I felt completely flat and empty but as soon as I chugged a beer I came back to life. My depression temporarily subsided and I was bubbly and talkative and vivacious. I gleefully proclaimed  Wow! I love drinking!  I was convinced I'd lose my true self if I gave up alcohol because at that point it was rare that I felt happy when I wasn't drunk...Alcohol felt like my lifeline and it was only on rare occasions   during common morning panic attacks   that I might even briefly acknowledge that it was actually destroying my life...One minute I would be drinking and dancing with my friends at the bar and then my next moment of worldly awareness would be when I woke up completely disoriented panicked unsure of where I was. Whether I found myself in my dorm basement in my underwear naked in someone's bed or on a beach in Costa Rica missing my shoes and a wallet I was never really that shocked...More times than I would care to admit I woke up in a pool of my own urine or with vomit splattered against the walls as my phone repeatedly rang or a concerned friend pounded on my door. I often didn't ask questions about what happened the night before because I didn't want to know the answers...For me to admit that I did not remember the insults I hurled or that I did not mean what I had said would have meant acknowledging that I was out of control...For me to admit that the sexual situations I found myself in were scary or shameful would have meant reevaluating my own habits and addictions...Alcoholism has taught me that you really can convince yourself of anything. Instead of recognizing that I needed help I convinced myself that my outlandish behavior was what made me interesting. Deflection was my weapon of choice. If I woke up frightened I would tell the story for a laugh. Though people would occasionally confront me most acted as if I were entertaining. Besides I quickly realized if my  partying  pushed a friend away there were always five more people who wouldn't notice or frankly care how many drinks I had or how drunk I got so long as they didn't have to physically carry me home...It was only two years ago that I was finally able to admit to those I loved   but most important to myself   that drinking wasn't worth it if I would one day wake up seriously hurt...If I woke up at all...Learning to live a sober life in many ways has been like trying to walk when you're used to crawling. I still remember how easy it was drink and how much more effort it has taken for me to reach an emotional place where I'm strong enough to choose against it. Besides whatever problems or feelings I would drink to escape came back tenfold the morning after...For me the hardest part of sobriety has been learning to be comfortable with myself all of the time. Every day it gets a little easier. I've had to teach myself how to communicate thoughtfully without poisoning my speech with the fury of alcohol. I have had to learn how to flirt and pursue romance without being a histrionic drunk lacking both grace and inhibitions...I understand I have a long way to travel before I achieve self-acceptance or real serenity. But what I do have finally is the peace of mind of knowing that I can wake up every morning remembering all that I did the night before   for better or worse   and knowing in the end I will be okay...Seamus Kirst
----------immediate responses--------

Alright I got some things to look forward to!  (I quit at 22). Completely different geographic location yet a similar experiences. Thanks for writing that. ..Edit: And I mean the outlook of life you have is something I look forward to understanding more of as I keep on going. 
I'm glad you survived to tell your story.  Congrats on 2.5 years!!
Dear Lord you were on a lot of sh-t! I used a lot of that stuff too. I'm glad you made it :)
Great story!
Thanks for this.. you sound like me almost exactly.. even down to the detail of the 50 year-old bartender. He shut down the bar and let me stay after hours if you catch my drift...The only difference is I didn't get serious about stopping until I was 27 and did a lot of damage during that time. Now I'm 29 and have had a variety of relapses but I finally know in my heart that alcohol always drags me to hell and there's no way around it...I admire and envy you for getting sober so young. You're avoiding so much bullshit by doing so. As you can probably imagine the longer you stay out the crazier it gets. The last 5 or so years of my drinking were just non-stop damage control anxiety fear and self-loathing. ..I wasn't suicidal but I welcomed death. I don't feel that way anymore...Keep strong and thanks again for sharing your story; I'm happy for you and in some ways feel like this is healing for me for the younger version of myself. 
Did you struggle to get clean from all of the benzos too?  Did you quit them cold turkey along with alcohol?..You were on a metric ton of substances and it's nothing short of miraculous you did not die...Congratulations on your sobriety your story is really remarkable.
What a powerful story and one that I can relate to in a lot of ways.  Being afraid to admit that I was ashamed and guilty for my out of control behaviour so I wouldn't have to face my problem...I'm glad you got yourself out of that so young because it only gets worse...Thanks for sharing your story.
God thank you so much for this im 22 currently and decided give up alcohol for reasons close to yours and it is crazy its almost like you have to relearn life again but its worth it because I dont have that easy gratification of alcohol anymore it forced me to get out of my comfort zone and try new things im already having nights and days better than when i was blacking out all the time.    I remember everything and am in control its a better feeling than that poison i was slowly killing myself with.  Thank you so much for this
Your story is very real and poignant.  It seems to me that it takes a tremendous amount of courage to "wake up" in the way you describe that you're doing.  May your waking continue along with your recovery.  Blessings on your journey and thank you so much for sharing.
[deleted]
Great words Seamus. A time when I need to hear it!
Whoa I didn't realize how long this was I will certainly finish reading this later but I just wanted to comment about the part I'm at:.."It wasn't that bizarre that I hid a bottle of vodka beneath the floorboards in my parent's attic but I crossed beyond standard teenage rebellion when I'd pour vodka in my mug full of Sprite as a I did my homework."..That is SOOOO the perfect description of me except by the time I started doing that I was an "adult" so I thought it was ok since I wasn't breaking "too many" laws...I mean I had a supplier until I turned 21 and would occasionally drive when I probably shouldn't....but I never actually got caught so I thought it was ok since I always got away with it...I got arrested when I was 20 because I was the only underage person in a college room that got busted. It was supposed to be a dry dorm and we were being drunken frat boys so they called the police. I had to do 10 hours of community service attend an anti-DUI presentation and do a psychological evaluation. I lied through me teeth so hard for the evaluation. At the time I was going to school part time so I made up a BS story about how I was on the straight and narrow but alcohol was always the #1 priority in my life and I didn't think it was a huge problem until a few years ago. And it's amazing how fast those years blurred past even after I made a conscious decision that it was a problem...All I have to say is you're very wise beyond your years for recognizing the problem and taking care of it at such a young age. Most people don't until they're forced to after waking up in a hospital or jail...Anyways I didn't even finish reading yours and started rambling so now I'm going to get another coffee and back to reading.
This really moved me. Thank you for sharing your story. I definitely relate to more of this than I can adequately express over the internet -- but the part that resonates the most with me is learning to be comfortable with yourself sober as you are. Giving up the crutches in your life forces you to look beneath the layers of yourself... and only when you're ready. 
Good job on getting sober at 22 and staying sober! I wish I could of done the same! :) 
