-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46whee/it_seems_as_though_i_have_made_it_to_100/

There is a song by Duran Duran that I had posted some time ago...but I think it fits today more than ever. This is my song towards my alcoholism and how I now feel about it.....Ordinary World By Duran Duran..Came in from a rainy Thursday on the avenue (I love walking in the rain...just not a downpour!) ..Thought I heard you talking softly (Alcohol cravings whispering to me) ..I turned on the lights the TV and the radio (To distract myself) ..Still I can't escape the ghost of you (The cravings are pretty much always there)..What has happened to it all? (What happened to my "partying" days?) ..Crazy some will say ("Why would you give all that up??") ..Where is the life that I recognize? (The many days and nights I had spent drunk) ..Gone away (Now that I am sober)..But I won't cry for yesterday (Won't dwell on those days that I would rather forget now) ..There's an ordinary world (The world of being sober) ..Somehow I have to find (I have to learn to live without alcohol) ..And as I try to make my way (Struggling at times) ..To the ordinary world (A normal life)..I will learn to survive (YES I WILL!)..Passion or coincidence once prompted you to say (This is me talking to alcohol) .."Pride will tear us both apart" (Too proud to ask for help) ..Well now prides gone out the window (Decided to drop my ego and pride) ..Cross the rooftops run away (I humbled myself and asked for help) ..Left me in the vacuum of my heart (I feel empty sometimes without that crutch)..What is happening to me? (What are all these changes that are happening to me now?) ..Crazy some will say (I feel like I am losing control at times) ..Where is my friend when I need you most? (Where is alcohol when I "need" it?) ..Gone away (Yup...no longer in my life!)..But I won't cry for yesterday ..There's an ordinary world ..Somehow I have to find ..And as I try to make my way ..To the ordinary world ..I will learn to survive..Papers in the roadside tell of suffering and greed (Yikes...every day a new story of hunger or war)..Feared today forgot tomorrow (The media is so fickle and moves on quickly) ..Here besides the news of holy war and holy need (So many suffering) ..Ours is just a little sorrowed talk (My problems really are small compared to the big picture and I should be grateful that I have all that I do)..And I don't cry for yesterday ..There's an ordinary world ..Somehow I have to find ..And as I try to make my way ..To the ordinary world ..I will learn to survive..Every world is my world (I will learn to survive) ..Any world is my world (I will learn to survive) ..Any world is my world ..Every world is our world..When this song comes on my Pandora Radio station I have to think about how far I have come now...and how far I have yet to go. This is a never-ending fight now for me and I have to realize that I can't just forget all the lessons I have learned in the last 100 days and that I have to keep vigilant and aware for these next 100 days and beyond..Thanks for listening to me prattle on. I have no plans for today. I am eating after dinner mints (don't ask...small squares of 100% sugary goodness) and watching TV and drinking my water. My hubby has minor surgery scheduled for Tuesday so if y'all can keep him in your thoughts too I would appreciate that. It isn't a big deal (cosmetic surgery basically that needs to be done) but still...it is surgery all the same. I am a little nervous and I don't have alcohol to lean on in this time of stress now. I have to find another coping skill but it isn't easy. I will be ok...and we will be ok. :).Ta ta. Tomorrow is also my birthday...not excited about that. I would rather forget it altogether. Sigh..Bai y'all!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting that!  I'll have to look for that song.  Congrats on 100 days!  The good part about your birthday tomorrow is that you probably look younger than this time last year :)  I hope everything goes smoothly for your husband on Tuesday.
Congrats on 100 days!  
Well done!
