-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46wpi8/im_thankful_for_my_relapse/

I've been in the middle of a relapse this past week and it's been tough but I'm glad it happened. When I first decided to stop drinking it wasn't because of any event or terrible thing I had done while drunk I just recognized that I didn't have the healthiest behaviors. I don't think I was ever fully committed to my sobriety... I never felt like I had a concrete reason except for "eh maybe this isn't the best thing for me to do."..I'm grateful for my relapse because it reminded me why this was something I needed to do. I'm not just stopping because drinking wasn't great for me I'm stopping because when I drink I don't drink like other people. I drink too much and I don't stop and I embarrass myself and I make life difficult for everyone around me...So here I am day 1 and I couldn't be happier. Today I will not drink because I deserve better...What are your relapse stories?
----------immediate responses--------

My relapse story? Mostly shame. Knew I had to quit and *kinda* wanted to but not fully committing. Get some days clean and the repeat behaviors. There was no positivity and any happiness was fleeting since it only satisfied the chemical withdrawal and physical craving soon to be replaced by more shame anxiety and just feeling crappy thru self poisoning.    ..I'm like you tho I appreciate the "failing" because it was moving in right direction. It allowed for serious introspection and analyzing exactly what I wanted to get out of life. Clean and sober and free and happy now.
Same thing happened to me at 87 days. We will come back stronger than ever!  
My relapse story is twenty years long and happened pretty much every damn day.  Morning shower = passionate about sobriety.  About 3pm = "screw it I was born to drink"  then I drank...... A lot..Repeat for 20 years.  The disappointment and shame that comes from a life like that gets unbearable even though I was kicking ass in every other aspect of said life.  Hard to imagine both things can occur at the same time but they can.
wow I tried halfheartedly here and there after especially rough night. But then by the next weekend I'd be black out drunk again... This went on for a few more years and the repercussions got worse and worse. Luckily I was able to see the path I was on would ruin my life. I finally got serious and had my first sober weekend at one point and knew it was possible. I had one or two more slips after I'd make it a week or two and then one day it just stuck. Haven't touch a drop since. After I had two weekends under my belt I could feel the momentum and just powered through the cravings. It got easier and easier 
