-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46wt1z/f_day_zero/

An hour ago I was at the store glaring at the massive collection of different beers they had. I was thinking "what would I have today I know I can't have just one why am I here do I really wanna do this I am going to do this am I going to do this I don't want to do this". ..I bought some sparkling water and candy after that train of thought. FUCK DAY ZERO! I played the tape forward to what happens when I drink: one is too much and 15 is too little. There is just oblivion...It wouldn't get any easier if I drank now. It wouldn't be easier to "start over again" a thing I used to justify my last relapses. ..Fuck day zero.
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck the zero! Playing the tape forward stopped me on many occasions as well. Glad to hear you got past the urge!
Yes fuck zero! Good for you.
This is a funny post.  I was biking through the woods with nobody around and found myself yelling "Fuck alcohol" at the top of my lungs.  Fuck zero!
Beautiful. Well done!
Well played.
Congrats! I had a severe quarell with my wife today. An intense one. A really intense one. I had to interrupt it and went out for a walk just to avoid things getting irreversible I think you know this situation. So a quiet night outside fresh air and... I started to think about whether a beer or a cigarette would be better (I quit smoking 46days ago it really helped a lot that time when giving up booze) to relax me. I knew that I need one/or both of them. Sooo badly. I walked  to my former "headquarter" without hesitation. And asked for a 0.0 beer - No zero day for me too.
Nice!  And good job on your 45 days!
Hell yeah fuck day zero! About an hour ago my wife was getting ready for work (she's a neuro-ICU nurse) and I was in charge of going to pick us up some food and some food for the kids. While I was driving to grab the food I thought "hmm I could totally sneak a few beers in right now and no one would know." Luckily the thought passed quickly. I played the tape forward called another sober person and thought about how bad day zero is. I never want to go back to that misery. Fuck alcohol. 
Fuck day zero. I have 45 days too and am struggling today myself.  
I'm with ya.  I had 20 years worth of zeros. I hope I have had enough.
Congratulations.. I caved in day 43 for one drink! Fuck zero day is right! Now I'm sittin here with a sorry ass 10 spot :/
after 4 months sobriety =120 days back in 2006. I sat around one February Sunday and decided to go to the grocery store and buy an 18 pack of beer. I grabbed the handle and it broke coming down off a 6 foot stack. I freaked out and grabbed another one and shuffled to the check out line. I knew my brother lived close by so i was trying to get out of there quickly. I brought it home and proceeded to have a relapse that lasted  until the end of December of 2006. That was my moderation year. It sucked . It was so exhausting...* You made a great choice today.
Nice job staying strong!
Way to go that's awesome! Before you know it it won't be such a hard decision. 
Congrats!!!!! I know how hard that is!!
Fuck the zero
Fuck the zero. Congrats.
Congrats!  I'm with you on day zero.  ..Just to share a new tool in my toolbox:  When I play the tape forward in my mind I now mainly focus on what it would be like 3 days after.   I find it's easy to know I'll be in physical pain and acute guilt the morning after but 3 days in I'll be not-drunk (hopefully) but still in the "FIGHT" of it all.  I've moved past that acute fight and don't want to be at day 3 either.  
