-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/473yxx/bending_under_the_strain/

but not breaking yet...It's been a very rough weekend.  Emotionally draining time spent away from home with loved ones struggling with their mental health. Attended a big birthday party for my best friend and was surrounded by some of my favorite alcohol and lots of strangers...SO VERY TEMPTED.  I didn't drink though.  ..Now I'm home after the 8 hour drive home. I'm tired. I can think of lots of reasons why a glass of wine would be a bad idea but I'm on the brink of just not caring. It would taste good and feel great compared to the utterly drained shell of a person I feel like right now...I came here to vent instead. There's also no wine in the house and I'll be damned if I'm getting back in that car again tonight. So I'm bending but not breaking. I'm off to go distract myself and then to bed early. Tomorrow is another day.
----------immediate responses--------

You will feel so proud of yourself tomorrow! I am finding that making it through these kinds of challenges makes me more confident in handling them the next time. This is emotional growth and you're rocking it!
.Hang on to the rails! .Here comes the T of H A L T !.(Hungry Angry Lonely Tired)..
Kudos for 42 days! I never kept alcohol in my home so I didn't have easy access either. Like you I often bended but didn't break. I didn't break especially because I had lots of help. Therapy and AA gave me tools to stay sober. ..And who are you kidding? **One** glass of wine?!
Glad you made it through today.  My bet is tomorrow will be a better day after some rest.  
Sounds like a long hot bath or shower then hunkering under covers with book or Netflix would carry you far past the hump to tomorrow. Did wonders for me so many times.
I am Angry tonight. I lost 3 games and wasn't playing well offensively (though I made the best defenses in a long time). I was coming home and could see myself stopping at the bar. I shook my head and came back to reality. I talked to my SO about wanting to drink beer more than ever in the last 30 days and she calmed me. Then I went for a fucking sparkling water and saw her bottle of wine in the fridge. I never drank wine unless there was no more alcohol in the house and I craved for more. Tonight I feel like I crave for more. I'm 99% sure I won't drink the wine but the tiny possibility frightens me. I will talk to her if she's not asleep or poor it down the drain. I don't want to risk that much just because I'm angry.
.Hallo! ..I hold onto board posts for a while. ..Are ya doin' any better?..
