-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47470e/what_i_did_getting_sober_step_6_make_a_list_of/

My Method: Getting Sober Step 6: Make  List of the Benefits of Drinking..Benefits from drinking! There are none! It is awful! you cry.  Not so .if that were true why would you have been drinking for so long?  Answer: Because there are benefits to drinking...My partial and incomplete list of Benefits from my Use includes:..    Decreases my anger and rage ..    Helps me make friends more easily..    Makes me forget that I am lonely..Why make this list? Because it points to underlying issues that prompted the drinking. In terms of my list: ..    Anger issues. I am angry about something or everything. . .    I have social anxiety...    I am not well-connected enough to people...So these are 3 issues that prompted me to drink.  So what will I do when anger social anxiety or loneliness hits   if I'm not drinking anymore then what will I do? Next list:..What to do instead:..    Find a therapist to discuss what I am so angry about and why...    Hang out more one-on-one with people avoid bars parties and clubs and meet up for coffee or dinner with               one or two friends instead for a calmer and more relaxed atmosphere...    Stop making the common mistake of assuming that more friends or more relationships will make me feel less lonely. Start realizing that it is the depth of the relationships I have which ease loneliness.  Quantity does not affect loneliness nearly as much as quality.  Focus on one-on-one time with healthy and happy individuals and get to know them more.  ..These lists can help prepare people to deal with preventing relapse. I have seen many new people make the mistake of assuming they just have a disesase so the end.  I drink because I have a disease.  The end.  Because disease. Because genetics. Because trauma. Because I'm dumb. The end. But by adopting this mentality and also failing to search further you are protecting yourself from introspection and the effort of change. ..So what benefits did you get from drinking? What underlying feelings do those benefits point to? And what will you do about them the next time they surface instead of drinking?.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much.
Very nice.  Very well thought out.  I drank to escape.  I drank because the bottle was my best friend.  I drank because I needed something consistent in my life that I thought I controlled...something that was just for me.  I drank to relax.  I drank to get to sleep more easily.  I drank to be happy.  It worked until it didn't.  Then I just drank because I was depressed because I knew I was an alcoholic.  So I guess I drank...because I was a drunk.  That part of my brain that can actually have a glass of wine with dinner is simply dead.  I am completely incapable of being able to see alcohol as anything but something to get a buzz with.  I blew my chance at normal.  Been sober for a little while now.  I have discovered there IS life without alcohol
Great perspective
You might be interested in SMART recovery's cost benefit analysis. http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/CBA_Worksheet.pdf..While I agree it's important to acknowledge the benefits of addiction I found it only helpful if done in context (with costs). If I sit around thinking of all the great things about drinking that wouldn't be helpful for me. Also I'd tend to be more specific or really challenge 'medicinal' claims like it does X or Y for me this is part of challenging irrational beliefs which is another component of SMART. ..E.g. I thought I drank because it made life more interesting with the crazy times. I didn't say 'ok must replace crazy times' I said 'wait hiw often do you have GOOD crazy times do you even want them anymoremp and are they worth the trade off of the lonely times or bad crazy times?' I realized this belief about drinking making life more interesting was false in the whole it made me less active and less interesting. 
