-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/477epw/some_thoughts_and_a_question_on_new_sobriety/

First post.. I haven't had a drink in ~1.5 months now. I'm 23 now and have been a serious problem binge drinker since I was 15. This is the longest I've gone without drinking. I was a party drinker. I drank with the sole intention of getting drunk. If I could feel inhibitions I would drink until I had none left. The mornings though were when I felt zero control over my life. You know the story: regret confusion memory loss who's house am I in where is my phone/shoes/wallet etc. The worst for me though were the physical hangovers and being sick. That sinking feeling right when my eyes opened and I took inventory of my body and knew I would spend the day puking and dry heaving when I could no longer keep even water down. I had to change unless I wanted literally my whole life to go to shit.....Anyway I needed to get that off my chest. Here are some things I've noticed even while quite new to sobriety.   . .* The more I don't drink the less I want to.  ..* Each time I'm in an iffy situation where others are drinking and I don't my confidence and pride shoots up a lot. Once I order food and start eating the urge to drink is gone and I'm much happier for the rest of the night.  ..* I am slowly becoming genuinely more interested in others more outgoing and more likely to reach out and make plans.  ..* I hesitate to say this because I've struggled with depression for 10 years or so but it seems like with each passing day I get a little happier. My overall sense of wellbeing and confidence seems to be steadily rising. I venture to guess that my antidepressants work better without being disturbed by alcohol at random intervals....I have ONE question for those who have a little more experience. Since stopping drinking I have a clearer head. But I'm questioning a lot of my decisions (about life and relationships etc.). Technically I have a clearer mind than ever and I am doing what feels right for me. But I still feel like a lost puppy when I make decisions. Should I just relax a little roll with the flow and put trust in my sober self?..Thanks for reading.    .edit: I can't format  -__-
----------immediate responses--------

I feel choices in life are always difficult to make.. My two pieces of advice to anyone sober or not are: take your time nothing is urgent unless it's an emergency. And trust your gut. Your instincts are going to guide you in the right direction don't let other's ideas of what you should do sway you into doubting yourself. You will know what to do when you need to do it. 
&gt; I venture to guess that my antidepressants work better without being disturbed by alcohol at random intervals...I think there is some solid science that would back this up. I don't have any solid facts to support this off-hand...but I've heard that alcohol severely impairs the full effectiveness of antidepressants... And from a practical standpoint...it makes sense given that alcohol is a depressant and messes with your brain chemistry. If I wasn't lazy I'd google it but I'm glad you're doing so much better without the alcohol in your system!
Yes put some trust in your sober self.  Questioning decisions is a part of learning and so now you are learning and that is a good thing.
