-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/478g16/how_do_you_deal_with_the_shame_of_a_relapse/

After almost 8 months of sobriety I decided it was a good idea to get drunk at a convention this past thursday - and to be honest it didn't bother me at all until today. I figured "hey - whats one slip in 7.5 months? I had fun nothing bad happened  who cares?"..However today it's been hitting me like a bag of bricks. The amount of shame I feel is unimaginable and has left me borderline suicidal. And the kicker is the only way I can think to deal with these feelings is to drink more which will 100% result in me blowing my brains out which I obviously don't want to do. I tried making an emergency appointment with my therapist but he's out of town. I tried making an appointment with my universities counseling center but the earliest they could see me is next monday. So I'm left in limbo and I'm a mess. 
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed 3 months into my sobriety.  While I felt it was "worth it" at the time I since came to regret it.  That one night of drinking lead to a 6 week binge but I managed to get back on the right path and I've been taking it one day at a time ever since.  
Any AA meetings you could get to?
For me when I relapsed the shame came first and prompted the relapse.  Why don't you try an AA meeting today if you cannot get an emergency appointment? 
My sponsor always tells me to not be so hard on myself...its part of the process. So be thankful nothing bad happened...and start again. And she also says to not think of it as starting "over" because you aren't...you're picking up where you left off on the stairs of sobriety...each one gains you new insight education and so on. You have learned a lot in the past 7.5...so start moving forward again. Moving backwards doesn't help. Good luck  - and remember self care is very important.
I might get flak for this but did you get black out drunk or did you moderate for a one time event and get buzzed?..Personally if I got buzzed at a one time event and didnt dive back into binging... I would feel proud for displaying the will power needed to both moderate and cease consumption immediately after...This is just my opinion.  
Slow down and breathe... We've all been there. Don't beat yourself up but look at is a learning tool. What positive input can you take from your experience to make you stronger and more prepared for the next time you get an urge? ..This could seriously be a great tool for you if you look upon it as such. Stumbles are not negative as long as we learn from them and don't continue to stumble on the same roots... :)..You have a choice to make... Be positive and move forward or negative and move backwards... The choice is yours...You can do this!!!
I think you're being too hard on yourself because every day that you were sober didn't count for nothing. Hell I "relapsed" (if you can even call it that) only a few weeks after my first super-optimistic-pink-cloud decision to stop drinking. I learned some good lessons feel pretty shitty about it and pretty ashamed....and didn't come back to SD to reset my badge for awhile. I didn't make it as far as you did! You should be proud that you had almost 8 months of pure sobriety! I have yet to pull that off. The fact that you came back to SD so quickly was more than I could do. It gives me comfort knowing I'm not the only one who struggles...I kinda want to poke the eyes out of anyone who...one day...decides they're done drinking and never ever fumbles again... acting like: "oh...getting sober was SO easy!" Perfectionist assholes! 
I would call that a lapse not a relapse.  I did the same thing after three months and put it in perspective and now getting back on track by going to more meetings.  You will be back better than ever!
Shame is just an emotion. It's not a person holding a liquor bottle to your lips and telling you to drink...Shame is temporary. It will pass. Just breathe and keep calm and don't drink.
It's so easy to beat ourselves up for stuff but don't believe the lies you are telling yourself. The truth is that you are a human being who will make mistakes but your being here on Earth is not a mistake. Forgive yourself and know that we are all here forgiving and loving and cheering you on. 
One thing you might try is a SMART Recovery meeting either face to face if they are available in your area or online. One of the nice things about SMART is that several of the tools relate to learning from and tools to prevent lapses. There truly is no need to feel ashamed. Your slip is not the end of the world. It does not mean you are weak or make you a bad person. It is a learning opportunity.
