-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48cgjv/struggling_to_cope_with_other_peoples_problems/

I felt a little conflicted about posting this- I'm finding it hard to be a supportive relative and friend. This began before I stopped drinking but it's definitely become a *lot* harder and more severe over the last two months. I'm managing my own issues and cravings (just) but whenever a friend or loved one wants to get things off their chest or talk about problems I feel immensely stressed and strained. I feel like their issues are blowing up inside my head and I get the urge to drink in order to escape from all the negative feelings. I think maybe it stems from feeling powerless over their pain? ..I don't know where this has come from. It feels very selfish but whenever they're talking about their job issues or general life strain sometimes there's a big part of me screaming that I don't want to hear it that I can't manage and that I wish they'd stop. I have no problem with trying to talk to people online or such but as soon as the people I care about are in trouble I panic. I just can't bear to hear it...Is this abnormal? I don't understand how I can be so burned-out and my kneejerk reaction feels ugly and mean. I would be grateful to hear experiences or knowledge if this is 'a thing.' If it offers any context I did used to be extremely codependent and a fixer type although I've changed a lot over the last few years.
----------immediate responses--------

Hmm...do you feel resentment towards them? Like: "How dare you talk to me about your problems you never listened when I talk about mine"..Or is it more: "I cannot believe you're suffering and it hurts me to hear that you are struggling and please stop because this is painful"
Can relate. I bear a lot other people!s stuff too. I can get very down / sad about any kind of suffering that I see. Obviously it's more intense when it's people I love. ..What has helped. .1.) Vigorous regular exercise...2.) Finding ways to be happy more often no matter what it takes.. .3.) Being present when people need me or when I can share something that helps. I used to want to solve people's problems. Ridiculous. I'm knee-deep in my own...Someone posted a Thich Nhat Han (sp?!) quote here recently that STRUCK me. The idea was "Don't wait until all your problems are solved to be happy." ...That was the spirit of the quote anyway...Believing that people including me can be happy in the face of suffering is really important. ..So what could I do to help someone to some happiness or to lighten their load? The answers are different for everyone. But for me it started with knowing something about my strengths. How can I apply them for the greater good moment-to-moment? ..That helped me / helps me. I can say that I lived by my conscience. And it is a perspective that created a concept of success that was realistic and valuable. Best part is that after those interactions I still had some of myself left. ..Last - being present meant knowing for sure that (despite not drinking) I remain a goddam fool in many ways. In some situations it was an arrogance - accidental or not - to assume that I needed to provide help more than I needed it myself. People "in need" can be happier (including with unsolved problems) if they observe an opportunity to help someone else. It was a great lesson for me to learn not to cut myself - and another - out of that possibility by assuming I was the one who should bring relief  order whatever to someone else. ..That was kind of a long No. 3 that I should prob edit. But I'll spend all day on my phone if I go back and edit it. : ) ..Thanks for asking the question and for the opportunity to share ideas that have been bouncing in my head. .....See? Just by asking for some ideas or help you helped / empowered someone else. : ) 
I read the rest of the dialog. Can you guys find things to laugh about? Reminisce about something funny? ...Laughs are a big help. 
[deleted]
I try to take care of myself first before I can be there for others. That's meant setting boundaries and limiting contact with people who I find too challenging/draining. I can't be someone's sole support they can work some things out themselves they can reach out to others and when I'm up to it they then get the best of me.
Maybe you are just feeling a bit overwhelmed right now. That is understandable and that makes it difficult to empathize.  I found that professional therapy helped me deal with the negative feelings and my feelings of powerlessness and my need to escape.  But maybe this is just how you are feeling right now - overwhelmed with your own world and a little less emotionally available to others. That's ok. 
