-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48iswk/reaching_out/

Hi Everyone. I'm posting because I need to be a more active part of this community online communities aren't really my thing so it will probably be a slow start but here goes. I've been reading posts and comments for a couple weeks and have been so amazed by the amount of honesty and support found here. I don't have that in my life right now. Hardly anyone in my life knows about my struggle with alcohol I was good at hiding and powering through rough mornings. Now here I am 66 days without a drink (!) and no one in my life knows or has any idea how significant that is and it is. This is by far the longest I've gone without drinking for years and I'm really proud of myself but I know I cannot continue this journey alone. Thank you all for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

People like you are such an inspiration to someone like me. 66 days seems like a lifetime away. Congratulations and continued success to you!!
You have every right to be proud of yourself - congratulations!!  I aspire to be where you are - and may you always be 37 days ahead of me :)
Congrats on 66 days sober that's awesome! I don't miss the hiding and rough mornings at all :)
Welcome and congratulations!!
Congrats on 66 days.  The SD community is a great place to get support and share ideas.  Welcome!
Thanks for posting and congrats! Keep posting and we'll keep reading :) Happy to be sober with you today
Not doing it alone was critical for my eventual success...Have you considered a support group (Smart or AA?)
Congratulations glad you're here.  Telling your story helps others and yourself.  I recognize your 66 is significant!..Have a plan for the next 66?  You could have some fun create a roadmap of your first 66 for newbies and call it my "Route 66".  ..You'll have to google it if you don't recognize the connection.  We should have some fun here too!
I really haven't shared my struggles with anyone except with people in this group... That's why this group is so important to me!   You should be proud of yourself!!!!   Even my closest friends don't give me the encouragement I expected or need.   .So we are here for each other...  And we each understand what we are going through.   We can be proud together!!!!
Congratulations and welcome! I'm curious what were some strategies that helped you get here? 
