-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48k3f6/i_wanted_to_drink_this_evening_but_didnt/

Some days are diamonds.....Today is my daughter's 3rd birthday. Two years ago this month I was asked to leave because of my drinking. There was a lot of fighting and unhappiness that led up to that point. To be completely honest I wasn't participating in the relationship and just not being a partner let alone doing a good job as a father. In the midst of active addiction all I cared about was drinking. I couldn't stop. I didn't want to stop. Here I was in a home with a partner and child and I'd drink to the point of passing out on the couch and crawling to bed when I came to panicking about having to get to work in a couple of hours. I'd get through the work day and do it all again leaving the parenting duties to my partner. All I did was drink and cook and do the dishes. I thought I was Saint for doing only that. ..It took me six months of living alone drinking myself into oblivion and getting laid off before I realized I had to stop the madness. I went to a detox centre and stayed off the booze for a year relapsed now sober again but this time I'm doing more work in managing my alcoholism. ..I say some days are diamonds because today I celebrated my daughter's birthday by going to dinner at a fun child friendly restaurant with my ex and her sister and two grandmothers. It was the first time we had all sat down together like that in quite some time. The reality of what I've lost hit me hard. I kept it together and enjoyed the moment as best I could but damn was it hard. ..After dinner we all went our separate ways and it struck me how I wanted to be the one getting in the car with my ex and daughter and go home and do the bedtime thing and have everything be back to the way it was. But this time without the booze. Only thing is is that those days are long gone. My ex has moved on and I drove home to my apartment alone. Yet despite the year dry the relapse now the few months sober again (after a terrible detox) all I wanted to do was drink. But I didn't. Instead I called a friend and went to his place and talked. ..It's crazy how no matter how much AA addictions counselling reading about alcoholism reading posts here on SD that during emotionally charged days like today the obsession to drink makes itself known. It tries to creep in to my mind as if to say "a couple of drinks will make everything better." ..I didn't drink today but I wanted to. And that scared me. ..It's always going to be with me this alcoholism. I've come a long way. I've lost a lot. But I'm determined to keep this illness in check and not be defined by it. ..Acceptance. Move forward. Prevail. ..At least that's what I'm telling myself. ..Here's to another 24 for everyone and I'll take one myself. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. I am so happy you didn't drink. I am on day 3 and bought a 24oz on my way home. I thought maybe just one to calm me down but I didn't drink it. I'm I'm Bed Now AND It's Still There UNOPENED. I feel like I won and can't wait to go to work tomorrow on my game! Thank you for your post.
Thanks for sharing.  Congrats on not drinking again today.  
Good job! Thanks for not drinking with me today! 
That must be really tough. But you got through it and that's awesome. ..Your daughter is lucky to have such a strong dad. 
