-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48ooey/new_to_the_subreddit_not_new_to_drinking/

Hey guys...Thought I'd introduce myself. I'm a 28 year old guy and have been drinking heavily for 10 years and struggling with quitting for 5....As I am sure many others have I thought I could keep it quiet while I reduced my drinking. As a fifth-a-day alcoholic I found that I wasn't a candidate for reducing my drinking very much and after some bad news from the liver doc realized that I needed to never drink again. I still only sought help from a select few people and was sober for a week or two then would drink every day for a month or two....Last year I sought out a licensed addiction counselor and things were going well for a while then some problematic things happened in my life and I relapsed hard. Finally dug myself out of that deepest hole inside the sequence of holes I'm currently trying to dig myself out of and have been back with my counselor and psychiatrist for several months. I am now trying to broaden my support community. All of my family and close friends are in the loop my current employer (got fired from the last one for attendance issues surprise) knows the situation and is flexible about letting me duck out during shifts for appointment openings etc....I still am bad about going to AA meetings. I find them helpful but my general laziness and deep seated procrastination problem means I don't go anywhere near as often as I should. I'm able to tick many of the boxes in my weekly/daily recovery plan but AA often goes blank. An area to improve....Anyway meds! I have always been a firm believer that medication (and surgery) are a last resort but I found myself at the last resort. After trying naltrexone and Campral with little effect I wanted to try disulfiram. After much discussion with my counselor (including details into how I quit smoking long story) he said it could be the way to go if I was ready for it. Psychiatrist thought I wasn't ready for it but knows the counselor I see and said she'd write the script if I really wanted to do it....So I'm on day 4 of disulfiram day 5 of sobriety. I'll keep updates on the disulfiram experience....Anyway looking forward to hanging out here and glad to add another wagon to the "wagon-train" of support for recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

WELCOME.. you have come to the right place. Lots of support from great people. I love it here
Hello and welcome   I look forward to seeing more of your posts! You'll find a lot of support and likeminded people here. 
For me it took AA to keep it right. I landed hard saw a therapist and tried AA  Didn't think I could go for a group but the right bunch kept me coming back.  Try a lot of meetings a few times each till you catch the vibe and if you find some people you connect with you'll want to go.  I only do step one don't take the first drink. It took a few tries to stick but I feel pretty good about it this time.
