-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48ousc/a_little_help_with_perspective/

I don't give a fuck right now. My bosses and coworkers are total pricks and have ostracized me. I want to quit drinking for myself but feel like it's the only way I can endure the embarrassment of being treated like this. To be clear I didn't start with a drinking problem but over the course of a dozen years or more even changing jobs to find a less toxic environment I find myself letting go. Letting go of first the assumption of a fair hand in life then the assumption that most authority in the adult world is reasonable not needlessly sociopathic. Striving to be something my kids can look up to seems pointless when it seems the people that will most likely be in positions of authority over them will be unethical and immoral honeydicking pompous twit yes mens. Maybe they'll luck out and be blessed with being allowed to live moral and successful lives as some people are because whatever reason I fucking pray it to be so. At the same time now I feel an intense jealousy for these people. There has literally been over a hundred people I've been acquainted with in my adult life that have made it clear I am so far beneath them that my presence offends even while I'm a farely accomplished individual professionally. Any stories of struggling with your life being full of people like this and then being delivered to a more just life please or any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I am anxious to see if your perspective will change once you have been off the booze for a while.  I know for me I tended to isolate myself when I drank heavily.  It was ME vs WORLD.  It is true though that people in leadership positions have more of a tendency to be sociopathic but I personally know a bunch of really fine people in these positions.  Glad you are here.  I hope things get better for you soon.
I have attempted to adopt an attitude of gratitude and a stoic practice toward loss acceptance. Easier said than done.
&gt; I want to quit drinking for myself but feel like it's the only way I can endure the embarrassment of being treated like this...Will drinking make your bosses and coworkers not-pricks?  I doubt that. You've noticed a problem - your workplace - but I'm unclear as to how drinking provides a resolution for this problem.  It sounds like it just gives you a way to avoid being upset about the problem - but the problem is still there...If you broke your leg would you cut off your hand to have a distraction from the pain in your broken leg?  ..I hope not and my point is that while you appear to have a valid problem I'm not understanding your proposed solution. 
