-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48rlyu/80_days_80_days_ago_this_was_impossible/

Hey all of you wonderful people. .I just wanted to make a little update for you and for myself. .A check-in. A list of pro's and con's. ..So 80 days ago I decided enough was enough and I told my girlfriend that I have serious problem with alcohol and the next day I told my therapist. They were both extremely understanding...I have been drinking too much for almost 10 years but perhaps it wasnt as troublesome the first 1-2 years. After that I realized you can use alcohol for relaxation easier to fall asleep shoveling your problems aside and just not giving a f*ck about anything. Which was just what I wanted or so I thought. Cause there is no way that is gonna come back and bite me in the ass real f*cking hard...I've lost friends avoided spending time with my kid had relationships with the opposite sex falling apart not caring about my work til the point of getting laid off. I've LIED so many times just so I could sit alone by myself and drink and fall asleep in my own created misery...All my problems I have (had) depression severe sleeping problems social anxiety bitterness unable to connect to other people and unable to feel emotions at all. This was just me no way alcohol could of caused that right? I didnt need to stop drinking maybe just moderate a bit more often. ..So the thoughts of me having a serious problem have come to my mind many times but if you drink for a couple of days more you wont have to worry about that. In 2009 I did a thread on another internet-forum and asked for help cause I was unable to stop drinking. Wonderful people gave me lots of great advice and really hit the nail. .."Maybe you shouldn't be drinking at all" - they've said. .What is life worth if you cant have a beer? - I said. .And all was forgotten pretty much. ..I did the same routine sometimes more sometimes less for another 7 years almost.. Until 80 days ago...It hit me in the head. Nothing has changed for almost 7 years. .Everything I said was gonna change nothing did..Not a single f*cking thing...So I took a sick-leave from work contacted an addiction center in my town told my therapist and a few people I felt I could trust in about my problems and began my journey to a better life for me and in the end for everyone around me aswell. ..The first days were horrible not being able to sleep at all I thought I was gonna get a heart attack due to the heavy beating in my chest when I laid down. My mind was racing I thought I was going insane. The thoughts of just a few cold beers could easily take away most of this side-effects. Typical alcohol-withdrawal been through them several times and it's not getting easier from time to time. ..But slowly very slowly things started to look better. Some days my energy was unbelievable I felt like I was the king of the world. And some days my I was just laying in bed unable to get up. Too depressed to even have suicidal thoughts. ..I was still doing nothing productive during the days I was just staying sober pretty much. But as one week two weeks passed by I could look back and acctually see small improvements. My thoughts were clearer I had an easier time to recognize the weird feelings I felt I didnt need to avoid eye contact when I talked to people. No shame no fear...This is by far the longest I've gone without drinking alcohol and it's the best thing I've ever done for myself.  And by all of this nonsense text I just wanted to thank everyone on here for all your insightful posts and for reaching out to get help and for being able to also admit that you have a problem and that you cant do it alone. We are all in the same boat. ..I could write so much more but I dont really have time right now. .3 months of sobriety is coming up but I will quit this rambling by saying that I will not drink today no matter what happens. And to anyone out there struggling take care and know that only you will be able to do something about the problems you're experiencing ultimately. ..Thank you for reading. Thank you for being here..Have a really good day! ../BD...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this.  It gives me hope.  Congrats! 
Well done!!
That's huge -  congratulations x 80!
Thank you for your post BD.  I can relate.  I'm following in your footsteps many thanks and thanks to SD.
Incredible ! Way to go. 
I'm working on day 11 -- your words give me hope that the small improvements that I'm starting to see will continue.  Congrats on 80 days!
Congrats man! Keep it up.
.I'm churning along too! Some notes -..- I have a "mixed blessing/curse" genetic profile or such because some of the more famous "early warnings" never happened for me. Such as hangover headaches. Nearly zero. So for my early phases I was quite pleased just to sorta drink "happy go lucky in my own time". ..- Whenever I did crank drinks on a multi day bender whatever day my instincts kicked in and I would decide to "shut this mess down again" that push was usually enough for me to power through about ten days. So my first worst hotzone is coming up and you bet I'll be calling upon all my tricks I've been theorizing for these next ten ish days! ..- "The character of days" is starting to return - they're not just endless days melting one into the other but as I start getting my chores done I'm actively working around "other people's business hours". ...
