-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48s0q7/first_post_i_think_i_might_need_some_help/

Where to start? Well this is difficult for me so I guess I'll just dive right in. I drink every day but have convinced myself that it's not a problem. After all when I do go a day without drinking I have no physical withdrawals so I can't be an alcoholic right? Well that's what I tell myself and I think it's finally time for me to admit that maybe I'm in denial...I have very very severe anxiety/hypochondria that makes it very difficult for me to function at times. I've always turned to drinking to help calm my nerves/get out of my head when my anxiety gets especially bad. My reasoning was "I could have a couple drinks to get out of the anxiety and actually still have energy to do something productive or I could take Clonezepam which is an addictive drug and also puts me to sleep and makes me a write off for the entire day. If I'm going to have to take something anyway it may as well not ruin my day". That logic seemed pretty sound to me and in moderation I still think it's reasonable but now I rely on alcohol not to feel anxious to feel normal. If I tell myself "I'm not going to drink today" I get really anxious and have a hard time getting joy out of anything I do. Like right now I have a painting I need to finish but I'm just looking at stupid shit online trying to distract myself trying not to cry...I used to be super fit but I've gained probably 20 pounds from the amount of beer I've been drinking over the last couple years. I'm trying to get back in shape right now and I'm using one of those calorie counting apps and I can see plain and clear that if I were to just stop drinking a litre of beer per day I could lose the weight no problem. But I don't stop drinking I just go for an extra run to work off the calories. And I tell myself that I'm being responsible...The biggest thing is that I'm just not happy though. I've always struggled with depression but now it's not just me that I'm hurting it's my husband. I often snap at him for no reason and a few months back after I'd gotten wasted to deal with some bad news I actually hit him - not hard but still. Afterwards I had no recollection of it. I don't want to be that person. I don't want to do things that I'm ashamed of I don't want to hurt somebody that I love.  ..It doesn't help matters that I've just moved to Germany where beer is incredibly cheap you can drink in public it's sold everywhere and it's pretty much a custom to drink it. ..I'm feeling really lost and I don't know what to do. I don't know if I need to stop drinking completely in order to remain in the driver's seat of my life or if it's still possible for me to just cut back. When did you know that you were an alcoholic? Are you happier without alcohol? How did you deal with anxiety in its absence?..I appreciate you taking the time to read this I'm still too scared to talk to the people in my life about this...EDIT: Thanks everybody for sharing your stories with me they are really helping more than you know. To see so many stories that mirror mine is both frightening and inspiring. I think I'll stick around you've all made me feel a little less alone in this..
----------immediate responses--------

I Don't Drink. So I don't have to moderate which never worked for me. Anxiety is a normal feeling it means that there is something unresolved and as long as alcohol is around it will stay. To get rid of anxiety you have to fix things easier sober.
I have felt as you do. My best success has come from not trying to decide what to do but rather in making a commitment to not drink one day at a time and focusing on that. Sometimes I have to commit one hour at a time. Once I stared at the second hand on a clock and said (to myself) "I might have a drink at 5:20 but I can stay sober for two more minutes." I had to really focus everything on those two minutes but by 5:20 the need had passed. Not sure this helps but it helped me.
I had suspected I had a drinking problem for a while but I didn't want to admit it. I had been lurking on r/stopdrinking yet never cut back successfully for long. ..When I finally opened my eyes to my problem I chose to stop for a while - 30 days was my initial goal I then extended by 30 days and again. By four months sober I'd reflected on how I used to drink and read enough relapse posts on here to accept that no amount of time would reverse my problem. Fortunately by that point I had also discovered that living sober was a better way for me to be - fully present in my own life!..I struggled with both anxiety and depression whilst drinking. Sober I've not had depression at all. My anxiety didn't abate so I saw my doctor to discuss options and decided to try CBT therapy which has been effective in helping me manage my anxiety better. The principles of the serenity prayer help me and I know my feelings lie so try to dial them down a notch. I visualize facing anxiety like facing a storm: there will be calmer times ahead...Distractions helped me early on as did stocking up on sparkling water and herbal teas as substitute drinks.
Hi. Welcome to the group. First of all you are not alone in this. Your story is reasonably familiar around here so I hope you are encouraged by knowing that there are many people here with the same issues...I was also a daily drinker I could also go a day a week and have no withdrawal symptoms. That doesn't mean I didn't have a problem though...The question I ultimately ended up asking myself was "do I want to keep doing this?" and the answer was no...I've commented in another thread that the word "alcoholic" is a big frightening word and it comes with a lot of negative baggage and pre-conceived ideas. I can't tell you if that's an appropriate word for you - you have to decide that...My view is that the label "alcoholic" is either taken or it's given. It's given to the down-and-outs with nothing left to lose to the people who cannot get out of bed in the morning with out an "eye opener" drink; it's given to those who reach a point in their life where they cannot be described as anything other than an alcoholic by their loved ones their friends and their doctors...Then there are those of us who take the word as our own because we recognise that our relationship with alcohol is not normal...In my humble opinion it was better for me to take the word and do something about it than it was to wait for it to be given to me...Welcome to SD. We are here to listen and reassure you that you are not alone.
Welcome to SD glad you are here. I have a great job great family great kids awesome friends but when I would drink alcohol I would become another person. Not pleasant to be around but I thought I was. I would embarrass my daughter but I thought I was being the cool mom. I would drink to tame the anxiety but now have none at all. Been off my anxiety pills for 4 months.  Sleep like a baby now. All the things people who stopped drinking said would and I didn't believe how it could happen started happening. I am so happy without alcohol.  
Hey there - welcome! I think you've done the right thing by reaching out. Every person is unique so I can't tell you what to do but I can say that I relate to a lot of what you are saying and that for me moderation was not an option. I wasted a lot of time trying to moderate my drinking and 'cut back' and never with success. Quitting was truly the hardest thing I've ever done in my entire life but it was worth it. People who run into issues with alcohol are quite often 'all or nothing' personalities and quitting entirely actually ends up being much easier in the long run than battling with attempts at moderation. ..I also suffer from a great deal of anxiety - i've suffered from hypochondria before as well and have also experience derealization obsessive thinking fear of going crazy and more. I also have used Clonazapam on and off for about 7 years to keep anxiety under control and completely hear your rationale around drinking vs. benzodiazepines. But what I can also tell you is that while drinking helped me reduce my use of benzos for a while eventually I started needing to take more. Alcohol slowly but surely went from relieving my anxiety to causing much much more anxiety and it happened so slowly I didn't even realize it. I would wake up nightly in the middle of the night in a complete panic - positive I was having a heart attack or that I was on the verge of slipping into psychosis. I slept with my pill case of benzos beside my bed and was dipping into it more and more frequently. Alcohol is NOT a solve for anxiety even if it feels like it at first. ..I was also terrified of what stopping drinking would do for my anxiety and how I would cope without it. It was SO tough at first - for the first 2 weeks I was living in a nightmare and I thought about going back to the bottle on multiple occasions. I did take some Clonazapam to help me through but I was careful to avoid trading one addiction for another. I feel so much better now that I rarely even think about taking a benzo - I've probably had 1.5 or 2mg of Clonazapam TOTAL in the last 30 days. ..Honestly I've never felt better in my life than I do now. No my anxiety issues are not solved and no my life is not perfect but I feel SO much better equipped to deal with both of these things. I feel truly happy for the first time in about a decade. And for the first time in years I am actually learning real coping mechanisms for anxiety instead of burying my anxieties with booze and pills. It is possible. ..Wishing you the best of luck no matter what you decide. 
&gt;I don't know if I need to stop drinking completely in order to remain in the driver's seat of my life or if it's still possible for me to just cut back. ..In October I gave myself a 30-day challenge to not drink (it was part of doing a dietary cleanse).  I made it sober through day 29 but on day 30 told myself I had succeeded.  Tried to "moderate" in November (I'll only have x number of drinks per week; I'll only drink z kind of alcohol); failed miserably.  Through the holidays amped right back up to where I'd been prior to October and then some. New Year's Day though I stopped drinking.  Having the clear contrast of how I felt over those 29 days (better with every day) and then back to the same old in Nov/Dec made my decision very clear.  ..My suggestion is give yourself a goal of at least 30 days of not drinking and see what happens.  See how you feel physically mentally emotionally.  See how loud "Drinking You" screams at your choice to not drink and what your response to that part of your mind is. Ask your husband to help you track the differences (or not) in your behavior when you don't drink.  "Play" with it for a month and then take another look at your decision whether to drink or not drink.  **AND read this sub every day for stories for others' challenges and successes and for support.**
HI don't feel alone I have been lurking here for a while and don't feel so alone. During my little time in sobriety I find that I have to change my mind set first. I read books and see wine as what it is - ethanol with other things added to it. Ethanol the same substance that they put in gasoline in my gas tank...Once the mind is changed the cut back becomes a little bit easier. Still struggle but I no longer see wine as the way to relax or party juice. Slowly slowly I begin to see that I am not missing out at much. I don't do any drugs or pills and I don't think I am missing out. I am beginning (slowly) to view alcohol/wine the same way...Keep checking in stay around. This is one of the most welcoming and supportive community.
I also drank to cope with my anxiety I honestly believed it was better to drink and be able to do things without anxiety than not drink and have to cope with it. I'd plan everything around drinking so I'd be able to live without anxiety. But as alcohol wears off the anxiety is even worse so I had to continuously drink to be able to function and it becomes a very vicious circle. I didn't want to quit drinking as I was sure I wouldn't be able to live my life because of the extreme anxiety I believed I would have. Please stop drinking while you can it might be rough to start but you will feel better. Since I've stopped my anxiety is no where near as bad as I thought it would be! I can cope so much better and it's such a relief not having to plan everything around drink and try and act sober. It nice not to feel guilty about everything as well. Good luck!
I have anxiety too in fact I think I had a prescription for what you have .. but I didn't want to take it because I was told you couldn't drink while you were taking it. I'm learning that alcohol heightens my anxiety via hangovers. While it might make me feel fine for the moment or for the night it makes the next day exponentially worse. It's not worth it to me and I'm trying to figure out how to be myself - and stay calm - without it. 
I have social anxiety and depression. I am coming to the realisation that alcohol either created these problems or at the least has made them 1000x more prominent or seriously hampered any possible recovery (I'm 34 now). In my 20's the seriousness of the symptoms were so severe I look back and think it's a miracle I still remained in my industry with a job. ..I can say hand on my heart; that removing the booze is helping a significant amount and while I still have some symptoms of both conditions they are manageable most of the time. It is possible with enough time my brain could fully recover from these conditions; and I really believe this is possible if I look after myself.
