-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48so4i/resetting_badge_program_and_life/

They always say a relapse not shared is a relapse wasted. So after 6 months I went back out. It wasn't for long and it wasn't dramatic but it was scary enough to renew my resolve and put up a big damn mirror in my face of what I am what I can become and what I need to do. ..My program of recovery was not so much ignored but on the back burner. I was going to a few meetings a week not really paying attention just going through the motions. While the pie chart of things occupying my mind was split and growing on things that did not help me stay sober. And the next thing I know I am stopping on my way home from a meeting and buying a bottle of Vodka. Hiding in my basement from my wife and kids and getting drunk. Repeating that for a few days until I realize what I am doing...I realized that I have a hunger or a thirst even for something anything. What I choose to fill that with is the difference in staying sober or not. I can choose to fill it with my program my family helping other people good things this sub; or I can devote it to things that will lead me back down to falling down drunk in my basement alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Thanks so much for your honesty. This helps all of us to remember how cunning baffling and powerful this battle can be at times. ..
HI by sharing your story it not only help us but hopefully it may serve as a reflection and reminder. But you get back on. This time you will be stronger. I have re-set my badge quite a few times.
Welcome back...&gt; Hiding in my basement from my wife and kids and getting drunk. ..I've heard so many people say things like:  ."Our disease thrives in the shadows."   or."We're as sick as our secrets"  ..Or any number of other similar phrases and the part I quoted from you seems to be in the same tone.  ..&gt; I realized that I have a hunger or a thirst even for something anything. What I choose to fill that with is the difference in staying sober or not. I can choose to fill it with my program my family helping other people good things this sub; or I can devote it to things that will lead me back down to falling down drunk in my basement alone...You know my relapses have helped to illuminate areas of my life that were "off".  I've spent a lot of time digging into them to see what was going on inside me during the weeks and months leading up to a relapse.  Relapses rarely "just happen".  I love it when drunks say "I just blacked out and then I came to and was drunk" because they never just black out and do healthy activities - it only happens to be that they black out and come to drunk or high.  Ridiculous...But relapses are an indication of something going on with us and I've found a great deal of help in digging into those things.
Welcome back.  What's your new recovery plan to make sure this doesn't happen again?
