-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48upwo/i_quit_my_job_today/

The field I had worked in for the past 7 years of my life - so my entire professional career - just wasn't compatible with my sobriety and new values I've found because of it...It was a really hard decision and I'm not positive about what comes next but I'm not afraid anymore. Alcohol has already taken too much from me to still not want to do things because of fear...Thanks to /u/somuch2learn for some fantastic counseling through this all (I'd been struggling with this decision for about a month now) and this community for always being there for me and others...I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

.Wow normally this runs in reverse!!..I struggle with fear and I hope your skills are transferable laterally somewhere so that you don't lose all your experience but can get a partial head start in a different career!..So if you stepped down from your current job today this will be another of the posts I hold onto for a while. I think I'll make it longer than some of the other ones to give you time to think and let's hope you find a new direction without too much turmoil! ..
WOW! Good for you!!!!
This is my biggest fear.  I am on day 2.  I work in a bar.  I can't quit yet financially but the place really breaks me down.  I need to find the strength to be there even though I hate it and am often surrounded by enabling sad lonely drunks but it's very very hard. ..Even if I could take a bit more than 2 days off it might be nice.  I have to find the strength to be there and not end up drinking but this hasn't worked so far.  ..It looks like you made it quite a while even though you were working in this incompatible job.  How did you do it?
 2 years ago this month I quit a job I hated . And decided to go self employed at something I was doing  on the side for about 9 years. I put my  notice in over text message sitting at a Waffle House parking lot after another co-worker pushed me to the  edge. Alcoholics live on the edge already. i don't need another human to push me over it. Needless to say I trusted God and  he has  led me to the path of finally being self employed. No more  12 hour shifts staring at the clock. No it's not easy.. It's alot of hard work.But the hard work  ALWAYS .COMES BACK TO ME ! Not the  man in the ivory tower.  And the massive amount of planning and details i can handle now. And not be mentally over whelmed  -due to a foggy brain..Good luck in your endeavor  !   If we don't take chances- we  stay in the stagnant pond with yucky stuff growing on us.
Hey! Wow! This is news! Have you settled on what's next?
This is inspiring to me. I've been struggling with my job as well. It's mostly stress related since there's no drinking there. My reaction to stress is improving with time not drinking. But I definitely think I'm just "holding on" at my job right now until I'm free in 3 months when I plan to resign. I searched SD last night for "fear" so your post really resonates with me. I have to let go of the fear too. It's toxic.
Congratulations!  One of the best lessons my father taught me (and that my 19-year-old already knows) is that life is too short to make decisions that make you unhappy especially around work.  I send energy out to the universe in my quasi-woo-woo way with the mantra "The best job is moving toward you as you are moving toward your best job."
I gave up an enabling career in medicine of all things to stay sober by going into seasonal traveling F&amp;B. I admit this is the absolute worse move for most but everyone is different and I'm much happier in a chefs coat than a lab coat. The perfection for me is that I am hiking and climbing in the most beautiful places on earth I'm single and like the solitude so I feel like I hit the jack pot.......with 4 months off a year. 
That is some fucking ballsy dedication! Congrats to you!
I quit my job of eight years two weeks ago and my last day is tomorrow. Congrats to you and best of luck on finding your path. I'll be right beside you manning the other oar. 
Excellent! I retired (at 54) two years into sobriety from a job I'd held for 30 years. The stress personalities and gloom helped drive me to drink. I now have my dream job helping homeschool my 3 grandsons. Congrats and best wishes!
