-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/490vns/back_to_0_binge_drinkin_aint_what_it_used_to_be/

Man time to set the counter back to 0. For probably the third time this year too. No one to blame except myself. I got too comfortable. I had about 4 months sober last Fall. Then I had a good month streak then a 3 week streak and now I've just ended 2 weeks sober. ..It's a little bit stressful to be honest. On paper I'm not much of an alcoholic never was an all day drinker never get a DUI or arrested or anything. I am 22 so perhaps those things would eventually come with time if I don't quit. I just become a bad person when I drink. I lose control and I don't like it. ..For me drinking is not so much about the buzz or the 'high' per say. The euphoria is nice of course but the main thing that attracts me to drinking is the liberation I feel. When I'm sober I'm just a polite reserved guy. Here and there I'll crack a few jokes and be in the spotlight- but otherwise I'm just sorta quiet dude..When I drink though I become the 'ideal' version of myself socially. I am much more confident funnier sexier calmer more easy going. I know of course that this is an illusion for the most part. I know that this is placebo and I have just as much value sober. Years of binge drinking made me feel this way...In addition I have so many things going for me. I'm actually the happiest I've been years- besides this little hiccup in my sobriety (I've been only drinking about 5 times this year but every time was a blackout mess)...So what am I going to do differently this time. Well the first time I hit 100ish days required me to check in on Stop Drinking every day. I was much more involved with the sobriety literature and such. I got lazy this time. I tried to just white knuckle it...I am currently seeing a therapist who also specializes in drug/alcohol addiction. So many longstanding issues in my life have been dislodged since starting therapy. I'm generally much happier. I have made strides these past 2 months. My problem with drinking is the probably the only 'stress' in my life. It's the only thing I would change. If I had a magic wand I would make myself not want to abuse alcohol the way that I do. I would make alcohol have no chemical effect on me. ..However I can say for the first time in a while my drinking has slowed a lot. Every relapse I've had has obviously been very stressful and disheartening but obviously very illuminating as well. This time around I've realized that I need to participate with my sobriety. Maybe I'll start going to AA meetings again. Also fuck never drinking again. I'm not going to look at it like that anymore. I'm not going to drink tonight. That's it. That's the only goal I have right now...I have a lot going for me. I have more than one job offer after graduation I'm in relatively good shape I'm happier and more confident than I've felt in years and I feel like finally nipping this alcohol thing in the bud would just make my life easier. ..I don't want to screw all this up with drinking and interestingly enough for the first time in a while I'm confident and pretty optimistic about the future. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck to you. Sorry I don't have much to offer other than that as I am struggling myself with my sobriety right now but I really REALLY hope you get the most out of life and sobriety. Carpe diem!..&lt;3
A lot of people including myself get to the point where they just can't enjoy binge drinking even if they wanted to. We no longer have that carefree attitude because we know we have a problem so its no longer an escape. In fact it would feel so miserable for us if we drank because instead of giving us a break to forget and relax our drinking problem would be standing right in front of our face staring us down. For us there's no going back. Maybe you are getting to this point too. I don't know. Good luck I hope you find peace.
I definitely understand the feeling better socially aspect of drinking. That is definitely something I struggle with. Thanks for sharing your experiences. You can do it!
When I drank I'd just be wanting/chasing more until I'd had too much and passed out/blacked out or worse. That's not a fun way to spend my time! It's weird you mention the 'liberation' of drinking I truly feel free and liberated from the shackles of my drinking free to be fully present in my life. Adjusting to living sober and embracing sober living took me time and effort it was worth it. My sober life isn't easy but it sure is easier than living with that ball-and-chain of a drinkng problem round my ankle!
Wow I wish I was that clear headed about my drinking when I was 22.  Would've saved me 10 years of regrets!  I think you're amazing hope to read more from you in the future!
Good job on what you've accomplished in the past. And smart move on coming back here. I think checking in every day definitely keeps me accountable for my actions. I may not post or comment every day but I at least read a bit and check in. Good luck friend. Xo
Yeah I realized this one a bit too late also. Drinking is not the solution to social confidence and it's nigh impossible to make genuine connections with people when wasted...A good example I have was on starting a new job they had a corporate party. On the Monday after the party a guy came up to me in work greeted me by name and started talking enthusiatically. I literally had no idea who he was although I had apparently had a long conversation with him at the party and I was too embarrassed to ask his name. I never spoke to him again after that. I also very nearly got fired that day for behaviour of which I had no memory.....All the friendships i've made over the years that have stuck have been people i've spent significant amounts of sober time with. The drinking buddies don't tend to stick around whether you remain sober or not. 
