-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/495012/felt_overwhelmed_went_to_a_cafe_instead/

This afternoon I felt overwhelmed. I was bored and the house was a mess. I drank a soda 2-3 cans of sparkling water and a hit chocolate but still felt like going for beers in a bar. I went to the cafe instead. It is pure avoidance and I just replaced alcohol with caffeine but at least it stopped the craving...Then I wondered if I was slipping slowly toward going to a bar? I mean the only difference with before is the place I went to. Is it the first step of a relapse? Am I just panicking?
----------immediate responses--------

Regardless of whether it is a step towards a relapse: you're at the spot now where you can do something about it...May I ask: what was it about going to the cafe that made the craving go away? Was it the coffee or was it leaving the house to interact with others? ..For me: sometimes I just need human interaction. Even talking to someone at a coffee shop can turn my day around. 
Congrats on making the choice to do something OTHER than drink...&gt;I was bored and the house was a mess. ..This is a statement and a solution all in one sentence.  ..I was bored. ..The house was a mess.  ..To aleviate my boredom I could have cleaned the house. ..Or if my issue was more that I wanted to be in contact with other humans....I could have:..Called a friend for a phone chat or go to a movie/library/mall/etc. with them.  ..Gone to a recovery meeting...Skype with someone..Gotten online and chat on IRC on Stopdrinking..If badly in need I could have: contacted my sponsor or therapist a friend supportive of my recovery or family member.  ..I am not alone...and when I try to fight alone when feeling weak I am more likely to fail.  This was a tough lesson to learn at first but I've discovered the importance of a support system as time has gone on.  ..When tempted I DO something.  Get active...or contact someone for support...try something new or go laugh.  Brighten someone else's day (that always brightens mine in return).  Those work for me.  .......Cooked something.  .
This might be bad advice but personally I enjoyed an odouls the other day. Sat signed my craving for a beer. :)
