-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/497t6p/on_day_3_i_relapsed/

My goal was originally to go seven days without drinking just to break the habit of drinking every day. On my 3rd day I congratulated myself for going two days sober and felt that I'd exercised enough control to prove to myself that I don't *need* to drink. ..I'm living in a new country and haven't really met anybody here yet so I was excited and nervous when I had a first 'date' with a potential new pal. I thought "What's the harm in a couple beers?". Well a 'couple' beers turned into several beers and many shots. I barely even remember getting home (but fortunately I had the sense to grab a cab as soon as I started to black out). But what if I hadn't? I'm a 5'3 woman living in a city I barely know in a country where I don't yet speak the language and was out with somebody whom I'd just met. ..The next day I was so hungover I couldn't get off the couch all day. I was too sick to make proper food so I just ate garbage all day and tried not to puke. Which was exactly what had happened to me  a few days before that - the day I originally decided to go 7 days sober...I keep telling myself that if I can just learn to moderate then it won't be a problem. I'm starting to think I'll never again be able to drink in moderation. I think I lost that ability when I gained the habit.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel ya. The long view for me was that non drinkers can go weeks without it being a blip and then only have like a glass at a dinner or event. 2 days for us or even a week can seem like an epoch but because I had that feeling I knew I personally had a problem and that moderation probably would never be in the cards.       .When I first had the inklings of problem I made the goal of 30 days to re evaluate. Failing that over and over taught me what i needed to know. Your goal of 7 days is excellent. I say try it again don't give in. After that try extending a bit further. Reflect on possible dependence and improvements without alcohol.     .Best of luck we're rooting for you.
It's not easy to accept that we can't cut back our drinking and just drink socially/casually. I went through a year of trying to 'cut back' with all kinds of schemes to prove I was not an alcoholic but at the end of the day even when I was actually able to stop for a bit it was a struggle. For people who don't have a problem it's not a struggle at all it doesn't even require a second thought. ..Accepting that you need to quit can be terrifying and scary but it also very quickly gets easier. For me the first two weeks were nearly impossible and even during those two weeks i had obsessive thoughts of relapse - of 'one last binge' or how 'I've made it 10 days without drinking no alcoholic can do that - i'm going to just start drinking moderately'. But after that it DOES get easier I can promise you that. Quitting altogether is much less effort than the constant bargaining and mind games. 
You can do this.  There is a whole sober life for you to explore.  Welcome!  I promise to not drink with you.
New City new start? Just imagine how much you will enjoy the new surroundings without feeling you have to be drunk.. you can literally be a non-drinker from the moment you meet new friends there (If you wanted to). Good luck stay positive. 
The problem with moderation is the nature of alcohol itself. It lowers our inhibitions for everything...including more drinking. 
