-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49fjsw/i_should_be_dead_after_last_night/

I've been struggling with depression recently over my relationship. My wife repeatedly says she wants a divorce but isn't taking any action to make herself independent. I'm allowing her to live with me but it's really eating away at my soul. She's been suicidal for the last year. All of this has been taking a toll on me and I've been doing a poor job in handling it; using her actions to justify my lack of judgement. ...Yesterday I went on a 12 hour drinking binge which concluded with me foolishly walking home about a mile. Fell on my face. Blood everywhere. Had to stay home from work today. For some people this would be rock bottom but I've been here before and unfortunately I'm here again. It's a miracle that I'm not dead and surprising that I've never been hauled to detox. All I know is I need to stop abusing myself before it kills me. Here (again) is to day #1. 
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't  quit until the "pain" out weighed the numbing  and pleasure...I NEVER  wanted to face what damage I had really done to my life people around me and society in general.
Are you working on a plan?  Al never helps he only makes situations worse.  
So glad you survived the drinking binge and had the strength to bounce right back and start Day 1. ..One thing that is so comforting to me about this sub is most if not all of us have been through some really shitty days and can empathize. We've suffered we've battled depression we've done humiliating things while under the influence and we can support one another without an ounce of judgment in our hearts. Hope you feel the love and support. ..Personally when I've been suffering badly from depression I find it helpful to talk to my doctor or therapist. I've learned that when I'm depressed I tend not to perceive my situation rationally. I offer that in case it might be of help. ..Best wished and hope you will keep coming back. ..
When it became obvious that I truly would (not just should) die if I continued I became willing to seek and accept outside help. 
When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change;..I will change. 
Thank you for posting &amp; being honest. I've been there too. Somehow there was never a single rock bottom for me and I was blatantly testing fate by continuing my nonsense and pushing my limits. Each time I was convinced I had reached a rock bottom I'd manage to create another deeper one for myself just a few weeks later.  The physical manifestation of my problem drinking (injuries blood hospital visits bruises stitches) is a more concrete example of it somehow... It can't be hidden or denied and the tangible pain reflected my inner pain.  It's hard for sure.  An old timer at my AA meeting today remarked that when a person is drinking it seems as if life's problems are overwhelming and insurmountable. But he said when he quit drinking he discovered that 75% of his problems ceased to exist.  That makes sense to me combined with my new outlook on how great my life can be and how I never want to be in that place again.  I wish you strength for you for your wife and for us!
Thanks for posting...Every single person on this sub has done things they regret terrible things. ..For me it helped to make a plan and then execute it no matter what...Start living the life you were meant to live be kind to yourself and others.
Yesterday can be your last day of those kinds of mistakes.  I've been amazed at all the trouble I've avoided since I quit drinking could be the same for you too!  Sorry things are rough right now do you have access to counseling?  Some health plans give you 5 free visits a year it can be surprisingly helpful.  Take care
Dear God I needed to read this. I need to be reminded daily of the horrible suffering inflicted by this demon alcohol. Glad you're back &amp; prayers for your recovery. Hope to see you around. 
[deleted]
