-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49frkp/i_need_a_little_support/

Evening All (incoming ramble)..So I've been doing well. I almost have 2 weeks which is just mental. I couldn't go two days let alone a week for as long as I can remember...I do SMART twice a week and outpatient group therapy two or 3 times a week. So I'm keeping myself busy and learning a lot of life management skills and how to understand my emotions/triggers better...So amazingly the first 1.5 weeks I had a lot of 'thoughts' of alcohol and drugs but nothing ever strong enough to act on. I could just B-Line to my house and eat a bag of food and go to bed (read/Netflix etc.)...I'm starting to get scared now though. I have VERY VERY strong urges and am reminiscing about drinking whiskey and taking stimulants while playing computer games and just zoning out into my little world. ..Even though I see the monumental downsides for myself and my relationship it's just so prominent in the front of my brain that I can almost touch it. I know I'm planning my relapse and I'm doing everything to turn it off but I can't. It just won't go away!!!..Another thing (I've brought this up at therapy and SMART) is that my gf is going to be away for 3 weeks at the end of the month. I mentioned this to her too and she is very concerned but she needs to let me be me and enjoy her holiday. I'm my own person and she can't control what I do while she's away. For better or worse :/..I guess what I'm doing besides a public brain dump is to reach out and see if anyone can give me some advice or ideas on how to ride this very strong wave of impulse/craving/anxiousness. It's taken away my feelings of tempered success and slammed me back down to Earth. I feel so many emotions I can't even describe it. Sad scared and anxious don't even come close to it.
----------immediate responses--------

I have several go to's when the crazy gets bad: meditation exercise movies. What helps far more than anything else though is to reach out and help another alcoholic or someone else who is suffering. That has completely removed the obsession every single time.
Move a muscle change a thought worked for me when I had urges. Calling another alcoholic helped. Being of service to other people - whether that is calling someone who is struggling and just listening to THEM or going and putting change in other people's parking meters taking the focus off ME and how I feel helps a lot. If you have other sober people in your life spending as much of that time as possible with them helps to keep you accountable too. I hope something here helps!
It sounds like I'm a similar kind of drinker to you...my "thing" is sort of zoning out playing games and drinking. And like you I had a little bit of time this past weekend where I was "on my own" and I had a bit of a reflex-reaction to want to drink (that's sort of a classic situation in the past where I would have drank excess). I just did a bunch of stuff that isn't drinking that I enjoy doing; took a few drives bought a few hobby kinds of things and just sort of did non-drinking "me" stuff...I really like the comments here about taking the focus off of "me." In fact I intend to do a bit more of that tactic given the same situation in the future. I can say I spent sort of an above-average amount of time on SD the past weekend which is sort of like that and that helped as well.
This kind of thing got easier for me as time went on but for me it was similar to what you're going thru now early on.  What I did was acknowledge a craving for what it is and I could watch it come and then go unfulfilled.  It's called urge-surfing by some folks.  I always knew the urge would go away eventually even if I had to concentrate on NOT drinking just this 24 hours or this hour or this minute or just **this exact moment**.  Breaking it down to that level made it easier for me to digest just don't drink right this second keep doing that until the urge passes.  Good luck you can push thru it
