-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49jcei/my_sponsor_and_i_are_not_seeing_eye_to_eye/

I've been lurking here for a while loving the support and positivity. I'm 31 and just got 5 months under my belt after struggling off and on for years. Right as I was getting sober (within the first few days) I met a wonderful guy who despite not being an alcoholic has been really supportive and who I think is really it for me. I've been working with my AA sponsor for a while now and feel very close to her but don't always feel like I can be completely honest. I know her feelings about not getting involved for the first year and she has also not been in a relationship for over a decade. I finally came clean and she essentially told me that I would poison the relationship if I kept going and that probably end up drinking again and that no right to be involved with anyone before I finished my AA steps and cleaned up my past. .My head is swimming I don't know what to do she says if my guy cares about me he will understand that we can't be together until I am farther along in my sobriety. I don't feel this is necessary to stay sober I am very happy being sober for the first time in my life. I've haven't really struggled with AA until now it's helped me tremendously. Now I feel disheartened do I get a new sponsor tell this sponsor no just do what she says-i don't even think I can. I feel like I never should have told her at all...An update: thanks so much everyone for your comments everything was helpful. I ended up talking to my sponsor again and she told me that she hoped that what I got away from our conversation was love and a genuine concern which i can admit was not entirely what I got away from it initially. I think we both realized that the conversation got emotional charged and she was worried mainly because I came into the program after an extremely low bottom and many relapses. The resolution so to speak is that she suggested I talk to other alcoholics who have experience with this and to use my faith to really explore the right thing to do ultimately the choice is up to me. This wasn't entirely the message I got the first time but at the end of the day I guess the point is that we are human the conversation changed after we had a chance to let things simmer down  and I have to take responsibility for not being upfront with her and causing some hurt feelings. So the plan right now is to continue working with her on the steps (I'm in the middle of my amends) and to continue to talk to others alcoholics. Again thanks for  all the thoughtful advice and comments it gave me so much to think about. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Not in AA but from what I read around here I don't understand how an AA sponsor is either entitled or in a position to provide relationship advice. ..My gut feeling is that the conversation just strayed a little far out of the 'alcoholism' talk I suppose it would be almost anyone's human reaction to give an opinion if they were asked for one... and if they are constantly being looked up to for guidance then it is perhaps understandable they gave you their honest opinion?
Early sobriety was time well-spent in establishing a healthy relationship with myself. I think your sponsor went a little overboard in saying this too early romantic relationship will cause you to drink however. All I can do is speak from my experience over decades. Relationships started in early sobriety rarely work out because there is too much unfinished business in our own lives. A relationship distracts us from the serious work of building a sober life. ..As for what you should do I don't know. I think any good sponsor will tell you the same thing. Is she willing to work with you if this relationship continues?  
Wow reading that made me mad!  How dare she!? I mean how very dare she!!!..Obviously AA is very helpful for you. I think you should keep going but you should get a different sponsor. I  appreciate that puts you in an awkward position but you can't continue with someone with no flexibility...Well done on 5 months!
I am in AA. I understand where your sponsor is coming from. Are you sure you'd stay sober if the relationship ended? What about 3 or 6 months from now? We have that suggestion because we've been numbing our emotions for a long time with alcohol. It's a good idea to first get in touch with ourselves before starting a relation. My advice is to go slow with this guy. You sound like your having a terrific time with him. If he feels the same there is no need to move to the next stage just now/or any time soon. Just keep doing what you've been doing so far and both enjoy this time. And always keep in the back of your mind that he's in your life because you're sober. Good luck with whatever you decide
[deleted]
A bit mix-minded here. ..As said by /u/SOmuch2learn decades of AA experience shows new relationships in early sobriety are fraught indeed. It is rare that they work out well - but it has happened. ..You say he's supporting your sobriety which is a plus...The underlying problem is you know what you want but is your head on straight enough to know what you need? ..I would have preferred that your sponsor had been more suggestive and discussion minded than laying down the law on you though that may be my own problem - I have issues with sponsors who become over-directive. .
Where does the one-year rule come from? Is that common in AA? Nobody controls your sobriety but you. I believe having a Sponsor will help but if you can't be honest with the sponsor perhaps find another one. But I am not sure how that works either. .EDIT: I just finished reading some of the other comments so perhaps your sponsor mean well. But everybody is very different.
I got into a relationship a month after I got sober but I was an emotionally unavailable guy so there's that AND she quit drinking as we became a LTR. It was good and a great learning experience FOR ME. I had done a metric ton of self exploration as I was off and on the wagon in the months leading up to my quit date and a had support team in place around me. YMMV and proceed with caution 
One of the things I heard right off the bat was - "One of the recommendations is that you avoid entering romantic relationships for the first year. No one knows if this works as nobody has done it."..Lol. I got in a relationship about 6 months in against the advice of my sponsor. I wasnt ready. It went south and he was right. He was never too hard on me about it and seemed to understand that some things I'd just have to learn about myself through experience. He still loves me haha and I'm happy I didn't ditch him because of that recommendation.
She has done her job by telling you what she thinks on the matter but that is where her job ends. If you want to continue the relationship and you feel well equipped to handle the emotions that come with that you should tell your sponsor you hear her but are going to continue. That should be the end of the conversation. There is no right way to get sober because no two people are alike so following arbitrary rules is not a requirement. 
finishing the steps first seems completely arbitrary to me; there are lots of people who get and stay sober without attending AA and of those I'm sure lots have all kinds of different kinds of relationships. tbh i'd be more worried about my sobriety in the face of that kind of control and as others have said it isn't clear what qualifies her to make those kinds of comments. 
The first time I got sober without being legally compelled to do so I was 26. A month into that I met back up with an old friend and we toppled like pines for each other moved in and built a life together. We are still together 4 years later and it is difficult to recall what my life was even like before she came into it. She  was with me through two sober years 2 years of on/off attempts at moderation and still with me now I'm back on the wagon. Light of my life this lady. None of this would have happened had I taken the dogmatic suggestion not to get involved with someone inside the 1st year sober. I mean how would that even play out. "I'm falling in love with you." "I'm falling in love with you too let's get together." "Well my sponsor says I shouldn't because if things go wrong between us I might drink. Guess I'll just keep being alone then!" Seriously. Guard yourself and your sobriety but don't close off the possibility of romance just because some person who's not in your shoes worries that you MIGHT drink/use IF something goes wrong. I think your sponsor means well but fortune favors the bold.
We're all going to disagree with our sponsor from time to time. The question is whether or not they are telling us things that help us live better lives. I personally would never unilaterally tell anyone to avoid relationships in early sobriety. If I was sponsoring a person who was really codependent and had relationship issues that drove them to drink I might say differently but that's a specific case...Also don't worry a bit about getting second opinions. I've had four sponsors in my tenure every time it was because I found a sponsor who helped me in ways the previous one did not do and because the previous one said and did things with which I had serious conflict...If I were you I would press your sponsor to ask "why do you think a relationship would drive me to drink?" Keep getting more knowledge. Ask her why she thinks you specifically should avoid relationships. She knows you better than I do so you might get something useful.
[removed]
I feel that if you are happy and thriving then go for it.  I understand where AA is coming from with that stance but I feel you have to include the ramifications of a breakup in your plan.  It is not easy finding someone that is compatible and especially in our case because we need somebody to support our sobriety.  I hope things continue to go well for you but if a breakup does happen I hope you will already have gameplanned for that so you wont relapse.  Just my two cents.  
Live your life! Enjoy! Just don't drink...A friend of mine just celebrated his 30th anniversary of being clean and sober. While he was in outpatient treatment all those years ago he went on a blind date with a great woman who became his wife!..They have 3 kids and a grandchild. One of their kids is my daughter-in-law. She is a huge gift to our family and I can't imagine the world without her...So it's a good thing her dad and mom didn't follow the 1 year AA rule!
I'm in AA as well and I agree with a lot of the posts here that the manner and what sounds like a hard line in the sand that your sponsor used could have been better framed as more of a suggestion and not an ultimatum. That being said my experience has been that the majority of people that I've seen jump into a relationship "too soon" increase their chances of not working the steps and eventually relapse. My observation has been that many times they've put the relationship in front of their recovery and I can see how that's an easy thing to do.  Who the heck doesn't love the exhilarating feeling of being in a new relationship with a great person and all the awesome emotions that surround that. So when it comes to the hard work of steps 4 through 9 it's easy to not focus on them when I have something that's giving me a great feeling outside of recovery work. ..I've also witnessed some early relationships that did work out. The ones that did seem to be ones where a commitment to sobriety recovery and working the steps were front and center. Case in point my sponsor and his girlfriend both AA'ers started going out before either one had a year of sobriety. They made a commitment to each other that they would never let their relationship get in the way of AA and they've done just that. They each discussed the relationship before hand with their sponsors and got their respective "blessings" and buy in. ..It sounds like you value your sponsor and AA. If I were in your shoes I would try to do the following some of which you might have already done. Explain to your boyfriend the importance of flexibility to attend AA and to meet with your sponsor to work the steps and to discuss life. Then I would go back to your sponsor express your appreciation of the time and experience that they've given to you and that recovery is your #1 priority. We ask a lot of our sponsors and I sometimes forget the sacrifice mine makes in his daily life to meet with me and help me recover it is not fair to him that I be dishonest or break meeting commitments with him unless of an emergency. It's a two way street and he gives his time experience strength and hope to me freely I must respect and value that. ..I hope this long post helps good luck with your journey!
Where in the big book does it say no relationships? My sponsor always told me if it's not in the book then it's not AA. If you can suspend your character defects enough to bring something other than pain and suffering to that relationship then follow what it says in the book. Your sponsor has a point with cleaning up the past. If you don't take a good look at your past you don't know your patterns and you can't fix them. But she should be willing to sponsor you through that regardless of her feelings. 
My roommate got in a relationship in early sobriety and the end of the relationship led to a downward spiral towards a relapse...It's good advice. People in early sobriety are vulnerable and can latch on to someone else instead of seeking a spiritual recovery. I don't know you or your situation but your sponsor might be right here...You don't have to do what she says. Her advice is just suggestions. If you don't take her suggestions she may choose to recommend you find another sponsor. Because what's the point of sponsoring someone who ignores everything you say? Not saying that's what you're doing. This is just one issue. I don't know how she'll react if you date this person. I would talk it out with her.
Not sure if my badge works because I don't post here often but I'm 5 years sober in AA. I've gone through the steps three times and I sponsor other men. I got sober at 26...Personally I have issue with the "no relationships in the first year" advice because there's nowhere in the program that states it. It does states that AA does not mean to be "the arbiter over anyone's sex conduct" and "God alone can judge" that...However it's not unwise to hold off on relationships until you've thoroughly faced your misconduct and come up with sex/relationship ideals in your 4th and 5th step. If you understand that selfishly harming others is what makes a sober life un-livable then you should see the need to examine all of your previous relationships. You might have amends to make to previous ex's -- this is inherently complicated and being in a current relationship would make things worse...It is stated and that's echoed through experience that if the misconduct continues you will drink again. It is also stated that if it continues to be a problem that you're to throw yourself further into helping others. That denotes that you're in a position to do so which would mean you've made some amends actively practicing 10 &amp; 11 and able to sponsor others. ..Personally I allowed my ideals from my 4th steps to guide me in relationships and now I have my first long-term relationship of 2 years. I've cheated on every other partner I've been with. I also have friends who still struggle and probably need additional therapy. I've also seen countless amounts of people rush get in relationships relapse then never heard from again which is the most heartbreaking.
My problem is that a relationship - is a great deal like a drug to me...Seriously the endorphins or whatever get flowing life is good I am high - and my focus leaves fixing what I need to fix in order to stay sober - and to be the partner I want to be...I can't tell you what you should do - but if it were me I would certainly double down on my program - and send him to alanon as a part of the process.....good luck stay in touch....
For me one of the most difficult things to learn and practice in early sobriety are honesty and submission..Once  you admit you are powerless against alcohol your work to become sober is your one and only focus. This is your LIFE you are talking about. Not 6 months not a year not 5 years your entire LIFE...Reading your post reminds how strongly we fight to maintain control of what we Want in the early months. You were doing fine until you actually told the truth and got firm honest advice with the goal of helping you learn to be a sober person...You did not like the advice and so now you question. ..You have a choice my friend and it's an easy one..Do  you want to have a boyfriend right now or do you want to save your LIFE for the rest of your Life?..It's truly as simple as that.    You have to understand the concept of humility. It appears perhaps you are not far enough along in your program yet to understand this...I wish you success. Choose wisely.
&gt; I feel like I never should have told her at all...This is where I feel like the problem is.  The problem is not that she disagrees with you the problem is that now you feel like you can't talk to her.  It doesn't really matter who's fault it is.  If you don't feel like you can confide in her then it won't work out.  ..I just went back out after 10 months and I hadn't talked to my sponsor much in the last 1-2 months before it happened.  Probably because I was sick of him telling me I should go to more meetings and get more support.  And he was right.  
[deleted]
I had sponsors tell me this and I thought it was dumb but I kept relapsing. Now I've got almost 8 months and am happy to be focusing on me and don't even want a relationship. Particularly one who isn't in the program. I'm learning how to live and who I am and there is no room in that picture for a romantic partner right now. So I guess I came to the conclusion on my own that what I thought was dumb initially wound up making a whole lot of sense for me. Just my 2 cents.
While focusing on improving ourselves and learning who we are minus the alcohol especially in that first year as we work the steps do therapy whatever..a new relationship is most often a very bad idea. I've seen it end badly again and again.
I'd consider getting a different sponsor. Sounds like yours has some emotional baggage with relationships.
Well if you want to be in a relationship then be in one. The entire program is a suggestion. Just don't use the relationship working out or not working out as a reason to drink. There's no reason to drink. Just tell yourself that and live your life because this is why we get sober to LIVE! As for your sponsor you may want to look for another sponsor. Especially when your current one is telling you that you're going to drink if you don't do as she says or as the big book suggests. That's the shit I hate about AA. The fear mongering.
I was married before rehab and she stuck with me through it all so it was never an issue for me but I've always understood the advice about relationships early in recovery to be of the nature of not devoting your efforts to finding a partner. About not rushing to find someone just to have someone. So that you can focus on yourself without that outside distraction of trying to get a date...That being said however if a healthy relationship blossoms spontaneously to examine and understand the risks inherent in any relationship so you are going into it with the proper intentions...Basically it's advice against actively seeking a relationship to the detriment of your recovery. Not advice against relationships entirely...Your sponsor can't know that the relationship will be poisoned or that it will cause you to drink again. While it would certainly be a sponsor's place to point out the potential pitfalls with starting a new relationship making what appears to be an absolute statement about what will happen in the future is not...She's offered you advice. You can choose to follow it or not. 
It seems to me your sponsor is playing the odds. She probably has around 80-90 % chances of being right. This does not shut the door to a true love story. It just puts thing in perspective. If I look into my own journey at 5 months there were still a lot of fog between my ears. At the time avoiding alcohol was my hyper-most important task. A few years in I have lowered the guards: it is now simply my most important task. Whatever you decide I wish you put yourself on top of your own list.
While I probably would of given you the same advice I would of most likely used more tact.  that being said I don't know your relationship with your sponsor... In general relationships when newly sober are dangerous at best.  Sure we all know people who succeeded but we also know more that didn't and some with pretty serious ramifications...The thing that bothered me the most about your post was "I feel like I never should have told her at all".  If you're keeping things or lying to your sponsor that is a recipe for relapse.  If you have trust issues with her then you need to work that out first. Just remember your sponsor is your lifeline and your mentor not your friend...
I don't think there is anything in our literature that supports that "rule" about avoiding relationships for a year or until we completed the 12 steps. I could be wrong though...However I do understand the idea behind it. I also started something like a relationship recently and it was an emotional roller coaster for sure. I didn't drink and learned something about myself: my wellbeing depends on my recovery and constant thought of others and not on a relationship. 
There is a very good reason why it is suggested that you give yourself some time prior to jumping into a relationship. The reason is that in early sobriety your emotions and feelings are going to be on a rollercoaster. It just is...If you add additional feelings and emotions or relationships it just makes it harder. Seems to me that when we are newly sober we want to make this process as easy as is absolutely possible...Also you stated that your SO is not in a program of recovery. He will not know what it is that you are trying to accomplish. ..Hell at this point you dont either. Five months is a wonderful start but your journey is at the very beginning...You have all the time in the world and really do not need to jump into a relationship or anything at all...The entire program of AA is nothing but a suggestion. Their is a tremendous amount of people who have multiple decades in the Program. This works...But there is a catch you must be willing to do what needs to be done to stay sober...Now I will almost gaurentee you that very few of us with a while in the program have done everything our sponsors tell us to do but there are some very real things that it has been observed tend to kill early sobriety...Hanging out in wet places...Not going to meetings...Going to meetings but only for the trip sheet to get signed...Relationships. ..Family Gatherings...Over and over again these are huge red flags that "something" isn't working here...I am sorry I know this is not what you want to hear. Also not everyone who has an early relationship will get drunk but more often than not it becomes a real problem over time....
For myself I think it's perfectly fine and helpful to follow my own gut. It is commonly said in AA circles to take what is useful and leave what isn't. When I feel like advice or things shared with me in terms of recovery are overstepping boundaries that I'm comfortable with I simply look elsewhere for wisdom and focus on what messages seem to be having a positive effect on me rather than those that seemingly make things more difficult than they have to be.
Congratulation on your 5 months.   That is a huge accomplishment.   ...Most of the AA guidelines that didn't make sense towards the beginning did make sense to me after some time.  ...I learned a couple of the rules the hard way.   Those I fully understand now.  Lol....That being said you've already opened Pandora's Box...My sponsor gave me advice but also let me make mistakes when I didn't take it.  And was there for me without judgement when things didn't work out. ...It sounds like you already love this guy so it's a bit of a moot point.  It's not so easy to turn off the heart. ...If you decide to stay together it's imperative that you and he both fully understand that he and his needs must come 2nd in your life at this time.  ...I can't say that I would stay in a relationship where my needs come 2nd for an indefinite period.   But who knows when it comes to love?...Part of early sobriety is learning how to love yourself.  And you must be able to do that before you can really love someone else completely.  ...Your needs come 1st right now.  That is your focus what ever else happens. ....
Thank you for sharing. I had a really solid gentleman who has 30 years of sobriety tell me that things like 90 in 90 and 1st Year Cautions were not in the Big Book so he didn't go by those rules. To me they are safeguards to resist overindulgence while focusing on sharpening your new life skills you are acquiring through the program. You know what's best for you in the end when it comes to getting romantically involved with someone new. I don't give advice or listen to advice but a friendly suggestion is if things get serious then keep open communication and put your sobriety first...always. Best of luck! 
We give everybody the advice to not become involved in a relationship in their first year of sobriety because we're hoping someone will actually do it and tell us what happened as a result...If you feel that you cannot be completely honest with your sponsor find one that you can. Meanwhile don't take a drink and work the steps and you won't get drunk. You can make all kinds of mistakes in sobriety and stay sober; it still takes whiskey to get drunk...All that being said what does it say that you're out shopping around for opinions about your sponsor's advice? (Hint: it's the root of our problem.)
Thanks for sharing with us. Re-reading your post you present two solutions: 1) listening to your sponsor and going through the steps 2) firing or lying to your sponsor. Either will allow you to continue with your relationship. I have found that finishing my steps and building a relationship with my higher power has enriched all my relationships and kept me honest with my own motives and expectations.
Sounds controlling dogmatic and it crosses the line. Did she get this on stone tablets from above? Like who said that's how life is? That might be her belief system it might be true for some people sometimes but it's not like we really have that level of knowledge about the ways of humans and the psyche. Might work out for you might not same as usual. Sounds like she has a need to control and/or her own baggage that's seeping out. Of course you're healing and changing but a year in the nunnery isn't written in stone not a universal law. I'd rebel on principle!! joking of course 
&gt;she says if my guy cares about me he will understand that we can't be together until I am farther along in my sobriety...I don't agree. But during my first year of recovery I neglected my long distant relationship and she ended up getting a new boyfriend. So maybe she is right. I guess if anything its something to keep in mind whatever you decide...
My advice. Get a new sponsor.
I'm glad this was resolved; I think you did the right thing talking to her again. Remember for the future though to be open and honest with her even when and even especially when you are afraid of how she will react. This fear of how others will react does cause people to silence themselves sometimes and I think that comes from some abandonment issues of feeling that the person may reject you if  you tell them the truth.  Ultimately the only effective way to resolve this issue - in my own experience - is to be open and honest with the other person even when - and particularly when - I am afraid of their reaction.  It is the only way I've been able to learn that I can risk being open with people and it will not always lead to rejection or abandonment even when it leads to conflict.  This sounds like it will be a real growing experience for you.
