-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49kd03/151_days_and_struggling_today/

Hi.  I don't post a lot but I read everything everyday.  I've been cruising along for the past 151 days a few random cravings and drinking dreams but by and large really doing well...About a month ago I had my hip replaced (not old just a birth defect) and recovering well.  In that month my elderly mother managed to fall twice breaking her foot and hip respectively.  She's back in the hospital with blood clots and fluid in her lungs and has gone from the bright witty proper lady to having lost touch with reality angry and frightened.  The Dr.s have recommended sending her back to her assisted living apartment and having hospice come in.  I believe that is the most compassionate course of action and have gone through this with my father about 15 years ago.  My brother however is not on board...So I'm trapped at home (not cleared to drive) on a spectacular warm spring day and getting very annoyed that I can't go get some wine.  I want to drink.  I know that I shouldn't.  I know that I'll be angry with myself.  I know that it will contribute exactly nothing positive to the situation.  I can't even hop on the treadmill or go for a walk outside to relieve the tension.  ..So instead I'm here putting it out there.  Reminding myself how much better I feel when sober.  Hoping I'll stay strong.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I know that I'll be angry with myself. I know that it will contribute exactly nothing positive to the situation...Exactly. Try this: call someone and ask them how their day is going. Especially if it's someone who may be going through their own struggles. Then just listen. And resist the temptation to talk about yourself even if asked. Getting out of ourselves and being of service to others is a great antidote for stinkin' thinkin'. 
I just had to comment on this since we've got nearly the same amount of time...I'm sorry to hear about your mom that must be really hard. My parents are getting on in years and my dad not walking too great. I'm really happy that if anything happened to them I'd be able to drop anything and go out to see them (they live a few states away)--just as you will be able to do no matter what ends up happening with your mom. As for the warm weather I'm finding that a trigger on its own too...sitting on my patio sipping chardonnay sure sounds nice says the booze brain! But hang in there -- I know that voice always always lies to me. Best wishes!
I was the same way when I was stuck on the couch for some injury - nothing to do but drink!  The good news is you can't do anything about this craving :)  So sorry to hear about your mom.  Hope you both heal fast!!
