-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49l2k5/the_last_two_weeks/

The last two weeks have been...something else. 15 days ago I decided I was done with alcohol..I've been a daily drinker for the last 6-7 years drinking more and more heavily the last 2-3. I've tried to quit before sometimes being successful for months on end but always ended up falling back into the trap. Even when I got a DUI 3 years ago I still continued to drink and not address my issues with it..15 days ago I decided to get a handle on my obvious alcohol problem. I was really tired of waking up with a hangover every morning only to start hitting the tall boys hard again when 6pm rolled around. .I've had two deaths in my family over the course of the last month and have realized how short life really is. I don't want to waste my precious time here on earth in some cloudy alcoholic haze all the damn time..My university offers free counseling services and I spoke with a counselor about my struggles with alcohol today; it was really really empowering. We have another meeting next week..I've been reading this subreddit ever since I decided to quit and it's been incredibly helpful..I will not drink today! Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Thanks for being here and sharing!
Glad you're here by no means is it an easy road but it's fulfilling and much better than the alternative. Everyday I wake up sober I have at least one thing to be thankful for and proud of.
Thanks yall. Thrilled to be here!
Props! Just had my two weeks as well...&gt; My university offers free counseling services..This is awesome. I too had a really empowering experience with a university counselor. But I wish I had taken advantage of this before my senior year. After I graduated I couldn't afford counseling. Four months sober then I fell back into the trap. I'm thinking I'll post a lil PSA to let other students know there could be an accessible untapped resource at their disposal...
Congrats to you on seeking help from a counselor and on 16 sober days!
