-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49o0h5/struggling/

After calling out of work Monday and Tuesday  (Monday I was drunk Tuesday I was hung over) I am back at work and feel like shit. I feel like crying. I am an emotional anxious wreck. This last binge really beat me down. Co worker asked if I'm feeling better told her no and she told me I looked sick. I will not drink today but damn this is hard. Thank you everyone for your support.  It has helped tremendously..P.s. seriously thinking about going to my nurse practitioner and being honest.  Afraid she will refer me somewhere.  Hard enough to come clean with her. Don't really want the label of alcoholic all over my record. Feel like I'm just babbling now
----------immediate responses--------

I am on day 2 also try to remain calm (easier said than done I know)...I was honest with my GP told him exactly how much I was drinking and the reasons I felt I was doing it...I had been suffering with anxiety and panic attacks for years the alcohol gave me the Dutch courage literally to be able to push through...I soon realised the daily comedown from the night before was making my symptoms MUCH worse. Today luckily I feel less anxious maybe just because I feel i can beat this?..You can beat it too push through the first week things get better. I was sober for a year before it does get so much easier...Good luck
Hang in there! It's tough but give yourself a ton of credit for deciding not to drink. I'm sending you good thoughts.
Thank you all. 
&gt;Don't really want the label of alcoholic all over my record...I feel the same way. But as Allen Carr points out in his book there is no test to show if you're an alcoholic or not -- it's always a judgment call (i.e. personal opinion) even from a doctor. So don't let that keep you from getting help. Great job on starting the journey.
Hang in there! It gets better quickly over the first few days.
Hang in there! This too shall pass.  I binged not long before you and felt the same way. It sucks so much I know. But I'm already on day three and feeling better so there is hope for both you and I. I'm sending good vibes your way. 
We've all been there. If you want out you can get out... we'll help drag you out the pit if you want it and then and walk with you on the journey until you feel ready strong enough to continue alone. 
I had to tell myself many times through withdrawals that time can only go forward. In the case of alcohol withdrawal a lot of times all we need is time. It gets better so much better! I will not drink with you today!
Your nurse practitioner will understand that in the medical field it's classified as a disease.  Would you feel different if you had diabetes?  If so think about why...We're here for you!
This has happened to me too calling in from work that is. I know how embarrassing and anxiety-inducing it can be on your first day back when coworkers are asking you if you're okay if you're feeling better why you weren't at work etc. You already know you feel out of it and sick and it's so much more stressful when other people notice it and question you about it. Just know that it gets better - hang in there. Day by day you'll start to feel better and look better. Don't put too much thought into what your coworkers might be thinking about you but DO put thought into breaking that cycle. You don't want to be calling in to work for this anymore. 
