-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49pgme/day_2_again/

I just have to write this down   even if no on reads .I am not being honest and need to come clean. I binged again Saturday into Sunday and called out sick on Monday. Binging is my pattern. I have been able to go 4-5 days and then BAM I had a good day on Saturday. Kept myself busy but then felt the need to celebrate getting thru the day. Started with a bottle of wine. When I finally came too on Monday I had consumed that bottle of wine and an 18 pack of beer. I couldn't make it to work. Another sick day. Told them I had a migraine .and half believe my own lie. I am nervous I will get fired. Every time my manager walks past me my heart sinks. I am just praying I make it to 5pm without being called into her office. I am interviewing for a new position with another company and think I have a good chance but how do I start a new job with this beast on my back? I don't come clean in meetings and don't announce myself. Yet I go to meetings   almost every day. I pray to God daily to take away my desire to drink   and then I take my WILL back .when am I going to get this once and for all. I drove in a total blackout this weekend. A 3rd DUI is jail time for me. I haven't been honest with my friends with my sponsor and with my support group. I have only been honest with God. I am not sure why I can't be honest my EGO/My will? I know I can do this .i think this is day 2 but since I am not sure when my last drink was   I think it was Sunday night   I am not totally sure. This sucks. I want to get to a point in my life where my drinking does not take up 100% of my time. When I don't think about drinking I have almost no anxiety. When I drink my anxiety goes to 1000. I still don't feel like I can tell my support group   I am so tired of being a chronic relapser hopefully this will help. Thank you all for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

I read dude! Don't fret so long as you are alive anything is possible. ..It sounds like you already know answers to the questions you are asking and it's just about deciding it is time to change; no if's no buts it's the only road you want to go down? 
You are being honest now!  .Try to let it all out to your sponsor or your support group i imagine you will feel a huge sense of relief?!..Keep strong good luck.
I finally realized that I wasn't being honest because my alcoholic brain wanted me to have a loophole to drink again. I closed all the loopholes got super honest with my spouse and my mentor and it's helped immensely...it was scary as hell at first I'm glad I did it. Best wishes!
Not yet 5pm....still worried about being fired.....every time my manager leaves her office I get a pain in my stomach. So nervous....just need to put it out there....ugh....
Do you have someone to CONSTANTLY communicate with to keep you honest? Sobriety is a tough thing to get through alone? Do you have a SO? best friend? ..
