-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49wtse/starting_my_second_day_struggling/

Hey guys..I'm recently starting my quest for sobriety. I've been drinking fairly heavily the past 5 years or so drinking on average at least 3 drinks a day but often more...The past few months I've been getting drunk every night for more days than I can remember and as a result my life has just felt like a strong blur...I'm trying to get my shit together. As of right now I have about 44 hours clean but I'm struggling hard. All I can think about is drinking a beer. It's hard to eat food without it it's hard to think about going to sleep without it. I'm getting anxious...I don't remember the last time I have gone this long without a drink. Maybe a few years as I have kept a consistent flow in and out. ..If anyone has any advice for these first few days or time or something I would be thankful. Today I felt better than I had in a long time but now the cravings are getting tough.
----------immediate responses--------

I really like to have a cup of sleepytime extra tea in the evenings it helps calm me down (I didn't believe it would really work but the valerian root really does the trick for me!)...chamomile is nice too. I like to lie down in bed and listen to guided relaxation meditations you can google there are a ton out there. Congratulations on 44 hours nearly 2 days! Best wishes.
I changed what i ate. Had to quit cheese for example bc it reminded me too much of my old friend Wine. : ) ...Not so bad bc I was fat anyway and that helped me lose weight. ..Many people here report wanting sweets. I allowed myself some. It's helped...And it's beside the point I think that I've developedma York Pepperminte Patty problem. ..Otherwise I just tried to find ways to fill time. I started and didn't finish books. I listened to podcasts on science and Buddhism and can tell you little about either. I got back to treating the gym as religion and could still stand to lose another 10.  The point wasn't to 'succeed' in all those endeavors. It was just to do ANYTHING besides drink. That was really challenging for me the first week like all the time. ..(It's still challenging by the way. Just less often less continuously.)..Most helpful was reading posts here. I do it everyday.
I could never have gotten sober on my own. My willpower will only last so long before I will decide one of two things: ..1) I'm not really an alcoholic. I can control my drinking...or..2) Fuck it. ..I enlisted all the outside assistance I possibly could. 
When it gets bad enough come on here and lurk. Or better vent and receive positivity. Get in the chat channel. It helps having immediate feedback. In my first couple weeks there were two times I was in liquor store parking lot ready to relapse and I read on SD for a bit and ended up u-turning.    .We've all been in your shoes. More than once sometimes and we have all made great strides. You can too. Hang in there.
For me the first few days were tough with cravings anxiety - but you have to remember that it will subside.  ..I also recommend doing something you find enjoyable to distract you from the urge to drink.  For me it's yoga.  Once I stopped drinking I signed up for a month of yoga and I've gone almost every night.  It helps calm me down and now instead of grabbing a drink when I'm bored/lonely/sad/[insert emotion here] I do yoga or work out...You just gotta get over the hump - and you can!  You're doing great so far!  .
