-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49xl5r/johnhavens_drunkalog/

Our stories disclose in a general way what we used to be like what happened and what we are like now . How it Works AA Big Book Ch 5..Hi everyone. I'm John and I'm a grateful recovering alcoholic. ..I haven't taken the time to convey my drunkalog here yet and I've been telling bits and pieces here and there in PMs or in comments so I'm going to put most of it down here so I can refer back to it later. If anyone reads this and finds anything that I wrote in any way helpful to their journey well that's just a bonus. ..I've been an addict for most of my life. I'm forty-one years old right now and I started smoking cigarettes thirty years ago at the age of eleven. This is when I started a habit mind you. I have no idea when I first tried one. The same goes for alcohol. Like so many others my first taste of alcohol likely came from my Dad allowing me a sip behind my mother's back...By the time I was thirteen I had a pack a day habit. My parents were aware and my Mom even allowed me to smoke in the house. She smoked as well and condoning my habit helped justify her addiction as well. This is really just the groundwork for the story so you'll understand when I reference smoking...Fast forward to the summer before I believe my fifteenth birthday. We had a rental site every year for the whole summer at a local campground and that is where I spent my summers during my teenage years. This summer there were some college age kids in the next campsite over. I don't recall how exactly but one evening late at night I ended up at their site during a party. There was of beer and liquor and they offered me as much as I could drink. So that night I became friends with vodka. I would have many love affairs in my life but I would always return to my first love   vodka. That night was the first time that I got drunk and was the end of the last time that I am certain that I was sober for any significant length of time - Fourteen years and some change. If I remain strong enough to someday pick up a fifteen year chip that will be the longest stretch of sobriety of my life. As of this writing I have one hundred and fifty-three days of sobriety which is likely the most sobriety I've had since I started drinking. Five thousand three hundred and twenty-two days to go .Looking back I likely have had stretches in my teens and twenties of sobriety but I'm not certain of it and at the very least I drank on weekends. Even back then though I sometimes drank at school or work when possible. Drinking was kind of just the thing we did in my town. I never felt that I couldn't go without a drink though but I was certainly a binge drinker. I quickly developed a taste for mixed drinks and shots. Beer was nice but it didn't get me drunk quick enough....For the next few decades I struggled with smoking off and on. I struggled with drinking too occasionally but I wasn't looking at my drinking at the time because no one talked about the negative effects like we do with cigarettes. Smoking was unhealthy but drinking was perfectly fine. I attempted to quit smoking over and over and over again but I always relapsed at some point. I learned a lot about addiction though and realized that I was also addicted to caffeine. I learned a lot about triggers changing behaviors relapse prevention and more. I read books about quitting and listened to motivational speakers who promised to teach me the *secret* to quitting. Eventually it worked. I made it a week then a month then a year without smoking. I had beaten my addiction....Over the decade leading up to this time however my alcohol consumption had increased to a daily buzz. I started drinking all the time. Wherever I went I always had some alcohol I could drink or mix into a soda. Drinking became my life. I was always at a bar hanging out with friends or at home having a drink from my stocked bar. I wasn't always drunk though just buzzed so I didn't think too much of it. I had always been pretty careful to not drink and drive but at this point I simply couldn't avoid it because I was *always* inebriated to some degree. I began to develop driving patterns never too late at night never to close to known check point areas. I justified this behavior by saying that I was never  that drunk  when driving. Sometimes I would even admit that I couldn't drive and take a cab so this seemed to prove that when I did drive I was okay. We all know that I wasn't. ...As year after year went by with me drinking 365 days out of the year I eventually grew tired of the lifestyle. It wasn't that I was  sick and tired of being sick and tired    yet but I could see that there should really be more to my life. I was divorced and without kids but I still had plans to have a family at some point you know when I grow up. In an effort to put the brakes on this thing I stopped going to bars and parties so often. I started limiting my social drinking to once or twice a week and eventually only a few times a month. I was still drinking just now I was doing it at home. I was able to justify this because the alcohol was cheaper at home than in a bar and I wasn't at risk of driving drunk when I'm already home. This led to essentially unlimited drinking on a daily basis. At the height I was usually drinking around a fifth of liquor daily   usually either scotch or vodka. ...There was still something very much wrong but I didn't really understand what it was. I knew it had something to do with my drinking but I in all honesty did not consider my drinking to be a problem or that I might be an alcoholic. I just had no experience with the concept and was surrounded by heavy drinkers for my entire life. Looking back I eventually realized around this time that when I quit smoking I had transitioned my nicotine addiction over to an increased addiction to alcohol but I didn't or couldn't realize it at the time. I still simply didn't understand it yet and I was certainly in not yet ready to accept that I was an alcoholic. I knew that I needed to change something though so I changed an aspect of my dating life. I decided to only date women that didn't drink. I met a nice woman who didn't really have any attraction to alcohol and we hit it off (spoiler alert she later marries me). I felt like this would give me a way to do things that were unrelated to alcohol and would allow me to cut back my consumption. Around this time though I started realizing that I wanted it more and more. The more I tried to resist the harder it pulled me back in. She started to notice it too and she would mention my drinking problem from time to time. I would always deny that I had a problem of course and made promise after promise to stop. Lie after lie that I would  only drink on the weekend  or  only while at home . These lies led to hiding my alcohol consumption which led to even more lies. Lying became like second nature and I've had to retrain myself to not lie about things anymore since I'm not hiding anything but it still happens from time to time.  Oh what a tangled web we weave  ..I was self-medicating with alcohol for several medical and pain issues as well so occasionally I simply couldn't avoid it and would get absolutely sloppy drunk. Inevitably this led to our first of many episodes where I got so drunk that I threw up all over the place and then passed out in the middle of the floor for my then girlfriend to take care of me. Why she didn't run at that point I will never understand. She stuck with me though and I repaid her by repeating that episode and lying to her over and over again. I finally agreed to see an addiction counselor but I would still deny that I had anything more than a slight drinking problem that I could probably solve by addressing my chronic pain issues. None of this helped though and I really truly was beginning to see that I simply could not stop drinking no matter what I tried. I started to see the parallels between my past addiction and behavior with nicotine and how closely my affinity for alcohol resembled it. Slowly ever so slowly I moved closer to finally being  sick and tired of being sick and tired  and understanding and acceptance of being an alcoholic. I knew that the key to quitting smoking had eventually been *practice*. I knew that desire and diligence would set me free. Each time I failed I would learn a little more. I was also learning that each time I attempted to stop it was harder and when I eventually returned alcohol would have a greater grip on me. I applied everything I knew about dealing with addiction and would put together a few days weeks and even a month or two here and there but I would always eventually fail.. .I didn't really know it at the time but I was suffering from severe depression as well. I probably was depressed for most of my life and just wasn't able to see it since I was controlling my emotions with chemicals since before I started puberty. The yo-yo effect of quitting and restarting my drinking was playing havoc with my brain and my mood swings were growing more and more dramatic. My highs were high but my lows were very very low and getting worse. For long stretches of time I wouldn't eat or do anything. I would simply sit watching TV and drinking my liquid calories day after day. My  hair of the dog  the following morning demanded that I begin drinking before I even brush my teeth and should have one drink in me before my shower and the second drink can come with me into the shower. That's right I would drink right in the shower. There was plenty of room and a shelf for my drink. I used a plastic cup so there was no risk of broken glass in the tub. By the time I was dressed I was likely on my third drink and was finally feeling better. .It's difficult to maintain that though. Over time you start to need to get up in the middle of the night to have a drink. You're throwing up so often that it's just accepted at this point. I would throw up in the back yard while the dog did his business in the morning. I would throw up in the shower. I wasn't eating so it was all just liquid anyway. I would pull over open my door and throw up on the side of the road. My lows were so low that crying over pretty much anything was starting to become a regular occurrence I could no longer sleep and my anxiety was through the roof. I was quite literally losing my mind...I finally caved in. I had no more options left and was beginning to feel suicidal. Not necessarily that I would intentionally kill myself but my behavior and alcohol consumption was such that it would have to lead to my death at some point. Even I was amazed at how much alcohol I was drinking. I had absolutely no control over myself and one morning after laying awake all night with my heart pounding I woke my wife up very early and just broke down telling her that I needed help. I was dejected but finally ready to do anything necessary to regain control over my life. ..There was an addiction clinic nearby so we drove there first thing in the morning. I had no idea what to expect and I was *terrified*. I didn't know if I was going to be locked up right then and there what detox was like and I was afraid to be around hardcore drug addicts. As it turned out they didn't have room for me anyway and I had to detox on my own at home. The opiate problem has grown so large that there isn't any place left around me that can detox alcoholics. They signed me up for their Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) though and they had room for me to start the next day. It was three hours a day six days a week and I enjoyed it in spite of myself. I met a lot of good people and learned a lot about drug and alcohol addiction. I also discovered AA which I swore I would never participate in because I'm an Atheist. There wasn't a mental health component though and this was an abstinence based program only. Once I was done there I dove fully into AA. I had a sponsor and was working on my 90 in 90. As each day passed though I was getting worse and worse. I was having a lot of problems with things like depression speech concentration and fine motor control. I talked to everyone about it but it was chalked up to post-acute withdrawal syndrome and was told to basically just suck it up. If I wanted what they had I needed to do what they do. If I was struggling it was because I didn't want it bad enough and I just needed to go to more meetings. I was already going to at least one a day and sometimes two or three but I tried to add more in. ..I eventually relapsed on day 99. ..My sponsor told me that I needed to check myself back into rehab. So did my therapist my physician and my wife. It wasn't that I wasn't willing but I just did not see the point in going back to a program that just taught me about addiction. It wasn't like I didn't pay attention the first time around and logically I didn't see how I would benefit from attending the same session again. At this point I was no longer willing to surrender myself to everyone else and it was time for me to become my own advocate. I started doing my own research looking for another rehab that I could check into and that is when I discovered the concept of  co-occurring disorder . This matched exactly what I was feeling and made perfect sense to me. Basically the philosophy is that you can't treat the depression If you're still drinking but you can't stop drinking if you're not treating the depression. They need to be dealt with concurrently in order to be successful. I had a little trouble but finally managed to get myself a referral to this clinic unfortunately from the emergency room and I spoke with a psychiatrist a few days later. I was put on anti-depressants as well as Naltrexone and I signed up for their IOP. This time it was easy. Within a few weeks I could already tell that I was having a much easier time of it than last time and wasn't experiencing any of the effects that were being chalked up to PAWS. ..Each day got better and I began to return to some or my old AA meetings. I realized that many of the meetings I had been attending were incredibly depressing and weren't serving to help me. They were probably good for some people and an excellent reminder of why to stay sober but not to help me quit drinking. I cut these meetings out altogether. They were mostly beginner meetings that I referred to as  fire and brimstone  type groups and study groups that I don't think I really needed anymore anyway. I selected one of my old meetings in particular however that was just a discussion group and was always very positive. I made that my new home group. My  practice  quitting was finally paying off. ..I don't have the  high high highs  anymore but I also don't get the suicidal lows either. Each day is getting better and I'm feeling really good for the first time in a long time. This didn't come easy but if it did I wouldn't have been in this problem in the first place. There's actually a lot more detail to this story but I've already written a wall of text so I'll save that for another time. For now this serves as an introduction. There isn't anything special or unique about my story but it's mine and here it is. Feel free to shoot me questions if you'd like or leave them in the comments. I'm an open book and if my story can help someone else or encourage them to get help because they can identify with me that's great. ..Fun fact: A poker chip or medallion to mark your time of sobriety in AA was invented by a group called "The Portland Group" decades ago. That's Portland Maine to be specific and they're actually still an active group so many decades later. I picked up and still have my first white chip from that group. ..Remember luck has nothing to do with this; desire and diligence will set you free. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats for finally finding a way out! Thanks for sharing your story.
Thanks for sharing.  I suspect a lot of readers here will identify with you story tour struggles and be inspired by your success!
What a story. I relate to so much of it. I wish you happy and lasting sobriety.
Thanks so much for sharing! Your last line is the best:..&gt;Remember luck has nothing to do with this; desire and diligence will set you free...THIS. I might put this on my bathroom mirror for a while. It's always my choice whether I drink or not. Thanks for the reminder.
Thank you for sharing and congrats on your time. I quit on 1/10/2002.  I forgot about the waking up in the middle of the night drinking.  I do vividly remember the throwing up though. The first swig of a new day was always done over a trash can because that mess was coming right back up.  I like to remember because it keeps me grateful. We don't all get this.  Some of us die.  That is a treasure of a wife you've got.  I'm sure you already know that.  
