-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4a2xpy/have_you_all_seen_the_addiction_cycle_diagram/

My last relapse I described how I'd felt to a friend and my depression it triggers as well as a bit of a mental breakdown that's always related. My friend sent me a diagram and I realised it's exactly what I'd been doing. It's here I was amazed to see my years of actions and feeings put this way (please let me know if not allowed to link couldn't see how we could post an image): http://bellevuechristiancounseling.com/files/2015/07/HELENH-20150714-Addiction-Cycle-300x281.jpg..He also said to learn about emotional self abuse and how to try and reduce that which I'm working on and it's helping..Be kind to yourselves! And know that pride is the antidote of shame and it builds up exponentially if you stay on a good trajectory even if it's bumpy and not linear always get up and keep climbing pushing through all the challenges you face. Because that is something to be massively proud of! ..I know it's easy to feel down and judged negatively by people due to past things related to when booze was controlling you. However now you're controlling it you're doing something that takes immense strength humility courage remorse self-awareness determination. So the next time you feel low even if you fall off don't feel ashamed or beat yourself up tomorrow is another day and feel proud to know you're now on the right road that you weren't before and you're trying your best!..Proud of you all :) No matter what stage you are at I hope you feel proud of yourselves too...I read this the other day which I hope will be of interest to some. It helped me as I'm scientifically minded and understanding it from an objective biological view helps:.."Sometimes it doesn't feel like your brain wants you to be happy. You may feel guilty or shameful. Why?..Believe it or not guilt and shame activate the brain's reward center...Despite their differences pride shame and guilt all activate similar neural circuits including the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex amygdala insula and the nucleus accumbens. Interestingly pride is the most powerful of these emotions at triggering activity in these regions   except in the nucleus accumbens where guilt and shame win out. This explains why it can be so appealing to heap guilt and shame on ourselves   they're activating the brain's reward center...And you worry a lot too. Why? In the short term worrying makes your brain feel a little better   at least you're doing something about your problems...In fact worrying can help calm the limbic system by increasing activity in the medial prefrontal cortex and decreasing activity in the amygdala. That might seem counterintuitive but it just goes to show that if you're feeling anxiety doing something about it   even worrying   is better than doing nothing...But guilt shame and worry are horrible long-term solutions. So what do neuroscientists say you should do? Ask yourself this question:..What am I grateful for?..Yeah gratitude is awesome  but does it really affect your brain at the biological level? Yup...You know what the antidepressant Wellbutrin does? Boosts the neurotransmitter dopamine. So does gratitude."
----------immediate responses--------

I sometimes get into these negative feedback loops or I imagine getting into arguments with people (and winning of course) - and I know it's wrong but it feels so good!  Very interesting to read about why.  Thanks for posting this!  ..Every morning I meditate and write down three things I'm grateful for. It only takes 15 minutes but I honestly think it has a MASSIVE impact on how I feel.
One thing that helped me when I was really feeling the hurt of my past actions (once in treatment) was hearing that we need to let go of shame.  Shame refers to the whole being and all of us have done good things and are/can be good people.  Guilt is for actions.  ..So it's fine to feel guilt - and for those things we feel guilty about we can work on - but those are instances.  Shame needs to be let go.  
"Pride is the antidote of shame" ... wow powerful words. I used to work as an addiction counselor. Never heard that one before though. Thanks for sharing. :)
Wow! Interesting stuff! Saved the diagram. Thanks.
this one hit a little close to home.
Ha! I have actually been taking Wellbutrin since June last year. Despite the warnings I drank on that medication until New Years (super risky). ..It has been so much more effective without alcohol which makes sense since alcohol is a depressant... but no one could tell me anything about it until I decided I was done. Addiction can be scary that way. ;/ ..Good post! Had to save this.
