-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4a6k62/turning_my_life_around_one_bad_habit_at_a_time/

St. Patricks day is round the corner where we celebrate the national predisposition to alcoholism of my country. I started drinking when I was quite young always got a few more cans than my friends to get the most out of the night. Is it just me or is social anxiety a common fucking theme when it comes to problems with drink? I don't know if I was born with this impulse but not once in my life have I ever stopped drinking until I blacked out and spent all my money. I am an awful fucking begger when I black out rinsing my mates for a couple more drinks. Never enough cash for a taxi. Been brought home a number of times by the police always with decency and discretion. I am thankful that I had parents that dragged me through some terrible years. 17th will be a sober St. Patricks day with the woman who tolerates me and I love dearly. I'm pretty fucking lucky to catch this early even though it will never be an easy thing to manage given how prevalent drink is in my culture. Good luck to those struggling with drink I know I'm much happier without it hanging over my head. 
----------immediate responses--------

I consider myself part of the sober culture. It works for me :)
I gave up both among and drinking on the same day.  I am happy /proud to say I don't do either cause I did them both for a long time.  I take it you have stopped drinking.  If you are going to be part of this group you may like to apply for your badge showing your sobriety period.  500 days tomorrow for me I have no urge to drink or smoke... Now I just have to control my sugar and carb in take..... Lol.  Life is just so much better for me now  the main reason is that I no longer hate myself for what I do I no longer weaken me by doing something that I knew I should not be doing at the levels I was doing it.... No moderation for me... Blackout baby all the way why sip when you can get blotto by skulling.   I hope you enjoy your sobriety as much as I do mine.
It's tough to avoid the drinking culture here. Totally agree. Have you watched Des Bishop's 'Under the Influence'? Used to hate that guy but my opinion has shifted completely since watching that series...I've been seeking new ways to spend my free time and challenging some friends to be creative when they suggest we hang out..Last week's suggestion by a friend for sober fun in Dublin was a table quiz (more accurately described as a pub quiz ;-) ). .I'm celebrating Paddy's this year with a massive hike followed by a big feed. Hope you have something good planned for your time off!.
