-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4a8q7u/mental_relapse/

Last night I mentality relapsed. My parents took the kids for the night and my wife and I went out for a nice diner. I was having a great time overdoing it on ice tea etc. My wife suggested we go to the grocery store and buy some junk food for a movie night perfect. Everything was fine until she asked me as we were about to leave "do you want anything else?". Holy hell my brain flipped a switch. No kids heading home for the night 0 risk... Time to get drunk. I said to my wife "I really really want a drink"  and thankfully all I needed to hear from her was "please dont".  I'm so happy she was there and that I have her for support. What scared me is I was 100% going to do it. What is going to happen if I  have an entire weekend alone? I need to develop a strategy for that because I can see it coming a mile away.
----------immediate responses--------

That beast brain lies in wait for just such opportunities! I try not to live in a fear-based mentality but it is certainly always good to have some preparation for times/things you know might trigger beast-thinking. Kudos to your wife for helping you out and to you on your month!
Hello. You are correct that you cannot rely on someone else to protect you from alcohol. I had to learn to do that for myself but could not do it alone. Rehab therapy and involvement in AA provided the tools I needed. 
Being alone is the toughest time for me.  I could go out with friends and watch them get hammered and it would not tempt me one bit.  Being home alone while doing chores and such is another story.  The demons come screaming hard during those times.  I have found if I can simply try to stay away from home and engaged in sober activities then I don't have to fight as hard.  It is crazy that I don't feel comfortable being at my own home but that is the way it is for now.  Hopefully down the road I will feel more at ease not rewarding myself with that manic high I love so much.  I felt recently that everything was going well but this weekend took a turn.  I have not felt cravings like this even in the first week.  I spent a lot of time getting our camper ready for the season and the girls were away all day.  This was a HUGE trigger for me.  I used to always get drunk and clean the hell out of that RV.  It is tough changing our cycle we have created for so many years.  Hang n there!
it's so crazy to me that even after more than two years without a drop I still have thoughts like this all the time. I'm  inspired by you - seems like voicing that desire to drink was really key and getting back a message from your partner that it wasn't a good idea helped clue you into this pattern...Everyone is different but I've also found that I most think about drinking when I'm actually hungry angry lonely or tired (HALT) - so I really try to monitor myself for those feelings. Eating regularly and getting enough sleep has also helped me - sometimes it's the simplest things!
The good news is that every day takes you further away from that dependency. 30 days out I'd have a thought invade my mind like that. 60 days out a lot less. 90 even less. Not only that you encounter so many different times in which you say no that you're building new habits and reactions so that while the fear isn't necessarily unfounded it may not be such a huge risk. 
I had those myself. I notice afterwards that a few days or weeks prior I would start behaving the way I did when I drank. I would get selfish unhappy with the way things were angry etc.
[removed]
I'm happy she was there for you :) At one month sober you're still pretty vulnerable. It's really important to have positive people in your life and it looks like you found one!
I have about the same amount of days as you right now and I have to say I do think about drinking more now than two weeks ago so I know how you feel.  ..The lucky thing is you can see it coming from a mile away.  This gives you time to make a healthy plan to stay the course.  When you face the upcoming night with your wife and no kids or upcoming weekend alone remember this mental relapse and make a plan to avoid drinking.  Figure out how to fill that time with things that aren't about drinking.  That weekend alone plan a hike go fishing work on the yard run errands meet a sober friend go to a meeting or two keep yourself occupied.  ..There is the idea of play it forward.  When faced with these situations think about what would happen if you did your thing and got good and blasted over the weekend.  What would that lead to?  How would you feel after?..Maybe make a written promise to yourself not to drink for those two days like the daily check in on this sub but for yourself.  Plan a reward for when you pull it off then reward yourself and enjoy it....Good for telling your wife and good for her response.  I tell my gf when I have those thoughts and then I tell her "but I didn't take that drink" and we can both feel good.  The thoughts are normal and the control not to act on them is commendable.
Just saw your reply. The play it forward worked against me in this instance because there were no negative outcomes (in the short term) BUT realizing that the one night of drinking could and would lead to being hammered every weekend was a thought that leveled me out. 
