-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4afi3l/starting_over_do_you_tell_your_friends_and_family/

So I fell off of the bandwagon this past weekend. Both nights. Ended up blacking out on Saturday and doing something stupid. I was doing so well and then I slowly started implementing red wine back into my life. I thought (like I have countless times before) "Oh I'm fine. I have control". Then things slowly spiral out of control and I'm left with a night I barely remember and behaviors that I regret..When you guys have to start over from day 1 do you tell your friends and those close to you? I feel like each time I have relapsed and started over I tell my friends and they don't really believe me. I feel like I'm setting myself up for failure in a way. What do you guys think? I really want alcohol out of my life... I'm such a better person without it.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I find that it's a hugely personal thing will it benefit you if you tell them? Will it help motivate you and ease your mind? If yes go ahead if not why would you. For me my AA group and close small group of friends are the ones I talk to about those things the people I use as my support network and the ones I know will have positive things to say and do about it everyone else can fuck off. It's no one's business but your own so fuck the world and do what will help you in your primary purpose or at least that's my two cents. Good luck and welcome back it takes a lot to hop back on the wagon and I'm proud of you. Here's to another 24!
I found the best approach for me was to be open and honest with my family and true friends.  I had to quit the games of treating sobriety and alcoholism as if they were things to be ashamed of.  
Sometimes it's best to let actions speak louder than words. 
My friends and family stopped believing me about my day ones. That didn't stop me from telling them this time around by far my most successful attempt at sobriety. They might not believe you at first but after a month or 2 of never touching a drink they'll definitely believe you. Good luck! 
My family friends they all drink a lot. We went to lunch today I just said that since I'm back from vacation I'm going to try and eat super healthy and I'm not drinking until I reach my goal weight which is 17 pounds less than I am now. I figure that will buy me some time and I can figure it out then. Maybe then I'll say wow I feel so great I think I'm sticking with it for awhile. I guess every sitch is different but I'm not willing to open up myself to what I think will be a battle. Basically this is highly personal to me. I'm just coming to terms with it myself and I don't have the strength to defend my position so I don't want to be challenged.  
I think if I relapse I will tell my sponsor and maybe some recovering friends but I don't think I would tell other friends or family. I can't think of a good reason to tell them really. Everyone's situation is different but I think relapse and recovery are intensely personal things and I would want to talk about it with people who would understand and empathize. 
I only really started telling people why I quit recently. Not the most forthcoming approach but like others have said I found it was better to speak through my actions. Good luck whatever you decide!
