-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4afryh/you_do_not_understand/

To all the people out there who are not alcoholics: You do not understand.   .  .You do not understand my struggle.   .   .You do not understand my cravings.   .  .You do not understand my regret for the people I have hurt.
----------immediate responses--------

Our victims sometimes do.
You do not understand my sadness
This is how I feel when I try to explain my alcoholism to my friends who are not afflicted with this curse (it feels like one sometimes). It feels impossible to get them to understand sometimes (even though I know many won't and that it's not my responsibility to make them understand). Your situation and struggles are most certainly different from mine but as a fellow alcoholic I do understand in a way. I understand the regret wholeheartedly. Keep posting here. 
I mostly agree but just as I've been frustrated by people who don't understand my problems I've realized that they (hell probably everyone) have problems that I will never fully understand.
Some don't understand...Some will know exactly they type of things that you're talking about.  Some will have larger struggles;  some will have more consuming cravings; some will have soul wrenching regrets for people that they've killed often by accident...I've met a lot of these people in meetings.  Their stories help me heal.  My stories help them as well.  ..Have you tried that?
Where I find understanding encouragement and guidance is at AA meetings. 
They don't understand because they've never thought about alcohol the way we do. It's not their fault our perspectives about it are just different. You can't change them so why worry about it? Just focus on improving yourself and all will be right in the world :)
I respectfully disagree. My wife has a good idea of what I go through and she is incredibly supportive of me.
Does anyone really understand anyone else's plight? I've never walked in your shoes you've never walked in mine. I don't know what it's like to be allergic to dairy or to have a prosthetic leg. It's ok to not be understood! I don't know what YOUR cravings feel like and that's ok! You're rad the way you are! Perfectly imperfect just like the rest of us addicted or not!! You're doing great!
Just today I was out in the world looking at normies having their drinks at lunch and I thought about what a blessing it is to have this group because **they get it**.
