-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ah94r/one_year_sober_celebrate_with_fermentation_of/

I recently took on bread baking and found a good no knead brioche recipe. By *America's Test Kitchen.* The key is to let the dough ferment in the fridge for 18 hours while the flavors and gluten develop. Using fermentation for a positive purpose. The bread turned out pretty good. The shape was a little weird but not bad for a first timer. ..I'm thankful for the one year of sobriety. Thanks for the help I got on this sub in the very beginning. The most terrifying days of detox were the first 3. Day 3 was the worst. I was anxious shaking puking and hallucinating. I'm a girl in my late thirties. Still have a lot of tough days but to quote Joyce Meyer "I'm not where I should be but thank God I'm not where I used to be". Shame is my biggest struggle right now. Of past mistakes. Sometimes it's like a horror movie. Other times it's better...My skin looks a lot better. As a black person my face suffered hyperpigmentation issues on my lips that's disappeared. I lost over twenty pounds without really trying. My sweet tooth is back for the first time in almost a decade...And tomorrow I will wake up with no hangover or blackouts...
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your (first) year lady!!!..I'm with you on the shame for past mistakes are you making any amends/ step work? ..I'm an avid cooker too I love making my girlfriend breakfast and dinner every day of the week it makes me really happy. ..I raise my cup of tea to your success! 
Wooooo!!!! Congrats /u/tallwindycitychik! 
Congratulations of 365 days of awesome sobriety! Here's to many more. 
Huge huge congrats! Such a great thing to have made it a year and I'm inspired to hear you're learning new hobbies and enjoying life!
Congratulations fantastic achievement 
Ahh! Congratulations! I recognize your username from my favorite subreddit. I love that someone else shares two of my obsessions. Here is to Andy Cohen and sobriety! 
Congratulations on one year!! ..Also Yay for homemade bread! I love America's Test Kitchen. They have a great monthly magazine called Cook's Country you should check out. I've finally gotten my oven fixed (because that's what sober people do they don't leave things broken!) and I can't wait to start baking again.
Congrats on your anniversary! One year sober wahoooooo!!!!
CONGRATULATIONS! 
Congrats! Well done!
Congrats on one year!
This is fantastic! Congratulations on your success! Have fun with this tastier and less damaging fermentation experiment..I love bread baking as well. Here are a few of my favorite resources maybe you'll be interested in them too: ..* The Bread Bible -  Rose Levy Beranbaum.* The Bread Baker's Apprentice - Peter Reinhart.* Artisan Breads Everyday - Peter Reinhart..Also Alton Brown has some really great and different recipes for rolls on his website. I recently got hooked on The Great British Bake-Off and there were a lot of good breads on that show too. BBC puts up the recipes here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/programmes/b013pqnm
i'm happy for you! :) congratulations
Congratulations!! I'm really happy for you. :)..
You serve as a inspiration for a lot of us!..Congrats for your year!
no knead???? There is definitely knead for that! 
Thanks for posting :) and congratulations on your year!
I love bread! I'm going to try making some too. Congratulations on one year I'll be there myself one day!!
Mmm home-made bread!  Bring that on over to the Dino den!  I have sent you an invite congrats on one year. That's awesome!!!
So happy for you. I hope to achieve this too. 
[deleted]
Congratulations! What a milestone. Thanks for sharing!
Congratulations!..I love no-knead breads. [Here's one of my favorites](http://ruhlman.com/2011/02/no-knead-bread-a-converts-story/) a nice all-around bread.
Fantastic news!! Happy soberversary!! It's great to hear you have turned your hand to baking!! Here's to waking up clear headed!! Good on you tallwindycitychick :)
Well done on your first year! When I started making bread I found "The bread baker's apprentice" to be a very good ressource. A good use of fermentation indeed!
