-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ahmxw/two_days_in/

So I've been struggling with drinking for the last 4 or so years. In 2014 I managed a whole year sober in the rooms. It was like I was waiting for the 365th day because I've been relapsing ever since.  (Not entirely true. I did manage the odd week / month of white knuckling). So I'm lying in bed trying to remember that it gets better. ..Seems like a great community. Be nice to get to know you all X 
----------immediate responses--------

The magic will happen again for you. Keep coming back one day at a time. It's slow-breity. Loving-kindness to you.
Way to go for a year! You can get that again. Welcome.
Wow I can't even imagine a year right now.  Trying to think about it brings up kind of strange feelings.  I'm new to the community but I can already tell they are awesome gals and guys!  Have you found the daily check-in yet?  I find it a great way to start my morning off; I get a cup of coffee and tell all of these people I won't be drinking today so how could I let them down? :P
One thing that helped me was getting a sobriety badge on this sub. Honestly every morning I wake up and see the number increase by one and at about 9pm when I get the worst of the cravings I tell myself let me go to sleep and my number will increase by one more. Its like gaining xp in an MMO :F 
I gave AA my first try many moons ago. Strung together a little time. ...Then went back out for 7 years.  ...When returned to AA.  I chose a different home group.  (1st one was above the bus station and full of homeless folks and desperately ill people. I got a lot out of it.   But it was a sad and scary meeting). ..My new group was full of happy sober people.  I followed the advice I received. Got a sponsor etc.   This time it stuck.  ...You have a year.   You probably drank to celebrate your good work getting healthy.  ...You know what you have to do. ...I'm rooting for you friend.  
Unless they tell me to do 90 in 90. I just can't manage that 
