-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ao62c/decided_to_make_a_change_some_thoughts_after_week/

I apologize in advance for the long sort-of rambling post  I had a lot going on in my head and I personally find that getting my thoughts in writing really helps organize my brain a bit...First and foremost: tomorrow marks one whole week of sobriety! I know it's only a week but hey  we all have to start somewhere right? At any rate I'm pretty damn proud of myself for doing it...I won't bore you with too many details but the Cliff Notes version of my situation goes a little like this:..I didn't start out as a heavy drinker. I went to some parties/bar events in college but beyond that I didn't drink that much and was content with 2-3 beers once or twice a week. Things started going downhill when I lost my first job. I started drinking heavily and I got away with being drunk way too often because I lived by myself and could hide it more easily from friends and family. I got another job fairly quickly but the drinking didn't stop. I went from a couple of drinks several nights a week to a bottle of wine or a six-pack of beer almost every single night. It got to the point where I'd purposely build drinking time into my activities and get extremely anxious if I didn't have enough alcohol lying around to get drunk (or at least really buzzed)...More than once my fianc e had brought up concerns about my drinking. I always thought that I had it under control that I could moderate myself. I apologized said I'd get myself together  but never really did. Things kind of came to a head recently when I lied about drinking on one particular night and she found out. I had actually been concerned about myself for a while but that incident was the impetus for changing and I made the decision there that something had to give...For a while I was extremely jealous of  normal  people that could go about life without alcohol running the show. I was thinking about it and I realized something  I could be one of those people if I put in the work. So here I am  nearly a week down and looking forward to the next dry one...It's only been a week but I've already noticed a few things:..- I feel better physically. I'm not waking up with raging hangovers fighting headaches and upset stomachs while I try and operate on a few hours of shitty sleep. .- I feel better mentally. My head feels clearer and I don't feel like I'm struggling to put two and two together on simple tasks all day..- I feel more emotionally stable. Because I'm not hungover I'm a little more level-headed and able to respond appropriately to the normal bullshit of everyday life. I'm also able to have more productive conversations with my fianc e where I'm not snapping at her or misinterpreting what she said. I'm able to be more introspective and rational and realize when I've screwed up or when I have a valid opinion that I need to articulate..- My libido is definitely suffering. I know this probably a result of a  rewiring  process that my brain is going through but it's not great for my fianc e because I'm not providing her with the sexual intimacy that she needs..- It's a little hard to take things day by day when future events (a friend's bachelor party a wedding my own wedding/bachelor party) are looming and I know it's going to be an uncomfortable and difficult situation..- Last but not least I feel more like  me. I have my old sense of humor back. I'm kinder to my dog and my fianc e. I'm starting to become interested in things that I put off before...Thanks for listening. Here's to another sober day!
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck to you!  I am just over week 1 and I will stay sober with you today!
Kudos for one week /u/dustoma! Thank you for your positive post. 
Great post. I do have to say in terms of relationships (in my case my wife) the real turning point or crisis moment was the hiding aspects - which I was doing - stashing bottles in the basement and popping down for drinks. She even indicated that it was OK if I guzzled drinks but it had to be out in the open. Secrecy was a serious problem for her and I totally get it. Her feelings on this was a big factor in realizing my problem..Stay strong - it gets better and better - including your relationship
Welcome! I'm experiencing a lot of the same things as you 3 weeks in. I'm hoping my sex drive will come back... Someday   But everything else sounds pretty positive!
