-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4azjyt/feeling_alone/

Hey all.  I know I've been in here a few times but I relapsed again and I was too ashamed to come back.  My depression has gotten work (working on finding a counselor) but right now my brain keeps thinking "I just want a drink without feeling nauseous" or "I want to sit on my porch have a cigarette that doesn't make me gag"  and "I just want my 'life' back" I know all these thoughts are the disease talking but I just can't get them to go away.  I'm nauseous all the time and can't keep anything down.  People suggest go on a walk or read a book or watch a tv show but all I want to do is hide in my bed and my thoughts just eat away at me.  I'm sorry guys I just really needed to vent.  None of my friends really understands what I'm going through at least haven't told me.  Trying to make a change so bad.  But even when I get through the worst of it I'm afraid I will go back to my old ways.  I think I'm just scared of change and I just don't want to have to deal with the fact that I've lost any sort of care about my well being.  I'm going to try to go to a meeting today if I can stop throwing up.  Thanks for listening to me vent guys.  I appreciate this is place so much.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. I'm sorry you're having a rough time. Have you thought about talking with a doctor about detox?  Perhaps medication would make it safer and easier but you have to be completely honest about how much you are drinking. ..It sounds like you could use more support. I got a counselor went to treatment and got involved in a peer group. Going to meetings gave me hope and encouragement. It is wonderful being in a room with people who understand. AA saved my life and taught me how to have a sober happy life. ....
You sound like me last Friday. Lonely depressed and wishing I were dead. I came here with a question and someone suggested that AA might help. I have resisted going for more than 15 years but I was hopeless and had no where else to go and no one else to turn to. I attended my first meeting ever and have been to several every day since. It has been miraculous experience. All of my unhealthy obsessions including my addiction to alcohol have been lifted. Beyond this amazing release I am no longer lonely although I am still alone. Many more positive things have happened since. It is working for me so far and I hope that you find the relief I have. It might be worth smoking and talking with a bunch of other drunks who will listen and understand where you are coming from. Why not?
Please don't listen to those internal voices that make you feel ashamed.  You're not perfect no one is and dealing with alcoholism isn't easy....even if we know what we "should" do.  I'm glad that you shared this and I'm happy you're back.  ..Don't worry so much about getting that old life back - it'll happen in time.  Right now just relax and focus on your immediate needs today right now.  Drink plenty of water get plenty of sleep eat healthy foods and give yourself some time to clear out the alcohol...I found real relief from the obsession when I started working the steps with a sponsor and a HUGE part of that came after Step 5 so hang in there.  It does get better and you don't have to do it alone.
I understand how you feel and it sucks. I am so sorry you're struggling physically and mentally. Today may be hard but it does get better I promise. The voice of shame is a LIE a complete fucking LIE. Yeah even the smartest brains can't help but tell you things that just aren't true. You are worth the world worth the effort ti takes to breathe and definitely worth all of our time here :). Praying for you.
Never feel ashamed to come here. ..We all failed many more times than we succeeded. ...Good thing is you only have to succeed once.  .If the vomiting continues please see a dr will you?
Good job keep staying strong! Just remember soon you'll be looking back on this as a bad memory and the first testimate to your strength in sobriety. Remember you dont have to do it alone theres meetings and this board. I lost my mind in rehab with depression and feeling alone and things are still hard sometimes but I'm on the other side of the big hurdle and you'll get there too. Just...time.. 
