-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b0jpo/one_day_in/

I posted yesterday and managed to get through my first day without a drink.  I feel like I cheated though because I had medication from my doctor that I took to get to sleep.  I also took some in the afternoon because I was feeling shitty and didn't want to spend the whole afternoon craving a drink.  I'm sorry if I am breaking any sub rules by talking about this.  These are prescribed medication that I am meant to take as PRN's (i.e as needed) but I still feel like I am cheating myself and not being strong.  ..Does anyone else have some advice on how they cope with not being able to get to sleep without a drink?  I don't want to take the medication I have because they are addictive and I don't want to just jump from one addiction to another which is what I feel like I've been doing since I was in my teens.  ..Either way I'm sick and tired of waking up and feeling like the first half of my day is wasted trying to get over the hangover feeling whether from alcohol or medication. ..I want to be able to talk to my doctor about this but I'm a bit scared.  I know she is the type of psychiatrist who believes more in the benefit of talking therapy rather than over-medicating and has "dropped" patients she felt were only interested in quick fixes through drugs but she doesn't really talk about relaxation or other techniques.  I find it really hard to shut my brain up when I go try to go to sleep and alcohol has always been best way to achieve that. Is this anything else that people here struggle with? I feel like I shouldn't be here and instead be over in /r/depression but for me I feel like the 2 issues go hand in hand...Anyway if you read this thank-you
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think it is "cheating" to take medication that is prescribed. It would be wise to talk to your doctor however and be honest about your drinking. It is difficult to treat you without knowing the truth. It is normal to have trouble sleeping when we stop drinking. I did but it goes away in time. Thanks for your post. Stay in touch. I'm glad you're here. 
This has been a factor in why I drank as long as I did. On the occasions where I didn't drink for a night I'd find it impossible to get to sleep. I eventually realised that I'd exchange a restless night for the feeling of waking up with no hangover no pains and a clear head..
I used to have the same problem - drinking to sleep. My doctor prescribed the antidepressant Trazadone. It's a low dose. I benefit from the side effect: drowsiness. I take that nightly w 400 - 600 mg of magnesium. Works for me. 
Yes I had the WORST insomnia the first 2 weeks of being sober. I think it's very common. I had to drink chamomile tea and/or take melatonin pills to get to sleep. Now I'm at almost 30 days and I don't have to rely on them so much. .It's like in the first 14 days after you stop drinking your brain has to get used to doing things by itself instead of relying on alcohol to put you to sleep relax you etc. it's hard but it does get better. .Melatonin pills are pretty cool - melatonin is the chemical your brain produces that makes you sleepy. It's totally natural and not addictive as far as I know. You can find them with the other vitamins at the grocery store.
