-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b0vwh/123_days_sober_and_a_321_countdown_to_a_relapse/

Celebrating my 123 days of sobriety today and now I want my 5 minutes of fame. Give it to me!! ..I'm feeling great but holy shit I'm too lazy to search for professional help! My SO is urging me to find a therapist as I'm *usually* relapsing during spring/summer time but I cannot motivate myself! And you know what? I'm already planning a trip without her so I can get drunk all by myself. What the heck?..My life now is: job career working out taking care of my family and SO repeat. I really need some *me time* and a way to relax but again... I'm too lazy and too comfortable to try something new! On top of that I hate social interactions. It's a mess... but phsyically I'm doing great!
----------immediate responses--------

So you are saying your commitment to sobriety is minimal. Or it could be depression not "laziness".
I'm not sure I'm the "right" person to offer you advice.... Since I keep resetting my badge.... But... Here it goes:  I totally get it!  I think most of us here do.... We all feel the same urge to reward ourselves for""taking care of business" ...l and then feel so very bad for "failing" and returning to drinking
Hahaha - sounds like me. I can weather the winter months. The weather where I live is beautiful right now. Spring is in the air I can hear the birds chirp. The air smells like spring and my mouth is watering for a beer. I can feel my "beast" wanting a drink - he has been working me hard all week convincing me its okay to have a couple beers. I have survived all week and each morning I am thankful I didn't let the beast have its drink. I also planned a fun trip - day dreaming about beer on the beach - it's just the beast thinking for me. ..This will pass. And if I can make it I'll be happy in the morning that I won the battle over the beast...Hang in there. 
I was almost a year off the booze when my mother surprised me with a plane ticket home to the UK.  ...My wife offered to watch the kids and all of a sudden I realized that no one back in the UK knew I had stopped drinking.  ..I could plan a drunken solo trip to the land of beer.  And just quit again when I returned....Just the thought got my pulse racing.  ...Thankfully I remembered that I'd been trying to quit for 10 years.  I played the tape all the way through in my mind.  ..I imagined frantically slamming drinks on the return flight. Turning up drunk in front of the wife and kids.  Trying to hide it. ...I imagined how crushingly depressed I'd be the morning after I arrived home.  Missing my family missing my friends.  Owning up to my sponsor and AA group.  Resetting my badge here.  ...And I realized that I didn't have the strength to go through with it.  ...I called my sponsor and told him what I was planning.  I called each of my old friends in the UK and told them I was alcoholic and would not be drinking when I saw them. ...Immediately the weight was lifted.  And I had a awesome trip.  ...I'm glad you told us of your plan to relapse.  I hope you don't go through with it.  ....
Plugging away at it still eh yhelothere? What happened over the course of the last few years? Didn't you get to a year at one point awhile back? What happened? 
&gt;I'm feeling great ..I wouldn't take this for granted. I can guarantee if you start drinking again this feeling will go away...I've been around this forum long enough to notice that around 100 days some people start questioning their decision to stop drinking or lose motivation. Its normal. There isn't anything wrong with you. You just have to hang in there a bit longer. You will get your second wind if you don't drink believe me. You don't need alcohol to relax or take a break. So many much better things you can do if you think about it...Good luck..
my life a couple months ago was drinking being poor and ruining any any type of relationships encountered oh and the boredom was my excuse for drinking.  Man now that im sober people are starting to trust in me I got a job and responsibilities and a few bucks in the bank...You might just need AA if your to lazy to get professional help listening to other peoples life experiences really helps out in my sobriety it also helps more then that to just be around like minded people living day to day life. I get social anxiety I guess the term is so I force myself into public daily so that hopefully I can overcome my fears its not easy but it is easier.  
alcohol humbled me -so I quit for good...
Now is the time  I would add something to my toolbox. Nothing to it but to do it! I think adding therapy might be helpful I know it was for me. Is there something besides laziness holding you back? I began to think of my 45 minute weekly sessions as a certain type of me time that ended up being really crucial to my recovery. Wishing you well!
