-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b4xjh/new_to_sd_and_just_wanted_to_share_38_days_sober/

Hi all- I have been lurking for the past week or so and decided I want to share my story.  ..I know depression and alcoholism often go hand in hand and can be a chicken-or-the-egg phenomenon after a long period of time. I  decided to seek help for my depression at the start of the year. I saw both a therapist and psychiatrist for medication. They both encouraged me to stop drinking especially so that the anti-depressant I was prescribed would fully work. I wrote them off convincing myself that because of my age and functioning in my life my drinking was within the range of normalcy- not during the day not even every day no withdrawals etc- So I kept drinking and I wasn't getting better... and sure enough one night I found myself writing a suicide note and driving to my city's bridge to jump. Thankfully I didn't and the next morning I made the wise decision to check myself into a psychiatric hospital. Strangely it was a great 4 days and initiated my sobriety.  ..Fast forward 38 days and I am feeling very good. No my problems are not suddenly gone and I will be in weekly therapy for some time. But alcohol was causing a slew of problems on top of already existing ones; now what is left are my true emotional struggles that I can experience and work on with a clear head. Thankfully I have not had any thoughts of suicide since.    ..I hope others struggling with mental health issues might relate or find this helpful. Please seek help if you have not already done so as it truly can alter your life. Lastly thank you all for being so supportive and inspiring on this sub! I'm going to continue checking it every day :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thank you for posting. 
This is really great to read I'm glad that you are feeling better. Depression is the pits.  I had the same experience - although I still get depressed it's much much easier to deal with happens less frequently and doesn't last as long. It was shocking to me at first - I didn't realise I could live life without that big black cloud!  Thanks for the positive message keep on keeping on!
Kudos for 38 days! So glad you got help and that you're here. 
So glad you are feeling better and kudos on the 38 days.
Thanks for your post.  I can relate and your description is right on.  The alcohol made everything worse.   Congrats on 38 days!
Congrats glad you are feeling better. I too have found relief from my depression since I quit drinking though I know I still have it. My feelings are just so much more manageable sober and like you alcohol was leading to suicidal thoughts. No longer :) good luck to you!
Congrats! It's day 38 for me too!
Hey we are on our way. I am working a program of daily check in here read Allen Carr working out and playing the tape forward since my last relapse..plus this sober living is getting me high enough.  Keep it up very happy for you and pulling for your continued success.
Nice work! I am interested in your comment on depression and drinking being chicken and egg. Seems to be so and not easy to unravel. I have started to wonder what emotions etc I might have been masking all these years. I thought my down days were post-drinking and I am sure that drinking made them worse. But I still have some down days. Is it PAWS? Is it actual depression that I was masking? How far back does it go? Rhetorical questions but interested in comments and insights 
