-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b7j3p/need_some_help_sticking_to_it_in_midcrisis/

.  So I've been drinking for years but it has been getting heavier over the last few years. My husband and I went from drinks a couple of times a week to drinks every night a bottle of vodka between two of us. I realized it was getting bad and started to make a real effort to quit. .. About 2 weeks ago after 10 days sober my husband bought a bottle and started drinking. I had a few shots he had the rest and then for the first time in 8 years lost his mind. I tried to turn his speaker down so the music wouldn't bother the neighbours and he grabbed me and threw me to the ground and smashed my new phone while holding me. I struggled away and clocked him with an empty mug. Long story short we both ended up at the police station for the first time in our lives and he ended up with an assault charge for grabbing me. Now there's a peace bond that we can't have any contact and he is staying with him mother until his court date the first week of April... I feel like I'm losing my mind. I work just a few days a week and have been sitting in our empty house the rest of the time. I have been fighting the urge to get pissed because I know it will lead to bad dark things right now but it's getting harder and harder. I don't know how I'm going to eat next month (my pay will barely cover the rent) and I don't know what's going on if he's going to come back etc. .. I've been getting through but after this monday I have 7 days off in a row due to a weird schedule and the holiday and I don't know how I'm going to handle it. I've got zero supports my family all lives over 1000 miles away and I have no friends here. I'm terrified that I'm going to give in and drink I can taste it right now and I'd love the oblivion but it's a very bad idea. Can anyone please give me some ideas to get through? Everything I do (even playing video games my favorite relaxation is tough since I can see his characters online but can't speak to him.) I have no transportation and no money. I'm just lost and scared...TLDR: Had a drunken altercation w husband that ended w him facing charges and on a no-contact order. Eleven day sober since facing spending a week alone and don't know how I can.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so so sorry you've endured all that. But it can end now and you know it. A week ago I'd have been the last person to suggest attending a meeting but I just went to my first last night and it was an amazing open friendly environment where I felt safe and welcomed. I didn't even share because I was crying the whole time. But they're all there for the same reason. And they understand your mindset and they can help you - every woman there came over and hugged me and welcomed me and gave me their number encouraging me to call or text anytime. A couple of them even checked in on me that night...I found I get through the days okay but the nights are hardest. I get lonely and the urge to drown my thoughts and feelings and binge is overwhelmingly strong. And I live alone half the time so it's really hard to keep myself accountable to well myself. I've been in a domestic situation like yours that got uglier because of drinking. And even though I've since separated I've still got this vice. It won't magically go away and every day will be a battle for us but it'll get easier. Find people who can help you stay true to you. You've posted here and that's great. Keep being honest and keep trying. And utilize anybody you can who supports you not succumbing again whether you meet new good understanding folk from meetings or open up to those who love you...Good luck!
I'm able to "stick to it" by doing the [Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and remembering that no matter how challenging any single day is I am going to go to bed sober.
This sounds awful.  I am so sorry about everything that is happening right now.  I'm glad you reached out to us I have found this group to be the greatest resource.  There is an IRC chat that is live all the time on this forum see the group's sidebar to get to that.  There are always folks in there ready to chat in real time with you also.
First of all I am so sorry for what you're gong through and I know it must be incredibly hard for you right now not to drink because all you want is oblivion. I don't blame you for that. But I have finally realized something that I'm trying to keep in the forefront of my brain; drinking or using drugs doesn't take away pain it just postpones the pain until later and then by that time we've also accrued interest on that pain like a high-interest loan. So I can suffer now or suffer later and later will be WORSE because then I'll also have to deal with the guilt and bad physical/mental consequences of the way that I chose to put off dealing with the pain. But there's no actual way to make the pain go away except by experiencing it. I know it sucks...I would second the meeting suggestion. And also I want to say not to be discouraged if you go to your first meeting and you don't really like it. Just try another one. I had a great experience at my first meeting but sometimes different groups have a different vibe from each other and it's worth shopping around. Please don't write off AA if your first meeting makes you feel uncomfortable. And let us know how it went! I think SD can be your main support in the next week [try the chat](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b7j3p/need_some_help_sticking_to_it_in_midcrisis/) if you find yourself really wanting to drink.
I am so sorry for all you're going through. Everyone has given you great advice. I would also add that with 7 days to fill and so much on your mind it will be very tough. The thing that works best for me is to keep busy. Do something for other people-go down to tone local animal shelter and spend the afternoon helping out call Mobile Loaves and Fishes and help handout food to the homeless. Sometimes the perspective of other people's situation helps me with mine. Or as I've read many times the best way to forget about your troubles is to help someone else with theirs...Good luck to you-
Ouch. Tough times my friend. When I'm off work I read about addiction. Memoirs self help books....I know you feel alone but you are not. 
