-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bbqj9/things_were_looking_up_until_i_left_a_meeting/

I've been having a rough time lately. A few months ago I slipped just after completing two months--my longest happiest run yet--because of some family crap and then because I just didn't want to stay sober for more than a few days at a time. After that slip up I tried to get back on track but something was stopping me. I only recently figured out that it was the guilt of slipping the grief of losing my sober date that was keeping me from moving forward. Now I'm ready to deal with it and move on...The first thing I did was get back in touch with my sponsor after over a month of radio silence. That felt good. She was understanding and I think we're meeting for coffee very soon to discuss things. I think I'm looking forward to it. The second thing I did was go back to my favorite meeting. I hadn't been to that one in a long time because my work schedule never allowed it until yesterday. I was looking forward to it because it's a smaller meeting and the people there are down to earth and even more supportive than other meetings I've been to. When it got to be my turn I shared a broad overview of how I've been struggling and feeling lost. I realized as I was speaking that I had forgotten the meaning of One Day at a Time and I mentioned it. The next two men got pretty preachy and said some things that made me feel really bad about the whole thing and regret that I'd chosen to share at all. I made it through the rest of the meeting without crying but only barely. And when I got home I threw myself onto my bed sobbing. I don't think I'll be going back to that meeting and I'm having a hard time talking myself into going to any despite knowing I need to...I hope talking with my sponsor will help but I feel like total shit after that meeting and am afraid to open up again. I've never left a meeting in anything less than a content mood before. But hey at least I'm not drinking over it. I suppose that's progress!
----------immediate responses--------

That makes me very sad to hear. That is the last thing that should happen at a meeting in my opinion. I guess I have feared that in the past and so don't open up as much as I should. My sponsor is great though and we found some other meetings.
Keep talking to us - we're great supportive anonymous and you can cry as much as you like.  ..I relapsed and relapsed until I realized that every single person on this site found stopping just as difficult.  One thing that really stayed on my mind was something I was told at a conference.  A woman was not invited to her son's wedding because of her alcohol problem.  I was completely stunned because there she was beautifully dressed and spoken and sober for many years now.  I realized that could be me when the time comes.  So when I need some strength I think about that...Congratulations on completing 2 months - that is huge!    
I'm so sorry that you had that experience. I attend AA and have found it an absolute game-changer in me staying sober long-term. With that being said AA represents the full spectrum of humanity - jerks included. Most people in AA will welcome you back with open arms and increased support. A few self-righteous know-it-alls will use it as an opportunity to demonstrate their "superiority". I hope you will be able to look past the jerk-faces and see all the people who are just there to support each other in staying sober. It's most of us!! :) 
[removed]
Yeah that's keeping me from going to AA opening your heart out and some stranger got preachy and give a lecture with a Holier than Thou attitude. Big turn off.
Reading your post made my heart sink. I hope it doesn't deter you from all meetings. Hang in there and keep posting here!
[deleted]
That's  called cross talk. Many AA members don't even know what it neans. It's  when you comment in any way on someone elses share. The  only way to avoid it is either call them out tell the secretary after the meeting or find another meeting. Crosstalk really pisses me off. 
Just keep coming back 
Thanks everyone for the kind words. They mean a lot. I think I'll keep going to meetings because I know I need to. But I'm going to be passing without speaking for the next few. That's a shame but I think my quiet sobriety is worth more than risking this happening again and possibly leading me to drink at least while I'm still feeling this vulnerable...And I'll definitely stick around here! You all are wonderful folks and such a kind caring community. Thank you again!
