-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bg5fe/cant_imagine_life_sober/

Hello everybody..While there are a lot of thoughtful and inspirational posts around here I feel a need to make a post of my own and ask for advice..I'am 23 years old and I have been drinking for about 6-7 years. First it was weekly then bi-weekly... Right now there are more days that I am high or drunk than not. Once I was on a 14 day hard bender. The nightmares the shaking and everything else was out of this world. And the funny part is that on day 9 I was laying in bed at 5 pm and talking gibberish about suicide. AND I STILL DRANK FOR FIVE MORE DAYS. I did stupid shit when I was drunk I alienated people I lost relationships. ..But on the other hand there is a part of me that can't even imagine life without substance abuse. Thats is what I do what I am. I drink. I party. I do stupid shit. I regret it. But even if it makes me feel bad I am just so used to it like I said I just can't imagine life without alcohol. It feels like it is who I am...I knew I had a problem for a while now but this morining while lying in bed my mind wandered and I started thinking about Easter holiday and how I will go party for 3 or four nights in a row and after coming back from parents keep going at it for few more days. After that of course - more drinking just not so heavily. That was the point I knew I have to get help...I can see now how dumb these thoughts look when written but man oh man if I don't drink I just feel so lonely. I have so many excuses why I should continue this - how would I meet new people? How would I find a girl to love? But since I really abusing alcohol all the relationships I started turned to shit. I know my reasons are bogus on logical level. But well inside... It feels way different...I remember how I used to romatize alcoholism. The struggle the drama the creativity. Truth is the more I drink the less I write. BUT AGAIN. I only understand that these are false beliefs on a logical level not in my heart...Last few months I have cut my drinking by around a half. I started working great again. Of course I have thoughts about quiting alltogether - but it just feels so unrealistic out of this world. Impossible...Lately I have been reading a lot about shame and identity it made me much happier. But even after I have improved on a lot of levels - and managed to show much greater compassion and empathy to others (it is the opinion of others not mine) and finally started to manage creating better relationships I STILL can't imagine life without alcohol...I think I can manage to somehow reach a point where I can drink few drinks on weekends and that would be it but probably it is not really possible. ..I guess I don't really know what I wanted to ask. It is more of a vent but I would be glad to hear what anybody has to say...I know I have to manage this addiction if I want to live a fullfiling life in which I can accomplish my goals and have healthy relationships. But sober life somehow still frightens me more than one doomed to fail.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't imagine life without alcohol. Don't imagine anything just try one day without it. Then try another. then keep going. Don't worry about long term goals right now just worry about the NOW. The fact that you took the time to post in here and are thinking about it means that somewhere inside you know you *want* to change. Maybe someday you will look back and say you can't imagine life again *with* alcohol.
I couldn't imagine it either - and I presumed being sober would suck. But I knew that I was stuck and needed to change alcohol was costing me too much across all aspects of my life. I cane to see my web of excuses lies denial. The withdrawals sucked and the transition was tough at times - learning to resist urges learning to cope sober. ..I remember at 4 month sober how good it felt to have discovered that I could live sober and that living sober was becoming normal for me. At that stage I put down my hopes of moderating one day - I know when alcohol is in the picture I drink at harmful levels and put it first in my life I know no amount of sober time will fix that. I set about actively working on building and living my sober life and whilst it's not perfect not without challenge it's so precious to me so much better than I ever could have imagined. For me being sober got easier and living sober got better with time; my life comes first now!
You could try just take a break from it.  See how it feels. Alcohol isn't going to go away if you take a break. 
I can tell you for me once I got a few clean days under my belt and got past the first weekend the new normal became easier. I felt a sense of accomplishment and the knowledge that I was doing the correct thing for my life. I can honestly let you know that once i got past the rough spot in the beginning I feel more whole now then I ever did when I was drinking every day. Good luck and hang in there. .
I thought I couldn't stop drinking.  I could not imagine "Forever"!!..Then with support I realized it's NOT forever.  It's Just One Day...Today I won't drink.  Piece of Cake.  My work improves my mind is clear my creativity surges I'm open to all the world and the new and different thoughts and images that occur.  If I was drinking I'd be numb to them.  I couldn't perceive and experience the richness; I couldn't see the tableau that unfolds.  I'd just want to isolate more and more.  ..Just for Today I Don't Drink with You!
I eventually managed to figure out that alcohol isn't that great. It's not essential to life and actually only makes it worse in my case. It took me some time to come to this conclusion. It's all about the benefits vs the costs. I realized that alcohol had very little net benefit for me. ..Try stopping and think about it. Give yourself some time to adapt.
