-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bl114/youre_amazing/

I'm sorry if this isn't appropriate to post-- I'm new to Reddit forgive me...My best friend who's on this sub (I don't want to embarrass her so I won't use her name) just passed a huge milestone with her sobriety and it absolutely blows me away how much strength and courage it took for her to overcome her alcoholism. I'm completely and totally in awe of the raw determination and power that she has inside her and that she used to beat her addiction once and for all. The medicine she's on helped and so did the support network that you guys provided her but in the end she quit mostly because of her sheer power of will. (I'm not pushing some "you can get over it just use the power of your mind!" bullshit-- I'm referring to her determination which frankly astounds me. This woman quit alcohol cold turkey in two days can you believe that?)..I would never embarrass her by talking about her past alcohol issues with other people I know but every time I remember what she's been through and how much it took for her to get this far I just want to tell someone about her and what a warrior she is and how lucky I am to have her in my life. So here I am bragging to people who I know will understand. Everyone: my best friend is a warrior. A significant amount of time ago she took something that had tormented her for years grabbed it by the horns and fought it with everything she had and she won because she's the most powerful woman I've ever known. I know I'm gushing about her but if anyone deserves it she does. She's a bit older than I am and very similar to me and she's dealt with a lot of the obstacles that I'm struggling with now. If I had never met my friend I might have dealt with my problems by drinking. But now that I've heard her story and been with her through the rehab process I've decided never to drink. [Friend you know who you are]: you are an inspiration a force of nature a victor. You deserve a happy and wonderful life because God knows you've earned it...Thank you stopdrinking for helping my best friend turn her life around..(again sorry if this is awkward)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;(again sorry if this is awkward)..Awkward is good. Awkward is growth. ..:)
Wow what a powerful tribute from a great friend. I am blown away by the both of you. 
I'm sure having such a good supportive friend as yourself was also a significant factor. Well done to you too! 
Beautiful.
You're a great friend! You're lucky to have each other.
Very nice!
Not awkward at all.  I love it.  We had a stranger in our AA meeting the other day who was an out of town family member of an alcoholic not one herself ( open meeting ).  She thanked us so weird and said nice things like you did.  It honestly really really helps.  Sometimes it feels like it's just us drunks by ourselves.  Knowing that our sobriety is affecting people positively instead of our alcoholism doing the reverse can be very encouraging.  Ultimately we have to do it for ourselves which is why I personally haven't told a soul (just how I need to play it right now).  I know for a fact that I have friends and family that would respond just like you and it makes me smile.  Thank you for your kind words and your amazing respect and support of your friend.
Very thoughtful - your best friend is lucky to have such support! You're -both- amazing.
This is beautiful. (there's something in my eye.)
We could all use a friend like you!
That is very sweet and touching! She is lucky to have you as a friend too! I am sure she appreciates your message! I will join you .**Congratulations OPs friend!**..&lt;sniff&gt; damn allergies! 
This is great. Thank you so much for posting. It's good to know that the ripples of our struggles reach out and touch others for good.
Your tribute is wonderful and your friend is lucky to have you in her corner...&gt;But now that I've heard her story and been with her through the rehab process I've decided never to drink. ..And you've got your own victory (one day at a time) to celebrate.
This is so touching.  [Insert Reddit-y joke about onions here.]..What a good friend you are and I'm proud of your friend too!
