-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bmfe4/feeling_more_relapse_proofthoughts/

I've been trying to quit for 5 months. At first I focused on 30 days but was wondering the whole time if I would ever be able to drink again. So after that it's been on and off since then. Several weeks ago my sponsor told me I seem to be on the fence about quitting.  Now I have 7 days (I can't seem to fix my accout I joined here the night after I quit drinking). I had an "aha" moment and just feel good about letting all go. I finally realized alcohol is (for some) just as destructive as heroine or meth and can take everything away from you. I don't know why that never occurred to me in my own drinking. When I get bored or restless I just go exercise and I feel great! I haven't even had any cravings yet. I'm ready to stop my shame spiral and be healthy happy and positive for myself and others. I don't fear relapse (anywhere near as much) or believe I am destined to it like I did before. I will still be on the lookout of course. My spouse needs to see more consistent long term time and I get that. Just wondering if anyone who's quit successfully felt/feels the same way? Spousal support is not exactly there right now and I could use some encouragementioned along with your opinions.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello /u/fedupafrn and kudos for seven days! Relapse won't happen if I don't take the first drink. ..As for spousal support she is not a resource to count on because she is may understandably be waiting for the other shoe to fall. We have no idea what our loved ones go through when we are drinking. She has probably felt embarrassed scared angry lonely sad hopeless abandoned and overwhelmed. Once trust is broken it can take a long time to rebuild. The best thing you can do is stay sober. She is undoubtedly scared you are going to drink again and given your history who can blame her? Do not be defensive and be transparent about where you are and what you are doing. ..You might let her know that Alanon is a support group for friends and family. See /r/Alanon. She needs support every bit as much as you do. I'm glad to hear you have a sponsor. ..Thanks for your post. Stay in touch.
It was only thru a good measure of sustained sobriety that my wife stopped feeling anxious and resentful.
Congrats on 7 days sober!..I shifted a lot of my thoughts about drinking - I had been telling myself so many lies and had a blindspot when it came to alcohol. ..When my alcoholic voice springs negative self-talk on me I either ignore it or dispute its irrationality replacing it with more constructive rational thinking. I refuse to believe relapse is inevitable instead I choose to believe that relapse is avoidable and set about doing what I can to ensure I don't take that first drink...I didn't rely much on spousal support I just let my sober time build and start speaking for itself. My main support came from reading all the shared experiences here.
Thank you all for your wisdom there's definitely a common theme here in giving it time. I'm lonely though. Tbh
I do notice sometimes I start wondering about man never having a beer again.  Thinking about a future wedding etc.  I had always based so many things around booze that it was always just a part of it...The last time I tried to stay sober 7 months I wasn't convinced I had to cut it out completely.  I tricked myself into thinking I was just taking time off that I'd get my head on straight and somehow "moderation' would come naturally...It felt like it did at first but then as it always does I got out of control got myself into some serious trouble again...I'm at 8 days and I felt the aha moment yesterday too.  I've seen my cycle happen about three times now with the stupid things I've told myself and I too am ready to stop my shame jail and career ruining spiral...Good luck to you!  Right there with ya.
