-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bpsml/my_brain_tried_every_trick_in_the_book_to/

So here it is the middle of the week and I've been doing quite well... Staying focused on my daily Tao meditations eating healthy drinking water and basically just trying to purify my body as step one in this process. Of course because I'm doing well my brain says "you deserve a drink!" And I resisted the thought but it just kept nagging me "you'll feel relaxed happy and you'll sleep like a rock." So I decided to engage the thought rather than hide from it so I took inventory of things I'd gain vs. things I'd lose. Temptation didn't have a chance against the facts! The losses are more compelling so I'll stick with those since the gains are mostly boring domestic things. ..**Losses**..I will lose the embarrassingly Drunken texts to ex girlfriends friends coworkers with blatantly drunken rambling; I will lose the chance to waste money on booze and drunken internet shopping sprees; I will lose trying to hide my hangover in the morning and trying to hide my mental haze from colleagues; I will lose my progress in both my mental well being and my spiritual development; I will lose my renewed sense of wellness; I will lose the deep restful sleep I've been having; I will lose the promises I made to myself and my loved ones; I will lose the strength I've been building daily and the progress I've made; I will lose two or three days to guilt and shame for caving in after I've come to the awareness that I. Cannot. Drink. ..So many posts on here have been so inspirational and have helped me see quite clearly in myself that I do not have the capacity to have one or two. My drinking doesn't stop until I am blacked out. End of story. I don't like it and I don't want it. So for what it's worth all of your anonymous stories of struggles and stumbles and triumphs and insights into the alcoholic brain have helped me stay on the path of sobriety and for that I am indebted. ..Thank you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Playing the scenario through helps a lot. .For me remembering my first drunk and comparing it with my last few - Huge contrast!..
Congratulations on an excellent use of a tool to get past a craving. I also have found it useful to review the cost-benefits of drinking vs sobriety. 
Stay strong. In the end drinking will bring no gain that isn't achievable through some other means. I did 100 pushups earlier to distract myself. I may be sore in the morning but it will be a good sore not a "passed out on the couch again" sore or a hangover or worse. I believe in you. Your inventory was the right way to handle this.
Your list and username are both amazing. 10/10. 
This is a good way to deal with cravings and I can relate to everything you've put in your list. Picking up the first drink is much less appealing when I play the tape forward and realize how little satisfaction alcohol would bring compared to sobriety not to mention all the guilt and shame.
This has been my story for the past two months while I've been trying to stop. Quit for a week and a half then when the next weekend rolls around I feel proud of myself so I rationalize that I can reward myself with a beer or two and the next thing I know I've been drunk all weekend. Its not easy! Nice to know someone else is in the same boat. Just gotta focus on the negatives of drinking rather than the positives when those feelings come around! We can do this!
this is a very good method
Not to mention losing the opportunity to do some drive-by pooping. ..Well done. I like your math. 
Great post. Am making a list of my own and putting it in my wallet so I always have it also a copy in my phone!
weighing the pros and cons really really helped me. It makes it so obvious. When I had an impulse to drink I had to just accept it was just an impulse and not a logical conclusion. So I fought back by slowing down the decision process and really thinking about if I wanted that first sip of alcohol. It seemed so stupid to drink after I thought about it carefully...&gt;I've come to the awareness that I. Cannot. Drink. ..I cannot drink too. I used to think it was a curse but now I know it's probably one of the best gifts I've been given. It is a blessing to never have to drink again. The real curse was drinking. Now I have my freedom and my health and my confidence. Something drinking could never give me.
[deleted]
Truth. 'Playing the tape forward' as I've heard it called is something I'm finding myself getting better at doing too. The long term benefits of sobriety are far more rewarding than a short term fix. 
I'm keeping this and pinning it to my fridge
Thank you. Lately my brain has been coming up with all kinds of rationale for going on a binge. Your list of losses are my own. I will ignore the lies within my brain and reread your post when I feel weakened. We can do this 
Ego 0 man 1! ..Fuck that ego feed the soul.
I've been trying to do the same: document what happens when I drink. Somehow the negative aspects get forgotten. Well last time I wrote it down:..BECAUSE I DRANK YESTERDAY I..  Had about 1.5 hours of enjoyable reading time in the evening before drinking too much...  Spent the rest of the evening in a mental fog...  Had an unpleasant encounter with a drunk in a bar...  Ignored toothbrushing and other stuff before bedtime...  Couldn't sleep well had a nightmare...  Probably messed up my sleeping rhytm for the coming nights...  Upset my stomach and will probably have loose bowels for 1-2 days...  Disrupted my plan: probably won't have the energy to go to the gym today...  Won't be able to enjoy being sober (even if I am sober) for the coming 1-2 days because of the physical and mental hangover. That increases the risk of continuing drinking: not feeling good while hungover sober makes beer more attractive..  .  And spent about 30 bucks to achieve all of the above...
