-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bqjca/nights_are_hard_trying_to_hold_on/

Yeah...I actually had a great day. Feeling positive about lots of things. Excited about stuff.i have no reason to want to drink. But I can't stop thinking about it. So many times through out my day my mind wandered back to those lonely sleepless nights sipping straight from the bottle descending ever lower into oblivion. I craved it. And even beyond that fun social nights with friends having a good time dancing and talking or whatever feeling good and fueled by drink. Having a nice glass of wine at dinner with my family. Enjoying a beer tour or tasting fine quality whiskey or whatever the fuck...I can't get it out of my head. I can't drink anymore. I know this. But the idea of NEVER drinking again despite how necessary it is freaks me the fuck out and fills me with this overwhelming sadness and colossal grief. Letting go of so much. Coming to terms with what I've done...I missed AA last night. I won't be able to go again until next week because I'll be too busy. But I've filled my schedule with tons of activities and I'll be keeping busy to keep my mind off things. So there's that...It's getting late now and I'm confidant I'll make it another day. Tomorrow will be a week. The longest in a long time. And I'm sorry for this totally self serving post. I just had to get it out. And I really don't feel comfortable divulging this constant urge and struggle to anyone familiar with me. It's so so hard still to accept what I've done to myself. Who I am. Who I'll always be. Regardless of whether I ever drink again or not...I really really want to but I won't drink tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't feel bad for making a "totally self serving post" as I'm pretty sure that is what a lot of these are and that is what a lot of them need to be in order for this to work.  Outside of structured outlets like AA I'm not sure there is quite a solid community on the internet outside of reddit.  The people here are strong and supportive.  We welcome your posts and look forward to your next.  Thank you for sharing.
It's ok most the posts on here are just people talking about their own experiences and that's fine. We're all here to share our perspectives and help each other out. What I can say about my experience is that as more and more time has passed I miss all those little drinking events you speak of less and less. All that stuff was fun while I was drinking because I was getting drunk and I loved getting drunk. Simple as that. Now that I don't want to get drunk anymore I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. People who actually care about me know I just can't tag along to go out to a bunch of breweries or something like that and they respect that. We do other shit together. And the people I only did drinking things with? They all stopped being my friends. And that's made me see we weren't really friends in the first place. I was just an easily replaceable face amongst those with a habit I no longer choose to be apart of...The first month of not drinking I was dealing with all the thoughts you are most definitely. It's extremely hard to make a major lifestyle change. You have to address the issues that led to your drinking problem all the while having to deal with taking on a entirely new day to day life. Not an easy task. But it takes a strong person to make it through this and it will only make you a better stronger person on the other side. ..You are the strong person who can make it through this. Stick to not drinking day by day and watch as your life takes an amazing turn for the better all the way to the point you couldn't even imagine going back to your old lifestyle and all the events your currently hold dear. I know exactly how you feel right now but I hope you stick to it so you can become the amazing happy person you truly are that alcohol is holding you back from being. Good luck!
Great post.  I admire your honesty here. Thank you for sharing.  ..For me in early sobriety there was no such thing as too busy for a meeting.  Years later yes I have had many times where meetings have fallen to other responsibilities.  Not early on though.  ..Good luck!
Change the way you look at it. Walk tall because you don't drink. Not from a point of view that you are missing out on something. Revel in the strictness of it all the sacrifice draw energy from that. It's about changing the way we think. 
This is a great post - really sums up what I was feeling during the first week but stay strong and keep it going - one day at a time. Everyone is different but it really helped me to involve my family and close friends and let them know I am never drinking again. It is a big commitment no doubt but you can do it and your fears about it will change - perhaps not disappear but will evolve. Good luck - really rooting for you.
What time tonight do you think you'd be most at risk? Put something else to do in your calendar for that time.
I totally relate to this post.  For me from awakening until the evening is so great not drinking.  I don't even have an urge.  But come evening the idea of a drink looms large.  Just one glass of wine with dinner which I actually don't think I have ever done in my life.  I have to work really hard to remind myself all the reasons that having that glass of wine is really not a good idea today.  And what I realize is that this will probably be a conversation I will have with myself all of my remaining days.  So tonight I too won't drink.
[deleted]
I'm drinking right now.
