-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bt43r/1_day_sober/

Hello...Im just writing to write I dont know if there is any purpose or question in what I am writing. Idonno if Im fishing for sympathy or a pat on the shoulder. but here it goes. ..I had my 4th or 5th relapse 1 week ago and it lasted until 16 hours ago...But guys this is so damn hard I cant focus on anything. I am trying everything but I am insanly restless. I cant read I cant watch Netflix I cant sleep I'm not motivated to draw to listen to music to play any games...and I have like 17 games on steam...The guilt is unbearable my thoughts is razing and the anxiety is eating me up. Im angry scared sad and lost...  ..But on the bright side Im home with my parents which are thoughtfull patient and kind..but they are really worried I can see it in their eyes.. ..I also did something healthy today!  I did intervall running and some yoga poses and 15 minutes of meditation. I just cant get myself to sit down and do it again.. Its so fucking boring I can't make myself do it. I just dont want to face my feelings right now Im to lazy or unfocused to do anything but to restless to relax. ..I just want that drink so fucking bad.. ..Ps. sorry for the bad english
----------immediate responses--------

First congrats on giving it another go. The boredom can feel overbearing (especially) at the beginning. It slowly fades. Just try to find something to occupy your time to get through the day (work reading working out video games etc) and go to bed. Then get up again and do it all over again. It does get easier.
Thanks for posting and congrats on one day sober! Also great you did some meditation and yoga poses! I find I do better when I celebrate the small victories and avoid getting down on myself. For me the key is just completing one day sober at a time. Here's wishing you another sober day today! 
Hi I'm right there with you! I'm only working on my fourth day today and the past three days have been awful. I've been playing in bed just browsing this subreddit mostly. That's honestly it. I haven't eaten much and I just look forward to night when I can sleep. But today I'm feeling better and have gotten up more. So that gives me hope that better days are to come and I think better days will come for you too because it sounds like we have similar feelings right now. I recommend thinking about making the daily commitment looking at the baby steps in the sidebar and just realizing that you are on the road to get better and it will take time.
I almost fell back today only 2 days in...but I am trying to save my marriage and I realize what a total waste alcohol is maybe that's why they call it "wasted".  I knew that even drinking one beer would be visible and result in major heartache this Easter weekend.  So I " played it forward" and sang..." you can't hide those lying eyes" and got over it.   Maybe you could sing some ChumbaWumba.
