-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bxb3v/one_week_d/

So so often in the past I'd make it a few days ALMOST a week and even more often I would fail and fail further at updating my flair only to have kind commenters commend me for my so-and-so days of sobriety (like almost a month! LOL) in the midst of my emotionally charged self-deprecating posts...But now I've actually done it!! An entire week since my last lonely binge session. An entire week of struggling every day to keep it up to remind myself why I'm doing this to staying strong and being accountable to people I'm close with and people I've met more recently at meetings. ..I've wanted to give in a lot. I've fiended and I've cried and I've accepted it all the same. Still struggling but seven days sober feels pretty good right now and I would love to see seven more...Thanks everyone who's already supported me/this. This sub is amazing. The few people I've already met at my one meeting are amazing. The odds are not stacked against me despite how desolate I feel sometimes. I've got this! And so do you. :)
----------immediate responses--------

I like this post so much.  It is very true--that the odds are NOT stacked against us since all we are really in charge of is ourselves over the next 24 hours.  If we can do that SOBER life gets better almost automatically.
Great work and enjoy your 1!  Now go enjoy a sober Friday :)..I will raise a Bubbly water in your honor :)
Congratulations. I'm nearly done with day 9 so I know what you're going through in some ways. Not drinking with you today!
Those first few days are a struggle aren't they? The next few will seem easier. But the struggle really won't be any easier.  ..You'll be stronger. And that's what will make it SEEM easier.  ..&gt; ...seven days sober feels pretty good right now and I would love to see seven more.  ..Keep going. Just keep going surround yourself with like-minded people either here or with some face-to-face support. Go to another meeting...go to LOTS of them. The next seven days will be amazing...and after 7 more sober days have passed you'll be eager for even more of them.  ..It just gets better and better. Keep going you'll see. You can do it. 
fantastic!..My 1 week is tomorrow it feels like both the longest week of my life as well as it crept up on me quickly.  Here's to week #2
