-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bxvvc/really_struggling_right_now/

I have had a hell of a day.  Went to work in mismatched shoes spilled bloody Mary mix all over my dress and had a difficult employee disrespect and yell at me in front of customers and other employees.  My feet hurt I'm stressed about finding a new apartment and I miss my fiance who loves 3 hours away.  My brain is trying to convince me that a drink would make things better but I know its not true.  No problem drinking can't make worse.  I'm just feeling really stressed and depressed and could use some encouragement.  Thanks for reading even just typing this has strengthened my resolve.   I just need to get home safely.  I will not drink for the next hour.  After that I'll work on the next hour and the one after that.
----------immediate responses--------

We're here for you.
Sounds like a pretty crappy day :( Sorry all that happened to you. When i have days like that i normally find myself a treat to encourage myself that its better than having a drink and find a nice spot at home to curl up and watch some shows I enjoy. ..Hope the rest of your night/day turns out better than the first half if you need to vent we'll be around!
I have some donuts here if you'd like one :)
Thanks guys.  I had to stop for some cigarettes and I bought a bottle of wine.  I checked here before I drove off and you gave me strength to say at least I won't drink it while I drive home.  I got home and I poured the poison out.  Thank you for caring about a weak internet stranger
Only a few days away from 2 months! 
I look at it as a roll of the dice.  We have finite control over what happens to us in our day to day lives and sometimes you're just going to have a shit day.  I love the good days of course but I think the bad days are the ones that challenge us to strengthen the resolve we have.  I could always turn to alcohol but I know that's me not coping well with the negative experiences I had and will only likely further contribute to them...Stay strong friend you'll get through this!
As I started to read your second post a thought flashed through my mind..."oh no don't do it"...and then I read the rest...SO PROUD OF YOU! I won't drink with you this hour or the next and repeat!
Started to post then saw what happened later...good for you for staying strong.
Good for you staying strong. Emerson has a great quote about getting through tough days and waking up for the next one unburdened. You should give it a read! It always makes me feel better. I'd type it out but my phone is about to die and I don't want to butcher the quote.
