-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4byli7/beginning_to_lose_my_control_and_im_terrified_of/

After the hellish first week I felt like a brand-new person. Like I was energized healthier. I had already lost some weight felt clearer more awake was more productive at work the whole she-bang...Happy Hours/Bars are a big part of the industry I work in -- I abstained for the first couple weeks and then last week went to things. Stayed for only as long as I needed to was succinct (but honest) about how "I don't drink anymore" left to go home before people got too drunk...Everything was fine. I felt fine I felt comfortable. A little sad sure for missing out on some of the fun but enjoyed the extra sleep and cash and I've had plenty of supportive friends who'd pick safe spots/activities for us to do. ..Wednesday I was walking to Starbucks and passed by a sign that said "Half off Wine Wednesdays" and instantly thought "Guess I better check that out" before I could catch myself. ..But then instead of correcting myself I just felt this intense wave of anger. This wave of "how dare these people in the world drink when I can't?" Anger towards myself for making this decision when no one made me; anger towards the world for advertising this poison that is corroding my mind and my life even though I'm not even DRINKING it anymore. ..It's Friday and that ferocious anger hasn't stilled. I haven't slept well since Wednesday I barely have gotten work done I've avoided phone calls from friends I've just done a cycle of wake up work home with an unhealthy helping of seething the whole day...Tuesday will be Day 30. A fact that I'm super proud of that I've been plotting how to celebrate (with milkshakes from Shake Shack and cheese fries and my stomach will hate it and it'll be greeeeeat) and now it just hits me:..After Day 30 is Day 31. And 32. And 33....all the way until the rest of my life. And that little poisonous shitfucker in my head just keeps saying louder and louder "You don't want to do this."..And it's right. I don't. .
----------immediate responses--------

Awesomely honest post. I had to make peace with the fact that I didn't want to quit drinking. (Aren't I supposed to want it?) No what I wanted was to avoid the negative consequences; the horrible negative consequences that just kept coming and coming and accumulating. They kept coming no matter how much I didn't want them. They kept coming because of the actions I kept choosing. I tried for 35 years to find a way around the drink-shitty life connection but I just couldn't do it. I finally realized it wasn't a question of whether I wanted to quit or drink it was a question about which consequences did I want - which life did I want for myself?
Great post and the response. Yes consequences...certainly the outcome never changes. It's always beyond bad and sometimes even worse than that. Definition of insanity as they say is to do the same things and expect different results.
&gt;"You don't want to do this."..Which "this"?  The "this" drinking (don't know your story so can't embellish) that led you to SD in the first place or the "this" sobriety which you say makes you clearer more awake and more productive?..Hey I actually completely get it!  So much of our ubiquitous culture is a siren call to drink and to make the decision to not do that flies in the face of all the major programming. I have felt PO'd that I can't drink normally and engage in those activities like "a" drink with friends after work but there is no such thing as "a" drink for me.  I didn't (don't) want to not drink; I *have to* not drink or better I choose to not drink because the alternative is not pretty or happy or healthy.  (I don't usually use words like "have to" because they are words of powerlessness not choice but in this case are fairly accurate). ..When that voice rears its head - at least a couple times a week - I say "Fuck you Pedro; get on your pony and ride right back out of here!"  So far as long as I stay one day at a time and don't think about day 85 or 90 or 365 it's all cool.  
[deleted]
I have also had these feelings and thoughts. All these responses and support help me keep not drinking today!
I can't make it passed day 0.  I'm so proud of you.  While I have cut down so much since discovering this sub I still haven't quit...Much respect so much respect.
I hate that little poisonous shitfucker. Got one in my head too...I don't want to do this for the rest of my life. But I don't have to...I only have to want to do this for tonight. Then worry about tomorrow tomorrow. And then next day the next day. ..Just keep doing the next right thing. And enjoy that milkshake.
I total understand. This is why I've hesitated to try stopping; I felt it was not honestly how I felt. 
There's an asshole in my head too. He's worse then any drink I've made. I end up locking myself in my room after I get home from work and I do nothing until I sleep wake up at 3 and fall asleep again before I go back to work. 
It's not that bad forever. It's called recovery for a reason. We recover from a seemingly hopeless state of mind and body. We recover from the voice in our head that tortures us over alcohol. ..If you haven't yet check out a support group like AA or SMART.
Day 31 comes whether you are drinking or not.   Soberiety is not a promise that Day 31 won't suck it's just a promise that you'll have the chance to do your best with it.  
No one made me quit either and I get pissed at myself too sometimes.  But my life no longer belongs to just me...My loved ones count on me.  We can't be there for people when we let our addictions consume us.  So I'll get moody irritable and bitchy because I can't drink.  A whole lot better than being a drunkard.  
The longest I ever quit was for a year and a half court ordered. I was livid. Every day I woke up mad that I couldn't have a beer to relax mad that I had to spend my 21st birthday in court ordered rehab mad mad mad. I felt like my life was in someone else's grasp and it wasn't fair...I was able to channel that anger into abstinence. I didn't want to give the court the satisfaction of throwing me in jail. The whole system (as I saw it) was designed to wait and catch you when you slipped up. I made it my mission to not be another "alcoholic fuck up" that they could leech off of. I wouldn't let myself become a victim. I was better than that. I don't think I would've made it the whole 18 months without the anger. Call it righteous indignation I guess...So I guess what I mean is anger can be a good thing. I think you should be somewhat angry it's really not fair that some people get to drink and you don't. But that's the reality. I'm currently struggling with it myself. ..In my opinion it's always a losing battle fighting against emotions. But you can use them to help you quit if you frame it correctly. I can't really tell you how to do that though. I just know it's possible. Best of luck.
Seeing ads for liquor dont really affect me the way they used to. They are meh to me. I enjoy coffee and tea and stuff lots. I even put a lavender oil lamp in my room to keep me chill and stuff when im at home. Things arent so bad. Liquor aint that great. I learned how to use other less harmful substances. 
I felt just like you. Please start going to AA. It's not what you think. I used to think it was a bunch of old lame people. I found it to be a bunch of peers older and younger. Everyone accepting with great stories to tell. I love going to meetings now.
Oh man. I listened and argued with that poisonous crap for 25 years. 1 month relapse for a year. 5 hard months relapse for 4 years. 2 weeks relapse for 8 years. You get the picture. I came near death. I decided to shut that poison up for good one day at time. One moment at a time I chose to LIVE. Alcoholism is a progressive fatal disease. It can be defeated by avoiding just one drink- the first one.
I was a pretty angry guy that first few months. Anger is a secondary emotion it's a reaction to some other disturbance. ..I was perturbed due to loneliness - fuck those people who have a built in social network around drinking!..I was saddened by the loss of my best friend - fuck those people who can still drink/enjoy/worship Boddingtons...I was ashamed for who I was - fuck those people who can keep drinking normally while I can't. ..Most of all I was hurt by the time I had wasted - fuck those people who lead normal lives and still have a drink or two. ...Anyway. It's a strange place to be in learning how to live without that clear path me &amp; Mr. Barleycorn made up. Good luck. Relapse is optional. ..* don't drink don't think *..
It's not the rest of your life.  It's today only today. ..Tomorrow you make the decision again. ..30 days is a classic relapse phase.  Partly because your dopamine levels are resetting.  ...It gets easier.   I was out at one of the fanciest restaurants in NYC tonight.   14 people cocktails flying the best of the best single malts and wines.  ...The thought of having a drink didn't even cross my mind.  And I had a better time than anyone else there.  ...You'll get there friend.  It gets so much easier. ...One day at a time.  Only think about today.  
You have to take it one day at a time mate.  It is daunting to think of tomorrow much less the rest of your life.  I have never really committed to not drinking the rest of my life and I don't have to. I struggled mightily as you are now but I stuck with the program day by day committing to not drink that day.  At some point and I wish I could tell you the day I stopped feeling overwhelmed about stopping what I loved to do so much for so many years.  The anger subsided the jealousy subsided and I've become very comfortable with who I am today and totally convinced that I can't go back there.  I can't handle that little poisonous shitfucker not even a little that's all I need to know. 
If you're so inclined look up the AA 12 steps and 12 traditions and read the first chapter. AA suggests that without a three point approach mental physical and spiritual short term sobriety is all that a real alcoholic will ever attain...If not best of luck to you. I'm an AA guy so that's all I can really offer in terms of advice.
I went to a pub last night. I would say it was my 'trigger' pub because I've started there many times. ..As I sat with my cranberry and lemonade a lot of the time I found myself intensely watching what others were drinking and how much. I wasn't judging the person per se but just trying to learn why drinking so much of sugary alcohol drinks is logically a ridiculous thing to do. I didn't really feel the need or want to drink and I drove home. It was a good lesson for me and assisted in my own goal to fundamentally change my perception of alcohol.
I know the feeling. I love how you ended this though very inspiring. Thank you!
I told myself that I might think differently than I am thinking now in the future. Day 30 I was thinking "okay that was tough...especially the first and second week. Glad I don't have to do that again. Wonder what month two will bring me? Some different sober benefits? A different perspective? I different opinion on being sober?"..And things changed. If I had gone back to drinking I wouldn't have been able to experience that change.
