-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bzvpw/struggling_i_think_i_need_help_too_afraid_to/

I've been a binge drinker. I go awhile without drinking and have made big strides in my life despite it. BUT. Lately I've made big mistakes because of my black-out/confused drinking. I seclude myself from people when drinking because I prefer it that way. I often think that this multimedia way of life is a damaging way of life for those like me. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone. I relate to everything in your post.  I am only on day 10 and am very scared that I can't do this but I'm trying to take it a day at a time. I too have made big strides graduate degree good job but drinking has cost me so much....I basically lost myself somewhere along the way and isolate quite regularly as a result. Social media makes it easier to do so. I just wanted to tell you that you are not alone. I do have hope still and hope is everything. All the best to you.
If you want it bad enough you can probably accomplish your goals but then again your only human so don't beat yourself up
Time is the best healer.... time man
Online media can be helpful too when it comes to getting support on stop drinking.  I think a lot of us drink alone so no one can see us overindulge plus it cuts out drink driving.  I know for me I drink to wipe out not to socialize.  But together we can do this and I'm staying sober for today.
gettingwise...I drink to wipe out not socialize. Very simple statement that just gave me a smack on the head. That was me totally. The last thing I wanted was to make a fool of myself in public so I would only have a couple of drinks to appear normal. That's a bad joke because as soon as I got home I would finish whatever pre-planned stash I had until oblivion. I have a good life so what I am trying to escape alludes me at present. AA term comes to mind of "self will run riot" trying to plan all outcomes and drinking when they don't go as I want. Kinda sounds like a spoilt child. Enough thinking for today. Think my overly reactive brain needs a time out! Anyway I won't drink with you today.
Like putting the wrong petrol in a vehicle; it runs for a short while then jerks around damages the engine and parts and then dies. THIS IS SCARY and would make you afraid if you were on a motorway with lots of other cars around you doing high speed...Putting the right fuel in means I can drive down road smoothly in control. 
