-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c156v/taking_care_of_my_elderly_father_with/

Hey fellow SDers! It's been a while since I've posted and I thought I'd share how things are going. Many of you know that I moved back to my home state of Kentucky in January to care for my Dad. He's soon to be 79 and has dementia among myriad other health issues. My Mom helped me get settled in and it's taken almost two months of continuous work to get things to where they are today. As of now I am my Father's legal guardian and conservator. I think on some level I always knew I would have to parent at least one of my parents but typing that last sentence out is shocking. It's going to take us (my mom and me) probably years to dig out of this mess financially. She and I spent the bulk of our savings getting back here and catching up on bills... *To summarize as briefly as possible my Dad let a few people use the house to sleep etc and these people brought other people and the home turned into a heroin house literally. We have found needles hidden everywhere. In his mental state he believed we (mom and me) were stealing his money. In reality the junkies were driving him to the atm several times a DAY and taking hundreds of dollars at a time from him. So to combat this he closed the bank account where all the automatic payments come out. We had the state take over his care (WORST THING WE COULD HAVE DONE) and they just let the bills lapse month after month while he sat in a house with no food shoes and mounds of trash piling up around his bed. I wish I was joking. From September of last year until I got here around January 18 he had been hit by a car twice crossing a four lane highway next to our house to eat at a Hardees. His social worker came to visit him ONE time and said he was fine. He was quite literally eating biscuits and gravy from Hardees all day every day for months.* ..I cannot begin to describe the rage I feel. I am mad at my Dad for lots of things but my more immediate anger is with his social worker. I want to knock every one of her teeth out and then break her hands with a hammer. I gotta work on that part.  My father has never been "Dad of the year." He was emotionally and verbally abusive most of my life. My poor dear Mother only realized this in the last two months and she's been married to the guy for 43 years. It's hard watching her come to that realization. So despite all his shortcomings I can't believe the condition his social worker left him in. She lied to us consistently (when we could get her on the phone) and said he was fine the house was clean he had food. This house was FILTHY. Rotting food in the sink from months ago trash everywhere anything of value gone or broken. I often wonder why people still take psychoactive drugs I don't need to hallucinate my life is crazy enough! ..Day to day is going okay. My Mom has returned to Arizona. I am still trying to get all of his back pay from the state. Dealing with the Social Security Administration makes me want to dig my eyes out with a rusty spoon. BUT I haven't drank. At all. I don't know how but I haven't. The thought has crossed my mind of course. But right now I don't feel particularly depressed or out of sorts. I am very very tired on a daily basis though. But overall the one thing that is really helping me is knowing that I have way more marbles than my Dad. His thing has always been to tell us how much we don't know how stupid we are. Finally I KNOW that I'm more with it than he is because of the dementia. And in a weird twist of fate it has given me the confidence I need to steer this crazy ship back to safe waters. ...The things that keep me focused are doing what I've been talking/dreaming/lusting over for the last decade: growing food raising chickens and giving to people who are in need. I have my dogs here with me four of them. Who are amazing. I have two adult chickens and 16 3 week old babies. Apparently I am a caretaker. I'm good with this. I know I am supposed to be here. Part of healing is letting go of baggage and staying intent on what moves your soul. It's not my Dad's fault his Dad was horrible to him. His wounds don't have to be mine. I haven't been to a single AA meeting since I've been home. But my town is apparently overrun with heroin and almost every church I drive by has huge recovery banners out front. I am seriously considering getting SMART certified when things level out so that the people here have another option. ..I am blessed to have found a nurse who does home health care at a reasonable rate. She's also 6 feet tall and used to work in a jail. My Dad is a retired corrections officer so it's been the perfect fit. She doesn't take his shit and isn't afraid to get real with him. Thankfully she is coming today so that I can go food shopping and have an hour or two to myself. Sadly my Dad is in a place mentally where he doesn't know not to let strangers in the house or to give out personal info so I am often stuck at the house for days at a time unless I'm just running out for an hour or so. ..Anyway the point of this post is to encourage all the new folks here to stick with it. It's awful and hard and painful but you can do it! If I can deal with all *this* on my plate then I'm convinced anyone can do anything if they have the will and determination. And a good support group. Reach out if you're struggling don't isolate we are all here for the same reasons. Let's be the best versions of ourselves we can be! And if anyone needs to chat or is dealing with the same things please don't hesitate to share. It's important to know we aren't the only ones going through the hard stuff. I know there is absolutely NO WAY I could be doing this if I was still drinking. Part of me believes my sober journey was just prepping me for this. I can't say for sure but I'm here and I am able. ...Blessings and love to you all here focus on today it's the only day we have! 
----------immediate responses--------

Walked my Dad through the same thing. From my experience drinking didn't help at all and just wound up with me being hospitalized.  An Alz. support group was some help but the best thing I could tell you is that you make the best decisions for him today with the information you have. Down the road if things change don't think "I should have" you didn't know.  Take care of yourself or your no good to anybody. I won't drink with you today. You have all my respect.
Thank you for this post. It's great to read that you are so clear-headed and on top of things. Sorry you are going through this with your father. I have dealt with the state and know what a nightmare it can be. I'm sure your mother is very grateful that you are sober and dealing.
Wow what you are doing and going through is so sad.  I'm glad that you're able to perform this service for your Dad.  I had a very strained relationship with my Dad growing up but I'm grateful that I was with him helping to comfort him in hospice.  I'll keep you in my prayers/good thoughts :)
You are so strong! I don't have the troubles you do and still hit the bottle. Working on it now but feel like I'm not quite ready...You mentioned that your father was abusive and I'm so sorry for it. However a dementia diagnosis changes a person. My wife is a (incredible) social worker who works exclusively works with dementia patients. They literally don't know what is going on. Very easy to manipulate and take advantage of like the ATM trips you explained...The state social worker should never be able to work again. Ever. There's no way that person took an ounce of interest in the case and it's inexcusable. If you have pictures of the mess left behind use it to get this "social worker" fired...I find it incredible that you continue to be sober throughout all of this. It's inspirational! I'll be saving your post for the hard days as I continue to moderate and quit this poison...Thank you for sharing I wish for easier and happy times for you!
Holy SHIT. What a story! I agree with others that social worker should never work again. But what a wonderful healing thing for you to be a caretaker. It's so great that you're able to be sober and fully present for him and for your mother. Thanks for the inspiration.  Please keep on sharing!
&gt;His wounds don't have to be mine. ..True that.  Your story is poignant and while I never had to dive that deep into things with either of my parents familiar.  I'm so glad you have your fur- and feather-babies with you to care for and to get love from.  Mine too keep me sane.  ..&gt;His thing has always been to tell us how much we don't know how stupid we are...That was the message I got from my brother when I was young and it's still amazing how much power it can have over me despite my education my professional job and reputation etc.  It's unfortunate but I also love the irony that you have actual "proof" that his words to you aren't true...My dad had dementia and died just over a year ago.  I was with him for just the last 10 days (although I'd visited as often as I could living 2200 miles away) for the previous three years.  I feel so grateful for the time I spent with him at the end.  ..Blessings on your and his journeys.
Wow I just want to say. You are my freaking hero!! Holy shit my grandma has dementia and we had her live with us for a few months. I admire and respect everything you are doing! ..Just know that today I had an annoying morning and you really put everything in perspective and just wow. I can not say enough the admiration and feels your post evoked. ..
