-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c32mk/question_for_the_women_of_sd/

Did you find early on in sobriety that cravings for alcohol increased around your TOTM?..I'm having a really crappy day and it's day one of my cycle. I haven't had intense cravings like this since my relapse which upon checking the calendar was day 2 of my last cycle...Maybe hormones are something to watch out for??..I won't drink today!!..EDIT: thank you for all of the responses. It was such a relief to hear that I wasn't alone. Now I have a few more sober tools to add to the toolbox!
----------immediate responses--------

Hormones are definitely a trigger for my cravings! All of my relapses were around the time I would get my period. I'm googling the hell out of delayed menstruation. It's been 67 days now since the start of my last one  
I definitely found a connection between TOTM and cravings in early sobriety. Today it manifests as a higher likelihood that I will engage defects of character when I am hormonal. I have less patience higher irritability lower tolerance for frustration and increased probability of self-pity. Having awareness of the connection with hormonal fluctuations has really helped me to recognize what the cause is thus helping me to recognize that it will pass. I work extra hard to monitor my behavior during PMS...Edit: typo
Wow this is a super timely post for me. I'm on day one of my cycle and feel like a total mess. I will not drink with you today. 
The cravings haven't been bad but I have had THREE periods in the 40 days I have been sober. Ugh. 
Yes I found this to be the case for sure. Being aware of it and the fact that it will pass helps.
Early sobriety was mood swings run riot for me and definitely TOTM did NOT help.  My PMS is an angry bitch and a thirsty one at first.  I was helped by talking to my doctor about my options for keeping my hormones more on an even keel and just riding it out to the best of my ability.  It got better with time.  
Yep.  I also found that eating more healthy carbs (sweet potatoes fruit protein shakes) helps during this week also.  ORRRR you could also go the gummy bear/ice cream route too  
