-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c6wht/sunday_solutions_reclaim_your_innocence/

For the past month I've been thinking about folks in their hard first week or lost after the pink cloud dissipates or are still unhappy months later. I've made peace with myself and found great happiness...but what unifying view do I have that allowed me to make it? I realize that I have essentially become a child. Yes the mortgage is paid chores done and vegetables eaten but the further I go from drinking I relate to the world and how I act is pretty fun and whimsical. Just like a child. And I think it's the greatest secret to my success so far.     ..*  My greatest tool is exercise. Which at its heart is basically grown up play.      ..*  I want an old v8 so I like picking up Super Sport and Mopar magazines preparing for the day. Leafing thru an Autabuy catalog is the same to me as Hot Wheels when I was a kid.       ..*  I've started hitting comic shops again. Maybe I'll get the next Walking Dead issue #1?         ..*  At the park I hop on the swingset while kids run wild and swings are the absolute best.      . .*  Yardwork is now my rockout time with a banging playlist.       ..* I'm 38yo with a skateboard. I will have a bicycle. I marked out the free throw line on a basketball goal that came with the house we bought last summer and I'm Larry Bird or embarrassing myself pulling a Jordan.      ..*  Sometimes I chase the spiny lizards sunning at work. I have caught toads in the morning dew.        ..*  No matter how bad or tired I feel about the day there's always time for a pun and a stupid joke brightens me up.      ..At work the other day I literally skipped from my desk to the break room. Yeah it got me weird looks but most people were like "just OspreySoaring being goofy again." Which is better than when I was hungover and morose.        ..Comparing to other comments it seems like many successful folks in recovery have similar "childlike" tools (no insult). Gyms are adult playgrounds. Joggers cyclists hikers are all engaging in mature "play." I've seen folks suggest distractions like puzzles board games coloring and music...like we did as kids. When I take a Red Ryder bb gun into the backyard to plink cans or watch an ant trail I'm emptying my mind like a meditative exercise.       ..It seems that one of the largest pieces of luggage in our personal baggage is some measure of shame. I was certainly no different. In the last 4 months I've moved past my shame by (unknowingly) renewing a sense of personal innocence. So I challenge each of you struggling the next time you're feeling bad or that the burden of sober responsibility is getting you down; Dance in the living room. Try the Ministry of Silly Walks. Grab a lego set and let the creativity flow. Take a walk and splash in a creek. Whatever. *go be a kid.* Reclaim your innocence and move past the shame and lows and feel pride in your sobriety giving you the opportunity.    .      .I welcome all feedback on my take..
----------immediate responses--------

Your point of view resonates with me -- I chose this weekend to get back on the wagon (several month hiatus) precisely because I could play all day eat too much chocolate (chocolate bunny ears first right?) and stay up late watching movies -- so very child-like. There has even been some loud music dancing in the kitchen and coloring on the floor (with kids)...My near goal is to turn the 3 days a week walking into running again. I'm going to to hold the idea of running as being my adult version of recess (definitely not for health/weight/what-have-you). Thanks for this!
I love this! I've definitely embraced my inner kid too! ..Gaming and reading were great distractions for me when I got sober and I enjoyed going for walks - especially to the duck pond where I could feed the ducks just as I did as a kid. I love getting out on my bike indeed my 1-year soberversary gift was a new bike it really brought back my childhood excitement of getting a new bike. I love playing games it's my favourite way to socialize!
When I work to notice own process and remove regret and shame.  When I make amends.  I AM lighter.  My inner child does spring forth.  Laughter is great!  Glad to meet a fellow sufferer from paronomasia.  I have some gene that first thing in the morning I start punning.  Drives my wife crazy!   I'm powerless over it.  I'm a Paronomasiaolic...Here's my favorite Knock Knock joke.  You have to speak it out loud and do both parts:..Me:  "Knock! Knock!"..You:  "Who's There?"..Me:  "Control Freak!"..Me:  "Now you say: 'Control Freak Who?' "...  
Ha ha. Great post man. Alcohol really does strip that innocence and simple love of life away from you by introducing guilt regret and anxiety. ..I also find it quite interesting that many experience extreme anger in the fist stage of giving up - i feel like this was the anger of a little kid being told he couldn't have something he really thought he wanted... but in the end the kid often gets what's much better for them.
Good outlook osprey! I agree I feel like my childhood is starting to come back. Today I swam I used to swim competitively and I set my metaphorical goggles down years ago (I look back now and think my coach had us overtraining and the fun was gone). Today I wasn't worried about times I was just doing laps and engaging in something I'm good at again it was fucking cool!!! ..It seems like the further I get in sobriety the more my past interests are returning whether it be music or photography or what have you I'm picking things I set down during the darker days...Oh an the gym is totally an adult playground. I work and essentially live at one. 
[deleted]
Thanks for this great post!  I'm lucky enough to have two young  boys who I can use as an excuse sometimes to play.  Sports Lego rockets oh boy!  I watched a TED talk a while ago on "playing" and they said that one of the most common regrets people have at the end of their lives is that they didn't play enough. 
I absolutely agree. Sobriety boosts my child-like enthusiasm for those activities I loved as a kid. Watching pro wrestling reading following sports movies and TV shows are all on the menu. I love it.
Love the post Osprey.  Right up my alley.  Thanks for the post.
&gt;I realize that I have essentially become a child...I am so glad you posted this because it puts words to a lot of thoughts I've been having lately. When I think about it I haven't experienced the world with this much awe since before I touched my first drink when I went off to college at 18. Although I don't consider all the years between then and now "lost" per se I do feel that I am finally gaining back some sort of innocence that you speak of. I approach everything I do now with the same curiosity I had when I was a kid too and I had such a huge smile on my face and in my heart as I read this. Thank you...
Thank you for posting this. I too have tried to reclaim that child-like (and teenage) joy through which I once saw the world. Things that I completely let go of have suddenly reappeared in my life (singing in the shower anyone?). I still associate anything that pleases me with shame however no matter how simple or innocent so I have to be extra proactive in allowing play in my life. 
I hadn't really thought about it like this but I think you're onto something...  I would say one way I can relate is I listen to stand-up comedy on my drive to work in the morning.  The morning commute used to be a time for wallowing self-pity anger sadness nausea and fostering a general attitude of negativity towards all things.  Now I find myself laughing out loud and able to dare I say it almost enjoy my commute (not to mention the rest of the day is not so bad either!)...Thanks for sharing what has worked for you.  It seems to have caused a lot of us to consider things from your perspective.
Nice post. I needed it. I added a new word to my vocabulary as well: morose. ..Morose- very sad or unhappy
Great post!  My inner child Is telling me i need to buy a new car.  Talked the wife (almost) into letting me get a 2013 Cadillac cts v.  Im so excited going Tuesday to make sure it's the one i want. 
I've just spotted this via a link in a more recent thread and I figure I have to comment. This is the reason I wanted to (and now have) stop drinking - thing is I just didn't know it until I read this post. ..I used to find myself walking to work hungover and - by proxy - depressed - wishing I could just go back to being a kid again. I'd see kids on tv reading in bed or see how cool their bedrooms look on those property shows when they've been fixed up and think why isnt my bedroom like that anymore? I used to have a bedroom like that and I'd sit in it all night reading Stephen King. Not drunk adult me though. Never. ..Now I realise drinking is what took that away not adulthood. I can have a cool bedroom if I want (my fiancee might veto the tent and perhaps the cabin bed but I can live with that). I can go pick up a magazine from the store and get excited about reading about hobbies. Since I stopped I'm getting into colorizing old black and white photos on Photoshop - could I get any closer to an adult version of coloring in without using my crayolas? ..Even writing this is making me giddy like a kid. Im in Europe so it's midday here. I have a Matcha tea (as [recommended by Stratahoo here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lju3t/what_do_you_replace_with/d3nw4h7) a free day ahead and a golden retriever desperate to see which of her favourite smells are still at the park. ..I'm a couple months behind on this thread so chances are this won't get read. If anyone stumbles across it however let's have a fun day!..Thanks SDers...IMPORTANT EDIT: Thanks @OspreySoaring for helping me realise this. You said in your other post (the one that linked me to this one) that it is an epiphany. I can't think of a better word. 
