-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c7t49/my_uncle_is_not_doing_well_now_i_understand_why/

Was on the phone with relatives in Europe today and learned that my Uncle is not doing well. Years of smoking / Drinking / fighting with anxiety / depression. Probably a few months to live :-(.I wish him the best and now I empathise with his story...I recalled 15 years ago we had a family gathering and there were a few drinks..Usually he was very funny great sense of humor but that night he was very agitated and kept drinking bottles of sparkling water...Of course everybody was like " C'mon man just have a drink and relax"...Now I realize the struggle he was going through. He was trying to quit and how much effort it took him that night to stay sober.....So tribute for this great guy on Easter day. I wish him the best...I just wish at the time I learned that drinking to solve some issues is a very short term fix. ..You start with pain and end up with such a pain that the only place where people can relate to your story is an AA meeting..Thanks SD and happy easter to everybody.......
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry about your uncle. The story of him drinking sparkling water and you didn't know why is heartbreaking. I won't drink with you today.
Sorry to hear about his struggles. I've had several uncles suffer with alcoholism as I do. One of them died young...only in his early forties. I'm only two days sober (after another relapse) but grateful that I'm still relatively young and healthy enough to clean up my act before going down the road they went down. ..Glad you're hear. Thanks for sharing about what's going on. 
Sorry to hear that. I won't drink with you today either. 
Thanks for sharing yours story. 
Thanks for sharing your story. 
The long-timers that I know in AA are happy joyous and free.  
As an alcoholic uncle who also has alcoholic uncles I will raise some sparkling water in his honor. The struggle is damned hard at times. .."To better days". 
