-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c8331/its_time_to_confront_my_issue/

Hey everyone I literally just discovered this subreddit after reading an old thread from some other subreddit about when everyone realized they had a drinking problem. After reading that I related to most all of it and have finally accepted I actually have a problem. ..I don't know what the general demographic is here but I'm 20 and a junior in college. That's right I can't even buy my own booze (nearly all my friends are 21+ and will buy for me). I come from a wealthy family so I can easily afford to maintain my addiction. I also live in a big city where alcohol delivery is a thing...makes it even easier...So I have a pretty self-destructive daily routine. The moment my obligations with class or work end and it's at least 5pm I start drinking beer. This is often on an empty stomach so it hits me faster. I also like to smoke weed. However I get a lot of anxiety from smoking unless I've had enough alcohol. So I get at least tipsy and then I smoke and then I get the munchies so I eat a ton of food and pass out. Eating helps minimize the hangover and allows me to sleep better. I should also mention that one of the main reasons I drink is to fall asleep instantly...I've been doing this for around 6 months or so now. I've been aware that I have an issue for about 2-3 months. I haven't been afraid of it until now. I think I have gastritis (inflammation of the stomach lining) from all of my drinking...and am still drinking at this very moment with that knowledge...I also drink alone or with my girlfriend most of the time. It doesn't matter whether I'm alone or with someone I'll drink regardless...it just happens that I'm alone more often than not...I'm scared. I'm scared to quit this routine...I've been depressed for years too...alcohol either causes or reduces it...don't know which. I have a lot of suicidal thoughts...but have never attempted or devised a plan or anything. I also just started seeing a therapist so maybe that will help...I'm considering going to an AA meeting to have a support group. However I'm a very strict and proud Atheist (no offense intended for those who are religious). For my way of thinking seeking help through God just won't do anything because I don't believe any of that. It also seems secular AA groups are sparse which is unfortunate in my opinion...Anyways I'm not really seeking anything specific. I just wanted to say hello and I get the struggle (to a degree) and I don't want to get to a point of no return. Thank you :)
----------immediate responses--------

Not asking in a confrontational way but in a curious way. You don't have to but if you did have to give up your atheism or your alcoholism which would you choose to hold on to?
Welcome!  Glad you're here.  Sounds like you are aware you might have a "problem."  Noticing and acknowledging is an important step toward progress.  Read some threads. Notice some themes. ..I suspect you'll see repeats of :  I can't moderate I need to stop it's affecting my life I'm losing friends my family is concerned  then it grows worse.  Got a DUI got arrested black out wrecked my car hurt myself/someone lost my job got  divorced lost everything.  Died.  ..Finally lots of atheists attend AA.  Much to many peoples surprise it's nit a religious organization.  ..More in that later.  What do you want to do?
I came to realize after being here for a bit there are many people in their early twenty's who have realized they have this problem so you're certainly not alone. (I'm 22) Alcohol does not reduce your depression. Alcohol is a drug which is classified as a depressant itself. All it does it depress all your senses feelings and emotions. It takes you out of the moment and makes you unaware. I know in my own case I was simply using alcohol to run away from my shitty old life. I went through a lot of fucked up shit and made a lot of really bad mistakes and ended up in a bad place. A place that alcohol did not entirely cause but certainly perpetuated and only served to make worse...Just remember you absolutely do not need to do what everyone else is doing. You are your own person and just because everyone else in college likes to drink a lot you can do whatever you want. No need to participate or be around it if you don't want to. Take everything a day at a time and seek out all the support you need in dealing with your problems and finding a happy place in your mind. Good luck!..
AA is about as religious as you need it to be. It speaks to Higher Power not god. Many take it that way but many atheists on this board use the universe for theirs.  Not only that but there's secular answers to AA like SMART and Rational Recovery. If youvre fearful use the search for "first aa meeting." So many posts of first time experience. I did one when i tried it.
I was very hesitant about AA because of the God thing too. I was pleasantly surprised that it isn't really that much of a thing. AA principles are laid out in a book they call the Big Book and it was written in like the late thirties or forties. At that time there were only a few members- and half of them were atheists or agnostics. There is a whole chapter about it that basically says: So yeah we tried this thing without god (they call it a "higher power") and it just didn't work. So they left the "higher power" thing as a core principle but it is not a christian god it is not necessarily even a god- you pick your own higher power- could be science could be intellect could be a warm hug from a cherished teddy bear. The fact is while they were making the program they determined that this higher power thing was necessary. And AA is the program that has most consistently and widely worked for the most people. So yes you have to drink the koolaid but the fact that isn't obvious to the casual outside observer is that it doesn't have to be koolaid at all you can drink whatever the hell you want to drink. But not alcohol.
[removed]
My problem got ten times worse when I turned 21 so if there is any advice I can give to you it would be this: Continue reaching out for help like you are right now because you can't predict where your drinking will take you..As soon as I had the ability to purchase my alcohol at a cheaper price I stopped going to bars or parties and stopped asking friends. I started making daily trips to the liquor store and my addiction went out of control (which at that point was already out of control according to some friends). I'm 26 going on 27 and I've been trying to get sober for a few years now. It's not easy it's going to take a lot out of you especially as a college student and young twenty-something two types of identities that almost come hand-in-hand with drinking and bingeing--or at least within the environment that my addiction went haywire..I'm glad you are here; keep visiting--this place is bursting at the seams with wisdom..[Clarification: I went to bars using a friend's ID before I turned 21]
