-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cfq66/sober_thoughts_on_my_drunken_moral_failures/

I was listening to an NPR story about a young mother who was addicted to opiates and struggled to find help during pregnancy.  I was struck by a comment from one of the doctors interviewed.  In regard to medical assistance for substance abuse he commented ."I think it's time for us to reshape how we view addiction.  It is a medical condition   it is not a moral failing."..This is big for me.  Only six days sober this past week has involved a LOT of guilt and shame and regret. Seeing myself through sober eyes is not easy and it is not pretty.  I failed morally in many many ways while drinking:  lying neglecting responsibilities putting others in danger treating the people I love the most like garbage...did I mention lying?  ...to name a few.  I can't take those things back.  But I can choose to actively avoid those behaviors by not drinking.  I cannot choose not to be an alcoholic.  That is beyond me.  I am not inherently weak or immoral.  I am addicted to alcohol and choosing alcohol means that I am going to behave in deplorable regrettable embarrassing ways and will undoubtedly hurt myself and others.  I need to remember this!!  ..So thanks for the inspiration doc.  It isn't shameful to be an alcoholic.  It's also not an excuse to behave horribly.  It's my choice to drink or not to drink and it is within my power to be a  MUCH better version of myself.  Sober me is not a moral failure.  In fact she's a pretty kind and thoughtful person.  So today I choose not to drink.    ..
----------immediate responses--------

I go back to the rat heroin water and loneliness study. If there is a moral failing it is truly on  us all..
Yes the insanity my drinking alcohol creates is astounding and it doesn't take much or long these days. Truly Jeckyll and Hyde persona. In a way its a bad thing that I don't remember a lot of it. However it doesn't take long to find out what I have done and who I have hurt (the people who mean the most to me of course which makes no sense). So today I am sober. I will not take a drink today and will try to be a better person and have a better day than yesterday. That's as much as I can handle right now. Good luck to you.
I hope and believe that one day those feelings will be replaced by a sense of pride due to your accomplishments. The feelings of regret will likely always be painful but your accomplishments and deeds as a sober person will hopefully soften the blow day by day. That's been my experience anyway.  
Great post. Thank you 
This is a terrific post! In AA they say "We're not bad people trying to be good we're sick people trying to get well." I really cling to this...Some people find AA's emphasis on calling yourself "an alcoholic" to be frustrating and disempowering and I can understand how it could be. But for me calling myself an alcoholic means that I was admitting that one of my deepest and most hidden fears about myself was true. And once I admitted it was true it really didn't seem so bad. It was a problem I could look at and address instead of a horrible shameful nameless and shapeless fear. It sounds like you're feeling the same way. Congrats on 6 days!!
Thanks for the post.
