-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cg314/something_unsettling_happened_last_night/

I've been an alcoholic for a few years. I've tried to recover several times but always relapse. After being sober for about 6 months I relapsed hard earlier this month and have barely been keeping it together...Last night I got incredibly drunk and almost committed suicide. I don't want to go into a lot of detail about what I did but this is the second time in the past week that I've started acting on my suicidal thoughts while drunk. As weird as it sounds I'm "used to" feeling suicidal and have struggled with severe depression for over 10 years but I've never been so close to actually giving into my thoughts as I was last night. I'm glad I didn't succeed and feel like it was a big wake up call but I don't know if/how I can recover without screwing up again and again...I've seen therapists on and off for years but my living situation and mental health as declined so much that I'm finding it hard to get help now. I'm struggling to make ends meet don't have a car higher education or insurance can't get a job because I'm a full-time caregiver and honestly just don't see a light at the end of the tunnel. I just keep pushing along one day at a time but never really get anywhere. My lifestyle is really isolating which I think is a big contributor to my drinking and depression. I feel powerless to change anything at this point...I apologize if I sound like I'm making excuses or am being whiny. I'm just at the end of my rope (so to speak...) and don't know what else to do. All I want is to be happy and sober. Thanks for taking the time to read this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Whatever you do put this number in bold several places around your house if you are in the US: 1 (800) 273-8255..If you are a fulltime caregiver contact your local Department of Human Services...I would talk to the MDs of the person you are caring for ask for help with the care giving. ..I am sure there are resources available. Please If I were you I would get to a meeting and get around sober people.
This post reads like I wrote it.  I'm only on day 2 so I have no advice just empathy and wishing you luck and strength to do what you feel is right x
oh this makes my heart hurt for you.  I have found alcohol really exacerbates my issues with depression and clouds my thinking about so many things. Giant hugs to you. 
[removed]
[removed]
I don't know if I drank because I was depressed or became depressed because I drank. I suspect it was a little bit of both. But I absolutely resonated with your post and would love to give you an internet hug if you would like one!..I really think that being with other alcoholics might help your isolation. It certainly helped with mine.
This has probably been posted but could you do a call in AA meeting?   
