-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ck7dn/1_monthwhoooo_hooooo/

It feels great to have made it a month have you ever felt like the person that never really accomplish personal goals for you but you manage to do everything for everyone else? Yea I'm that person but finally I'm working on me! I get craving every now and again...a little stronger since I stop smoking cigarettes too but nothing I can't handle plus my support system rocks! I don't see a relapse in my future and if it is...it won't be today! I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! 1 month was a big milestone for me!
Great news. You can do this. Onwards and upwards!
Congrats on 1 month! :-)
Congrats! I'm right behind you. Feeling great and loving life!..I will not drink with you today :)
yep - that is a WONDERFUL feeling!
Hell yeah! Congrats
Congrats!  I am at 1 week and want to be like you!
Hey that star looks really good on you.
Awesome! These are the moments we need to remember when that voice creeps into our head. We are all proud of you because we all know the tenacity and strength it takes. 
Congratulations! 
Kudos!   
OMG AWESOME!! I'm right behind you and looks like a few others are as well! So happy for you!
That's awesome well done! Looking forward to getting there myself!
Yayyyy!!!! Congratulations!! Keep rocking it take time to celebrate. &lt;3
&gt; I will not drink with you today!..Probably the best strategy for getting to month 2.
Congrats just a few days behind me. It's pretty great.
Nice work. Getting sober "for me" is something that helped me make the transition to longer term targets from proving that I could just go a month on a challenge. The "one day at a time" mindset is so simple yet so powerful. Congratulations and I certainly won't be drinking with you today.
Way to go keep it up! 
Awesome! You and I are close on our quit dates and seem to be feeling pretty similar about relapsing. Not today! Keep taking care of yourself because you deserve it..
Congratulations on one month! 
Thanks for this Happy Post!Congrats you rock!
I stopped smoking cigarettes and drinking at the same time. You know what's worse than that coffee. I gave up coffee two weeks ago and its the biggest bitch ever.
[deleted]
Congrats! I'm a week or so behind you and feeling blessed and happy - so glad to have you all to share all this with
[deleted]
Congratulations!
High five!! I hit my month mark a few days ago and I quit smoking cigarettes around the same time too! We did it!!
My favorite thing about under six month celebrations is everyone else in that same bracket being so excited too. ..It honestly brought a tear to this grumpy old man's eye. ..All the best to you. All of you. 
Yes. It will not be today. This is what you have now. Today. 
Fantastic!!
nice one
Awesome!  Congratulations!
It's a month for me too and I feel great. Best of luck to you!
Congratulations!
