-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4clmpf/has_anybody_recovered_abruptly_from_rational/

The reading claims it is a sudden switch and there is no relapse. Maybe I am reading it wrong. It seems to centered on the idea of the "beast". The "beast" wants to drink but you have control over it. Makes it sound very easy. Perhaps it is just that easy...Also I don't understand why it discourages folks from going to AA and have strong reservation about one-day-at-a-time. I don't think they need to be mutually exclusive...Just reading and listening. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

I like the way you think. I don't think they need to be mutually exclusive either. I am wary of any recovery method that discourages other methods. I used SMART Recovery along with AA and I was told they compliment each other well...which they did!..I know what RR is talking about with the "switch" cause it flipped for me but only after quite a bit of time in AA meetings. Although I am feeling confident in my recovery one day at a time is still really important to me cause you never know what tomorrow will bring. It's good to have long term and short term goals!..Keep doing this type of thinking it bodes really well for you!
I enjoy RRs approach and agree with "the switch" flipping. The problem for me was that it took many attempts at quitting over many years and several months of sobriety followed by a few weeks of relapse for the switch to flip. I really don't believe that recovery from years of alcohol addiction can happen suddenly. An epiphany can be had a decision can be cemented but that in my opinion is the moment where recovery really begins...My approach has been a mixture of many different recovery paths which include the AA big book RR SMART my own take on the 12 steps a healthy dose of Buddhism exercise diet and a lot of recovery reading. My observation is that there is not one method of recovery that is better than another but rather that people that successfully stay sober are willing to keep an open mind and make changes in their lives.
I thought that was very interesting. In effect the "Beast" is the Part of your Ego you're trying to detatch. ..I checked out the 'Crash Course' (free) and actually think it's something I can go through again as/when necessary...Thanks for bringing this to my attention; I think it's a useful tool (maybe the only tool??). 
My take on what I read on the RR website is that "one day at a time" isn't a strong enough commitment; and that when you want to drink (get a craving an urge whatever) you have to use your willpower and not succumb.  It's basically saying that if you want to quit you must commit to doing so and not give in - but they tart the message up a bit.  And really I suppose that's all any "recovery method" is - no matter what names I may give my urge to drink no matter what labels I may give alcohol regardless of higher powers base instincts and anything in between at the end of the day it all boils down to the fact that I have an urge to drink and I must use my own willpower to resist it.
I used RR to quit smoking and it worked really well- I have not smoked in over 8 years.  I am trying to use it with alcohol but it is harder for some reason.  I am going to try using the SMART online tools for additional support.  Wish me luck and good luck to you! 
You gotta try find the strategy that works best for you. There is no strategy that works for everybody.
