-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cm5oz/almost_six_monts_sober_and_new_here/

I stumbled on this subreddit a few weeks ago while googling on physical consequences of my former alcoholic behaviour. Although English isn't my first language (I'm Dutch) I found this site very accessible and clear and I didn't feel so alone in this journey. Last night I decided to subscribe and maybe share my story. Today I decided to write it. ..I started drinking in my teens only one glass per occasion maybe two times a year. That changed when I went to college. I binge drank in the weekends and did many foolish things but no seriously bad stuff happened. Only mildly embarrassing. In my lowered standard that is..After college I started working as a journalist and illustrator for a technical company and I stopped drinking totally. I fixated on sports and that all happened by itself. I did not consciously do that. 5 to 8 years passed and me and my man decided to go traveling from the money we saved and find a job in some tropical happy country. We travelled for a year while working a lot on farms and orchards. And there I developed a bad drinking habit. It felt like we were on holiday all the time. We lived in a van and worked when we needed money. After work we drank beer or wine with fellow travelers we met. A great time. A year passed and we had to go home (due to visa issues). When we were at home we had to go back to the routine of getting a home and a job. Living in a van in this country isn't possible. The job and home came relatively easy but we both kept the drinking habit we were used to. (I was 28 then) My man drank 3 beers a day and he still does. But I started drinking more and more everyday. I didn't like the job very much and couldn't get used to normal life very well. I drank a bottle of wine a night on a work day and more on the non working days. In the beginning I used to drink with friends but as they didn't drink fast enough for me I started isolating to drink at my own pace. I could drink till I passed out or puked when I was alone. My man has had periods where he would drink with me but he didn't like that I did it as often as I could. I had thousands of really bad hangovers and called in sick lots of times. I puked in lots of peoples cars made drunk emotional phonecalls and had blackouts. I didn't work out anymore and gained a lot of weight also. In the weekend I started drinking at 10 am. Two years ago I decided to quit I was 39 then. I made it to five months. I relapsed because it was such a beautiful day in spring and I felt totally at ease and in control of everything including my alcoholism. I bought one bottle......(fast forward)..... a few weeks later I drank more than I ever did. I kept doing it for two years including blacking out yelling crying and oversharing with anyone. I fell down the stairs a couple of times called in sick etcetera. I started hating myself. Almost six months ago my mom came to visit me unexpected and I was totally shitfaced at 12 am. Still in pyama's. My mom didn't say anything about it but I could see se was shocked very sad and scared. That day was my last drink. The 10th of october 2015..Leaving alcohol feels different this time. ALthough it's (again) a beautiful spring day I know that I won't drink to it. I really can't go through all that self loathing and illness again..I can't say that I find it very difficult not to drink. I try and emphasize the positive effects it has on me. I feel proud of getting a little bit better every day. Sometimes I do feel very lonely in this journey though. Not many people in real life can relate or understand. Also a consequence of drinking by myself. So a big thank you and thumbs up for all the people that have posted here. I read so many stories and anecdotes that could have been mine. That gives comfort and feels a little bit less lonely..I hope this is readable in my pigeon English.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Congratulations on six months and thanks for sharing your story. ..(Your english is just fine!)
I read about this group and decided to check it out today. (I was going to just read and not post but then I read what you had to say and felt compelled to say thank you.) Your post really hit home with me...so many similarities. I also began binge drinking in college have had sober spells in grad school pregnancy and the year or so afterward and off and on as the decades have passed. At some points I've thought that maybe I'm just too entrenched in the pattern to shake it (I'm in my late 40's). Now reading what you've written has helped me tremendously... I feel like I've got a shot at this. Thanks for sharing your story.
Thank you for sharing! Your English is brilliant no worries :) I found I spent a lot of time lamenting and wondering where it all went wrong from being fun &amp; holiday-like to being WAY out of control. The thing is I had to finally just *accept* that that was my path; I can no longer drink "normally". And I feel better about myself every day too. Congratulations and welcome!
Completely readable and relateable and and I want to thank you for that Spring day warning; and your story. 
Welcome! Your English is better than my Nederlands :) (of which I know like two sayings and some food words)..I spent 2 months doing work in Marknesse while staying in Lemmer.  I have many fond memories of your country. Particularly this time of year when flowers start to grow. ..6 months is great I really started to feel normal at that point.  I know what you mean about it being a lonely journey. I don't have many "in real life" friends in recovery but this Reddit helps me feel connected with people that know and care about what I am doing. Stick around and I'm sure you'll get a lot out of it. 
Welcome and thanks for sharing your story.  A lot in it I can relate to.  Keep coming back -- I think your English is great and I love having all the international folks on this sub.  It's been great for me in terms of my loneliness too. See you soon!
Thanks for sharing. I can relate to parts of your story and I'm happy for you that you have made it this far and have the confidence that you will not relapse despite the nice spring weather. 
