-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4coj9f/something_im_learning_from_sd/

I'm 27 and I only started trying to moderate late last year. Like many of you I sucked at it. So now I'm sober...When I first claimed sobriety I thought maybe a dry spell would hit the reset button and would give me the tools I need to successfully moderate. But reading all of your stories about relapse   in some cases after years or even *decades* of sobriety   has made me realize that for people like us there's no reset button...I'm so grateful to this community and to all of you for sharing your stories. I'm learning from you what I might have otherwise learned the hard way over years of false starts and broken promises   moderation doesn't become magically easier just because you take time away from drinking. ..Appreciating the wisdom of my sober elders tonight. Thank you all!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing!! I tried moderating too but lasted only a few weeks before the one two three bottles a night schedule reappeared. Every time I tried to moderate I ended up drinking more than ever. Good luck in your journey.
&gt;reading all of your stories about relapse   in some cases after years or even decades of sobriety   has made me realize that for people like us there's no reset button...I gained that lesson from SD too and I'm so grateful for it - it's heled me put down my delusions that I might control my drinking one day and focus on embracing my sober life instead! I'm hoping to learn from these stories and never need to test this for myself - I know that it would land me back in the same trapped hole I just about managed to pull myself out of.
Moderation is an alcoholic's attempt at regaining control. Thing is we have no control. We gotta give up that notion if we want to heal.
&gt;moderation doesn't become magically easier just because you take time away from drinking......and according to my story the drinking just gets way worse and out of control. Every time I welcome alcohol back into my life after a dry spell it hits me ten times harder and moderation gets thrown out the window. The intake increases since my brain wants to reach new heights. The benders drag on longer. And I retreat further into a manic version of myself that I hate. .You're right. You can't just hit the reset button on this game. You're stuck playing the same level over and over.
I've struggled so much with abstinence that moderation would just be a joke. Congrats on your decision and 17 days!
From what I have read here along with personal experiences with clients and my own recovery groups is that we tend to fool ourselves into thinking that abstinence alone can somehow flip a switch in our heads and turn us into moderate drinkers...As someone who has been successfully moderating his drinking for almost two and a half years I know that moderation can be done but it's not for everyone.  Some people cannot drink for medical reasons and some people choose abstinence as their path in recovery.  I respect them and their decisions; they're making positive changes in their lives and that can only be good...In order to get where I've gotten to I've done a lot of work on myself.  From the day I decided to stop drinking I've done one on one counselling weekly group sessions and some psychoeducational classes.  The one on one counselling as well as the group has allowed me to do some really deep emotional work on myself to not just understand why I drink but to heal emotionally.  I was an emotional wreck when I stopped drinking.  I'm not perfect now but I'm in a much better state AND I'm better equipped to handle what life throws at me.  And with the support of my counsellor my group members my wife and the rest of my family I enjoy the occasional glass of wine..
