-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cyl3o/alchoholics_and_self_esteem/

As an alcoholic I struggle with my self esteem sometimes. I'm also a women approaching 40. Keeping slim is a challenge. Today I prepared for my noon meeting and thought my favorite large sweatshirt is making me look a little plump. Oh well I thought it's AA. After the meeting the church custodian came up to me. We were friends and has helped me set up meetings for years. He threw his arm around me asked me if I was pregnant then when I said no he said oh well I can help you out with a few if you want. His comment has thrown me for a loop. I have almost 3 years. I don't feel like drinking but I feel terrible. Not sure what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't understand his comment... "a few" of what?
There are lots of a-holes in the universe although you tend not to expect that you will bump into them at a church of all damn places.  I suppose one way to view this is that if you are a believer--he's in the right place.  Another way to view this is that this clown was embarrassed by his first remark and tried to turn it around by indicating that despite his error you are still attractive.  Regardless it was plainly stupid and harassing.  If you are concerned that this creep really did intend to harass you he will harass others--and you should not hesitate to report the remark to the church office.  ..Finally in bars clubs and drinking events over a couple of decades I met far worse than this custodian (hell I may have been one of those creeps) and for the life of me it didn't seem to keep the most attractive women out of the bars and clubs.  At least when we encounter this sort of inappropriate behavior in normal life it stands out in stark contrast. 
ugh he's clueless some men just have no idea what kind of nonsense is flying out of their mouths. I'm so sorry! This would make me bummed out for sure. I'm in my mid 30s and starting to get greys at an alarming rate. Damn sure I'll be upset if some jerk points them out when I go home to visit in a few weeks. Here's an internet hug! 
Thanks for all the love and feedback. I think I'll steer clear of that meeting. I won't report him because I will honor the times he helped me before. I guess some old timers still think it's 1950.
...maybe he was trying to give away a few of his own kids rather than hitting on you? Also trying to cover up having just made an ass of himself with an attempt at humour I suppose.
I am so sorry that happened to you.  That is incredibly inappropriate. And sometimes the wrong comment comes at the wrong time so that the wrong-ness multiplies and everything feels so much worse.  Perhaps another day you would've laughed it off or ignored it or told that fella to stick it.  ..  I'm a woman in my thirties too - and I think it's hard for us not to tie our self worth up in how we look.  I had a random pimply red rash break out on my face a little while and I felt terrible - it didn't effect who I was or how kind I could be or how good I am at my job...and yet I felt like it did. Enormously.   ..  Anyway I hope you feel better soon. I really admire your time sober and hope to be where you're at one day!
What a horrific thing to say to you!  I'm sorry!  This woman hits 41 in a few months and my body's not quite what it was at 25 anymore either.  But these days I'm more concerned with making positive changes for my health than worrying if I'm a bit softer around the edges than I'd like to be.  I hope that you'll take a moment for a good hard look not in the mirror but at the wonderful things you're doing attending and organizing meetings to help others 902 success stories accomplished in that smileystar up there...  you sound absolutely gorgeous to me :-)
Hi u/Jilliebee. What a terrible person that guy is...I noticed you hadn't been added to r/dinosaursinrecovery yet so I sent you an invite. It's a good forum for talking to people who have at least a year in recovery about issues (not that SD isn't good but you'll get a different perspective from the dinos)
