-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4czd8n/struggling_today/

I'm on day 5 of a 6- day work week and tomorrow is the most stressful of them all. Today I made a customer upset in front of our new boss who just started this week so instead of impressing her I already look incompetent. Didn't get very much done. This is the type of workday where I would go home and get totally trashed. I'm feeling like I don't have any reason not to. The stress and shame of screwing up at work is too much to cope with sober. ..:( this is the destructive cycle I get stuck in. I've piled up 39 days but haven't done any work to learn how to cope with life being shitty. Now I'm caught off guard with a bad day and just want to not think about it. ..I don't want to drink I don't want to drink I dont want to drink...
----------immediate responses--------

Think about how shitty your day will be tomorrow knowing that you reset on Day 39... You can get through the shitiness!! Because that's  all it is - just a little bit of shitiness!! Hey - for what it's worth the work week I just finished started out with crappiness on Monday followed by four more totally shitty ones... But I stuck to my guns and knew that alcohol wouldn't remove any of the shitiness... It would in fact make it worse. So... Maybe take a walk? or a run? Or call a friend and talk about that crappy shitiness. I won't drink with you today my friend... You/We can do this - for today.  :-)  
No one is perfect... We all screw up at work sometimesI had a shitty work week too... Very stressful... Told my hubby that I would have drank a bottle of wine every night... But then I would have felt worse and it wouldn't make anything better....  So I had some chocolate ice cream instead and listened to some relaxing meditation music...   I don't want to drink either so I won't.   I hope you will join me.  We'll both feel good in the morning!
Awesome!!!   I am so happy right now!   I made it thru a tough night last night too!  .Let's not drink today !
