-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d2dqe/relapse_statistics_are_discouraging_how_do_you/

At the 4-month mark my overall confidence in my sobriety has increased. Individual days are less often a struggle cravings are more fleeting I get to enjoy life with a clear head etc. Then I read articles saying how bad overall success rates are for alcoholics (something like 5-15% achieve long-term sobriety from what I've read) and I feel sad. I like to be optimistic but it's easy to feel discouraged when the odds are overwhelmingly against anyone fighting this battle. At the end of the day I know I'm responsible for my own sobriety and there's no reason I have to relapse but it's easy at times to feel like a relapse could be just down the road somewhere. Long-timers especially how do/did you stay positive about your sobriety despite the poor odds?
----------immediate responses--------

My sobriety is not luck or the roll of the dice.  I take steps to ensure that it continues.  I listen to others who have achieved sobriety.
Relapse is an interesting subject. It does not have to happen. I have been sober over three decades with no relapse. I credit this to having the experience of rehab therapy and involvement in AA. I couldn't stay sober without help. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Personal growth is essential. ..Early on I made the decision not to drink no matter what. One day at a time works. I stay positive about sobriety because I remember what happens when I drink and I don't want the misery. Also I wouldn't trade my quality of life for alcohol. I remember to be grateful for my happy sober life. 
I look at relapse statistics and I draw two very big lessons: 1. alcoholism is a powerful disease--don't f#ck around with sobriety once you have it; and 2. the only statistic that means anything to me is my continuous days sober--keep doing what works.
I wonder where they come up with those statistics TBH. If it is a measure of people who start and end up leaving AA it might be seriously low balling the success estimates. And lots of people get sober on their own probably more than we realize. But yet I know what you mean -- as others have said here I don't take my sobriety lightly and I try to keep from becoming complacent. I'm not drinking today that's what I have control over! Best wishes and CONGRATS on 4 months!
Here's another statistic for you: 100% of people die. ..Don't let anything hold you back.
&gt;stay positive about your sobriety despite the poor odds?..Its not so much the odds choosing you. The odds are only the reflection of people choosing to stop or not. Does that make any sense? You get to choose.
The statistics weigh heavily on me too. I just remind myself how I quit smoking twenty years ago: come hell or high water I was not going to have a cigarette. Period. I know that I have to have the same single-mindedness about never having the first drink. Also I never underestimate the insidious nature of alcohol. I know it is always lingering in the shadows just waiting for me to lose focus for a moment so that it can slip back in.
Relapse is a choice.  Drinking is a choice. Nice to know that you have choices ain't it?  ..Just do the things that make Not Drinking an easy choice to make.  You got this.
I wonder how many of the 90 to 95% that don't make it are trying on their own?  I feel that the more support I add the better my chances. SD is one part AA another. Being accountable and honest wth my family and friends is another. Think about how many alcoholics don't do any of these things. It's all about increasing your chances I say.
What constitutes long term sobriety?
87 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot. Seriously fuck statistics I am a person not a number. Recovery statistics are meaningless to me.
Focus on the ones that are still here instead of the ones who aren't.
For me I known the program works 100 percent when I work it. 
Interesting!.."A single death is a tragedy; a million is a statistic."  ... Joseph Stalin..."God does not play dice."  Albert Einstein..."73.72% of statistics are made up."  Me just now..."Almost half the people in this country make below the minimum wage!"   A fact..."More accidents occur at intersections which is why I speed up to get through them faster thereby spending less time and reducing my odds of having an accident in an intersection."  My know-it-all brother-in-law..."If you get to the final grand prize on the Price is Right and you pick door #1 out of the 3 available; and then the host reveals what's behind door #2 and then says "would you like to change your decision from door #1 to now take door #3 instead?"; Should you?   ..Indeed a lot of people relapse.  A lot of people are not successful.  I don't worry about the statistics if I follow a few simple guidelines:  meeting makers make it; don't rely only on my own willpower; notice if I'm restless irritable and discontent or "HALT" is occurring.  Go to meetings.  Be active in Acts of Kindness (AoK).  Did I mention going to meetings?  ..When I do those things the odds tips the scales decidedly in MY favor with a confidence interval of 99%  and a p &lt; .001...I may relapse tomorrow but ..Just for Today I Don't Drink with You !!....
Statistics will only take you so far. I don't know what the odds are of me relapsing tomorrow but I know they are pretty small. The same for the day after tomorrow. It's very hard to do statistics with just 1 sample. That 1 sample is me (you). It's the only statistic that's relevant for me (you). Just focus on staying sober today. Do the same again tomorrow. And so on and enjoy the gifts of recovery..
I stay sober through AA which is a very simple program. Not EASY but simple. Whenever I feel myself reverting to my old patterns and reaching for my alcoholic's toolkit (isolating minimizing rationalizing denial avoidance lying...etc) I immediately take it back to the absolute BASICS of what I did when I first got sober. I step up my number of meetings call my sponsor more often redouble my efforts on stepwork try to reach out to help another alcoholic - I do all the things that I did when I was so very desperate to get sober. ..Ultimately I think of my decisions as either walking toward a drink or away from one. It's a cunning baffling and powerful disease and there are no guarantees of continued sobriety. There are however some actions I can take to improve my chances.
I find the relapse statistics very motivating. In the same way that I know that much of my success in other parts of my life is due in part to hard work and in part to luck I think my sobriety is similar. I work as hard as I can at increasing the probability that I stay sober. I'm no better than a person who's relapsed though. I'm partly lucky and partly earning my sobriety. From this I get a sense of both humility gratitude and motivation to continue working as best I can to stay sober and to bring compassion and support to people who are struggling. 
What exactly is a relapse? A couple of drinks one night? A sip intentionally or mistakenly? Half a dozen low alcohol beers on Christmas Day? I've been drinking Kombucha (maybe one small bottle every two weeks) which supposedly has less than half a percent alcohol. I don't consider that a relapse. But what about a beer with two percent alcohol?
[deleted]
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/MpLHItn.jpg)
