-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d6xc0/not_drinking_related_im_just_sad/

I have no thoughts of a relapse so no worries.  ..I don't even know why I'm writing here except I've been so sad and crying off and on the last several days.  I'm just in the midst of a self pity-party...I'm only 54-YO but my MS (primary progressive multiple sclerosis) has been kicking my butt the last few days.  This is my busy season and I'm so behind with work.  I do my best to only use a cane but I've needed a walker lately because standing up/walking has been so painful and I'm too worried about falling.  I know I only need to concentrate on today because thinking how I might be in 10-years is a real bummer.  And BTW I couldn't afford my health insurance premiums after November; not that it did any good as I'm almost $20k in medical debt even when I had insurance!  There's nothing "Affordable" about health care especially having a chronic condition...I haven't been able to go shopping because I've been so weak thus I have very little here to eat.  The bright side is I stocked up on eggs when they were on sale for Easter holiday!  I kind of feel like the scene in [Forrest Gump](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhfK98f5S00) about shrimp except with eggs lol.  Sadly I don't feel like cooking anything...My daughter called me on her way to work last night.  She was so excited that both her and her fiance had today off (that rarely happens) and they were going to an Egyptian exhibit and a bunch of other stuff.  She said I didn't sound very good.  I told her I was OK --just in a little more pain than usual.  I really wanted to tell her I wasn't doing well and ask her to come by today with some Chipotle but I don't want to ruin their rare day-off together...I opened my eyes this morning to hear my "Jumbo-sized" (110+ lbs) dog snoring in my ear and her front leg resting over my body like she was hugging me --I swear on my mother's ashes this beautiful animal knows when I don't feel well.  Anyway that opened the flood-gate.  She's getting older and I started thinking about --well 'that day'...Then I flushed my toilet and it backed up with water spilling all over.  (I have this problem every Spring because of roots.)  It took me several minutes to get down on the floor to turn off the water under the toilet; now terrifed I'm going to slip another several minutes to gather towels to sop up the water.  It took almost an hour to get the last wet towel in the washer.  I'm exhausted.  I'm in pain.  And once again crying my eyes out...It's been good for me to write this regardless of how disjointed it may sound.  So Thank You my SD-family for reading.  I hope we all have a great afternoon!  ..Shine~
----------immediate responses--------

I hear ya. I've been in the recliner most of the weekend my sciatica is kicking my butt lately. Sometimes worse than the pain of it is the depression that can follow. I'm 47 and it just stinks to lose a weekend when it hurts to take a step. But you know what? It's ok. Tomorrow is another day and we'll all get through today. Rather than let the pain and sadness bring us down let's just take a deep breath and take it slow today. First day of a new baseball season my puppy is sitting here with me keeping me company my wife loves me I'll make it through. And so will you. Little distractions little victories don't go for the cure all go for what's good at this moment. I wish you peace and happiness today. We're all here with you!
It is ok to not be ok...as long as we realize we are not alone.  ..It is ok to FEEL.  That was so hard for me to realize after wanting to remain numb for so long.  It is ok to be sad or happy or angry.  It was what I DID with those feelings that mattered.  ..I'm sorry to hear you are in pain and having a difficult day but by coming here and venting..sharing your struggle you now have others sending you positivity and strength.  ..One day at a time friend.  Stay strong.  Pet your pup and tomorrow will be a fresh new day.  
I sympathize. Chronic pain has beaten my ass for a decade and I may or may not have what you have- tests are very soon. Excruciating pain off and on drives me nuts for the past few months when the months before were relatively nice.  A good cry is in order sometimes. 
[removed]
I've been scarce on SD by my standards this last month largely because two of my closest friends (one a sponsor-ee) and the other my pal the Dude have been hospitalized with very serious ailments.  This morning the Dude marked 3 weeks in the Cleveland Clinic following a heart attack and he's antsy to come home and yet he realizes he's super weak and maybe not ready.  What message do I share with him?  It's one day at a time.  Amazingly we can look back on our physical ailments and often laugh at how we didn't see our way clear to the challenges we overcame but we did.  It's always one day at a time.  Good luck Shine.
I also have MS. Dealing with MS as well as an alcohol problem is a double whammy. Both are chronic potentially fatal problems. It's a lot to deal with. I used to use alcohol for pain control which I can't do anymore. Someone on this subreddit suggested trying The Wahls Protocol. I read the book and have been following the diet and honestly it is doing wonders for me. (The author Terry Wahls used to be in a wheelchair with MS is now out of the chair and is back to bicycling.) There is so much in life that is an unknown; at least by not drinking and eating well I am able to do something positive for myself.
I'm sending light and love! You're doing the right thing by talking about it too. Keep reaching out! Things are always shifting and changing and it will get better! :)
Sending you Jedi hugs.  I've had CFS for years I know those days of pain and exhaustion and unhappiness and not wanting to ask for help. Look after yourself. I wish you many spoons
My heart goes out to you. From your post you sound so resilient. You are doing wonderfully. It's okay to feel what you are feeling. I'm sending you love and healing.
I wish I could come over make you dinner and give you a big hug!! 
I'm so sorry you're having a crap time of it. I posted here before about crying I just couldn't stop. My body and mind have been adjusting from being numb to full on feeling the feels and it hit me like a steam train and my problems are trivial compared to the daily pain you are going through. ..Feeling sad?? That's OK. I have to allow myself my feelings because it gets me back to being me again (if that makes any sense??). I'm not sweeping it(drinking it)under the carpet anymore. ..So I let the flood gates open and every now and again it all comes out and as you have written you feel better getting it out. ..Take care and super big hugs you are wonderful xxx
