-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d74ww/a_helpful_tidbit_from_my_psychiatrist/

My psychiatrist (who is absolutely wonderful and has been such a help) once told me that the more times a person quits the likelier they are to be successful. In other words if you've had relapses don't think "Well I guess I'm doomed might as well give up." The more you try the more likely you will succeed. This has been encouraging to me and thought it may be to some of you folks as well :) happy sober Sunday!
----------immediate responses--------

.Excellent!  Thank you for this post.
That is great to hear! Very frequent relapser here. This is the longest I've ever had. I just refused to fall and stay down kept getting back up. Thanks for the post!
Another helpful thing he said and that I've seen echoed in this sub is that sobriety is much much closer to the norm than heavy drinking. Many people don't drink at all and many that do drink very lightly (a drink or two here or there). Whenever I think I'm being weird for not drinking I remember that not drinking is much more the norm than what I've done in the past.
This is really helpful to keep in mind. Thanks for sharing! Here's to starting over again....yay for day 2 :)
Great that's good to know. ..I've always liked this part of the definition of 'Recovery':  .*the action or process of regaining possession or control of something stolen or lost.*
Thanks for this it's so good to hear that there's hope
Thanks needed this today. Ive found I am drinking less and less over time as I've adjusted my approach after learning what doesn't work. About to make some brutal adjustments on my current streak which friends won't be happy with...but which I believe will keep me sober this time (clue dry people dry places...)
I was off and on the wagon over a matter of months until I quit 
Yes.  I heard similar in rehab.  Because of this I don't encourage some of the defeatist attitudes of "Day 0" and that it means "starting all over".  Looking back there was just NO WAY that I was going to get this the first time around.  ..But I learned each time.  Each sober period was better and I learned to bank on the quality of the sober time rather than just the quantity.  Ultimately I think that insight really helped me...My psych a while back said there was an average of 5 important treatments for severe alcoholics to stay clean for any real time.
That's right. You only fail if you quit. 
