-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dbw8t/i_hope_there_wont_be_any_alcoholics_there/

-My son 9 as he was helping his mother and me set up for a party for a family member yesterday and saw the beer/wine table going up..."Well son we haven't really had a chance to talk about that before but what you don't know is that I your father am actually an alcoholic. I don't drink any more but I used to. Quite a bit unfortunately. But thankfully before I did too much permanent damage to myself or even perhaps before I had too many other consequences from it I realized that something in my brain made it nearly impossible for me to drink a small responsible amount. So the only solution that I knew would work 100% was to completely stop. And I sure am glad that I did! Everything's better now except that I know that I simply can't have a drink not even one without the risk of going back to my old normal which was drinking too much nearly every day."..After a short pause I continue "Now you see not everyone is like that. That part of my brain that makes it impossible for me to drink 'normally' whatever that means doesn't exist for everyone. Most adults at least most of the ones that we know enjoy a glass of wine or a beer perhaps two and then they're done. We think that's ok so we don't look down on them at all for that. Your mom drinks like that."..And finally "Perhaps the most important thing though son is for you to know that since you got half of your genetics from me there is a higher chance that that same inability to drink responsibly will affect you. Unfortunately there's no test (yet) that's been developed. But I want you to know now that if and when you do decide to have a drink in the future maybe it would be in college or something but at that point you need to be super aware that you have a higher likelihood of a problem. I sure hope you don't but the good news is that if you do there are many people like that including me. If I can deal with it so can you.".."So I imagine you said what you said because of something you learned at school. Your teacher probably said that alcoholism or someone who drinks too much and too often is a dangerous and unhealthy thing. It is. But there will indeed be at least one alcoholic at that party. And that would be me."..At least that's what I wish I had said...Instead since I am not really "out of the closet" with my alcoholism with anyone other than my wife my therapist and my sister and since I (apparently successfully) hid the extent of my drinking to most of the world my son has no earthly idea I am an alcoholic. I stammered through an answer something like "Oh I don't think we'll have too many big drinkers in this crowd." Which was true...So that finally brings me to my question. Those of you with children how have you broached the subject? My kids are young and they had no idea I was drinking so much. Most of it happened after they were in bed anyway. What do you tell them? How much of a warning do you give them? I mean I wish I quit long long ago and I wish my dad had spent more time telling me about the alcoholics on his side of the family (including his dad and his siblings) but I also understand that to an extent everyone has to come to their own conclusions...If you've made it this far thanks for reading. This disease sucks. But at this point considering that I somehow didn't totally fuck up something while drunk when they were even younger about the worst fate I can imagine at this point is for my kids to have to struggle with this themselves one day.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
My kids are unfortunately very aware of my problem. They have said over time that they will probably not drink because they have seen my struggle and know how difficult it was...That said I've told them it runs in families and that I should be a cautionary tale for them but also most people can drink normally like their dad does. My older son (18) went out last year and got blasted and ended up in the ER. After that he hasn't been able to drink at all-which bums him out. He worries "how am I going to get through college without drinking? " but also joked that he knew not drinking might be a good thing because drinking "is all upside Right mom?"  ..We're open about it-but they don't like to discuss it in depth. I hadn't drank in front of them for almost 20 months before my relapse last week so it had been a  dead subject and my goal is to turn it back into that again. Being a teenager is hard enough without mom drinking drama.  The biggest drawback is that I feel like I am a hypocrite if I tell them NOT to drink so when the time comes (for my younger 2 who are 12/14) i will have to have to have more of a cautionary warning than "don't ever do it!" I think 
I'm totally honest with my kid about my addiction issues.  Better to educate than hide it.  
My son knew something was up and I told him quite frankly pretty much what your imaginary self said above. He's smart and he loves me and was able to digest the information and move on. We don't dwell on it or talk about it much at all anymore. I agree with Victoria_Elaine however that I wouldn't tell him he's higher risk...I'm not even sure if we're 100% sure that that's true (I've heard the term nature loads the gun and nurture pulls the trigger but why scare my kiddo?) Best wishes.
My daughter is a teenager (almost 16). I haven't made a big deal of my sobriety with her nor have I revealed how difficult it's been to quit. I have however made it clear that I was concerned about my drinking and that I did not want it to interfere with being there for her when she needed me. So I quit.  We've had a few conversations about alcohol and it's addictive qualities since I've quit because I want her know it's a tricky substance and with her family history she should be very cautious.  I've kept it light and not too heavy or "finger-waggly" because coming across as an overzealous preacher will just turn her listening capacity completely off.  She will probably experiment with alcohol some day but I want her to understand the true consequences of dabbling with something that's addictive.  I never thought of alcohol as addictive ...you could either handle it or you couldn't. Thinking of it as an addictive substance can really change the way you look at drinking and the way you talk to your kids about it.
This is a subject that is close to my heart these days. I got sober long before I had kids. I have 2 now one just started collage and the other is in high school. Just before my first was born I had made the decision that I would tell them about my alcohol and drug addiction sometime after they had grown up. My thinking was when they are little they just wouldn't know what to do with the information so it doesn't seem like something they need to know. I also felt that I didn't want to tell them as they came into their teenage years because well that's when I started (12 years old) and I hope to teach them that drinking and anything else is just not a good idea. My thought process has been if I can get them through 12 to 24 or so and have them not get caught up in all of that which happens in those ages then I feel they will be okay knowing all about it. I wanted to be able to in case they did begin to experiment with it talk to them about it without bias on their part..I.E well you did it! If per chance they were to be like me and start running off the deep end with it I would sit them down and tell them about me. Yes your dad DOES know what he's talking about kind of thing.  I have never avoided the subject of alcohol with them nor have I said it's something you can't do. It has been open that lots of people drink but it's not the glamour and glitz that the media makes it out to be.  So far so good with them. They both have friends in the past who have started to drink and they quickly no longer wish to be friends with them. They have seen drunkenness and getting sick and even friends who's families have been impacted badly by alcoholism so they do understand the bad side that can come from it. Their own opinion is why would anyone do it. I can't say they won't change as time goes on but I'll worry about that when the time comes.  These days I do wonder if I made the right choice by taking the route I have. I have said I have drank and been drunk before so I don't lie to them. It's just lately now that they are older I wonder if they should know the whole story. I had a long discussion last summer with my wife about it and we decided to keep the course as is. Bottom line is I wanted to just do my parenting and teach about alcohol without any bias from my own past being brought in to what I am teaching if that makes any sense.  
I'm not a parent yet but both of my parents are/were alcoholic. I spent my youth around AA functions all my parents' friends were sober as I got older I sometimes went to meetings with my Dad. My mother unfortunately relapsed and died as a result of it. .When I got to a point when I realized I needed help I was able to call my dad and talk to him about it I knew where to go to get help and I am forever grateful for it. .Alcoholism is a family disease so your children could run into problems. My father has always been open about his past and his recovery with me and my sister (who is not an alcoholic). When I started going down hill he never forced sobriety on me he would just tell me to be safe and tell me his story or parts of my mothers. .It is a disease we did not choose to be alcoholic. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Never be ashamed of this disease even if it sucks sometimes. My father never talked about addiction with shame and it made it easy to not beat myself up too much. .Thank you for sharing. 
I've talked with teens about the subject. Cost-benefit analysis as it pertains to experiences I know low on the preachy-ness.
I started drinking (and was caught) at 12 years old and was in and out of rehabs by 15. I spent three mostly dry years before earnestly re-entering my addictions at 19. No one thought to tell me that my father was an alcoholic (he died when I was young) and his father and a good swath of my mother's relatives as well until I was 25. Really? REALLY? Nobody said anything until it was far too late for me. No one called me alcoholic prior to about 25 either. (Not my therapists not in rehab.) Would it have made a difference? I don't know. We're getting into nature vs nurture and psychology and a whole can of worms but it could have. Just a thought from the other side. Have a resentment about it I'm working on.
My girls are 14 and 10.  I brought them into my circle.  They have watched me over the years.  I made little attempt to hide it.  They were good at knowing that point when Daddy was crossing over the line into drunkville and would comment.  It is nice having them on board adding an extra layer of accountability.  
My mum only recently opened up to me slightly on how she was a big drinker before getting pregnant at 25 then quit cold turkey and hasn't ever gone back to it. I never grew up with her or my dad drinking thank god but as I was drinking heavily younger in the same house as her I would have really appreciated it if she sat me down and told me about her struggles with alcohol. I don't understand why she didn't when I so clearly had an issue with alcohol. Everyone is different and she is a closed book when it comes to her past where as I am the opposite and am very open about my struggle with drinking and about my sobriety. If she had discussed with me openly about her drinking behaviour when younger and gave me insight on why it got so bad for her and what she gained from quitting I think I would have had a much harder look at my drinking and how it was affecting me younger but at the same time I don't know as I was hiding my drinking the best I could and wasn't ready for change. Now that I know about her past issues I don't feel so alone and weird that it seems like out of my big family that I am the only one that really got hit with this alcoholism. .I would have a talk with your kid when they are a bit older and be open about your issues. I think it would be wise to let them know that if they start going down the path you did that you are there to help and support them through it..I definitely don't blame my mum for anything because she is an amazing mother but I honestly wish that she felt like she could open up to me abit more about her past issues as she was able to overcome them and I am only beginning my journey but maybe she has memories or pain that she isn't keen on allowing to resurface.  
