-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dee47/posting_instead_of_drinking/

I'm back at a couple of weeks sober yet again and I feel myself getting more and more nervous that a relapse is coming any day. The whole reason I'm trying to get sober is to sort my life out. Went from successful kid(good athlete student son etc) to college drunk and then finally just to someone who is completely burned out/ feels like life is just not worth the trouble anymore(another reason why I'm trying to remain sober). ..This past year has been so emotionally polarizing. I quit my job and moved home about a year ago to to go back to school but its starting to end up that the school thing won't happen after all. I've been doing pre-reqs to apply to Physical Therapy school and I'm just realizing that its not going to work out financially for me(120k debt min + low salary for the profession). This lack of direction is just feeding the depression which we know goes oh so well with alcoholism...Frankly I'm just at a loss for what to do. I don't really know what I'm looking for by posting but this is my support system as the rest of the people in my life are just considering me as a failure at this point because I can't "figure it out."..I know drinking will make this situation exponentially worse but I can't help but think about the relief it will provide from the insane mental conversation going on all day every day. Did anyone else have trouble figuring out the career piece to becoming an adult?I feel like I should have it at least semi-started at 26 years old and its making me just crazy. I hope you all are okay with me posting some of these thoughts on here as it's better out than in(and drinking). 
----------immediate responses--------

Whatever happens good or bad drinking will only make it worse I'm 28 and not very good at this adult life stuff either but that's one thing I'm definitely sure of. 
This is a great post and I'm glad you decided to post instead of drink! for me I have tried to remember that no matter how shitty I feel drinking will inevitably make things worse - if not right away then for sure in the long run. I didn't have a "career" until my 30s; after a lot of experimenting and developing passions I am happy with where I am now and was fortunate enough to not have to stay in positions that I hated. Might I suggest using this time of sober clarity to find the next pathway?
DUDE. YOU'RE GOING TO BE FINE. you know what I do when I'm feeling particularly bummed out? and I've done this a handful of times in my life. I put pajamas on go in the bathroom and paint my face like peter criss. you can paint your face like any member from kiss but criss has always been my dude. and then you know what I do? I order chinese food and answer the door with my peter criss face on. it gets the delivery guy every damn time. and then I eat a bunch of chinese food in my bed and watch stupid shit on netflix and succumb to the food coma. do that. don't drink. paint your face eat some food get some rest. ..and as far as the career thing goes. don't let societal pressures get you down. I sling beers for a living at 29 and I'm fucking happy and I live well. ..don't drink today. order chinese instead. you're not a slave to booze. sending you love and good vibes.
I didn't start a career-type job until I was 25 and had found something that I wanted to pursue. Until then I had been sort of aimless and worried a lot about what I should be doing with myself. It took me another 5 years to realize what I /really/ wanted to do with my life. ..I had a lot of thoughts of myself being a failure and I was always my harshest critic. It's not easy figuring out what you want to do with your life and sometimes it takes a decent amount of change and being uncomfortable to get there. ..You know drinking will make things worse and I'm glad that you posted here. I know that for me the only reason I have the job I currently do is that I was up sober and out there(and online) applying to every job I could find. A hangover and feeling like shit would have never helped me. You'll find something out there that will be a perfect fit for you. .
Good on you for posting here instead of drinking -- I won't drink with you today. I also think you did the right thing by researching Physical Therapy before you spent a bunch of money on a degree that won't work for you. Sometimes finding the path you aren't going to take is just as valuable as discovering the right path. I for one tried many different jobs (and got fired from most of them) before stumbling on something that mostly works for me. 
I noticed after about a month of sobriety the insane internal dialogue filled with hate and insecurity subsided a lot!  Hang in there. 
I'm here browsing instead of drinking. Slowly finding (after 45 minutes) that this is the better of the two options.
