-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dgc59/my_willpower_is_not_enough_i_need_help/

When I wanted to stop drinking I was amazed and frightened to discover that my  Willpower  alone was not enough for me to stop.  I noticed I was  drinking a little more than I had ; I noticed  well I'm drinking a little more frequently .  I didn't really have a  problem' I was just drinking a little more.  But hey if you had MY challenges you would too!   In the morning I told myself  tonight I won't have a glass of wine.   Somehow later that evening I'm having a glass of wine.  Well maybe a bottle of wine.  (Don't want it to oxygenate and grow acidic do I?).  Then I'd say  well tomorrow I wont' have a drink.   Then when tomorrow became today there mysteriously was a glasss in my hand!  Who put that there!?  Yes  will  was not enough for me.  Let to me and Will Will and I would drink...All my life the force of my  Will  had (in my mind at least) been responsible for the successes I accumulated and enjoyed.  College numerous graduate schools jobs profession careers financial accumulations marriage homes  LIFE :  directly responsible to  ME .  Yet I  wanted' to stop drinking but couldn't.  .Why couldn't I do it through the force of my  Will ?  I discovered that  willpower  is Necessary but Not Sufficent...My Willpower is  Necessary  but not  Sufficient.  Sometimes people get these erroneously reversed. If my willpower has limitations; then there are  people places and things  for which my willpower is not  sufficient.  Here's a simple analogy. Having the capability to  steer  my car is necessary for me to be a  good driver.  However Steering is  Not Sufficient  for me to be a good driver. I have to have additional capabilities such as ability to read and respond to traffic signals/signs; knowledge of appropriate throttle application; concept of braking distances. Steering is necessary but not sufficient. Agree?..Epistemologically this is noted  P  is a necessary condition for  Q . Further  Q  cannot be true unless  P  is true. Let p= steering and q=good driver. I can't be a  good driver  if I can't steer appropriately; however just being able to steer well does not make me a good driver by itself. Further  Q  cannot be true if  P  is false. (I cannot be a  good driver' if I cannot steer appropriately)...Yes I had to use my willpower to decide not to drink. It was  necessary  to make that choice. It was not **sufficient** to get me sober however. I needed MORE than just a decision not to drink. I needed additional tools and skills and support (just like a driver needs more than  just steering'). I needed my decision (necessary but not sufficient) plus some other  necessary  inputs (people programs resources AA higher power etc.)...Some people want to stop drinking. Some people decide to stop drinking. And it's not sufficient. Witness how many people post everyday  badge reset please!   I relapsed .  I'm back to zero again.  Empirically I hope we will all agree those data exist?..So I had to acknowledge that Willpower is necessary but not sufficient.  I'm grateful that resources existed such as meetings fellowship AA SMART etc. ..My brother wanted to stop drinking. He too had accomplished everything to that point in his life through his willpower. However it was not sufficient to successfully stop drinking. You can read here where [He Shot Himself in the Head](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46kenl/buried_my_brother_please_reach_out_to_loved_ones/) 6 weeks ago. Willpower is Necessary but NOT Sufficient.  What do YOU think?..Peace be with You.  Thanks for being here for me today...Just for Today I Don't Drink with You!.
----------immediate responses--------

This is such a powerful post because it is credibly based on your experiences in recovering from this intractable disease.  Thank you.
Great post!..Alcoholism is a disease.  And like any disease it requires a treatment.    Willpower is not a treatment...Active participation in SD or AA or SMART or counseling are forms of treatment.
Thank you I am just learning this. I have been trying with willpower meetings sponsor therapist even my doctor. But without help from a power greater than myself I still kid myself thinking I can have a couple of beers as long as I am not drinking vodka. I have been told that I might can get away with it for awhile but it will eventually lead me back to the way my life was. I have to accept I can never drink any alcohol again. That's hard for me to admit. But if willpower was all I needed my life would never had gotten so unmanageable. I have many accomplishments and with the accept ion of being an alcoholic I have a great life. I have to give up to win... Isn't it ironic?
Thanks for this post. I really like the analogy of steering the car vs. doing everything else you need to do in order to drive a car successfully. I totally agree - willpower is *necessary* but not *sufficient.* ..The great thing about not just relying on willpower for me is that I'm not constantly analyzing whether or not my willpower is up to the task and feeling anxious/guilty that it's not. I'm no longer depending completely on myself for my sobriety and thus actually starting to respect myself more. Weird but true. By admitting that I need help I'm not saying that I'm helpless; I'm just opening myself up to the possibility of using more tools from the toolbox of sobriety. And those tools (SD AA sober friends changing my routines reading about addiction and sobriety etc.) are making me more effective at making healthy choices. Like not drinking.
I was feeling shitty about confiding in my partner and parents like they will judge me or they will worry. But this made me realize that by telling them I've given myself extra tools in this fight. I don't want to let them down I don't want them to worry and I know they will hold me accountable. Thank you. 
Good post.  Willpower without action is just wishing.  I think there's a difference between willpower and just really really wanting something.  I really wanted to be sober for a while but I didn't want to stop drinking in order to do it.  Willpower was when I was willing to go to meetings every day for 90 days even when I wasn't sleeping at night and didn't see the point.  After a few months willpower has little to do with it for me.  I don't want to drink so there's no compelling urge that I need to resist.
Thank you for posting. I am finding my will power is a want-to power but it must have support from other sobernauts or the beast sneaks back in. 
I complete agreed with you...My willpower is making me not drinking tonight... BUT... this group stories texts (like yours now) are really making me not drinking NOW and tonight...And if one day this start to stop to work I won't think twice about go to a meeting. ..My Willpower has faild me before...Thanks for your words
Hey PG! Glad you posted this from our conversation this past weekend to give it more exposure. I've been thinking a lot about what you said and it has definitely brought me a new perspective to what others are going through when they stop drinking...I know I'm definitely in the minority in not needing extensive support to stop drinking. In fact I don't even think it comes down to willpower anymore. I like to take willpower completely out of the equation. I made a decision to not drink and now its not even something I would ever consider doing. To me its kind of like acting with integrity. Integrity is one of my highest values I have made the decision to always act with integrity and nothing will prevent me from doing otherwise. Its not like I have to use willpower to prevent me from stealing when I go into each and every store for the rest of my life. I don't steal I am a person of integrity its just who I am. Likewise I don't drink its just who I am. ..All the best my friend! Happy to see the many paths we all have to reach that one common goal: to stop drinking and lead more fulfilling lives.
Outstanding post! Bravo.
Thank you for clarifying this important distinction. I sometimes struggle with "giving in" and "giving up" my willpower. What I need to remember is that it's not abandoning myself it's allowing myself to be in the proper place. 
