-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dk0s8/im_going_through_the_motions_of_a_normal_drinker/

Hey guys this is my first ever post here. ..I'm fairly young I think (22) for someone with a drinking problem but I started drinking pretty much daily when I turned 21 and couldn't stop. I should have graduated from college in 3 1/2 years but now here I am finishing out my fifth year in college and I'm just now about to graduate. I have destroyed multiple romantic and platonic relationships because I put alcohol over all else. I know I haven't been problem drinking for as long as a lot of people who come here for help but my overall point I think is that I feel that my life has been dominated by alcohol for the past two years not to mention addiction runs in my family and I feel like I've quit but at the same time not quit...Anyway a few months back I was fired from a job that I really liked for drinking and since then I've drank a total of 3 times while also attending AA meetings and biweekly counseling sessions in addition to one group meeting that is not affiliated with AA. My relapses are always a few weeks apart and have not exceeded 6 drinks which is a marked departure from my habitual drinking. Since I've been doing relatively "well" it's been tempting for me to start to thinking about myself as a "normal" drinker again. I've been doing well in class I function I spend time having sober fun and hainging out with my friends roommates and girlfriend but I have yet to quit drinking...And that for me is dangerous. I can tell by the way I think about alcohol. I can tell by the way that I engineer the situations in which I'm able to drink freely. And I can tell that this period of relative stability won't last. ..So I'd like to ask the more experienced members of this subreddit for advice: What steps do you think I should take in order to finally cut the cord and finally quit cold turkey? Like I said I've been managing to drink (in secret) about once a month but I'd like to just come to a full stop; it's not worth it for me anymore. I just can't seem to manage it. ..Thanks in advance if you read that bumbling rant and any advice at all would be much appreciated and very welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi..I don't have anything super smart to say except that you are correct in thinking that you won't be able to manage it if you are an alcoholic...I just read this excerpt from the big book on this subject so I'll share it with you:.."Most of us have been unwilling to admit we were real alcoholics. No person likes to think he is bodily  and  mentally  different  from  his  fellows. Therefore it is not surprising that our drinking careers have  been  characterized  by  countless  vain  attempts to  prove  we  could  drink  like  other  people.  The  idea that  somehow  someday  he  will  control  and  enjoy  his drinking  is  the  great  obsession  of  every  abnormal drinker.  The persistence  of  this  illusion  is  astonishing...Many  pursue  it  into  the  gates  of  insanity  or  death. We  learned  that  we  had  to  fully  concede  to  our  innermost  selves  that  we  were  alcoholics.  This  is  the first  step  in  recovery.  The  delusion  that  we  are  like other people or presently may be has to be smashed."..I don't think that there's a magic trick to quitting. You just have to make that decision and use your willpower. Support groups such as AA can help you and in fact maybe that's the sort of the thing that you could discuss there (and here too of course!).
During an earlier 6-year period of not drinking there were a few times I cheated. These were times when I was traveling alone on business and could "get away" with it. In retrospect I realize that I had focused on not drinking rather than on being a sober person. ..This time my goal was to live as a sober person. Not just stop drinking. Not drinking was the first step each day. Having an open mind to understand why I drank--and more generally what was up with me a male who's been providing and being an emotional stoic for decades--all that helped me become sober. I'm not doing without anything I want now. ..I didn't go to AA but saw a counselor and just really had to stop my misery. Having that goal of becoming a sober person and all that meant--that was what changed things for me...I realize this is pretty abstract in response to your question. More concretely I'd suggest you look at the circumstances in which you're likely to drink and then make specific plans around those circumstances to defeat them. For example I used to drink while cooking dinner. Part of my plan to defeat this was to avoid buying food (and booze) after work; snacking before I came home; and allowing myself to eat fine chocolate while I was cooking dinner. Having that plan in my back pocket--so that I *wouldn't* have to decide whether or not to drink in the moment of temptation--helped a lot. ..So since you asked for advice: Make a plan for what you will do the next time you feel like drinking. Then do that plan without thinking. Don't decide whether it's a good idea in the moment. Do it no matter what and sort it out later...I wish you well. That's a tough question of yours.
I resolved to put as much time as possible between me and my last drink. I set myself sober goals in 30 day increments so I hit 30 60 90 120 days. I completed a cost-benefit analysis chart: Costs of drinking Benefits of drinking Costs of not drinking benefits of not drinking - that was really useful to me as it showed me the costs were long-reaching across all aspects of my life and the "benefits" transient at best...During that time I reflected a lot on here and there were some fundamental changes that helped me. I worked to remove alcohol from my reward system - from your word choice it sounds to me like alcohol is still very much in your reward system. Freedom for me is being sober alcohol is a poison to me it robs me of my own life.  ..It took me four months to embrace abstinence as the best way for me to stay things got much easier for me at that point and I really set about building up a good balance of things into my sober life.  I act on my long-term commitments and goals not on short-term sabotaging impulses. When alcohol is in my life it's at  its center I prefer to stay present and in my own driving seat.
Congratulations on making the conscious decision to make a positive change in your life.  I'm sorry to hear that you've had some challenges but try to look at them not as failures but instead as learning opportunities; what works what doesn't work what triggers and what bad situations are for you...If I was to recommend some things for you:..- get rid of any alcohol you may have.  Sounds really simple but what it does is it creates a barrier between you and alcohol.  You consciously have to seek it out if you want to have a drink...- get counselling.  AA is great but by the sounds of things isn't quite working for you right now.  Try some one on one counselling.  In this way things are tailored towards you and you may be able to get a better handle on what triggers you how to manage yourself etc..- remember cravings last about 15 minutes.  Find things you can do to get you through those 15 minutes.  Go for a walk go to the gym play video games call a friend try mindfulness whatever you can think of...That's all I can think of at the moment.  I hope you find this helpful.  Good luck!
