-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dn1ie/i_need_to_reach_out_and_admit_that_maybe_i_have_a/

My husband and I are so tired of our drinking and the fact that we can't make it one evening without saying "Wanna go get a drink from the store?" I swear we've spent just as much on bottles of wine and beer as we have on groceries. ..We drink as soon as we put our toddler son to bed and it's our 'relaxation' time. It's even more difficult because people we know drink like it's going out of style. Visiting family and it's always been "Come over and we'll get drunk and chat!" ..My brother was an alcoholic. He struggled so bad worse than I ever knew. He was killed last year in a motorcycle accident. My uncles cousins and other family members have admitted they all have issues (with drinking or pain medicine)...I can't stop myself this time around from the "Come on...it's been a long day! Just one drink!" thoughts. I feel so bad because I know I can be free of it (I was sober for my entire pregnancy and for many months after.) ..This is me understanding that I need to stop lurking from time to time and really be more active in this community to help keep me on track. ..**Edit: My badge is going to be reset back to zero because today I start fresh.** 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you on the reset.  In addition to the [Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) staying in the here-and-now I needed to bear in mind: my sobriety is not dependent on what others do or don't do--my sobriety is my priority.  While it would be ideal to live in a non-drinking house this will only work if I keep my commitment to myself irrespective of what my SO does or doesn't do relative to drinking.  Good luck.
It can be rough but with a few weeks sobriety under belt I'm living and loving life. If it surrounds you so much there's no shame in going hermit mode for a couple weeks (or months) drying out and getting stronger in your resolve. No means no.
This sounds a lot like myself and my husband. I'm not an expert but a few things are working for me in regards to our similarities:..- I told my boozy family that I wouldn't be drinking anymore at our weekly dinners. I always host so I stopped buying wine and beer. ..- I separated my husband's drinking problem from my own completely.  His drinking (or not drinking) had zero influence on my daily decisions. It wasn't a team effort between us because that had been a failing plan for the last 10 years. My sobriety was more important than my marriage. ...- I realized after a few days that putting the toddler to bed was a trigger for me as well. It made me impatient and easily frustrated when bedtime would take longer than usual. Now that I'm not counting down the seconds until she falls asleep to have a drink I can relax and use that time laying with her to daydream or plan what I'll do for the rest of the evening. I don't know if she falls asleep easier now or not  but it honestly doesn't even phase me now if bedtime takes an hour. ..I'm glad you're still here and posting. I think both of our kids deserve sober parents and I know I'm going to do my best to make that happen. I definitely will not be having a drink tonight. Join me? ..
I drink by myself even before the kids showered. I don't remember half the evening. So I am changing it I want to be present for my kids.
I am the M part of a couple trying to create a new sober life.  It took us 18+ years to get to where my badge is today.  8 weeks sober yay!  I don't know what clicked this time but we are both finally on board and helping each other instead of being codependent and sabotaging each attempt.  Like I said I don't know what makes this time different from all of our other previous attempts.  Good luck with your progress it means everything to your future.
I recently remembered - and told my wife - that years before the "on the ground" struggle began I wanted to stop.  But I knew if I told her then the gig would be up and/or that I'd be watched much more closely.  ..I couldn't do it that way and it resulted in a LOT of pain and suffering for me and those around me.  Wish I would've let the cat out of the bag much earlier than taking it to the point I couldn't conceal said cat any longer!
One thing that really helped me was honesty with myself.  My alcoholic brain would say:."Come on just one drink" But it was never just one..So when that thought used to come I'd stop myself and say:.."What do I really want"...And the truthful answer was always "10 drinks"...The only thing one drink ever did for me is make me want another.  ...So I stay away from that first drink and all is well.  ...P.s. Having young kids is exhausting.  But you'll be surprised at how much energy that daily drinking is sucking away.   .Next time instead of grabbing the drink once the little ones are down.  Try going to bed yourselves and grabbing a few extra hours of good sleep. .. 
