-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4do0wh/so_a_former_oxycontin_addict_just_told_me_how_bad/

This person doesn't know I'm an alcoholic.  He has been clean and sober for 8 years and doing really well.  He's also my employee...Anyway I couldn't help but ask "Ummm... not to be an asshole but you feel bad for people who struggle with alcohol?  Weren't you essentially living on a mattress in a stranger's garage after you lost everything to what's basically synthetic heroin???...  Why do you feel especially bad for people facing issues with alcohol?"..I really wasn't trying to be rude but we know each other well enough and his statement just seemed bizarre given what he had gone through.  Anyway he went on to explain that alcohol is literally everywhere.  He pointed to one store and three restaurants on the exact same street of our office that serve alcohol.  He said he never had to face the prospect of Oxycontin being served at the company Holiday party or "meeting up for a couple pills" on a first date.  Basically an addict can get their DOC of choice if they want it bad enough but with alcohol there is literally *no* barrier in place provided a person is over 21 (in the US)...I don't know... not really sure where I'm going with this.  It was just such an interesting thing to hear from an entirely different perspective.  .....
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I have also heard that before as well.  Is that friend of yours sober from alcohol as well? Because I have friends who are sober entirely but whose main drug was opiates.  And they tell me the same thing. Even though they also do not drink alcohol - that was not their main drug anyways.  They face alcohol a lot too and do not drink - but they are grateful that that was not their main drug and that they do not have to see their drug all over the place or see people using their drug all over the place. Makes sense to me. 
That is an interesting perspective and so true. Sometimes I wish my drug of choice wasn't the one thing that is so readily available although if it wasn't I would probably just get fucked up on whatever was the easiest to get a hold of...I don't know if this is true everywhere or just around here (southern US) but it seems recently there is a skyrocketing trend of young women especially young mothers who drink wine daily. I see memes on Facebook all the time about wine being "mommy's juice" etc. It is so odd to think about. I'm sure most of these girls aren't chugging a bottle or more a night but it's still really weird to me that it's jokes about and brought up on social media so often. It makes my own drinking that much easier to rationalize.
He's not wrong.  I was at a party just this weekend not even a "party" party just a potluck with some friends and their kids.  And I had to actually explain that I wasn't drinking which got into why etc.  I ended up leaving early because someone brought a bunch of really yummy looking hard lemonade and I was tempted to try "just a little."..If I was addicted to just about anything else that's probably the LAST place I'd worry about struggling with willpower.
I was just saying basically the same thing about people with eating disorders last night. Same line of reasoning... I can quit having anything to do with alcohol but they can't quit having a relationship with food. I understand your friend's point of view entirely.
I appreciate his perspective and you for sharing it here.  I've often thought/felt the same way throughout my 24-year plight with (and currently slow recovery from ) C2H60 addiction.  FFS I was trying to buy toilet paper and Ajax on a weekday morning at Target the other week and I had to struggle past an unexpected wine island in my face.  Fucking shopping for household supplies at TARGET stuck a stressor/trigger in my face.  Blimps and airplane banners advertising all manner of booze fly past me in L.A.  It's a filthy dirty cunning baffling powerful and totally legal (only because it's so easily regulate-able = taxable IMHO) drug that's not that all easy to ignore or avoid seeing.  I can think of 8 places within 120 seconds of my house right now that'll accept a credit card from me for it.
I think the social acceptability of alcohol is one of the reasons many alcoholics are so shocked and surprised when they realize they have a problem. Interesting post! 
Good point. It's everywhere. On one of my business women's group a glass of wine seems to be the answer for a tough day/situation especially close to Friday. Gets annoying...prob I am jealous...wine was never my drink of choice though so that helps. Alcohol is a strange creature. Socially acceptable on so many fronts but God forbid it gets a hold on you...completely NOT socially acceptable understandable or forgivable to much of Society. Apparently even Starbucks is now going to be selling alcohol soon in Eastern Canada. Prob doesn't really matter what my drug of choice is in the long run...I would know where to find it. Here's to being sober and not taking a drink today wherever I may see it offered.
This is my biggest problem right now- quitting drinking was easy (for me) but resisting the social pressures is almost impossible... Its everywhere and it's normal. That is my biggest struggle/downfall right now is resisting social alcohol. ..Its relatively easy for me (thank God) to not stop at the liquor store or to not go down the wine isle. Its even pretty easy to make up an excuse to not go out for drinks with guys from work. But it's impossible for me to resist when a girl I'm interested in suggests a we get some beers. I can't say no. I know a couple beers isn't the end of the world but I still hate myself for it.
Devils advocate response:  drugs are everywhere too if you know where to find them.  I have never met a drug addict that could not get hooked up at any hour of the day if they needed it.  My childhood best friend loves the pills and coke.  He chose to hang out with people that were like him.  He was constantly surrounded with his drug of choice.  I feel beating an addiction to drugs or alcohol is basically the same.  Gotta be a change of lifestyle and crowd.  Just my opinion.
[deleted]
Opiate addiction has one of the highest relapse rates for people trying to recover. It's true that alcohol is everywhere but I think the big thing is that switch in your head. If you want a drug you are going to get it some how...If I were him I would let the alcoholics worry about themselves and just concentrate on my own problem.
[deleted]
When I was in rehab I had people coming down from all kinds of drugs tell me that they were thankful they weren't withdrawing like I was. ..And that's a great point about alcohol being served socially - People think of it so casually when to us it's literally life or death. I have similar sympathy for people who have problems with food addictions and losing weight. I can choose to never drinking alcohol again but you have to eat to stay alive. That's hard.
Recovery from eating disorders must also be very hard since you can't just go my life works better without food in it and I am going to just do that one day at a time.
[deleted]
This entire thread moves me greatly.  I contradict my own self all the time which is why I've been keenly watching this discussion digesting what everybody has to say and--  ya know?  I agree with everything back and forth across all the lines.  It's just so good to hear.  Thank you :-)
That's so weird. I was just talking to someone about this today. Not Oxycontin specifically but how it's virtually impossible to avoid alcohol and other addicts don't really have this problem. Hell you're not even allowed to smoke in a lot of places and a lot of store have just stopped carrying cigarettes all together. Those stores still sell booze though.
with alcohol your dealer is around the corner on every corner and he accepts credit. 
Also hard drug addicts do not tend to have people who they respect and look up to as role models constantly socially pressuring them to partake in their vice. The hardest part for me was and is the awkwardness in forcefully saying no to drinks. People may understand that you dont want a drink with dinner etc but if its a special occasion its so easy for people to be insistent on having a celebratory/toast shot. 
A coke addict I spoke with on Reddit said the same especially here in the UK the drinking culture is everywhere and you're encouraged to drink whenever it's a public holiday etc. There's so many adverts for alcohol 24/7 and SO MANY PUBS! It was so difficult to get away from. 
[deleted]
When I first sobered up I spent a lot of time "cleaning up" my Facebook feed by hiding all the updates from bars craft breweries and whiskey distillers. It took the algorithm a while to learn not to show me sponsored content too. ..It really is everywhere.
I've always found myself grateful to be an alcoholic in respect to cross addiction. I've met many people who end up relapsing on alcohol after getting sober from heroin or amphetamines because "alcohol was never my problem". Then in a short period they are worse than ever whether they end up back on their DOC or not. So I'm grateful for my alcoholism because I can't really say "you know what just alcohol was my problem. I'll bet I can use heroin like a normal person." That is obvious to me that it will end badly. While on the flip side after being addicted to "hard drugs" alcohol seems like a reasonable alternative to many people. ..Definitely an interesting post. I've heard very similar comments from people with different addictions.
Take it for what it is.  A recovering person showing empathy.  What's up with you?  Why is this an issue?  Seems straightforward.
Ex-oxy user and current alcoholic here. When I decided to quit oxy I always had the reassurance of "Where the hell would I get some anyway?" Especially after changing towns and you don't know "that crowd." I would say this is correct. I would have dreams of taking those pills. I would miss taking one after work and eating a sour dough jack and vegging in front of Columbo. But the lack of access really made it manageable even during the worst of cravings. Now I barely even think about it. ..When I quit I slowly but surely replaced it with alcohol. I did manage to quit smoking though. So hey two down and one to go. 
Along similar lines I think people with eating disorders have an especially tough row to hoe. It's possible to just STOP DRINKING. You can't really stop eating. How hard would it be to kick drinking if you HAD to have a couple of drinks every day?
Totally true.  Alcohol was definitely the hardest drug for me to quit.  I could say no to cocaine and meth not a beer. 
