-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dqfih/two_weeks_without_drinking/

These days have been tough. is true are just past 15 days but sometimes have seemed eternal. fight every day with the urge to drink and those who try to buy me a drink and looks at me in a bad way because I do not drink. every day is a struggle with tremors and panic attacks..these days without drinking I found that to make friends who share my ideas do not need to drink it's nice to have a conversation with someone with a clear head..They are small things that might seem silly but I had no more than five years..I have not told anyone that I decided to stop drinking and I follow the meetings of AA. well then I've also found a group of Italian AA who meet on skipe with fixed weekly meetings..Thanks to anyone who will read
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Nurse maybe you should just tell your friends that you don't want to drink alcohol anymore. Threre is absolutely nothing to be ashamed of and it Will make Life a lot easier. Also go out and do fun stuff and meet up with friends who dont neccesarily drink to have fun. I found out that such people actualy exist!.Anyway dont give up now it will inkt become easier!
Eccellente! Oggi non berremo insieme...
Great post.  Fight every day and trust that with sustained time sober it gets easier and trust that the life after booze is well worth living.
Agguri! (6 years married to an Italian and that's pretty much the extent of my Italian ;) )..I can understand not telling your friends but you would be surprised at how much they actually understand!  I didn't think mine would (especially since they were as big drinkers as I was) but they were totally sympathetic and encouraging.
I really admire your honesty here!  I think it bodes well for you.  ..For me I did not put myself in situations where people could offer me drinks in early sobriety period.  
be honest with people who do not know it's easier. I have one friend who is a teetotaler others I met at the bar and I'd like to spend an evening with them in a room where there is no alcohol. try to figure out who they are. now I see my social relationships in a different light.
