-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4drn9y/dating_without_drinking/

I have recently become single and more recently quit drinking after struggling with substance abuse for about 6 years. I have only been sober for 25 days but I am comfortable in continuing sobriety...A little background is I am a 29 year old male. My friends and coworkers are all frequent drinkers...Now that I am going on dates and meeting new people I am finally realizing how almost every social meeting involves drinking...Currently I am telling people that I am not drinking because I am on a diet (I am involved in fitness and weight training). I use this because I simply am a private person who does not wish to disclose that I have a drinking problem...I have met someone who I have gone on several dates with and every time he brings up me not drinking. I feel like I am a bit of a let down as having a few drinks would always work well for breaking the ice when it came to meeting people. ..We are getting together tonight and apparently it is national beer day (what chance!). Anyhow I have stated that I am still dieting and not drinking...Does anyone have any tips on how to navigate dating meeting new people while maintaining sobriety without disclosing your alcoholism?..Sorry if this question has been already asked I am new to this.
----------immediate responses--------

Despite my reservations I just tell people that I don't drink anymore.  People seldom ask why or even care much (surprisingly) but when they do I just tell them I feel better when I don't drink.  People are less interested in my drinking habits than I expected. People are used to it now and don't find it remarkable that I'm not drinking.  Maybe transition from the "diet" excuse to say that you've found you feel a lot better when you don't drink and decided to give it up altogether.  
[deleted]
"I don't drink". If the other person is bothered by this we wouldn't work out anyway.
My go to is "I decided to cut back then I decided that zero was much easier than 1"...It's 100% true (I don't divulge that I thought I needed to cut back dozens of times and always failed) and it hints that this *may* be a bit of a problem for me without saying "Hey World I'm an Alcoholic!"...Best of luck.-punnyboy
If I found myself newly single and newly sober I would focus on my sobriety first. Once I was comfortable with who I was sober then I would start dating. 
There is a very good reason why the most successful and happy people I know in recovery strongly discourage dating in early recovery.  
I think about this often!!! I'm like how will I possibly date anyone without drinking! Like who would be okay with that?? ..I don't know I am still in early sobriety and am working on getting comfortable with being me. But I am sure there are people out there for us!..That should be a new standard! If they don't like that we don't drink be gone with them. We only need positivity in our lives...Start looking for healthier people!! You got this &lt;3
I've been married for 10yrs together 13 so probably no room to talk. But I used bars and drinks as a date in my 20s and when I see these types of posts I ask myself what did I do in High School before that was even an option? As an angsty teen that usually meant coffee. And I gotta say the idea of a date sitting on a bench beside a duck pond in front of fountain walking a park realky appeals to me. 
I'm 34 and Ive never dated anyone who drank. There are way more people out there who don't really care about drinking than you think. You just have to get more creative than meeting up at a bar or restaurant.
I dated a lot when I was drinking and got divorced few years back.  It was super easy to break the ice getting drunk with the blind dates.  Now I've only been on a few dates sober and it's awkward especially if they drink.  Last one I went on she showed up an hour late because she was hungover...so ya that didn't work out.  I did go on a date with a girl a few times sober and she stayed sober.  It was ok.  Things don't move as fast when I am sober ie no one ends up in bed or getting all touchy feely fast like in the old days.  I'm ok with that.  I guess I'm getting to know people in a different way.  I can't really explain how to date sober since I never did it.  I even asked my ex-wife to marry me DRUNK.  
[removed]
