-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ds9ur/hit_my_bottom/

Just feeling the need to share. I know some of you know me around here and I keep relapsing. I'm embarrassed to be starting again but so it goes.. I was hoping for a "bottom" because I just want to be done. I hate this. .Yesterday my bottom happened when I was sober but then I drank and now I feel like shit. .I'm a mom to the coolest 2 year old little boy and we had the hardest day ever yesterday. We also just had to stop nursing because of a medication I got put on so having to stop so abruptly has made me a huge hormonal mess. .I broke down and just bawled yesterday. In front of him. He rubbed my arm and said "it's ok." Which is bringing me to tears right now because 1. he should never have to see me that way especially at this age and 2. he is so compassionate..I was awful to him yesterday. I just couldn't deal and I didn't know what to do and I lashed out with words and anger. I feel like the worst person in the world today. .When my husband got home from work I binged on a ton of beer (not around my son went to a friends)..But today looking back I wish I would have stayed home and held my son. I keep thinking about "you'll never wish you had drank when you wake up in the morning." .I'm done. This is it. Hold me to it. I am ready to give life my best shot and quit hiding in my addiction. It's not me. I want to be me and be free!! 
----------immediate responses--------

Go forward.  Be the best you can be!  You're doing it.  Went out AND came right back.  It's just today NOW.  YEsterday's past.  ..Just today.  You've got it!
Hi drinking mom here too just reset my badge. I also have small children. .I still have my hourly chart going to take the evenings one hour at a time. Hope to see you here tomorrow!
I relapsed a great number of times before I really got serious about my sobriety. Each time I learned more and more. I now know there is no circumstance in which I can drink for any reason. When I accepted that fact I felt a lot of immediate relief even though I knew the journey forward from there would not always be easy. As u/prevenient_grace says it's all about this one single day. I will not drink with you today!
I started drinking basically as soon as my youngest weaned. The emotions were a beast to deal with and I thought I could numb them with booze. Turns out I would have been much better off just eating more chocolate and taking more baths! I will not drink with you today. 
Another drinking mum here sorry to hear you had such a rough day. The guilt we can feel as parents sometimes can be crippling but it really sounds like you are doing a great job to be raising such an empathetic little guy..Stopping is hard but I'm nine days in and already feeling the benefits; more patience with my kids better sleep feeling less bloated and the list goes on. You have all that ahead of you so hang in there!!.Try and be kind to yourself and congratulations on two years of nursing :)
You reach bottom when you stop digging. I'm glad that this situation will be motivating for you. From my experience each relapse gets worse and the bottom gets lower. Don't be embarrassed about relapsing. Lots of us have done it repeatedly. I'm just glad you are still here!
How are you doing /u/mermaidtales?
