-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dtsj3/sleeping_too_much/

I've been in and out of sobriety since my major relapse after 7 months sober back in August.  I've been really struggling with falling asleep at night as my mind races a million miles an hour.  When I do pass out I end up sleeping for 12+ hours with no control over getting up.  Has anyone else experienced this in their first few months of sobriety?  I just feel so lethargic and out of it.  I'm wasting away behind closed eyes BUT I can't drink while I'm sleeping so that's cool.  Any advice?  I'm desperate to get into a routine.  ..I will not drink today.  
----------immediate responses--------

I had a fucked up sleep schedule for the first three weeks. Try melatonin? 
Me! I use melatonin to go to sleep also my therapist taught me a "container"trick. ..When I go to bed you take all those things that are making my mind race and imagine a container (for me is a storm cellar). I picture my self opening it and putting all those things in it. Then I imagine closing it and locking it (for me I imagine putting it in a box on a shelf and locking red doors)and walking off. ..It is like giving myself permission to let things go and ouch then up another time. ..My first few weeks sober I napped a lot. Also 2 months in I went from only sleeping 3-4 hours at a time to 10-12. This is what she taught me to get back on track...I also started turning lights off little by little as the night goes on (9 kitchen light10 living room light 11 TV &amp;computer off). Caffeine may be a factor for you as well. ..Good luck!! &amp; congrats on your sobriety
when my drinking was at its heaviest my sleep schedule was totally fucked when I decided to get sober. same thing mind racing unable to shut my brain off and get some rest. ..try relaxation techniques. meditation deep stretching hot baths all before bed. when even melatonin or kava tea wouldn't help I'd resort to diphenhydramine tablets or zzzquil. it really helped and didn't leave me groggy in the morning...the lethargy during the day is really difficult for me still. staying hydrated and eating well are paramount to combating it. ..but take naps when you need to. sober living means our bodies are healing themselves and our bodies do that best when we're sleeping...not drinking with you today!! 
Melatonin.....and playing relaxation sounds on my laptop.....thunderstorms crashing waves nature sounds.....that really helped.
This is the time to be gentle with yourself. If you need 12 hours of sleep right now then maybe you should just sleep 12 hours. It's been my experience that if I listen to my body's cues it will tell me it's needs. Part of my alcoholism has been ignoring what I actually need for a long time. Best of luck!
I like to use sleep meditation music on my phone next to my pillow. I focus on my breathing and try to quiet my mind. Whenever a thought comes I try to "shush" it by listening to my breathing and the music. .Also rather than thinking about not being able to sleep I tell myself that lying quietly and trying to sleep is similar to actually sleeping and I trick my brain which ultimately results in sleep. .Keep the caffeine to a minimum and don't drink it after 2 or 3 pm. .Good luck.
I also take melatonin. I used to take sleeping pills but my tolerance grew too quickly and I feared I'd have an accident...Not to diagnose you from my couch but what you're describing sounds like depression especially the bit about difficulty waking up. I would've described my sleeping pattern and energy levels very similarly to what you posted. After quitting drinking I went to a therapist for the first time and was diagnosed with major depressive disorder. ..I'm not saying any of this applies to you. Just some food for thought...I won't drink today with you.
I'm struggling with this too I seem to sleep 12+ hours and find it really hard to wake up just want to say I'm in a similar place I relapsed in August after 6 months of sobriety adjusting to healthy sleep pattern is tough people have been telling me that maybe my body just needs the rest! 
