-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dyvp1/feeling_weak/

Hi old friends..It's been a little while. I've been 81 days without a drink and for the most part it's been a really positive experience. I've lost over 20 pounds I've been going to the gym 6 days a week and am looking much better I have had much less anxiety my blood pressure is back to normal I have more money in my bank account etc. ..After the initial two weeks things started to get easier. By the time I finished my first sober vacation at about 4 weeks in I was just cruising. I could do almost anything without craving a drink and while I had the odd moment of longing for a drink I was able to easily dismiss it. ..Then I started thinking and planning. About a week and a half ago I caught myself starting to think about how maybe I wouldn't stop drinking forever. Maybe I would get through a year sober and then I could try only drinking on special occasions. I told myself that I would just drink on my birthday christmas and my 1 holiday I take annually. 3 times a year couldn't hurt and wouldn't be frequent enough to reignite physical addiction. I told myself that I could control the potential mental addiction this might reignite. ..As you know I am not even 3 months in and my birthday is in May so we're talking about planning to drink in 13 full months from now. It seemed pretty harmless to consider this possibility. And while I know the slippery slope "just drinking on special occasions" could cause it didn't seem harmful to just entertain those thoughts in the back of my mind for a bit. But this initial consideration that I may drink alcohol again in the future planted some sort of seed in my mind and it's spread like cancer through all of my thoughts faster than I could ever imagine. ..By Tuesday I was down to thinking maybe i'll just have some drinks on my birthday THIS year (only 100 days into sobriety!!!). I had a dream that I was drinking on Wednesday night and woke up feeling relief and NOT the terror and guilt these dreams used to cause me. I was out for dinner with my family last night (Thursday) and I truly nearly said yes when the waiter came up and asked if I wanted a drink. I then spent the next 20 minutes with my mind racing back and forth like a pendulum - ranging from "OK next time the waiter comes back i'm going to just order a drink" to "NO! I need to get through tonight but i'll drink on my birthday" to "STOP! I know I can't drink at all and I need to stop telling myself I can" and back again. ..It's now Friday night and while I don't have plans to drink right now I'm still obsessing. What the HELL is wrong with me?? How could it go from feeling so simple to consider my drinking days behind me to on the cusp of relapse. After all the progress I've made. ..Because this decline has been so steep I am really concerned about where I'm going to net out. I feel strong enough to say no today but I no longer feel strong enough to guarantee I'll be able to keep saying no. I know I only have to take it one day at a time but what if I don't get back to feeling more comfortable in my sober skin again before it's too late? ..Did anyone else have another really difficult period a few months into their sobriety? Does it get better again or am I headed for certain relapse? I'm going to hang in there but I'm scared. I'm coming here to confess and be honest with all of you because this has been the only thing to help me in the past. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am not going to drink TODAY and I have a plan to make the same decision tomorrow.  In this way I got to some 2400 continuous days of sobriety--staying in the NOW.  In fact anytime I contemplate some future date at which I wonder whether I might drink I've let my alcoholic thinking run amok.  My chief purpose in early sobriety is 1. to stop drinking and stay stopped; 2. address ways of thinking and hard wired default thinking that takes me back to drinking.   I accomplish this by my daily decision not to drink + recovery.  If I'm thinking about drinking I am not recovering.  So how would I address that?  I'd challenge my thinking just like you did with this honest post AND I'd get to some AA meetings.  Good luck.
Here's what happened to me.  Last February I decided I really needed to quit.  Although I had tried to take extended breaks in the past I had never made this serious an attempt.  This time I went to AA got a sponsor who I started calling daily etc.  Somewhere probably about three months in I started having the thoughts you've been having.  For me I decided to take the nice round number of one year and arbitrarily double it.  I decided I would allow myself to drink in two years.  I started fantasizing about how wonderful life would be in two years when I would've gotten in shape been very responsible for a long time saved money etc. and could finally drink.  In other words drinking became something I fantasized about again.  Well within a month or two I decided AA was no longer for me and I let my sponsor know.   And then after 7 months of sobriety I decided that I had already gone long enough.  And so I started drinking again.  Things got worse than they had ever been very quickly.  For me the sort of thoughts you're describing were not good.  I think I have two choices.  I either need to commit to never drinking ever again or I need to make the decision not to drink today and keep doing that.  The former is overwhelming to say the least.  The latter is what coolcrosby says he does and he has 2426 days.  So I'm trying that.
I'm with you man. Even though I don't feel the physical urge to drink. It's the mental need to drink that keeps me almost going back. I don't crave a drink my mind just keeps wanting one because it was such a habit that I still feel like something is missing if I'm not drinking...I'm only 2 months sober and that feeling seems like it never goes away. Just today I've been thinking about it just like I have since the beginning. It's fucking strange and I don't understand it. I always knew about the physical cravings and addiction but I was completely unaware of the mental or habit addiction and sometimes it drives me nuts. Not sure if that's the actual way to describe what I'm experiencing.
All of my relapses started *before* I picked up. Sometimes a day a week even a few weeks. I've heard it called "BUD-ding" Building Up to Drink. Nip it in the bud! Taking it day by day is much easier mentally for me right now. I'm not drinking today and I plan on taking the pledge tomorrow. Also I always added something to my metaphorical "tool kit" after every actual relapse. You might want to add something new now to prevent a relapse. Someone suggested meetings I personally love yoga and meditation. And don't forget to give yourself some self-care -- treat yourself to something nice every once in awhile for being good :) best wishes!
[deleted]
Going through the same exact thing you are going through RIGHT now and I don't even have 90 days yet.  Didn't drink yet but don't know what I'm going to do. I don't want to get rid of this progress but for a few reasons I'm depressed and I know drinking won't help but it's so hard to really get that through my brain. 
Maybe decide not to entertain those drink in the future thoughts and go back to the I won't drink today early sobriety routine...Think about your health friend.
