-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dz15u/an_addict_with_a_broken_heart_and_a_broken_life/

So I've relapsed again and this time it was BAD. I'm at a point in my life where literally everything has fallen apart because of my aclohol abuse but I can't stop drinking because I'm in so much pain. .This is the most heartbreaking thing I've ever been through in my life and I don't see myself recovering from it really. My relationship ended about six months ago and its completely destroyed me. I loved him a lot and its terrifying to think that he could be gone forever and that my life is about to drastically change because of it. This most recent drinking binge has just made things a whole lot worse between us and I've reached my breaking point. ..The way my life is now I can't envision a happy future without him not while I'm suffering from this addiction and living this shitty life as a result of it. That's why things have to change starting this very minute. ..Someone please just tell me that there's some hope in this situation and that things could be turned around. Tell me what to do..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Going by past experience breakups especially after months passed are final. I have an allowable grieving period but then I have to analyze and introspect on how everything came about and what are my areas of growth and how can I move on better and stronger than before?       ..You don't really say if alcohol was a cause or contentious issue but seems to be now. If you want to quit you can. But it isn't just quitting it's replacing the drinking with healthy productive habits. Areas of growth and all that. For me to quit I became very involved in StopDrinking. Sharing and posting. I tried AA and ultimately went with a personal therapist to help my inner struggles. I adopted a more positive outlook and developed healthy habits. I'm doing great and you can too. Just hang in there. 
I'm sorry you're in such a bad place. Getting sober first and foremost gave me the ability to tackle other issues that were going on in my life. Best wishes.
Sorry my friend.  I really wish you peace. 
There is hope. Just hang in there. A cliche but true: just take it one day at a time. If you choose not to drink we won't drink with you. You are not alone.
Just keep reading the posts here. They kept me sober and gave me inspiration/hope. I won't drink with you today.
This too shall pass. You are going to be okay. Your broken heart is tender and bruised. There's no sense in beating it down further by drinking because it will only hurt more. If you want to stop drinking then you can - with the right support structure you will. I found mine here in /r/stopdrinking about a month ago. Thanks to a single simple sentence from one of the commenters I ended up attending AA where I found an amazing community of honest and loving people who are helping me stay sober one day at a time. I now have as many days sober as I have had years of drinking. I'll join you for another 24 hours of sobriety. Thank you for sharing.
I see hope in this situation. Things got really bad before I finally quit drinking for good. It was absolutely horrible what I went through but it was also a catalyst for positive change...Sometimes as alcoholics we have to fall down hard before we are ready to pick ourselves up again...I truly believe that there is not a problem in our life that couldn't be made worse by alcohol. ..You can recover. And you're worth it!
&gt;The way my life is now I can't envision a happy future without him not while I'm suffering from this addiction and living this shitty life as a result of it. That's why things have to change starting this very minute...Regardless of if your relationship is salvagable or not you absolutely can and will be happy again as long as you are determined to make a change. You are a whole person all on your own. You are still alive and "where there is life there is hope." please take care of yourself. 
I'm sorry for what is happening in your life.  Hang in there.  Lean on friends family and this community.  This may be a seemingly insignificant suggestion but go to your local bookstore and pick up 'When Things Fall Apart' by Pema Chodron.  It's a small book that has had a big impact on me and can really help during hard times.  I'm struggling with my own demons on a daily basis but sometimes I open up the book and read a chapter and it makes me feel a bit better.  ..* We think that the point is to pass the test or overcome the problem but the truth is that things don't really get solved. They come together and they fall apart. Then they come together again and fall apart again. It's just like that. The healing comes from letting there be room for all of this to happen: room for grief for relief for misery for joy."* - Pema Chodron
