-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dzim1/muslim_and_alcoholic_my_experiences_of_being/

I rewrote this first paragraph several times because I'm mindful that some people might find this post uncomfortable - my apologies religion is frequently a very personal thing. My intention is to share something that I would have found useful on my *first* day one of sobriety (on that day I had unsuccessfully searched /r/stopdrinking for 'Muslim' for any experiences that might parallel mine)...So this post is a very brief summary of my experiences as a Muslim who has struggled with alcoholism...Having said that addiction knows no creed and I'm sure other people starting out or walking the sober path might find this useful just as I've found the shared experiences of a great variety of other people in /r/stopdrinking to be useful to me (shoutout to everyone in /r/stopdrinking you helped change my life for reals). ..I didnt find much in reddit when I first started seriously trying to deal with my alcoholism on how to square away the dark space I had been in and the healthier space I was trying to move into with my faith (if you havent guessed that is an important part of my life - and yes i know how to spell hypocrisy unfortunately!).  ..Still relatively 'young' at sobriety with only 474 days down (on my 4th attempt) but I've learnt the following from my own struggles to make it this far and from my research into fiqh (jurisprudence) during my subsequent efforts to revive my din (religion). For those who would ask I follow Maliki jurisprudence. ..----------..First. Talk about your alcoholism. It's ok to talk about it. Either find someone you can trust a brother or sister who has walked the same path or if those options are not comfortable literally drive to an AA a town over etc. A safe space exists somewhere for you...Talking about it is empowering and cathartic and weakens the control of alcoholism over you. I can't recommend this enough. I cried the first time I ever talked about it to a room of strangers who I then hugged. It's a mindblowing experience. Do it. You're not alone. Do it...There is no shame nor sin attached to talking about your sobriety nor your struggle with alcoholism. There is no sin in talking about being an alcoholic as a Muslim (and yes you are still a Muslim according to all the madhabs). You'll never know who might benefit from your shared experience...No soul is tested beyond what they can bear and your priority as a mu'min (believer) is to try and try again and keep trying to face down the challenges presented to you...----------..Second. Tawbah (repentence). Read about it. It's a beautiful thing. There is never anything too great nor too many missed salat that tawbah cannot resolve...----------..Third. Qada and Salat. I stopped praying when I was an alcholic because how could I have wudhu when drunk and what was the point of even trying if my body was considered ritually unpure for 40 days?  ..Eventually I had missed so many that what was the point - I'd never be able to catch up. Might as well keep drinking. That was bad logic on my part and did little to help my predicament then and in some ways worsened it. That single 'screw it' added about 2 years to my alcoholism by my count...I have more than decade of salat and sawm to make up for but that's not insurmountable. One day i'll make it up but for now I've made Qada and am gradually (glacially it seems sometimes!) whittling down that backlog. And that's enough for the moment (the classical fiqh position is that a person who makes the niyyat (intention) to make Qada who calculates what is owed and consistently works at making that up in small increments but then dies before they can finish has fulfilled their obligation). ..----------..Fourth.  Go to AA read and post to /r/stopdrinking regularly share somehow your struggles and experiences. However you do it keep sharing and talking. Talk about your successes and failure to someone. ..----------..Fifth.  Try try and try again. Stand back up when you fall make niyyat and tawbah. Keep trying you'll make it. Every failure is a step closer to success...----------..Sixth.  Read the sidebar in /r/stopdrinking. There's all sorts of solid advice and information in there.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you very much for sharing this! I do not know anything about Islam really but the way you describe your journey through sobriety is really beautiful and I learned a little about your religion here. It also sounds like you've found some great wisdom in terms of alcoholism itself and that you're on a solid path. I'm certain you're doing a great service to future Muslims who struggle with alcohol and happen upon your well-written thread. Thanks again! Hope to continue to hear more from you.
This is fantastic. I love it.
Very interesting read. Thank you.
Your post was inspiring. Thank you!
This is beautiful. There are many posts that contain all the reasons a person wants to quit yet all the reasons they tell themselves they can't seek out the support they require. I can't help but think this is one of the harder ones to overcome yet here you stand saying to others that may be facing the same journey and concerns that you have it can be done. It's beautiful. Thank you. 
This journey from living with evil to following god's path would have been so much stripping away of our artificial self to find the spiritual soul...you must be so clean in your head now...its a journey of self discovery i think
This is so interesting thank you for sharing!!..Your wisdom and perspective are welcome over at r/dinosaursinrecovery too!  I notice you hadn't been added yet so I added you :)
Really like your post and I've always been curious of how people of different faiths deal with alcoholism. One of the things in AA that I've finally grasped was the "spiritual progress rather than spiritual perfection" and because of that I've been able to rack up 205 days of continuous sobriety. ..Stay strong thanks for your post and As-salamu alaykum. ;)
Thank you so much for this. I was recently traveling in Oman and UAE and was wondering about the Muslim perspective on sobriety. Is there a tradition in Islam of letting go or surrendering to your higher power? How about acceptance of things as they are? Just curious. .I found your post so interesting. Thank you again and blessings to you.
As an atheist and an ignoramus re:Islam I find your share to be incredibly enlightening and just plain awesome  it's the absolute collision of worlds granting a different perspective. 
Wow thank you for sharing this. You are full of wisfom and have given me lots to think about. My faith and its place in my life have never been as solid as my own religion would like it to be; I am inspired by your insight into the process of forgiveness and repentance not only from God but within myself. 
I'm Jewish. That being said welcome brother. The struggle transitions all lines. The best part about being religious is the first few steps take less time to figure out. Thank you for the advice. I will not drink with you today. 
I love this post. I think it's a fantastic idea for you to provide something you didn't have starting out and you've stated everything so wonderfully. Many people will find this post helpful. Thanks for sharing!
This thread makes me feel like a group hug is in order. Come on bring it in... Thank you for posting this. I am not a religious person.. But consider myself a spiritual person. I have studied and read the Holy books of many religions. Thank you for giving me more insight and knowledge it is a great post. Peace. 
I'm a bot *bleep* *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:..- [/r/bestof] [u\/StoicAnon shares his experience as a Muslim who struggled with alcoholism and how he got sober.](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/4e0e0a/ustoicanon_shares_his_experience_as_a_muslim_who/)..[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*..[](#bot)
Fascinating read thank you for posting and so glad to hear that your journey is going well!
This will help so many people from all walks of life thanks for sharing. ..Logic was the key for me too and I had subscribed to bad logic for many years convincing myself that I had already failed so what was the point? ..When I finally realised that it wasn't too late for me my perspective changed and with it my life changed. I too have much to make up for but like you say it is possible as long as I don't give up. ..Take care x..
This I have saved. And thank you. I think we climb the mount of faith by many paths. When we reach its summit that Higher Power will not as us by which way we came but rather what we bring to this holy place. For me - a clear and loving mind is one of those things. 
Thank you for this.  I have encountered a few Muslims in AA over the years and likely some who have not revealed their faith...Alcohol knows no bounds - not of race faith geography.  It is strange and somehow reassuring that our recovery from the affliction can bring us together.
Thank you for sharing your perspective. I've found that the struggles we face when we "share" alcoholism with faith can often cause the guilt and shame to double-down on me - I feel your plight. Congratulations on your sobriety and trust in Allah. Your determination is inspiring. 
I had actually thought I was the only one here who is also muslim. I am a guy from Egypt can I ask you a few questions about alcohol and our religion? EDIT: 475 days congrats on that time keep it up
Thanks for sharing !!  Keep the writing and sharing coming!
Thank you so much for posting this! And congratulations on 475 days. I'm glad that you've been able to use your faith to help you overcome your addiction. I'm sure your post will be useful to other Muslims...I also grew up in a religion that regarded alcohol as taboo (fundamentalist Christianity) but as an adult I'm an atheist. Drinking for me was partly a symbol of freedom from the religion that I grew up in which was a pretty extreme belief system that had hurt me in a lot of ways. But it turned out that alcohol was hurting me too! So I had to admit that my childhood religion wasn't totally crazy to discourage alcohol. I had to give up that part of my identity that was still trying to rebel against my childhood religion. Which feels freeing actually.
