-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dzrl5/tattling_on_my_brain_again/

So I wrote yesterday a bit about some of the personal life struggles I'm going through currently namely with my wife. Even despite how hard that situation currently is being sober really is helping me get life together again. I can't fully see where the path is going to lead overall but I feel like my compass is roughly pointed in the right direction...However I have had some fleeting thoughts lately that I am handling relatively well and putting in their place quickly enough but the fact that I'm having them is worrying me. ..I've got some time behind me now and I can see the road ahead of me opening up which is good. But the germs of those "Well if I can go 90 days then maybe I'm cured" thoughts are creeping in a bit. I use the tools -- play the tape forward especially as well as the "that voice is not me; that's the alcoholic in me talking" trick. And I come here and read nightly still which also helps to realign my mind a bit when the nuts and bolts are getting a little shaky. So I'm kind of learning to do at least the basic mental jujitsu moves...Regardless I remain worried; and perhaps even maintaining that worry is a good thing. It's this exact pattern that has led back into years of nightly drinking in the past. I know that quitting drinking isn't enough on its own and that I need to do more and I'm sort of making some plans to keep pushing myself in order to really solidify my sobriety (I really feel like I need to do some volunteer work so I'm doing some research about how exactly to go about that; any tips in that regard sort of as a side-note would be appreciated). ..I guess my request for help tonight is to ask "How do you deal with thinking that you're 'cured?'" I don't believe that I am or ever will be...but I'll be damned if my mind isn't a hell of a tricky thing to wrangle with. I may need some advanced jujitsu moves. Most of all as the title of the post says I'm tattling on my brain at least to keep myself honest..
----------immediate responses--------

What seems to work for me is to think of this disease as though it were diabetes type 2.  No one would ever expect to be "cured" meaning no need for insulin or diet control.  So I expect to "medicate" with SD and AA to keep it dormant.   
I view alcoholism almost the exact same way as diabetes.  It's a manageable but lifelong condition that takes daily vigilance and lifestyle changes to keep up with.  Just because your upkeep systems have been working so well doesn't mean you suddenly don't have diabetes...Keep doing what you're doing.  The volunteer stuff sounds like a great idea!  Keep us posted about what you find and choose to do :)
This is probably unhelpful but I really don't worry about drinking like I might get mugged. I mean it's an ever present back of the mind thought anyway....."glad I'm sober" "proud of day count" "i'm not drunk" "____ wouldn't have been possible if I was still drinking" are ever present at various times of day. So I know I'm mindful of my problem.     ..What I do do is pounce on any thought that leads *back* to drinking. Most days I don't notice the liquor store i passed. Sometimes I do and have an automatic "it'd be nice to have one. ..." and I turn radio up and sing louder. If i wish i had a beer i do some chinups pop into sd check facebook check my account balance. Anything to immediately distract the mental step backwards that is forming. So. I don't worry about drinking again because I don't let myself think about drinking. If that makes sense. 
I myself think of it as a military situation. I am safe here in camp but the enemy is still out there circling the camp in the darkness. While I am getting comfortable and beginning to think he's no longer a threat the enemy is doing push-ups and sharpening his arrows. The single worst thing I can do is to let my guard down because that's the very moment when he'll strike.
My brain does the same stuff.  "Maybe after a year my habits won't be so ingrained and I can drink in moderation."  Nope.  The first time I drank I was trying to get drunk.  I remember the exact date of my first drink because it was whenever that huge blackout hit the east coast in the early 2000s.  Also because I loved it.  I don't get tempted to drink.  I get tempted to get drunk.  If I start drinking again I might maintain moderation for a month or so but I'll go right back to the reason I ever picked up a drink in the first place.
[deleted]
