-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e0cg5/my_cat_might_be_dying/

I have two boy cat and girl cat from the same litter had them since they were kittens.  Girl cat is not doing well has been sitting in the far corners of the room away from her usual resting spots.  Almost as if she knows what's coming... she didn't eat her food today and now my mother has found something unusual on her stomach... were taking her to the vet tomorrow to get it checked out and perhaps do some surgery but my mother is already saying to prepare for the worst just in case.  I'm trying to not let it get to my head since I don't know for sure how serious it is but I'm still feeling pretty scared and upset about it.  These are exactly the type of emotions I would try to drink away in the past but now I have to sit here and deal with it... it also brings up a lot of other fears and concerns I have towards people in my community that are also not doing so great health wise.  I have already gone through several deaths in my recovery group so I am without a doubt quite emotionally sensitive and vulnerable to what is going on now with my poor pet.  Something in the back of my mind wants to go out and drink right now but I know how good I have it being sober so I am confident I won't drink tonight.  It's just hard dealing with these emotions and the uncertainties life presents to us.  I guess this is more of an 'off my chest' kind of post but I feel it is more beneficial for me to post here instead of running the risk of bottling it up over the weekend and potentially relapsing if something does indeed happen... thanks for anyone that is reading this.  I promise I won't drink tonight and that I'll give extra love to my cat tonight.  Best that I be here for her (and other people/animals in my life) with my full attention and care instead of just running away.
----------immediate responses--------

Pets are a tough deal.  Just keep telling yourself you and your family love that cat more than anyone else possibly can.  She has a home for as long as she needs one and she can trust your family to make the right choice for her.
&gt;Best that I be here for her (and other people/animals in my life) with my full attention and care instead of just running away...Great choice! I know when I havd an urgd to drink in response to an emotionally upsetting situation it's just my alcoholic voice throwing up my old and very faulty coping mechanism. The truth is I can cope with anything sober. Ill health and loss of loved ones hurts me but that's the counterside of having those wonderful people and animals in my life it's natural to hurt...My thoughts are with you and your kitty through this time.
Sorry for what you're going through:(
You nailed it it is really difficult to experience emotions when we used to numb them with alcohol. I'm sorry to hear about your cat. I do cat rescue and over the years have had to euthanize so many Furry Friends. No matter how many times I've done it it never gets easier. I'll be thinking of you.
It sounds like you did what you needed to do to not drink during this very difficult time. That is amazing... Having euthanized a number of cats I really believe in doing something to honor your loved one. To me being sober honors my cats. As terrible as grieving feels I would rather cry and express my feelings and feel my feelings then them them. ..When I'm ready and sometimes it's something I focus on immediately after the death or maybe months down the road I create things like scrapbooks of pictures of the cat and I often put up a Facebook album of the cats. Doing this is a bit of a distraction and also an opportunity to grieve. I think it's so important that we grieve versus stuffing our feelings down or nothing out...I hope the results turn out okay. If you're up to it I would like to hear how the vet visit went. I hope you share on the Forum. That's what we're here for!
