-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e0mbl/so_what_does_seven_months_get_you/

I made seven months. First off this is my third proper attempt at sobriety. I made 84 days and 42 days before this run. So the first lesson is to not give up if you relapse...My relapses were of course attempts to moderate. Even at seven months part of my brain is still trying to convince me there is a way to moderate that "works for me." Wrong. Abstinence is the only moderation that works for me...I suppose I'm what some people call a "white knuckler". I've done it all without therapy or a single AA meeting. I was a chronic daily drinker for many many (15+) years although I never drank to blackout (even on weekends). My boozing was however only heading in one direction...My decision to quit was really just a realisation (reached over many years) that my relationship with alcohol was not like other people's. Most people don't drink every single day. I didn't need to be blacking out to know what I was doing wasn't normal...Sure I tried moderation - weekends only but it always came back to daily...So I stopped. And since I did I've felt a whole lot better...I've lost about 16lbs so far. My self-awareness about my health is so much higher (when I was drinking alky brain says "you're killing yourself anyway so why bother worrying about it?") - I'm eating a lot better I'm exercising a LOT more by cycling about 100 miles a week. My mood is better my sleeping is better...After I quit I got sick a lot. Like cold after cold after cold. I don't know why maybe just bad luck or maybe it was my body just not being in fight mode all the time?..My advice to anyone thinking of stopping is that it's never too late to quit. For as long as the sun comes up in the morning and you're still around to see it you're never too far down the road to stop. My mantra is that I can't undrink what I've had but I can not drink what I would have...The overwhelming sense of stopping drinking "for ever" is too much for anyone to bear. Don't do that. Stop today. Get to your bed tonight without having had a drink and you've done all you can and all you need to do. Do the same tomorrow. 1 becomes 2 becomes 3 becomes 4.....Targets are good but arbitrary. When I hit six months I was elated to have met a target. Cue alky brain: "you're fine have a drink you've proved you can control it." - the day of the sixth month is the same as the sixth day (except you'll DEFINITELY look and feel a lot better on the sixth month ;-))...Most of all? /r/stopdrinking. I'm here every day checking out your stories and commenting. So I didn't do therapy or AA but I still use support in my own way...My thanks go out to all of you for being here. If you're early days then I admire your self-awareness in recognising a need for change. If you're a dino then I admire you blazing the trail for the rest of us.
----------immediate responses--------

Good post thanks...Ineresting what you say about being regularly sick since I hit about week 5 I feel like I've had a cold or a bug nearly every week; unfortunately it really knocked me out of my gym routine and I just can't remember the last time I felt 100% 'ok'. Just yesterday I felt really really crappy by the time I go in from work. Feel a bit better this Sat morning. ..Must be your immune system adjusting maybe? I rarely had time of sick and seemed to get over colds and stuff really quite quickly while regularly drinking. Really really strange...!?
I hear you mate- I have not gone to AA but in my mind the door is open if I need it. I don't think this makes us white knucklers though I associate this term more with people who just cut out alcohol and don't change anything else expect to live their lives as they always did (sans grog) and just hope that they will magically find some will power from somewhere. You've made changes you've altered your mindset. You're on it mate!..I still get The Voice sometimes telling me it'd be okay to try again (I too had a couple of attempts at moderating before I accepted my inability to do so and the inevitable return to daily excessive drinking) but it is getting quieter and less frequent now. I've started riding loads again too and I've been quietly amazed that my body hasn't just fallen apart like a cheap suit in response to my forcing it to actually do some exercise. ..Well done on 7 months pal now let's take this hill!!..(ps I got ill loads too. Colds all the time after virtually never being ill while I drank. wtf. My wife found this profoundly amusing.)
[deleted]
Strong work right here. Great post. 
&gt; the day of the sixth month is the same as the sixth day..I had close to eight months last year before I tried moderating. Life was good (new job new house supportive spouse good  kids) and so much better than the previous 5 years that I convinced myself I only had a problem with alcohol because I was escaping overwhelming anxiety about my life. Turns out that even if I sincerely like my life I can manage to drink to excess nightly. ..As I write these words the sun is rising my family is asleep the birds are singing and my dog is curled in my lap. I am so grateful to r/SD for helping me get to a place where I can truly appreciate how good life is. 
Another who now uses two wheeled therapy here albeit I'm lucky if I can get 50 miles a week in with other bits of life getting in the way. ..I check here daily &amp; read posts. Some days it's the DINOs who provide the inspiration other days it's the newbies. I wouldn't be closing in on 100 days free of booze without you...Sober on!
well said and thank  you..I am getting my wheels ready for Spring.. Keep at it and keep inspiring me!.
Congrats on seven months! My first long term shot at sobriety (10+ years) I did it on my own with no support. I took it as a point of pride. I relapsed and stayed out for another 15 years. This time around I went to out patient rehab AA and now here. Not everyone needs help. Getting it made me less lonely and desperate in early days. Thanks for your post.
Thank you for your inspiring post and congratulations on 7 months! It's great to see the number counter increase by 1 everyday but you are so right "Just for TODAY I will not drink alcohol". Sober on my friend.
This is great!! Congratulations on 7 months!! ..My alkie brain said those very same things to me when I reached certain milestones. I now find that voice is getting quieter as time goes on thank goodness!! Good on you here's to pedal power  
Thanks for writing this.  Thinking about stopping forever is overwhelming but what kind of targets do you use?  I was thinking of trying for a month.  My SO is kind of doing this with me but I don't want to obligate him to do it so when we consider drinking a day I am trying to think in terms of a month as a commitment at least for me that is not overwhelming and then he can drink/not and not feel tied to my project.
&gt;still trying to convince me there is a way to moderate that "works for me." Wrong. Abstinence is the only moderation that works for me...I did the same. Came to the same conclusion. My limit that I can stop myself from drinking more is zero. That sucks; but that the card I've got...&gt;I suppose I'm what some people call a "white knuckler". I've done it all without therapy or a single AA meeting...Did the same. No AA meetings or therapy. Just had a moment that finally **stuck**. And support from family another subreddit (that I had to leave too AA-centric) and a friend.
Congratulations on 7 months. Big accomplishment. As someone who is at 82 days and is starting to get thoughts about moderation again the fact that you initially made it 84 days and then relapsed and are back here again was motivating for me. It's funny because my mind read that and I thought two opposing thoughts: "See - someone else made it 84 days and then they tried moderation and it didn't work. It CAN'T work so you shouldn't do that" and then "See - this person relapsed after 84 days and ended up making it back here safe and sober. You can do that too - go have fun one more time and if moderation doesn't work you still have time to make it back here". Of course I know the latter is ridiculous and that there is no guarantee anyone makes it back from a relapse. But that's just where I'm at right now and people like yourself coming back and sharing their stories are critical for me right now so thank you. 
&gt; the day of the sixth month is the same as the sixth day..That's bad news for the people who have a horrible first couple of weeks.  :)  But I agree with the idea and it's something I wish I had realized a couple years back when I had the idea that "if only I could get to day 30 things would magically be better."..Nice post!
Great post. Thanks. 
IT GETS YOU A BIG ASS MOTHER FUCKING HIGH FIVE
