-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e6olv/some_thoughts_on_90_days/

I've been here before actually. But then I was "just stopping for awhile" hoping to "reset" myself so I could moderate.  Yeah you all know how that went...Right now I'm feeling really good and fairly confident that this time I've got it right. I only occasionally fantasize about moderation and when I catch myself I play that tape forward and see where it leads me - always somewhere I don't like.  I'm past "mourning" the thought of drinking normally.  Doing some research and reading into addiction REALLY helped me past that part...My favorite analogy of alcohol addiction is of the pitcher plant (told better in **This Naked Mind** in case you want to check it out). So the bee detects yummy nectar odors coming from the pitcher plant and stops by to grab some. Yep tastes great and there seems to be a lot of it so better load up and hang out a while.  What the bee doesn't realize is that the inside of the plant is sloped downward and slick with "nectar."  The longer the bee imbibes the lower it slides down until it can see the bottom of the plant and realize the nectar it's ingesting is actually the decaying bodies of former bees and bugs that have been trapped.  Now the bee is scared and desperate but the slope is too steep and now it's trapped too.  Every drinker is a bee and the slope we're on can be very steep if we come from a family of drinkers and live in a culture praising drinkers.  That slope can be mild too but it's still sloping DOWN.  ..Right now I see every pint of beer or glass of wine as tempting but poisonous nectar.  Now I rarely fantasize about having "just one" because I know where it leads...down that very slippery slope...* For all you dinos thanks for checking in with us and offering your sage advice and inspiration. It's appreciated...* For you folks just starting out - keep with it. The first days are hard but oh so worth it. Reach out. Do not suffer alone. When I started posting here it was like a beacon was lit showing me that I was not alone in the dark...* For everyone in this struggle with me - thanks for being here. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Liked that thanks! 
Thank you 
&gt;The longer the bee imbibes the lower it slides down until it can see the bottom of the plant and realize the nectar it's ingesting is actually the decaying bodies of former bees and bugs that have been trapped...This is so true -- we can see ourselves that alcohol has hurt or even killed other people in our lives and yet we imbibe anyway.
I don't know how steep my slope of moderation is and I don't want to find out so I keep back from the edge. I'm in it with you and not drinking with you today.
What research did you do to get past the 'mourning' that you describe? Any books / links?.
