-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e702a/the_longest_90_days_of_my_life/

I guess that happens when I count every single day. This is my first post since my last relapse. I felt like I broke up with SD and I've been scared to post in all honesty. I had around 80 some days sober last time and relapsed on marijuana. I continued to smoke for a year and eventually relapsed on alcohol again. I found I developed the same symptoms from marijuana as I had for alcohol. I couldn't bring myself to quit. This time I'm trying my journey completely sober and it is re-surfacing all of the struggles I have put off dealing with since I started using a decade ago. I started using drugs to cope with my depression. They worked for awhile and I truly enjoyed the feelings that they brought me. I could feel welcomed extroverted loved and many other emotions. Eventually the drugs stopped working and began to take a toll on my mind...  My depression hit twice as hard during that time. I contemplated suicide for a long ass time but I never had the courage to do so. My personal philosophies on life determined how I should live. I believed life was supposed to be a party and there was no purpose for anything. I thought there was no purpose for a life partner except for sexual satisfaction and someone to lean on financially. I believed consciousness was a mistake in the evolutionary process. I didn't consider life a gift but more of just a reaction from my parents having sex. I still think this way today even after 90 days. ..  I'm constantly bombarded with a continual hamster wheel of criticisms. I fucking hate the way I feel and idk if I will get better. After I took away what I lived for(drugs) I had nothing to live for. I have no self-worth and I'm continually beating the shit out of myself. I posted the same thought during my first 90 day stint and I'll say it again "I hear a lot of people say 'don't dwell on the past' or 'you can't change the past' the problem is the past is what defines me and I'm reminded of it every freaking time I wake up." Every day I wake up knowing that I've been fucking up my whole life. I've lost the majority of my jobs due to drinking and being irresponsible. I'm just now(age 26) figuring out how to fucking function. I just learned that you have to pay bills to keep a roof over your head and your belly full. Idk how to budget cook or grow as a person. I've failed out of college 3 times and I lack the discipline to go back right now. I spend hours upon hours researching how I can get into a nursing program and it seems like a whole fucking lot of people have gotten nowhere with it due to lack of jobs or the complexity of the process. I feel like if I were one of those people and I invested that much time and energy into something and I was rejected then I would probably blow my brains out. ..  Fuck I hope there is more to life than this and I hope that I can get better. Sobriety is kicking my fucking ass hard and I feel like I'm fighting a brick wall. I need some help. I wish everything would just be okay. I'm doing everything I can to try and stay sober. I'm going to many meetings I'm working the 12 steps I have a service position I go and help feed the homeless and I surround myself with people in recovery but it doesn't seem like it's enough. Thank you for reading my fellow SDers and thank you for my 90 days. This is the longest I have ever been sober since using drugs and I'm forever grateful for that.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you are struggling in spite of doing so many things right. Kudos for 90 days /u/TheEndlessBottle. I saw a doctor and found out I had clinical depression and ADHD. .Treatment helps me stay sober and happy. 
Just keep it going buddy. One day at a time. When everything seems to lose its meaning when things seem monotonous when you don't see any point just make it to the next day. Shit gets better but you have to stick around for them to get better. We are so proud of you. Give it time. 
I think the point of life is very simple. You just live. Let go of all that bullshit that's running through your head and making you miserable. You're alive and that's super awesome because it means that even if you're feeling shitty right now you'll get to feel joy again...You are in control of both your actions and your attitude. I believe it gets easier with practice =] keep on slogging friend. Not even the bad times last forever.
