-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e8yio/keep_going_3_or_4_days_and_having_to_start_over/

Is it normal when trying to quit to have this pattern? I keep going 3-4 days without drinking...I attend AA meetings on the days of no drinking which has been making me feel motivated/inspired to live a better way and connected to others who are or have struggled...I feel less alone in all of this with this forum too! Then on about the 3rd day I start to feel like I hit a low my husband will tell me I don't have a problem & that I shouldn't be so worried about quitting (he says I'm just self-medicating and that it's okay for now) and then I decide to give up and give in.... Then I'll have 1-2 nights of drinking that make me feel guilty scared and even lower. My doctors want me to stop and are expressing frustration as well as saying that the way I'm drinking is a danger to myself and others. What is wrong with me? Why can't I do this? I feel like I have so much going on externally in my life (a PTSD diagnosis depression anxiety...my brother who I just found out is doing heroin & is out of contact with me--I'm so worried about him! and my therapist is encouraging me to limit contact with my parents)....Oh and did I mention I have 3 children a husband who travels weekly and I'm also taking graduate classes. Are all of these things excuses for my drinking or do I need to change some of them in order to be able to stop drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

It took me a few months of lurking here and trying to string more than a few days together. I realized that a big out for me was keeping booze in the house and after a few days I would say to myself I can handle it and then drink everything in the house and feel horrible about doing it the entire time. It was a terrible cycle and all the while I was slowly losing a company stressing out about all of the well-being of a dozen employees as well as my own failures and shortcomings as a person. I wasn't making it any easier on myself. ..I found that I had to become a bit selfish with my sobriety. Even with all of the shit going on my life there were now certain things I had to do to ensure that I was going to get past that 3 day mark and into a week and beyond. I got rid of any alcohol in the house. After work I would come straight home and log in here. I spent at least 15min to an hour a day here as required daily reading(mainly about staying busy at home). ..I also told the closest people in my life that I was stopping. That gave me some accountability and forced me to become honest with people when they asked if I wanted to go out. *'No sorry I can't I'm taking a break for a while thank you though.'* (my language concerning my drinking status changed over time these days it's a solid "I don't drink" and that's that.) I also stopped going out socially for a while. Except for one occasion I didn't go out to any social gatherings of my friends for about 6 months.  ..I also stopped framing my thinking in terms of "forever". Thinking about how I would go for the rest of my life without drinking was fucking terrifying. I started thinking about making it through just that day sometimes just the next 10 minutes. I could handle going 10 minutes or making it through the rest of a day. ..You say that Attending a meeting was crucial to any non-drinking day have you thought about making a meeting a daily part of your routine to see if that will help you get past the 3 or 4 day mark? It sounds like that might be a solid way to start stringing some days together. 
We all make our own choices and I spent a good deal of time stuck in a similar pattern. Id try to figure out why I was the way I was and it was easy to point the finger at anything/event/person in my life as a cause/influence on my behavior. Regardless of the validity of my blame it ultimately didn't matter because I made the choice to drink. I made the choice to run from myself and my inability to deal with my problems: escapism. I dug myself a hole so deep that I had to put the shovel down before I was unable to climb out; taking responsibility for myself my actions and my past and learning to accept and forgive. 
Very sorry to hear how rough of a time you're having! I have had many times in the past during which I'd tried to get sober and I could get through a few days only to relapse again very quickly. The main difference for me this time as opposed to other times was that I genuinely *want* sobriety this time whereas in the past I think I had always thought of it as like "taking a break" even if subconsciously if that makes any sense. Internally in my thoughts I was building little walls around my drinking habit but always with an escape hatch -- because I knew in the back of my mind I wasn't 100% committed to sobriety. ..I say that not to sound judgmental or even to imply that that's the case for you at all -- it's just that that was literally what was true for me. This time I built that wall up but I blew the escape hatch up with dynamite; there is no going back for me now. I know that I can never drink under any circumstances ever period. I will never be "normal" (which is something I've been thinking about lately anyways: what's really "normal" about drinking in the first place right?) or be cured and no matter what anyone ever says I know for myself what my relationship to alcohol is. What's interesting to me is that the longer I go into sobriety the more I'm finding that I don't even want to be a drinker anymore; I genuinely like my life this way. I focus on the positives of sobriety when I get cravings as opposed to the virtually non-existent "plusses" and the mountain of "negatives" of drinking and the more I do each day the easier it gets really...Hope you stick around here and keep posting!
[removed]
My SO really rejected the idea that I'm an alcoholic at first. Now he's asking of he can drive me to AA meetings(to get me to go). I think the idea that sobriety comes first before everything else because you will loss everything else if you continue is helpful in the face of unsupportive people. And I found reading memoirs of alcoholics quite helpful. 
Right there with Mateo. This time around I REALLY want sobriety. I crave and thirst for a fulfilling life now. This new urge is so profound so strong that it overrides any desire I once had to drink. Sure my old addict brain gets really ugly and cries about it every now and then but I just give it the cold shoulder...In the past I wasn't committed. I guess I hadn't hit my rock bottom yet and that's what makes it so different this time around.
