-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ecjy0/need_advice/

So I have posted here a few times a while back about my struggle with drinking. I finally had enough on Friday. I was almost done with my daily 750mL of bottom shelf vodka and said fuck it. I drunk dialed my cousin who has been sober for 2.5 years and told him I needed help...Shortly after that I called my father and explained to him that I had been an alcoholic for the better part of 4 years. I was terrified of what he would say. To much relief he was completely supportive of me seeking help. I attended my first AA meeting on Saturday with my cousin who drove an hour and a half to be there for me...I am planning on leaving for an inpatient recovery program in a few days. Im fucking nervous scared and generally a mess. However for me to admit to those closest to me that I was a drunk (while drunk) is probably the best thing "drunk me" ever did...I have looked at a few residential centers in the DMV area (D.C. Maryland Virginia) and was wondering if any of you have had experience at any nearby facilities? Any recommendations? Google search leads to a bunch of bullshit click bait. This is where I need advice I want to make sure that my next month in treatment is in the best setting while also not breaking the bank. Thanks in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not familiar with your area but I just wanted to say that I'm proud of you and will be thinking good thoughts for you and your recovery. 
Way to go!  Get some advice.  I might try going to several different AA meetings and asking this question.  They won't have a vested interest and some will have some solid recommendations.  
Do you have insurance? Insurance may dictate where you'll end up. Congrats for making that decision. For me - treatment was a blessing. Time to get away and only focus on getting well. Time to dry out. Time to get to know myself better. They can then help you with next steps...such as do I go back to my own place? Move to a sober living house? and so on...and in my case - my treatment center took us to AA meetings in the local community. So by the time I got out - I knew some people in the AA community. (This was on top of the meetings that were brought in each night). Trust me - 30 days of inpatient treatment is WAY easier than 750ml bottom of vodka every day. Good luck to you.
Gave me a good chill reading about the support that you have received. Life can be amazing.  Best wishes on your journey.  
