-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4eg344/100_days_its_incredible/

Dear /r/stopdrinking !..I'm sober for 100 days. I never been so proud of myself in my life. This is my personal record for 10 years. I'm 24 and i've been struggling with alcohol since i was 14. I was at alcohol rehab at age 18 but i relapsed after 2 weeks...But this time is else. I started to visiting a psychiatrist last august and she somewhat thought i have drinking problems but i never told her that. On new year's eve i destroyed the half flat of my friend (thank god he forgave me) and i got into the hospital with acute psychosis. ..After they let me out i met with my psychiatrist and told her my problem with drinking. She prescribed me Antabuse (disulfiram) because i asked for it. Fear kept me away from drinking for 2 months. And i have forgot to take it for like a month. And i know i could drink because disulfiram is out of my body but i don't want. I don't want to drink anymore. It's over. I'm in deep love-sorrow my whole family hates me i have millions of problems and still i didn't even think about drinking. It is a miracle and also probably because of Citalopram Wellbutrin and Quetiapine... But i won't ever again find solution in drinking because i finally realised it's everything but not solution...It was a hard way but now i finally can tolerate when people around me drink. I don't care. They know i'm an alcoholic so they don't offer me to drink so i'm okay with that. I can finally go through the store's liquor section without sweating...Guys it was a really really really hard way. But there is hope for every one of you guys. If i could do it you can guys also do it. If you can't stop i recommend you (but it's strictly my own opinion) to get professional help. Psychiatrist can make wonders...I wish you guys a sober day and i wish you good health and a sober life. Forget drinking. F*ck alcohol! Choose life! (Yeah trainspotting reference)
----------immediate responses--------

AND IT'S ALSO MY CAKEDAY. WHAT ARE THE CHANCES? I had no idea...
Hail new centurion!
Kudos! Congrats on your 100 days and getting that help you needed. Keep up the sobriety. 
Well done man.  It sounds like you've put in a lot of really hard work that is paying off.
