-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ehv18/its_never_what_you_expect_1_year_on/

I like lists so here are a couple that break down my year of being alcohol-free:..Triumphs:..- Down 25 pounds and it would be more but some of the beer fat has been replaced by sober muscle since I got more serious about lifting...- Greatly improved relationship with my SO. My biggest motivation for getting sober was that I really truly believed that if I kept drinking my marriage would eventually fall apart. There was nothing apparently wrong but I just knew that I wasn't as present with her as I could be. Now I'm actually THERE all the time...- All the money! It's unreal how much money I saved this year just by not drinking. Like... mind boggling..- I can actually think now (no more foggy brain)...Struggles:..- Dealing with my shit. I know now that the reason I drank was to drown my fear and I had no idea how scared I was because I numbed myself for so long. I'm really just confronting that now though I expected it sooner...- Identity. Drinking was such a big part of my life that leaving it behind left me with something of an identity crisis. I'm still picking up those pieces and trying to figure out who I am...- Friends. Dry people dry places was absolutely crucial for me but it does tend to weed out some people I considered good friends...Back when I first traded in booze for La Croix I had grand ambitions of what my one-year post would be. I was going to talk about how amazing EVERYTHING was. But not everything is amazing. On the whole most aspects of life are better but the lesson I finally internalized is one I read from many dinosaurs over and over: "Getting sober doesn't fix everything. It simply gives you the chance to fix things yourself."..Some days I'm grateful for the opportunity to tackle challenges with a clear mind. Some days it seems like an unbearable burden. But I'm now comfortable with the idea that that's life and at least I'm living it again...I won't be drinking today. Feel free to join me.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice lists good vibes! Onwards! 
I won't be drinking today together with you! :)
Congrats on the year!!! dino invite is a coming.....If I may  ..dealing with my shit meant I no longer had to be the miserable self righteous asshole I could be.  Dealing with my shit meant I could get over some of the long reinforced negative bullshit I believed about myself...Identity my drinking identity was not something particularity good. I was not Hunter S Thompson - someone who people wanted to drink with. Figuring out who I am has turned out to be - a surprisingly nice guy...Friends - I do not miss my drinking buddies such as they were.  I have made some real friends in recovery there is a big difference I have found.
That is a well-balanced perspective.  Congratulations!  Yeah I'm in the thick of "fixing things myself".  Some days I want to have a temper tantrum instead.  But I won't drink.
Congrats I appreciate your honesty! 
This is a great post. Thanks for your honesty. 
Thanks for this post. I will take you up on your offer :-)
Great post thanks very much 
Congratulations on a year! Thats amazing. I hope to be where you are next April. It's scary to think about dealing with tough times without alcohol but I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
Hurray! Keep it up. Tomorrow I get to spend time and money maintaining my car! The joys never cease they don't.
I absolutely *love* these honest lists/recounts of sober time.  Love 'em...I have spent a lot of time - like years - feeling like maybe sobriety just wasn't for me because I didn't feel awesome all the time.  But I don't need to feel awesome I just need to feel better. (:  
The identity and friends part that you write about strike me as really challenging.  All my friends drink and my SO drinks a lot.  When we're not together in an evening we talk on the phone and I usually do it after finishing work doing exercise walking dogs and then talk with a glass of wine.  I didn't want to do that tonight.  I hope drinking does not wreck the relationship.
Love the list! Thanks for sharing and congrats! You rock!
Damn good one year post. ..Insightful with both positives and negatives that I could  relate to...Congrats
Strong work on one year!
Yup that's life. It isn't all amazing. But it is mostly all shit when you're off the wagon.
Good words there. Thanks for sharing. 
Thank you for sharing this. Congrats!
awesome!
Congrats on a year! Man that struggles list... I've got a lot of those verbatim on mine fear and identity tricky things to navigate..
