-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4eoo33/really_struggling_today/

Sitting at work feeling really low and depressed. I don't know why. my therapist tells me that the feelings are there and I need to be aware of them but not let them overtake my urges. I am doing CBT which helps me but this day in particular is soooo hard for some reason work is difficult and I work in sales and don't even want to get on the phone to talk to people. It's raining and all i want to do is go home and smash 2 bottles of wine and totally forget about life. I am not taking meds ( I have done it before) I need to learn that every time something goes bad in my life I have to not solve it with alcohol. Will this feeling ever go away? 
----------immediate responses--------

I can't promise but most likely you'll feel better in time.                           .I was not born with sober coping tools and had to learn them. AA and therapist helped. It sounds like your therapist is doing the same thing mine did. As I practiced feeling my feelings and journaling or writing about them as you did here I felt more in control of my life. I stopped trying to run from them because I felt less overwhelmed. Going to meetings put me in touch with like-minded people who gave encouragement and hope that I could and would get better. I've been sober a long time and still came home today and kind of barricaded myself against the world--just for tonight. I'll watch tv listen to a book and go to bed early. Drinking doesn't occur to me anymore. It is never an option. Thank you for your post. I hope you'll stay in touch. 
Deep breaths friend.  Moods pass.  Time heals.  Struggles happen but you aren't alone...and by reaching out to us instead of reaching out for that wine is a great thing.  ..Life has thrown me a curveball today also..but by going to bed tonight sober I guarantee I'll be hangover and regret free if I am blessed with another day of life.  Each day is a blessing...and if I choose to drink again..or abuse substances..I muffle that day with numbness...I focus solely on getting to a mind altered state...and in the process I lose the chance to see the world clearly even when that view isn't great.  And sometimes it isn't great.  We are not guaranteed sunshiney days.  But when the sky is blue and the birds are singing I don't want to be blacked out and unable to enjoy it.
With commitment to yourself and time it will get easier. A lot of what you're feeling now is likely simply due to the power of association. You're feeling down about a lot of things so your go-to in the past has been just what your urge is now.  It's gonna take some time and rewiring but it can and will happen.  You will start to lose that association. What helped me (and still helps me for other reasons) was to keep in the now. Today...not yesterday or tomorrow. This moment. ..One thing your therapist touched on that has helped me so much is the knowledge and acceptance that feelings are simply thoughts we attach meaning to. I give those thoughts the attention and respect that they deserve accepting them as a part of me and through this process the control these feelings once had upon me fade much more quickly. Sometimes I even realize that how I thought I felt originally wasn't really how I feel after sitting with the thoughts for a bit. I never knew this could happen when I was drinking since I usually drank to numb. ..Breathing really helps. Closing my eyes and just following my breath. ..So let yourself feel sad to mourn. It's a part of the process of learning. I hope you will soon realize that there is truly nothing to feel sad about.  Being free from the chains of booze has been the best thing I have experienced in my life not just because of the obvious bad shit but because of all the good that has happened since I have been free. 
Thank GOD!!!! I got through it thanks for the support guys as I said not sure why but yesterday was hard :( It is even Friday today and I am not even considering drinking tonight these waves are intense and my headache is gone no accelerated heart rate just a feeling of calmness. If I didn't have SD on app and no herbal tea or soda water I would have cracked. I went passed about 6 pubs walking home and made it!!!!! :) Whatever the case whatever happens to us all WE WILL ALL NOT DRINK TODAY!!!!!!!!
