-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ep4ot/new_to_the_sub_long_post_sorry_in_advance_for/

Hey all bit of a confessional. This could get long and rambly but I feel compelled to write it. ..I still remember the first time I drank I was about 13. My friend stole a 40oz of vodka from his grandparents and we took it to a girl's bday party. My friends measured out drinks I chugged straight from the bottle. I remember walking back into the house.. then I woke up in my bed at home. The mom thought I had an epileptic seizure. This was the beginning of a pattern. ..In university I became known as a person who would pass out anywhere and everywhere after binge drinking. I feel like I missed out on so much. I barely made it past midnight. I would chug everything I could get my hands on. My hs sweetheart left me I was destroyed it's all I thought about for years. I dropped out of school moved in with friends and partied hard...As I got older I started to get a little better at social drinking. The shame of making a fool of myself over and over again started to take its toll. I was still known to a whole group of friends as "Sloppy Canadop." I was a joke. I became depressed and withdrawn. But hey I didn't pass out in public anymore! That means I'm normal right? About 5 years ago I moved home to my parents house to a town where I knew no one. I would drink in their basement and play WoW until I passed out. I was a stereotype.. I got fat and did nothing. Luckily I was able to finish up university then find and hold down a decent job. I moved out into my own apartment when my relationship with my parents started to sour. I could drink as much as I wanted when I wanted! Yay!..About a year ago I decided I had enough being fat and lazy. I started going on long walks and eating much better. I figured if I was going to drink all the time I might as well be healthy in other ways. It went well. I've dropped 70 pounds and am back in pretty good shape. I switched to low cal beer. ..I've never really had  anything too bad happen because of drinking (besides cringe worthy embarrassing moments told to me second hand). Mostly because I withdrew and drank at home alone (the trade off is soul crushing loneliness). ..Here's the story of my latest spiral: This past summer I went to a friend's wedding. I drank all night the night before and continued drinking the next day. I hung out with my buddy's (he was a groomsman) wife and their infant daughter for most of the day and had to answer "yes" to the question "Canadop did you really crush 12 tall cans in a few hours getting ready with my wife?" I later tried to pay for a drink at the bar with a pack of smokes my brain stopped working. My buddy threw me in a cab. I came sorta to my senses back in the hotel where I realized I couldn't smoke without going *gasp* outside where people are. So I got in my car and drove the hour home. I remember hitting the curb on my way out of the parking lot. Then I woke up in my bed. Thank god I didn't kill anyone. I still have a minor panic attack thinking about it. This was a new low. On Halloween I spent the night in the drunk tank for the first time ever. In the past 3 months I've been refused twice at the LCBO for smelling like alcohol (hungover but still drunk). Then got in my car and drove home. How many bullets can I dodge? ..I've always been ashamed of my drinking I think it kept me (somewhat) in check. Recently I discovered mindfulness. It's been great for my fitness and commitment to healthy eating. But I also decided I wasn't going to feel guilty anymore about drinking. The spiral began in earnest. This past weekend from Thursday to Sunday I drank a 40oz of vodka and about 48 beers (half of those were tall cans). It was a pretty typical weekend for me lately. I can't remember the last time I went to work on a Friday without a hangover. I went and bought a 24 on Saturday and drank almost the whole thing in a blackout state. My first thought upon waking up Sunday was "I probably have beers left. I'm going to drink them" I had 2. I spend the day miserable and hung over. I went into an anxiety attack. I hated myself. I'm disgusting. *I found this sub* I resolved to not drink. ..Last night I went for a walk.. ended up at my parents place and had 2 beers with dinner (I can moderate). I went and bought eight more after I got home  drank those and the 2 I had left in about 2 hours. I feel like shit today. It's really easy to say I'm not going to drink today. Two days from now is what scares me. It's crazy how much my mind can change in 48 hours. I'm scared. I feel like something terrible is eventually going to happen. I have to stop before it does. ..Sorry for this long winded ramble. Thanks for reading if you did. I didn't drink today and I hope to keep it going tomorrow. I'm better than this. I deserve a life worth living..Thanks and good luck to all. It's a small comfort to know I'm not the only one struggling....*edit* today is Thursday which I usually treat as the beginning of my weekend even though I work tomorrow. I drink "light" on Thursdays (which still means a 15 pack usually). Today I'm not going to do that. This was therapeutic to me. I feel an obligation to not drink and will use that as more motivation to stay sober. Thanks again. .
----------immediate responses--------

I read all the way through. Thanks for your honest post. I hope you come back tomorrow.
Welcome and I'm glad you're here. Alcohol has taken all of us to really low places. You are not alone in your challenges. I won't drink with you tomorrow (I would say today but it's almost midnight).
Thanks for the post. I won't take a drink with you today.
Wow I can relate. Many stories of driving home and not remembering the drive. Ruing birthdays events parties putting others at risk. I heard my voice reading this I heard my stories through someone else. You are not alone. You can take back your life. Hang in there and read others stories on here. I can say I have not had a drink today and just passed my first 24 hours sober since I can remember. Come back tomorrow and check in and update your post. I look forward to hearing you did not drink and your resolve has only strengthened. 
I decided to stop because i thought i was dying for 2 days from my last hang over. My leg and arm were numb i barely got my kid to the bus stop before hobbling back to bed. Never again
Your writing is good my friend.  I recalled similar pain and troublesome thoughts and behaviors as I read your post.  I hope someone will link the baby steps for you. Good stuff and people here to support you.  Best wishes. 
