-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4etug2/one_step_forward_two_steps_back/

Over the last few months I've struggled greatly with my drinking never making it longer than 2 weeks sober. I tend to be sober for a few days then relapse. I've made progress though.. I got a therapist told my doctor I have a problem joined a gym and started medication that helps with my anxiety. I even went to a couple AA meetings but I have a hard time getting myself to go. ..Life is shitting on me hard from multiple angles no matter what I do and I just can't catch a break. I know drinking doesn't help but every few fucking days I somehow get it in my head that I can have just ONE drink to take the edge off. One turns into several as it did last night. I called in sick today because of it and made a bit of an ass of myself to a few people over text.  I feel weak and powerless over this. I know I have a drinking problem I know I'm an alcoholic but despite my self-awareness I'm still fucking up...The question I keep asking myself is what is it going to take to get me to stop? More than anything I want to break free from this curse.
----------immediate responses--------

The single greatest act of power I have ever done in my life was accepting I was powerless over my disease of alcoholism.  ..Glad you are here and good luck!!!
I had that yesterday man. I had anxiety headache sweats and thought that life was going to collapse around me. The thing is if you are like me then and you know you can't have one then best not to have any at all. I can't have one I have to have 100 my therapist said to me last week that you need to be aware of the feelings you have acknowledge those feelings and remember why they are there. 1 day at a time man don't worry about tomorrow 2 weeks time etc. Focus on getting through today whatever it takes. Close your eyes and focus on your breathing when you get anxiety take as much time as you need and I will not drink with you today!!!
Those things you're doing for yourself (therapist doctor AA) are *huge* and you've got two other important ingredients: the desire to quit and persistence.  ..I spent a couple of years slipping/lapsing after anywhere from 2 to 30 days.  It wasn't obvious at the time but it turned out I was actually making progress all along.  Really slow progress.  I think that if you're doing all these positive actions and trying new approaches then you're making progress too and it will likely be a lot faster than mine was...Best of luck.
