-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ezy77/24_days_of_change_dinner_with_friends_tomorrow/

I've lurked on this subreddit a few times in the past but my struggles with alcohol over this past winter and increasing anxiety made me realize I needed to make a change. This has been my best attempt to stop drinking - the longest I've gone without drinking in the past 7 years. I feel completely different than I did 24 days ago. I'm sleeping better my work performance has increased my anxiety has decreased substantially and my exercise regimene has also improved. It hasn't been easy but thanks to the wise words of many people on this site and in podcasts that I listen to I've been able to find the motivation to keep at it just for today. ..I'm going to dinner tomorrow with some family and friends who tend to be heavy drinkers. I'm concerned about what I might say if the topic of me not drinking comes up. I'm a fairly private person and haven't told anyone that I've decided to stop drinking. In fact this post is my first admission of it whatsoever outside of my own head.  I've been to a few family gatherings since making the change and I didn't bring the issue up and no one approached the topic despite it being unusual for me to be sticking to diet soda or water as opposed to beer/wine...These are early days on this journey and I feel like I'm still figuring a lot of things out about my decision to stop drinking and about myself.  I'm wondering if anyone has any thoughts about how best handle the situation at dinner tomorrow if the topic comes up? Thanks to all who are here in this supportive and encouraging community. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

"I'm not drinking today." (The truth!)..If pushed: .."I've decided I've had enough alcohol.  I'm working on my health"  (More truth!).."I'm allergic to alcohol..I wake up without pants."  (/u/NonnyMouse69's truth.)..Or....I would just change dinner plans to be a nice restaurant that does NOT sell booze...because I really want to try the dry restaurant instead and no I don't have time to out for drinks afterwards.  
I am also a very private person. I thought a lot about how I was going to deal with explaining the fact that I wasn't drinking. But incredibly it doesn't usually come up. (Turns out I am *not* the most interesting person in the room: shocker!) At the very most I say something low-key like "I am not drinking for my health" and people always say "Oh I should do that!" It has turned out to be a total non-issue. ..Congratulations on 24 days.
I'm another very private person.  I haven't had to deal with family drinking events yet but will likely have to in a week when we travel to my husband's hometown for vacation...My plan is to stick with seltzer water decaf tea and say nothing more than "not tonight".  
I keep it short and sweet "I'm not drinking tonight". If pressed you can say it's a 30 day challenge or health reasons or an early morning the next day but generally people aren't nearly as interested as I assume they will be! The ones who pry tend to be the ones who have concerns about their own drinking (I know that's how I used to be). Best wishes!
