-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f0eue/i_made_it_through_tonight/

This afternoon a woman from my AA meeting texted me--just that little check-in made me feel stronger less alone. Instead of drinking tonight I took my daughter out to dinner and to see The Jungle Book--I feel proud of myself and it felt so good to be spending time one on one with her. Now I'm home--it's late--and all of the crazy thoughts are still with me. I'm afraid to go to sleep without alcohol because of the nightmares that I might dream...but I need to do this soberly for my children. Even though I am struggling it's not a reason to drink--I want to struggle more honestly and bravely....to face fear and sadness without alcohol. Thank you SD community for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job on the 5 days! I too fear nightmares but I am learning to deal with them better as I am sober longer. You are giving a wonderful gift to your children by being sober. I won't drink with you in solidarity.
Sounds like you had a nice evening pilgrim. (Do I sound like John Wayne? Did I just date myself?) Sorry for the bad joke.....Good for you that you know what you want- to face your fear without alcohol. I must admit for me feeling emotions without alcohol to make me numb was (and still is) pretty scary...Hang in there- we won't drink together tonight!
You're not alone! The dreams will dissipate over time. Stay strong and sober! Good luck!
awesome! If you can make it through the first five days there's nothing stopping you!
Great job! You can do this. Or more accurately WE can do this. You're not alone you really aren't. Glad you posted.
That' s realy beautiful. You're kids deserve this and so do you. For me that was all the motivation I ever needed. Enjoy your kids enjoy being sober. .Congratulations!
These words inspire me:..&gt;I want to struggle more honestly and bravely....to face fear and sadness without alcohol. ..I'm so glad that the support you sought out is coming full circle--gratitude and all. It just keeps multiplying.
5 days is amazing. You are amazing :)..How was the movie? I'm going tomorrow with some awesome kiddos.
Noice! I heard the movie was really good too. Gj keep it up! 
Good for you. Last night was tough for me too. Friday's usually involved putting the kids in front of the tv while I drifted off into a haze. Last night we all played in the backyard and tonight we are all going to the movies. It's only been 5 days but I am starting to find the fear and sadness are easier to face when I feel strong and not drinking. Good luck. 
All of my drinking dreams involve really bad consequences and me waking up in a panic.  Im really lucky because my drinking dreams are actually all just nightmares and make me want to rink less
Woo! Keep it up. Your body and your children will thank you down the line :) 
What a wonderful and hopeful post.  Thanks for being you and sharing.  You somehow transfered something very positive to me.   I'm not going to not drink today and be present for myself children and others. 
