-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f40f9/spring_finally/

After a long cold winter it's finally warm enough to sit outside on the deck.  But what's the point in doing that without a beer or a gin and tonic I asked myself?  After quite a struggle I decided to take a mug of Earl Grey tea out there with me - wondering the whole while what the neighbours might think if they saw me.  I mean who sits out on their deck with tea for goodness' sake!  As I sipped it I realised that as it was about 3:30 in the afternoon probably most people would have tea and it was in previous "deck seasons" that I should have been worried about what the neighbours might think of me! ..The mug I was drinking from has a slogan on it:  "If at first you don't succeed ... have a very large gin and tonic".  I allowed myself a small smile - maybe I've succeeded at last.
----------immediate responses--------

Lol nice mug.  Glad you got to enjoy the weather -I'm so happy it's finally warm! I also have dove into the tea world its... interesting lol
I love this post.  This subject is one of my biggest concerns.  How can I (insert activity) without enjoying some mixed drinks?  Smoking meat has become one of my hobbies. Ribs Butt Brisket etc.  I would always mix smoke day with chore day and of course heavy drinking day.  This is deeply ingrained after only a few years.  Breaking out of these "connections" will be difficult.  It is the main reason I am setting at day two again.  I will figure it out.  Always good to hear from you.  Thanks for the post.
Lovely post. Congratulations on your 76 days!..&gt; what's the point in doing that without a beer or a gin and tonic..This is my first Sober Spring. Like you sitting on the deck I'm going to have to navigate some activities in my Spring routine that were previously associated with alcohol; ..* mowing the lawn.* grilling.* misc yard work.* going to the pool.* walking the dogs.* breathing.* blinking..I'm standing on my deck raising my mug of tea to clink with you fellow Sobernaut. ..Sober on!
