-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f4nya/were_gunna_need_more_pampelmousse/

I just hit my 5 month sober birthday yesterday and the title of this post is a little joke between a couple of us when we are having a rough day. ..Today though it was no match for my demons...I have been struggling all week. Each day I got closer and closer to caving. Today I went as far as to buy a six pack and bring it home. Even with my closest SD supports begging me not to. I carried those cans home with the same amount of nerves as an angsty teen hoping to score with her high school crush while her parents are out running errands. It was the ultimate walk of shame. ..When I got home I pulled a can away from the pack. And then I stared at it. And stared some more. Then I put them all in the fridge and walked away. Eventually I called someone and had him come remove the offensive beverages. I'll spare you all the dramatic details. ..But... Now what? I'm so confused. I wanted to drink so badly but I couldn't bring myself to open the can. I know I should be proud but I feel like I failed at failing. I'm not even sure what the point of this post is. I just needed to get it out I guess. ..If there's one thing I learned though it's those who love you will always be there to lift you up. I met my two most cherished sober friends here on SD and I wouldn't still have this badge in the triple digits if it weren't for them. I love you ladies to the moon and then some. 
----------immediate responses--------

Victory!! Sometimes you just gotta get it out there. Infact I had a post similar to this the other day I found myself in MY liquor store staring with the wall'o'rum. I left without purchasing but they still recognized me asked how my dogs were long time no see blahblahblah. I too felt horrible because it was still "MY" store and I went in and if my husband hadn't followed me and I was in fear of causing a scene I don't know what woulda happened...Glad you found some good people on here I have a few myself. Congrats on your 5 months too!..Keep your head up homeslice! You are doing a great job you are worthy and deserving of your sobriety and happiness it brings! I am proud of you...High Five!
Hey you're doing great!  ..Keep doing it!
Congrats on your strength and doing the next right thing.  SD folks are indeed the very best.
Failed at failing could be considered a double negative and is therefore a positive. I know if I brought beer home with the plan to drink them I would not have stopped. (I'd have scored...a hangover the next morning.) I'd try to identify the root of what is causing that urge to cave and then look for those new benefits that sobriety keeps bringing each day. Sending you positive thoughts. Sober on.
Yeah!!! I got mine Friday I'm so glad we're both still hanging in!
