-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f96nf/relapsed_at_91_days_scared_again/

I'm telling my story here because I can't go to any meetings given my current situation. ..91 days was the longest I've ever had. I was proud of myself. I was healthy confident stable. I had peace of mind. All the emotions of active addiction had passed. I was happy I think. I had kind of forgotten what it used to be like. Last night I went back out. I made a fool of myself. Lost people's respect. Worst of all I'm going through a flood of emotions I haven't experienced in three months. I'm scared anxious disappointed ashamed. Homesick. I was on the straight and narrow for as long as I've ever been and now I'm back in the thick of it. It's terrifying. This is just such a lifelong battle and I've tried and failed so many times I wonder and worry about how long I'm going to make it. I want to go home. 
----------immediate responses--------

You've done more than I've been able to accomplish. Get back on that horse. You can do this. Forgive yourself. If those folks knew what you had accomplished they'd be amazed
Been there again and again till I got desperate. 
This will only make you stronger.
&gt;I had kind of forgotten what it used to be like.  ..It helps me to never forget what happens when I drink. One day at a time works for me. What are you going to do differently this time so you remember the power of alcohol?
First Congrats on 91 Days!!!  ..Never forget you still have 91 days sober they are never lost.  You learned valuable lessons and made tremendous progress.  My guess is how you're feeling right now is largely due to the amount of alcohol you had.  If you went black out it could take a few days to recover...This slip needn't turn into a full blown relapse.  As bad as you may feel now taking the ACTION of not drinking TODAY will get you right back in the groove of thing rather quickly...&gt;  This is just such a lifelong battle and I've tried and failed so many times..You DIDN'T fail you produced a result; the result of continued drinking.  What did/can you learn from those times and what will you DO differently today?
I know the feeling.  But congrats on 91 days I can't get 30..  So get right back at it.
I have been there many times. I went to my first meeting in April of 2013 and did not get an honest 90 days until January 15th of 2015. Today is the first day of my 18th month sober...My advice is don't quit quitting. If you like going to meetings go back. There's nothing saying you can't go back - I was always welcomed back after a relapse. What changed things for me was getting a sponsor and getting honest with myself and another human being...Best of luck and keep trying! You can do it.
Forgive yourself. I expect your meeting group will too if you are honest with them and yourself. 91 days is awesome and I know it feels great to put that string together. I'd say just get back at it. You learned a lot in those 91 days about how to put the sober days together. Daily commitment to a sober day and then do it. I know it gets easier as it becomes habit. I think sobriety is well worth the effort. Sending you positive vibes through the power of the internet. You got this.
If I quit quitting when I relapsed at 90 days I wouldn't have made it here. Or 4 months either. The friends I've made at AA were just glad I came back. Its been a long trip for me but I love the way things are going. I won't drink with you Mon.
Last time only made it to 80.  Be proud of that 90 and get back onboard - that is what this is all about.  
you've acknowledged that you've fallen off the horse and that's all you can do. now you get back up and you start again. i failed twice before my third (and hopefully final) time of getting sober. there are still some friends i've not gotten back since my last bout... but i've had to make peace with that...what's the situation that you can't go to meetings if i can ask? either way this subreddit is a steadfast beacon that'll always be here and i've yet to use the chat myself (and only just learned tonight that there is one) but that could be helpful too especially if you need or want a response right away...take this time around just one day at a time. hell. one minute at a time if that's what it takes. 
Try something different. .."Rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed our path" - How It Works AA Big Book. ..It's free
[deleted]
I suppose we could conclude that all these negative emotions are caused by the chemical effects of alcohol on the brain and the actions it influences us to undertake altering our social interactions?..When a drinks has been close by I've tried to associate all the negative aspects of my life with that drink; it's literally 'drinking depression'. ..I'm sure you can get back on track; everyone will hit bumps in the road from time to time.
Your reaction to your relapse speaks volumes. Get back to that happier place. 
