-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f9xkz/my_comparison_pictures/

i really like the posts i've seen doing this. i've struggled to find two pictures that are at least somewhat similar but this was the best i could do. and i'm wearing makeup in the picture on the right i know.. so that already makes me "look better" but i guess the important thing is that.. i think i can still *see* it. my eyes look dead and i just look lifeless on the left and yet i thought drinking gave me energy and made me fun and made me this and made me that. ..the pic on the right is a month or so old from an impromptu road trip my husband and i took to go hunt him down a PSP GO and i bought resident evil: revelations for my 3DS. i'd just gotten in the car and he was getting his keys out and things situated and i was so happy and content. without alcohol. i'd like to think the difference could be seen despite makeup and natural light vs. no makeup/nighttime light...ETA: i replied to a comment on FB about this photo and wanted to add it here:..the left i don't even know how drunk i was or wasn't but that photo sums up my days. i was either semi drunk drunk or plastered from noon onward religiously. and at the end of the day of doing work keeping the house up trying to come off as shiny penny happy and functioning i'd just deflate. and yet oh i thought i was *so* much better back then and alcohol did me *so* well and that people would "not want to deal with me if i didn't have vodka or wine to loosen me up." oh man...[ta-da!](http://i.imgur.com/4cNNgYP.png)..i want to see more then and now pictures from you all. :) ...
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety looks good on you!  Your skin looks better and you just look healthier and happier.  Hopefully cleaner living will have the same effect on me!..Take care!
You look different in the second picture and it's not just the make-up. Congratulations on the transformation -- remember it's reflecting all the healing that's going on inside you!
&gt;i'd just gotten in the car and he was getting his keys out and things situated and i was so happy and content. without alcohol. ..moments like this are what really give me hope. For a very long time I thought I could only enjoy life with a beer or drink. ..also - you look wonderful. Its crazy how much alcohol changes our appearance. 
Not many people can pull of their hair bobbed. Looks good
The eyes don't lie looking good!!
Bowchicabowwow!  Lmao..Seriously though you look great and younger!  High five
Man congratulations!! Progress pictures really motivate me to stay sober. Thanks man
Wow. One of the best before and after photos I've seen. Well done. Keep it up!
Oh my gosh the difference in your eyes between the two pictures is so striking! You are radiating exactly what you said -- happiness and contentment. You look great!
I love makeup :)  You look fantastic!!!! 
