-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fahia/ive_been_here_before/

I've been here before. I've struggled with binge drinking for as long as I've BEEN drinking. It used to be a crutch but now things are better and I can honestly say it's no longer a prop. Still though the binging continues. What kills me is how CLOSE I am to a normal moderating individual. LARGELY I do just fine. Except for right now where it's 1:30 am and I'm awake because I decided to day drink margaritas all day alone. My boyfriend was out of town for a week. I'd bought tilapia and was going to cook him a nice meal as a welcome home. Instead I did my taxes (while drinking) then decided to go out and drink some more.  He didn't have his keys (gave em to his brother so he could take care of the motorcycle. City street parking struggles) and I was (I'm assuming) unconscious by 7:30pm. Way to fucking go. My iPhone screen is cracked too. But really all I can think about right now is the dread when the morning comes and I have to talk to him. I'm so ashamed. Fucking. It's just EASIER I find not drinking. I do okay in his presence but I can't be trusted alone and I don't think it's fair to heap that responsibility on him. He's fucking everything. And I missed him coming home after a week away because I was drunk. So. Day one. Hi everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

The important thing is that you are here! Thank you for sharing your struggle. You help others by telling your story. 160+ days is no joke! You are strong u/NSFBF! You know how good it feels to be clean and you can feel that way again all you have to do is not drink.
Can't change the past not even yesterday. Change today by not drinking today!!!
[deleted]
Join the relapse club! I had literally dozens of episodes where I'd put my foot down and say that I'm sobering up for good usually going strong for anywhere from a few days to in the longest case about a year and a half only to eventually say fuck it and fall back into my old binge-drinking habits. ..Here I am again during sober streak number who knows what (probably number 15 or so)...Even though I've lasted longer than this in the past I'm almost certain that this one is going to last the longest (and honestly perhaps even a lifetime.) This isn't because of some lofty faggy "I don't need booze to have fun!" mentality that I had drummed into my head by saccharine support group members. It's because the withdrawal symptoms I experienced at the tail end of my last bender were one of the single worst experiences of my entire life and I never want to go through anything even remotely like that again and also because I don't want to die a preventable death from alcohol-induced liver disease cancer etc...I don't really know where I'm going with this. I don't have anyone to talk to about my past drinking habits and decided to log back in tonight to vent...We've all been there before is my main point I guess. Relapses are old hat to most people in this subreddit. It happens. You'll probably get your shit together soon. Or maybe you'll descend into dark depths of alcohol usage and die of liver disease. The possibilities are endless!
Shame is worthless in my experience as long as I am motivated to change let's get sober together.
You're really beating yourself up. It's now time to pick yourself up dust yourself off and move forward. Rip your rear view mirror off look forward and stay in your lane. You just learned some valuable information about yourself. Add that you were able to do 90 days. That is no small accomplishment. Bumps like this made me more focused to what my reality had to be sometimes I feel that it's part of the process. I'm not drinking with you today. 
Close does not count.  "success" at moderation was an illusion a myth a fantasy because it never lasted and because I always ended up where I was before - or worse...It was in fact dangerous because it kept me trying again...Life without alcohol is extremely fulfilling for me - I miss drinking to the same extent that I miss the last bout of flu I had...Thing is I needed more than will power.  You might consider Smart AA or whatever  
I'm right there with you. This is going to be Day 1 for me too. I tell myself I can moderate and here I am with little recollection of yesterday and a lot of empty bottles to clean up
