-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fb527/dating_while_sober/

Before I head into my program today I wanted to say this voice these concerns etc. ..I'm not drinking - won't do it. Weirdly enough the hardest part is the emotionally the easiest part. I don't want to drink because drunk me in ingenuine unhappy and either mean or promiscuous. I don't like being any of those things...The problem is that I'm single now. The person I was dating straight up told me "I can't be some emotional support system for you." Which... fine... whatever. I'm going through hard times and I know I'm worth more than that. If he doesn't want to be there for me when I'm going through them I don't want to be with him at all...The problem is when I *am* ready to start dating again. I don't know where to begin. I'm used to meeting guys at the bar! When we meet somewhere else that first date is usually at the bar. I'd have a drink to calm my nerves... whatever. I'm afraid that when I tell people "I don't drink" that they won't want to get to know me. I'm afraid of trying to find date ideas and how to be fun when the nights hanging around the house get boring...My friend gave me some pretty good advice: "Any guy who refuses to date a girl solely because she doesn't drink might as well right 'I have to drink to have/be fun' on his forehead. And you don't want to get involved with those people harder. Yeah it might be harder to find someone but you'll probably find more quality people who respect you... think about the people you've been dating. They all kind of sucked."..And to put it into perspective she reminded me that the ONE "bar date" she and her boyfriend of four and a half years had ever been on was the time that she her boyfriend his friend and I all met up for drinks one night. They always find something else to do...But I was wondering - anyone else kind of afraid of that struggle? Got any insight for me? 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;According to statistics from the National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC) 30% of American adults don't consume alcohol. Of those that do drink the median number of drinks per week is three. The mean average is misleading because the actual data is very lopsided: the top 10% of Americans drink on average 74 alcoholic drinks per week over 10 a day. This means that many Americans drink little or nothing but those folks on the high end of the spectrum often binge drink and hit the bottle or can hard.  .  .[Source](http://www.healthyplace.com/blogs/debunkingaddiction/2015/04/many-americans-dont-drink-alcohol/). Unfortunately we've kind of been lied to by pop culture into thinking that everybody drinks. But in reality there are plenty of non drinkers out there. There's also a lot of people who drink infrequently. I think you'll find you've actually expanded your dating pool not restricted it. Best of luck to you!
Get involved in some hobbies. Working out volunteering community theater adults sport leagues karoake live music or whatever. There are a ton of sober activities out there where you can meet men without alcohol involved. 
My gf just broke up with me a couple weeks ago and I have this same thought. I live in a college town basically synonymous with beer (our unofficial nickname is Fort Beer) and I'm honestly not really sure how to meet women now. It seems like everything in this town revolves around alcohol and I'm quickly realizing all of my friends are alcoholics. Right now though I think I'm going to stay single for a little while and work on myself and my own mental health.
Try OK Cupid. They have settings to filter people who don't drink. Other than that just normal places. Work coffee shop etc. it seems like it'll be hard to find someone but it won't be. Somewhat related most old heads I talk to say it's best to not try and date for the first year or so. There's so much to learn about and focus on with yourself that trying to juggle a relationship on top tends to end in disaster. Good luck with your program!
I will second OKC. I have met two great people there and both of them were non drinkers. Getting new and healthy hobbies is also very useful. I raise chickens and crochet. It keeps my hands busy and my chickens love me and keep me entertained for hours. And lay yummy eggs. If you spend the time focusing on yourself and your needs the dating thing will resolve itself. Just be patient. 
I know from past posts you were refinding or rejoining religion. Had a church and everything depending on where you land singles groups galore. Still it is very good advice to wait. Coming out of addiction involve a lot of soul searching introspection and your priorities and goals will more than likely evolve.
I'm right there with you.  I just ended a LTR.  I'm very worried that I'll be boring sober. I'm tempted to drink on a date.  Spring is very hard with all the festivals and what not. In the past though I just ended up drunk and picking up some girl at the bar that I didn't really like.  Not a good formula.  
[removed]
