-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fef7b/feeling_a_little_hopeless/

I just wanted to post somewhere to vent a little.  My first serious attempt at quitting drinking was around a month after my girlfriend broke up with me.  Alcohol was a big part of why that happened.  I started seeing a drug and alcohol counselor as well as an academic progress monitor.  I went to maybe 2 or 3 AA meetings and quit for 10 months.  My Uncle died and I relapsed for a few months.  ..On my birthday (almost 2 months ago) I relapsed again.  I was having fun the first few times but a beer here and there quickly escalated into pints of whiskey and yesterday a handle.  I got belligerent and was mouthing off to an old friend and revealed a lot of secrets that I wish I hadn't.  I'm done I can't do it anymore.  Today is day 1.  ..The last time I quit around 4 days in I think I entered some sort of psychosis...  has anyone had any experiences like that?  I got super paranoid and was having delusions about spoofing emails and was having feelings of constant deja vu.  It was terrifying.  For example I'd come on Reddit and everything had an eery feeling like I had seen everything the day before.  I'd read the news and feel like I had somehow caused all of the disasters.  I thought people were going to come into my house and kill my parents.  At that point I went to the hospital I thought I saw and heard my boss and coworkers and thought I'd somehow gotten my boss sent to jail in a foreign country.  Thinking back it may have been delirium tremors but that constant deja vu thing was unlike anything I've heard about.  If anyone can shed any light on any of that I'd appreciate it =)..About the hopeless bit I'm just tired of being in and out of sobriety.  It's exhausting =(
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I would seek medical attention of some sort while going through sobriety this time.  And make it stick dammit!  This is YOUR TIME!
When I first quit I felt like I was going crazy. After speaking from my wife who suffers from anxiety it sounded like I was having episodes of severe anxiety. This can happen often for those quitting any vice booze or otherwise. Meditation helped me quite a bit but I did have to see a therapist a couple of times to help me work through some issues. ..Wishing you the best!
For me moderation was basically just in and out of sobriety.  And you're right it's crazy exhausting.  I'm sorry to hear of your hopelessness but you are in a good place.  I'm glad you're here.  Not drinking with you today
