-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ff2l7/ive_been_struggling_with_sobriety_but_this_time_i/

I guess I just want to vent I'm not sure I need advice or maybe I do and just don't know it. I've been struggling with alcoholism for 15 years now. Its usually on/off but I tend to go on multi day binges and get blackout drunk. I do really really dumb things when I get this way and absolutely hate myself the days following. I wont drink for a week to a month but then something sets me off and I start again and I feel like a worthless piece of crap all over again...Last weekend was one such bender after a couple of days of not drinking I met up with an old friend and I said yes to a couple of beers. I wasn't driving I hadn't seen my friend in a long time so I thought it would be fun to catch up and maybe play a song or two with him. A few turned into a case and eventually I got blackout drunk and got violent. I got thrown out into the street but another friend took pity on me and took me home but not before he found me passed out in the alley behind the house. ..Sunday morning reading the texts of shame I completely broke down crying. I felt so ashamed I just wanted to crawl under the disgusting moss in my garden and hide from the world and die with my shame. It was at this point that I knew I cannot do this anymore. I cant control my drinking which I foolishly thought I could. One of those nights I might just end up doing something completely stupid and end up in jail for a long long time or worse six feet under...I've lost a lot to drinking already from girlfriends to possessions to my health. I just cant do it anymore. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here. I have found this place as a good start with my sobriety. I would do some reading and take part in the daily check in and pledge not to drink for 24 hours. Have you thought about face to face support groups or therapy? Hang in there. Just posting what you did is the first step. There is always someone here that will listen and help. Hope to see you around here. 
&gt;I just cant do it anymore...Ugh.  This hit me hard tonight.  I remember that moment.....When I finally hit the point where I said "Help me..I can't keep doing this anymore" I had finally hit my own rock bottom.  In AA they call that the "gift of desperation"..and I found it.  When I realized I couldn't do it alone...it was not a matter of willpower...I was genuinely out of control and I finally knew it.  ..THAT was when I started to climb back out of the deep dark hole I had been drowning in...And people here on SD helped throw me a lifeline on that climb back out...many times.  Don't give up.  If the things you tried before haven't worked maybe it is time to try something else.  Rehab intensive outpatient treatment therapy recovery meetings spiritual advisors group therapy..there are so many options out there.  It can be done.  
Yeah I found out I can't moderate... I want all the Vodka. I find it easier not to drink then it is to stop drinking. So I would rather not. 
I couldn't do it anymore either. And now I can honestly say I'm so so so glad I hit bottom when I did. I absolutely adore being sober. My life is a million times better than I ever imagined. And it can happen to anyone if they're open and willing to change...Glad you're here friend. 
