-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ffohh/i_didnt_drink_but_wondering_if_my_suicide_attempt/

I just got back from the hospital a few nights ago I intentionally overdosed by swallowing all of my prescribed medication in an attempt to take my own life my roommates found me couldn't wake me up and called an ambulance and I spent a few days hooked up to an IV to recover from the damage some people from the rooms have told I have to restart my sobriety date some say I don't some say it doesn't matter because I'm in crisis and there are more important things for me to worry about right now. I really don't want to reset my clean time even if I only have 56 days because I'm not sure I have to motivation to carry on if I have to start from 0. Me and sponsor disagree on the matter but I am willing to do 90 in 90 which I never have attempted in my 2 years of recovery so far. I'm in a very fragile head-space I shared about my experience at a meeting today and feeling very raw. I meet with a crisis team on Thursday to figure out my options. I also am looking for online support because I feel really alone and afraid right now.
----------immediate responses--------

 I am glad that you are still with us and I agree with the individuals that say that it does not matter at this point. I went through the exact same situation. I personally chose to reset my badge but my sponsor did not care to even talk about my clean date. She was just worried for my safety. I think that is what you need to focus on at this point and you know your sobriety will keep you safe.  
I say you don't. I agree with you. I want the best for you. 
I'm glad you're okay. I wouldn't reset my badge if I were you. It sounds like what happened had nothing to do with alcohol. I agree that focusing on your safety is most important right now.
Badges clean dates chips etc. are kind of irrelevant at this point in time.  I've been in your shoes twice so I know the important thing right now is to ensure your health and safety.  Worrying about things like badges clean dates and all that is kind of silly at this point...I have nothing but love and support for you.  I can empathize for where you have been and where you are at.  It sucks but if I'm any indication it does get better.
