-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fislb/how_to_deal_with_the_past/

"We will neither regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it."..How? I still regret the past. I want to forget all about it. The past is one of the contributing factors to my relapses. I want to drink to forget. I'm constantly guilty and ashamed because of it. I'm depressed because of it. I break off contact with people because I'm embarrassed over it. My past weighs heavily on me. I've paid through the nose for it emotionally and otherwise. Years and years of never ending repeated mistakes that have cost me friends and loved ones. How is it possible to learn how to accept and remember your past? 
----------immediate responses--------

As that is a quote from the big book of alcoholics anonymous I assume you have attended at least one meeting. The way I have made that promise come true is to get a sponsor (just another alcoholic who has done the steps) and take the 12 steps myself. Then ccontinue to work the program of Aa to the best of my ability.
My girlfriend just left kind of pissed off because we made plans to have lunch today but it would have involved alcohol and it definitely would have involved me ranting and raving about losing my job and I just don't think either one of those things should happen today...I am really struggling to see the benefits of not drinking and a really strange thing that has happened for me is I had no problem at all sticking to a commitment to not drink during the entirety of tax season about four months but now that tax season is officially over I'm having a lot of trouble committing to not drinking just today.  Why is one day so much harder than four months??..I don't think there's a person alive who doesn't regret something in their past or who doesn't feel shame about something completely unrelated to drinking.  Add alcohol/drugs into the mix and wow [fill in the blank]...  As human beings we do some weird misguided and completely fucked up things to each other and ourselves.  And while drinking may put you in a mindset of not caring about it in that moment it doesn't change it.  It's there whether you're sober or not...Years and years of never ending repeated mistakes is over and done with.  There's not a thing in the world you can do to change it.  But you can choose to try your best to not repeat those same mistakes in the present...The past is over.  It's gone.  It's done.  Sometimes when I'm feeling sorry for myself and wishing I could go back and do something differently I think about for example the Boston Marathon bombing guy who just threw out the 1st pitch at a game.  That guy I would guess has moments of wishing nine ways to Tuesday or however that expression goes that he could change the past.  But in the rest of the moments he leaves the past in the past and steps into the present on the mound with his daughter and the guy who's going to play him in a movie and throws out the 1st pitch...I'm not an AA Big Book kind of person but I do know one of the steps is to make amends unless it would harm the other person to do so.  Would the people you've involved in your past mistakes be open to you soberly and sincerely making amends in the present?  Regardless of whether or not you could repair/salvage the relationship if you could soberly and sincerely accept responsibility for your past mistakes and commit to trying your best to not repeat them in the present would you be able to put the past in the past?..In the past I would have gone to lunch had a few drinks and probably would have spent the entire meal ranting and complaining instead of visiting with my best friend.  I probably would have divulged some things about my boss better left in confidence I probably would have come home and had another glass of whine because I was so riled up and I probably would have typed out a few emails or texts I would feel were justified in the moment but would probably come to regret...Instead I'm going to make a different choice in the present.
I'm 61 years old and I assure you that I did a lot of rotten things in my hey day up and till 2009 when I again (I was sober previously) decided enough was enough.  For me the answer was counseling + AA meetings.  Shame and guilt are useless in my experience unless I am willing to change.  And if I'm changing shame and guilt are useless--because my past is part of who I am.
I have struggled with shame and found counseling to be really helpful. But truth be told the best thing I did to tackle shame was to tackle sobriety full force. I can't change the past but I can choose not to repeat the same mistakes. I know that seems like a cop-out but that is what works for me.
I know you definitely cannot beat yourself up or torture yourself over it. This can lead to relapse. I give permission to forgive yourself and just put it out of your head. You should do the same. .If things from your past are actively affecting your present take a deep breathe and remind yourself that that was a different person that made those mistakes. And deal with it to the best of your ability. That is all you can do...If you have someone in your life who 'won't let you live it down' or is making it hard for you to forgive yourself and move forward they are toxic. They are likely to cause a relapse move forward without them.
I still have some regrets - these are about people who I can't show the "new me" to...Shutting the door is what we do in active addiction...When I did the steps with a sponsor I found I could process a lot of stuff and put it aside as "the past" in order to move into "the future"...It's about getting to the point where you can say "I am a good person who made mistakes"  I am responsible for my actions but I am not full of shame about being an alcoholic..
Counseling and working the 12 steps of AA helped me cope. The steps have tools which directly address the issues of shame guilt and regret. The steps helped me accept that I cannot change the past. Not drinking today means it is unlikely I will engage in shameful behaviors. I made appropriate amends and was able to let go of what I cannot control. ..Do you have a sponsor who has helped you work the steps?
If you're me  I look to the future.  I make amends where I can and I slowly learn to give myself grace. I commit to recognizing and changing the behaviors that in addition to alcohol got my in those situations and I learn to do thing differently.  Blessings on your journey.
I'm using a 12-step program.  It's basically figuring out what's weighing on you deciding if/how you want to address it taking action to take some of the weight off (even if the action is just leaving someone alone).  For me it's been a really structured way of dealing with my past.  A light example: I had a friend that was very supportive of me who I boxed out of my life for no reason other than apathy.  I stopped picking up the phone when he called.  Last week I called him for the first time in two years and we got caught up and it was just like old times (we somehow talked for an hour and had to stop because his lunch break was over).  We're good now.    ..No one makes me do anything.  But once I knocked out that first one and felt the weight come off I started wanting to do the bigger stuff...although I've been slacking for the past month.
