-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fnwcl/fired_in_sobriety/

I am a little over two years into a life of sobriety and as a whole my life has gotten significantly better. Yeah I still have the ups and downs of life and struggle at times in finding my place in the world and being content with my lot in life but overall things are much better. I have a girlfriend I love dearly something I never experienced while drinking great personal relationships which are improved through me being open and honest and up until yesterday a shiny new job. ..After a few months of struggling to acclimate to the new role and making my fair share of mistakes I was fired. I have not been able to grasp all that was being thrown my way from day one and I have honestly been beaten down over the last several weeks. My confidence was already shot because I really want my work to be sufficient and it has not been and I hate letting people down. All this has really taken a toll on me and I was personally already looking ahead to something different but that doesn't change the feelings of shame doubt and low self worth. ..I haven't posted much on here but I do still stop by to read others comments from time to time and I was just moved to put this out there. Sobriety hasn't meant that all my struggles have gone away if anything it just brought me to an even playing field with the rest of the world since I am no longer self sabotaging. People lose their jobs everyday and most of them have no prior history of drug/alcohol abuse so why should I think I am a special flower that is immune to those things now. ..I didn't drink yesterday didnt even consider it and making it through today without a drink has to be my number one priority because if I do the next job will be even harder to get/keep my relationships will fall by the wayside and I will be playing life on extra hard mode. ..Thanks and good luck to everyone today 
----------immediate responses--------

I greatly admire your outlook. You are facing one of my greatest fears and the way you are handling it is both logical and productive. I know you will be fine. Best to you. 
There is no way of knowing what caused this.  Were you still drinking there would probably be clues in your attendance record stupid mistakes made after liquid lunches the inappropriate things said and done in staff meetings.  Sober the trail is less clear...The trick is to not take it personally even if it was.  One of the things I had to battle in life was the teaching from parents and society that "you are what you do"  that is how you are measured...One of the great things about recovery is that is often not asked and certainly not used as a determinant of who you are.  You will survive this and perhaps even come out on top.  so long as your recovery continues.....  stay in touch.... 
Best vibes to you. You empathize with everything said here. 
First Congrats on over 2 years sober!!!  ..I'm sorry to hear about the job loss and that you've made the decision not to drink.  I think you're correct in that the next drink could lead into a fast slide into the abyss...&gt;  All this has really taken a toll on me and I was personally already looking ahead to something different..Perhaps this particular job wasn't a good fit for you.  This experience might be an opportunity for you to dig into your soul and find a new path.  It may take a little time to process the emotions you have but I would try to be very mindful of any negative self-sabotaging talk going on in your head.  ..Take Care.. 
Great inspiration. ..I too was not and never going to beat life on 'Hard Mode' :). Normal/Easy for me for as long as possible and most definitely today.
That is such a mature response to a difficult situation.  You have clearly demonstrated the benefits of not drinking regardless of what life throws at you.  I hope you get an amazing job very shortly.  Thank you for being an inspiration to me today.
Sorry for what this job loss is putting you through. Kudos for taking it on the chin like a champ for what it's worth. Passing these extra-rotten shit tests of life sober will steel you. Of course I'm preaching to the choir.
I just love this post.  Of course I'm sorry that you are going through a tough time - but I love this post because you reminded me of something that is SO very important:  ..&gt;Sobriety hasn't meant that all my struggles have gone away if anything it just brought me to an even playing field with the rest of the world since I am no longer self sabotaging...That my friend is wisdom.  Congratulations on your sobriety.  I wish you well and will look forward to your post down the road about how you are so glad that it happened so that you could find this new better job.  :) 
Getting fired was the best thing that ever happened to me. Life might just have something bigger and better in store for you.
Congratulations on your 2 years man.  Not everyone is going to like what we do job wise or personal wise even though we are sober.  By all means to have my sympathy and my wishes that something better comes along. Hope you continue to hang tough.
I hear you. The job wasn't a fit for you and you'll come back stronger from this. You are one step closer to knowing what you want to do with your life!..I too suffer from confidence issues in work. If I'm struggling I get slower at my work and that in turn triggers more negative outcomes which make me feel worse. ..Getting fired is character building as hell! And if you stay sober youll come back so much stronger.
Thank you all for the kind words! It has really meant a lot to me knowing that my short post meant something to everyone even though that wasn't my intent and I just needed to get it off my chest. ..My loving girlfriend and I have been doing long distance for about 6 months after meeting at a wedding last year. She grew up with the bride in South Carolina. I know the groom thru sobriety and funny enough I knew the bride as an old party friend of mine. Long story short this bridesmaid and I have fallen for each other pretty quickly while making trips back and forth and doing everything we can to make it work. ..Just last week we decided to start taking actions that would enable me to move out there it has been a talking point for a while but nothing concrete has formed. I was uncertain when or how I would facilitate the transition with work being so busy so I am trying to look at this as god/the universe making that decision for me...As for whats next...I guess I start applying for jobs in Greenville SC and try to get my house in Austin rented out to limit my overhead. She is already asking when I can come out but I think I am going to have a bit better gameplay before just showing up. ..Once again thank you for the kind words and keep up the good work ladies and gents
Your skin is getting thicker !! Way to go !
I really appreciate you sharing this. I would add more 'really's but I won't. I've been taking crap jobs my whole adult life because that was the best way to be able to drink how I wanted to and I was scared to pursue anything more difficult or rewarding. Still am a little bit I suppose...I've been going back to school recently for something that I enjoy and is challenging. I've been working hard and doing well. Despite this I know that there are jobs in this field that will be beyond my abilities even if I'm sober and working at it as hard as I can. I always used the excuse that I could do so much better if I were drinking. I hid under that blanket and now that's not there anymore...Rejection or failure bothers me more than I know it should so your example of how it feels to be ashamed and hurt is wonderful to me as I imagine (in my vivid imagination) that I will have to go through it as well. Your response so far seems wonderful well thought out and sincere to me. Keep at it and for what it's worth I really really appreciate your input today.
While looking for your next gig pick up a copy of Strengthsfinder 2.0 and take the on-line assessment to discover your unique strengths. There is a job out there that needs what you are gifted to do especially if you are sober...
