-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fu1dc/i_decided_to_keep_ameditation_journal_one_day_one/

Hey everyone! Happy Thursday :) so a few years ago when things were pretty bad (ptsd lots of guilt shame and regret) I decided that maybe if I forgave those around me who had wronged me then I could learn to forgive myself. A sort of Monkey see monkey do. And it worked. :) things began to get better. I came to understand the negative parts of my life make up who I am today just as much as the positive. I'm not who I am today *despite* what I've gone through but *because* of what I've gone through. And in that understanding came peace and forgiveness.   ..That's not really why I'm writing though. I'm writing because I had a similar idea when it comes to stopping drinking. I bought a thick ass journal at barns and noble (my god I'm in NYC and the place was nearly empty. Sign of the times I guess). The biggest thickest one they had. Spiral bound lefties know the struggle is real. ..And I wrote in it last night. No date just Day 3 (...I only JUST thought of it. Wish I had two days sooner. Dang) just a page a quote a reason why I'm doing this. I plan to write a single page for every day I'm sober. Back to back till the book is full. How long am I staying sober? Beats me I'll reevaluate when the book (easily 1000 pages especially back to back) is full. I also don't mind (....too much) if my darling boyfriend stumbles on it because it's not meant to be a DIARY full of my fears and doubts (I use Day One for that. Excellent app) but more just...a place to meditate on being sober. My feelings on it. I don't think I'll be wasting too many pages on trying to find out WHY I have a drinking problem because I'm realizing I don't think there is a reason...Anyway. I think it's a good idea and you guys are the only ones who'd see the value in it. Hope everyone's having a safe and sober Thursday! .[Here she is the beaut](http://imgur.com/a/nodWb)..- NSFBF 
----------immediate responses--------

I love the idea of journaling each day but it never sticks. When I do take the time I also use the Day One app and agree it's excellent...Your one day one page does give me an idea that I might be able to use at work. ..Happy Day 4!
I love this! You inspired me to look around my house for a journal I could do something like this in. I did have an early sobriety Journal I could write in. And it would be fun to look back at it. Thank you for the idea!
journaling is one the most powerful tools in my tool box! I hope it helps you as much as it did me. Know thyself.
