-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fx7on/loading_up_my_travel_toolbox/

Since last December I've made immense progress through regular therapy honesty with myself and others and learning to say 'no'. Despite a few mistakes and setbacks I've been sober 95% of those days and feel wonderful in general. I owe a great deal of this to SD so thank you!  .The one area I still struggle with is travel which I do regularly for work. As with other drinking triggers it seems to be all about habits. I've been white knuckling it most of the time gritting my teeth as I walk past all the bars filled with laughing people... But I don't want to white knuckle it anymore. And I don't want to end up drinking as I've done a couple of times recently at airports/on planes.  .Any fellow travelers out there have tips for establishing new habits while on the road? How can I get my brain's reward center refocused? My next trip is tomorrow and I've already decided I'm not going to drink no matter what. I will establish this AGAIN in the morning before heading out!  .Thanks all!
----------immediate responses--------

I have been away from home working for most of the last year.  The majority of my work takes me to Europe and as I live on the West Coast of the US is 8-9 time zones away...My problem with drinking has arisen during the last year while I've been away from my life family and friends.  I can completely relate with issue(s) you are raising...I've been exposed in the short time I've quit to a couple of the situations you mention...For me club soda in a nice drink glass with a couple of limes tastes and feels just like a drink.  I can sip on that and (for me) having something to hold while I'm at a distant work function or on an airplane is comforting.  I've also found that I am more funny and entertaining when I am sober.  It is amazing how much people who are drinking laugh at my jokes!  Maybe they are a little less critical when they have a buzz.  I don't know.  But twice since I've stopped I've heard from people I went out with the night before about how funny I was!  ..On the plane I remind myself that the pilot(s) and flight attendants aren't drinking and I look round and see that something like 80% of the other passengers aren't drinking either.  For some reason that makes me more comfortable not drinking myself.  Don't know if that helps you.  Also if you have an iPad.  Load it up with a novel or some non fiction you are interested in and commit to yourself you will read during flight.  I keep myself occupied...Good luck!  For me the loneliness being away from home is the biggest trigger.  
What ViaHuerto says about planes...so true not that many people are actually drinking! Turns out it was just me asking for my 3rd or 4th bottle of travel wine. I sip on ginger ale it's really quite delicious and helps settle my stomach if I'm nervous (about the flight). Whether I'm at home or traveling I find that treating myself to a super nice NA drink helps with cravings; some coffee confection with whipped cream or a chai latte; cranberry and soda with lime if I'm at a restaurant. Having traveled both sober and drinking I love the fact that early mornings are not the beastly hair-of the-dog situation they used to be; I'm calmer in all ways and on time for everything. Best wishes!
I used to travel quite a lot for work and still have to on occasion.  I found that I would drink in the airport on the plane and at the hotel either in the lobby or in my room.  If I was on a team then it was common for everyone to gather in the hotel lobby and drink their faces off before meetings the next day...I now have to travel to Germany annually for work.  This started shortly after I stopped drinking and it's been a challenge.  That being said I've successfully been able to not drink...What I've done is I've gone in with a plan.  What can I do to ensure that my sobriety remains in tact.  I use it travelling or not but it's really come in handy when travelling.  When the temptation or the urge comes up this is what I do..- Remind myself of my commitment.  Remind myself that I've done well to this point that I've made the commitment to myself and to others..- Recognize what is happening acknowledge it and say to yourself that you can get through this without a drink and this will pass.  Positive affirmation is really helpful..- Do some quick mindfulness.  Things like deep breathing (4 in 2 hold 6 out) mindful walking awareness of senses etc.  Things that I can do quickly in the moment and not really noticeable to others...- Excuse myself and go to the bathroom.  Basically this is quickly removing myself from the situation allowing me to reset before going back to the situation...- Distract myself.  Cravings typically last no more than 15 minutes.  If I can find something to distract myself for 15 minutes then the craving will pass and I'll be able to move on...- Contact someone.  Reach out to a friend or family member phone or text.  You don't have to talk about your craving (you can if you want) but again you just want to distract yourself...- Get out of the situation permanently.  Kind of a last resort but if you have to you have to.  I've had to do this before in Germany miles from my hotel.  Trying to navigate buses and cabs in my non-existent German is much better than having a drink...If you are in a situation where you are around alcohol you can always set a limit to the time you want to spend there regardless of cravings.  I always limit myself to no more than two hours.  It used to be early on no more than 30 minutes but I'm more confident now that I can handle it and extend it to a longer period of time...Good luck and keep us posted!
