-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g89zt/almost_at_two_weeks_and_struggling/

I wasn't an out of control alcoholic. Didn't drink every day and never drank at home. But when I went out for "a drink" it almost always turned into 3-5 drinks. ..Since I've stopped drinking I've been feeling really miserable. Nothing has been going right and its starting to affect my relationship with my bf. ..It feels like not drinking isn't worth all the difficulty. ..Anyone have advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Be patient It's still early.  Feeding your brain with chemicals changes the way you think and feel so when you cease to feed your brain with those chemicals you will go through a whole other change.   On top of that (and this may not be the case for you) many of us drink to suppress feelings so when we stop drinking we are faced with reality.  That can be difficult and painful sometimes but it's better to have the opportunity to face reality as it truly is than to hide from it and cope with a drink. ..Stay strong.  Talk to the folks in your life that give you support.  Be honest about your feelings and emotions and let them help you adjust.  Hurting isn't always a bad thing it's often a sign of progress just like going to the gym.  
Why did you decide to stop drinking in the first place? I usually cast my mental eye on a "pros and cons" list and the cons of drinking always heavily outnumber any pros.
It's going to be difficult. For a long time.  The pull will be there waiting for you to give in get tired sad bored. It will take any weak moment to convince you that sobriety is not worth it. It is a lie. Freedom and lightness of spirit live in being sober. You are worth everything good and loving in this world and being sober is the path to that. Be brave. Be strong.
I'm at two weeks right now too. Exercise has been my crutch anytime I feel an urge to drink or feel heavy emotions that push me towards drinking...I've been running a mile every day after work and playing with my dogs in order to pass the time until bedtime.  Emotions seem to be difficult but the exercise makes me feel more energetic and takes my mind off of drinking...Keep staying strong and always remember your support. If you are struggling don't be afraid to ask them for help.
I think of why I stopped in the first place. I'm also not an every day drinker. We have plenty of booze in the apartment and I never touch it....but maybe 5 out of 10 times I drink way more than I meant to. I black out maybe once a week. I get into this compulsively self destructive mode where my brain will keep drinking until my body gives out. I made my boyfriend cry last time. He was terrified for me. Now when I think maybe it's not worth it or I can moderate all I see is his face in that moment and its like a visceral reaction to the thought of booze.   ...Sounds like you need to do some thinking on why you wanted to stop. It's hard. It's become such a part of everyday life that to take it out leaves a hole. But I promise after a couple months life feels totally normal and you can't remember what all the fuss was about. 
Using alcohol to avoid that feeling of discomfort is what sucked me into binge drinking. Every sober day I am more able to manage the natural anxiety of life. One day at a time is about so much more than not drinking. Be mindful of the present..
