-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g9jno/things_are_great_and_im_depressed_as_hell/

I felt the need to share a little.  If this isn't the right place let me know...I've been sober for about four months now.  Getting here was an extremely rocky ride.  It took a year going in and out of rehab relapse jail a separation a suicide attempt social services etc.  But i made it through.  And I've been happier than ever.  Or i was until fairly recently...For the past month or so I've been finding myself more and more depressed.  Its weird because things are only getting better for me.  I have a stable environment.  I'm going back to school to follow my passions and leaving behind a career i hated but stuck with for a decade because it was easy money.  I'm in the best shape of my life.  I have my kids back and they're awesome.  My wife is wearing her wedding ring again...But I'm super depressed almost suicidal.  It came out of nowhere.  I was previously genuinely happy.  I don't get it.
----------immediate responses--------

I have no advice at all other than the fact you can identify that you feel like this is actually a positive. Being aware of your emotions and feelings is a huge step towards controlling them and not retreating in to a further downwards spiral...Have you got a therapist friend colleague etc that you could talk to and share these feelings with? 
Kind of like a craving Ive had moments where I felt low. Like those they pass for me if I stay active in my happy hobbies interests and activities. But then that'spossible because of my early therapy in getting sober. With all of the above and rehab have you seen a therapist or counselor? Not just for addiction but life?         .Talking to someone who is trained to listen was quite valuable for me. 
[removed]
Hi u/whythnot.  Congrats on your Four Months(!) and I'm happy you're here!  .I'm 54-YO and have battled alcoholism my entire life. Yes I've had periods of true Sobriety --and I'm hoping this is my final try! --But going back about 15-20 years ago I had not drank for about as long as you now and though good things were happening as a result of not drinking I also remember feeling EVERYTHING of what you wrote in your post.  At that time I was not going to any meetings/church or seeking any type of support.  One afternoon I told myself: before I go to the store to buy booze and toss these X-months away I'm going to call this alcohol support line first...  .I remember crying on the phone saying "So much has improved but I'm SO SAD I don't know how much longer I can do this". This wonderful person told me something that has totally stuck with me:   He said "Of course your sad you've lost your Best Friend!" --That was a big realization for me. Yes I was sharing my lonely and reclusive life with my best friend Alcohol.  .I did start going to meetings and even started going to church --just being around normal people helped. I also started Daily Meditation which I think had/has done the most good.  In very short order I wasn't just 'not drinking' I actually became "SOBER" and happiness seemed to return fairly quickly as I made conscious changes to balance my life mentally and spiritually.  .I wish I had the magic potion to help your sadness. For me at least Meditation and everyday going somewhere even to the library or mall where there are people is helping me stay centered..Hang in there my friend. We will both be A-OK.  .Blessings
Congrats on the four months. That's insanely impressive!..I can't say for certain but maybe you are suffering from depression and it might not be related to your non-drinking. In other words this may be a separate issue? The mods are pretty strict around here about medical advise and that kind of thing but I know your physician can prescribe medicine that might get your back to your normal non-despressed/suicidal self! ..Whatever it is just know that you are the boss for getting through what you got through!
