-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g9wij/2_weeks_tomorrow/

Tomorrow will be my 14th day without a drink. It's weird how different I feel without being loaded on cheap beer all day. I also happen to have the day off work tomorrow and want to find a way to celebrate 2 weeks without a drink but I have zero idea. Anyone have any ideas? Did any of you do anything to celebrate or reward yourself for not drinking for a period of time?..I realize 2 weeks is a very small amount of time but for me it's the longest I've ever been without a drink since I started drinking at 17. ..Please for the love of God don't tell me to eat something with sugar or to go eat something shitty haha. I have had enough cake cookies ice cream and Pizza to last a lifetime since I've quit drinking. But atleast I can wake up and remember how I got home and when I went to bed...Anyways for anyone out there struggling I'm still right there with you. I want nothing more than to sit and have a cold beer and lay by the pool but I understand the rewards to come from sobering up are just beginning. I talked to my dad on the phone about just life for the first time in forever yesterday I've began working out and running. My skin is clearing up my sleep is becoming regular. I am doing things that I wouldn't his done while drinking. I am facing my fears and learning how to function out of my alcohol induced comfort zone. I can't believe it's been 13 days. Thanks SD. Hope everyone makes this next week a good one!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congratulations! For the first two weeks or so I had a hard time staying away from junk food too but one day I had a revelation after a meeting at which someone said "You can't get drunk if you don't drink." It rung true for me because I was struggling with the idea of having "just one" and all the times I told myself I'd only have one flooded into my head with the result of each and every time was me losing control and getting wasted...So for me "I can't lose control if I don't drink. Not even a taste." has become my mantra. Then one day I applied that philosophy to eating: "I can't get fat/unhealthy if I don't eat shitty food." For some reason the simplicity made sense to me...To you request for ideas: Paintball. Aquarium. Hike. Movies. Do some math on how much you've saved and buy a toy worth that amount...Anyways keep kicking ass friend!
Im on my 7th day.   The ice cream is still sitting in the freezer; unopened.   It will be for emergency purposes only.   I have been stuffing myself with vegetables and drinking water to the point of being uncomfortable.
Go buy yourself something you've been wanting figure out how much money you've saved...at 6 months I bought myself a beautiful mala meditation necklace. Treat yourself!
2weeks! Good work! I'm right in your heels and I'm glad you asked this! .After day 7 of not drinking- I realized I'd saved enough to get my hair highlighted and cut for the first time in over a year.  Now that I'm coming up on two weeks I'm thinking maybe treating myself to a massage or spa treatment!
Two weeks is huge. For me the first few weeks were much harder to get through then what came after. I thinking making it through this initial phase is by far the hardest part you should be proud of what you've accomplished! I love being sober I only regret taking so long to get started. Congratulations!
