-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gdr04/one_year_a_sober_reflection/

One year ago I consumed the last alcoholic drink I would ever take without even knowing it at the time. It was April 25 2015. To preface I am a 32 (almost 33) year old male who had been blacking out drunk several times a month (if not more) since I was 17 years old. ..On that day someone very close to me my brother hit rock bottom with alcohol and I saw myself not far behind. I decided to take it one day at a time to help him at least until his legal troubles were over. I will not lie: the first 90 days were very difficult. It was a daily challenge for me to stay sober. But we walked it together and my wife joined the sober train as well and once I started to reap the benefits of sobriety with caring people around me abstinence became my identity and I am confident I will never drink again...Some of the things I did to help me with my sobriety include frequenting this forum nearly every single day reading Allen Carr's "Easy Way to Stop Drinking" letting every single person in my life know that I do not drink anymore (I lost some friends doing this but it was for the best) and living every single day to be better than I was the day before. I became heavily invested with exercising and with rekindling old hobbies I gave up on when drinking (bass guitar weightlifting golf video games reading etc.) I did numerous repairs to my house and landscaping. I bought a FitBit and was obsessive about getting 10000 steps a day. Then 15000. And now 20000. I reprogrammed my brain to believe that if I drink alcohol I will die and I now get ill when I see someone drinking it near me. It is fascinating how powerful the human mind really is. Bash me all you want about alcoholism being a disease but I do not view it that way. In my mind I went from "former drunk" to "current non-drinker."..Just a few of the "big ticket" wonderful life changes that have happened to me this past year include: obtaining a new job that nearly doubled my salary; becoming debt-free except my mortgage; adding 20 lbs of muscle mass (I am 6'1" 175lbs and can bench press 225lbs now); purchasing Invisalign braces to correct my smile...While I love where I am at in life now I cannot let my guard down. To avoid myself from getting too confident I still wake up every day and [read this post that I wrote to myself after 47 days sober](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39h8yp/dear_alcohol/?ref=share&ref_source=link). It is a constant reminder just how powerful alcohol is. The alcohol industry is using all of us like pawns and we give in at its every whim. Do you want to be the most interesting man in the world? Drink. Do you want to live by a beach with palm trees and beautiful women surrounding you? Drink. Do you want friends who like you for who you are? Drink. Do you want to be like James Bond or Ironman? Drink. ALL LIES. I was sick of being controlled so I took control of my life back. ..As mentioned I lost some "friendships" along the way which is expected. But I gained a whole lot more. And more important than anything though I am now a better sober person which makes me a better husband and friend to my wife and others around me. I am now PRESENT to experience life and I wake up every single day thankful I am a non-drinker...And P.S. my wife and my brother are still sober too! :)..So if you are struggling along in this journey I recommend that you stay the course and keep going from a mess to a success one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck yes. Alcohol is something that I don't have to like or love it is not something I need in my life. It is a poison. I Don't Drink. The accumulated benefits of not drinking are amazing and well worth the effort..
**High^Five for 365!**                        .Thank you for sharing your anniversary with us. You give hope to others. 
Congratulations!  It is rather amazing how much brainwashing goes on to keep us sucking down this poison.
&gt; I was sick of being controlled so I took control of my life back...Yes yes yes! Oh man that reminds me of a song right there - and it rings so true. Congratulations on one year sobriety :)
ONE YEAR FOR ME AS WELL!!!!!!!!
Thank you so much for your post it truly is inspirational.  I'm the kind of person who hates being manipulated and I have always considered myself "too smart to get duped" when it comes to buying into anything.  I've also been reading the Alan Carr book and coming here daily and I'm starting to realize what a pawn (tool) I've been. As much as I can watch a political debate and realize how much BS is being tossed my way (both parties) I never really realized how much the alcohol industry got their hook in me.  Being pissed off that I bought into it is helping me stay away.  It's still a struggle but posts like yours truly help.  Thank you!    BTW- I used to bench 265 but haven't seen any free weights in years.  I'm going to a gym this Wednesday to discuss signing up.  
I really enjoyed reading your story! I wish you all the best on your journey :)
You're awesome!  I'm on day 2 it is the 3rd time I've tried to quit.  Did you use resources other than this sub?  The last two times I relapsed slowly.  I had another rock bottom 3 days ago and now I've started posting here.  Which I think will help.  I'm going to go to aa later today but I have a super full and busy life albeit shaded by alcohol and I'm wondering if I can make it without daily aa meetings.
Great post. I'm glad you your brother and wife are all in this together. Congrats on your year. 
Strong work right here. Congratulations!
YASS! So awesome!
Congrats on the year!!!
Outstanding!!!  You sound Happy definitely Healthy and on your way to Wealthy  :) 
Congratulations on one year!
Good post. ..I like hearing what people changed in their lives and how it helped.  ..Congrats
This is extremely inspiring to read. I am a big fan of Allen Carr's books and now Annie Grace's. It's such a positive and uplifting way to go through this journey to stop drinking...Like you I have gotten back into golf and exercise. I started the 10000 steps a day challenge back in February. Now I tweaked it up to 11000 steps as that averages me at 5 miles per day. Couldn't imagine doing 20000 steps that's awesome!..So happy to hear this success story. I'm 1/3 of the way to where you are today!
&gt;But we walked it together and my wife joined the sober train as well..I love the visual of the sober train! I've always visualized getting sober as getting off the drunk train that's headed no place good. Now I'm branching out to visualizing getting on this amazing sober train and there's lots of room for more!..&gt;abstinence became my identity..I've just realized that I've shifted from alcohol being central to my identity to abstinence being central instead. That's so awesome and quite unimaginable when I set off! ..&gt;I am confident I will never drink again...Congrats on a year sober! I'm on that sober train right along with you!
This makes me feel a lot better! I'm on day 21 today. 3 weeks ago was my last drink without knowing as well. You said the first 90 days were really hard. Why so? Was it the emotional aspect? As in adjusting to actually have to face life's internal emotions without alcohol?..That's what I'm currently having trouble with.
One Year!!! That's amazing! Congratulations!
Great post! I'm on day 108 and loving life again. I've been doing the AA thing for a while and it's a great way to start. Now I have a sponcer who's life is AA... I don't want to be like that. He tells me to get a service position at a home group meeting? I don't think AA is for me. I just know I'm done drinking.
Lovely mate well done.
Nice post thanks!!
It's not only the outlandish commercials it's implanted in movies and our favorite shows. Not to mention just society in general without highlighting any of the consequences it has for many. And when addiction is highlighted it is usually about extreme street drug addicts ect. The everyday "functional" alcoholics don't get realistic portrayal. Bc yes I have a job even got my masters but I have the emotional range of a teenager.. and should have a better job by now. But I'm working on it.
Congratulations! 
