-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ge4fs/new_personal_record/

I know it's not much but a full 14 days is a new best for me!!  At least for the last four or five years.   I had two 13 days stints in January one in February and one in March.  A few times quitting on Monday and getting through one weekend only to fail the following Saturday night.  Saturday nights are my kryptonite.   This last Saturday was no different from a struggle standpoint except two things.  1) I made a commitment to this group 2) I "kind of" started to understand the pattern.  I was never a heavy drinker during the week but I made up for it on the weekends.   With this said even Friday nights weren't especially difficult because I finished a full day of work and could come home and by the time I was done cooking dinner it was time for bed.  Saturday nights however......... I spent all day working in my garage and backyard building cabinets and doing landscaping (Brand new home) My brain literally SCREAMED at me this last Saturday night to reward myself for the hard work with a drink.  "It's almost been two weeks one drink won't kill you".   I struggled Saturday night and one of the main motivators is I didn't want to have to ask for a badge reset.  If you really knew me I am the kind of person who would generally look at the badge thing and be "That is sooo stupid" until I have one next to my name and I have some pride in it.   So.....yay for me!  I'm going to get an extra six pack of La Croix on the way home (yep....I joined that cult full on) to celebrate.  Thank you to this forum for helping me set a new personal record.  24 more hours is all I have to worry about right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos /u/OTB93454 for two weeks sober! 
Great job.  Rewarding myself during and after chores at home is a big weakness for me. 
Congratulations on reaching 2 weeks! That's a great accomplishment! ..I'll celebrate by not drinking with you today! 
Congrats! Now every day forward will be a new PR.  It's a good place to be.
Woop! :D
congrats! I've had the same feelings throughout this process. I will not drink with you today. 
I love admiring my freshly mani/pedied lawn with a la croix on saturday afternoon. Good job fighting those urges.
That's awesome! When you go to bed tonight you can look forward to breaking your personal record again tomorrow!
I can't tell you how many times something so simple as the badge has given me just enough to keep going. Well done!
Great job ..  Thanks for posting ..  The pattern you described was the same one I struggle with.
[deleted]
Thank you so much everyone...I really appreciate it!  What a great community. 
