-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gfbkm/a_start/

Hello everyone...I'm on my third week at a new job. So far I haven't had much work to do and I don't feel that I fit in. In fact I fear that the company made a mistake in hiring me. I'm convinced that my boss thinks poorly of me even though I don't have any objective evidence to support this theory as we don't interact very much. I'm lonely during the day and I have little free time in the evening. No matter how many good things happen to me I find myself beset by a constant dread a state of incessant anxiety worry and negative thinking from which I escape intermittently and only briefly. It always comes back in one form or another. I find myself wanting to run away from my life to hop on a plane and disappear day after day. I've struggled with depression for years...I have been drinking (moderately for the most part) and smoking weed to keep myself out of this state of mind. I haven't been fully sober since December when I relapsed from a four month sobriety period. I know this behavior is unhealthy for me because it's only an escape and not a solution. I know I should seek therapy but for some reason that I can't name I'm resistant to this idea and haven't been able to force myself to do it. I think maybe I'm afraid of it somehow. Whether I'm afraid of opening up or whether I'm afraid that therapy just won't work for me I don't know. I'm on an antidepressant again but I don't think there's any pill on God's green earth that can fix me...I have to want to do it. I have to have a goal. I have to see in my mind a future that I want to reach and from there derive the strength to walk the steps to claim that future as my own. And so often for me that's the hardest part. When I look forward in my mind it is really hard for me to picture any future in which I might be happy or failing that or at least content and secure. All I can imagine is this state of "blah" and "why am I alive?" I know that's wrong and if I could flip some switch to change my thoughts from negative ones into positive optimistic ones then that's precisely what I would do. I don't want to dwell in imaginary hells...All this to say: here I am again. I'd like to try to go at least today without drinking or smoking weed. I know I need to find healthier outlets for stress and worry or to deal with them in some way rather than switching them off with substances. That's not a cure or even a bandaid; it's just a pain reliever. I know that a big part of real healing is relying on friends and family for support but I'm very bad at that. I push people away. I am warm yet aloof. So I figure hey I'll write this post. I can be honest with strangers on the Internet. That's better than nothing. And maybe it's a start.
----------immediate responses--------

It's a start...When my anxiety is bad I can't imagine where I want to be in five years. I can't summon up the mental energy to have a goal...But I can stay sober today. I can connect to my breath and let it ground and centre me. Right here right now. That's sometimes how I get through bad days...Welcome to SD.
Thanks for posting this. For myself I never had a problem that I made better by drinking I was never in a situation that I improved by drinking but I made many worse. I struggled with depression for most of my teenage years and adult life. It still can be a challenge sometimes. For me it really took a lot of work to get to a manageable place in my head and getting alcohol out of the picture made a big difference in making progress toward "happiness" for me. I try to "stay in the moment"; I tend to get overwhelmed when I try to think about everything. "Be here now" may be a cliche but it keeps me focused and not fantasizing about escape and misery. I try to appreciate all the good things in my life and realize that the bad stuff is just life happening it isn't a special punishment for me or something I am going through alone. ..I hope things get better for you. There are lots of great people here to talk to and being here helped me out tremendously when I got sober.  
Your mental state is familiar territory to me... the dreaded "impostor syndrome." I lived that way for decades and still can slip back to it in sobriety. It's that feeling -confidence really- that if these people knew the real me they'd know what a piece of shit I really am...It's a lie. I hated myself so much when I was getting fucked up every day I couldn't imagine why anyone would like me. Meanwhile other people were thinking of themselves not me but I could use the lie to justify more self destructive behavior...Once I got sober I decided that I'm not that bad a guy. I'm mostly comfortable in my own skin. Today I don't need a chemical buffer between me and the world...You can do it- one day at a time. Welcome!
