-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ggvdy/fear_im_going_to_drink_again/

Last year I relapsed after 600+ without a drink. It was hard. I'm not making excuses I slipped. I was on the road for work I wasn't in a good place I was alone and I fucked up. ..And that's relevant because it's why I'm afraid I'm going to slip again. My busy travel season is starting for work. I've been doing really well and have been in a good place mentally. But I'm leaving for a three day business trip and I'm worried I'm going to fuck up again. It's like the fear of being in a very similar situation as when I relapsed has me white knuckling it again for no reason. I was fine yesterday and today I'm anxious and afraid I won't be strong enough to resist. ..Just looking for some support and for any other road warriors... Any tips for staying sober on business trips? Anyone who has relapsed and overcome. ..Thankful for this community as always. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Anyone who has relapsed and overcome...You haven't relapsed yet. Right?
Have you thought about going to a meeting while on your trip?
I've noticed that my greatest fears related to relapsing come true when I fail to make a proactive plan. If I know something will trigger my urge to drink I have to find a way to avoid it or overcome it. ..It all really depends on what will trigger you while you're traveling...
I relapsed a couple of years back and remember blacking out on a business trip as one of the worst consequences of that year+ long relapse. Came to talking to police who were helping me back to my hotel from god knows where luckily they decided not to arrest me or press charges. Woke up still too drunk / hungover to make it to the office that day and came up with some bullshit reason to sleep until 2 or 3 in the afternoon so I could get out of bed and drive to eat before doing what I needed to do that day... Just bad all around...I'm actually leaving for a business trip in the morning too. I've been a bit anxious about relapse lately and feel the same way about white knuckling for no apparent reason... which is why I'm floating around on this sub again after a bit of a hiatus (still sober!) ..For the trip I loaded my laptop up with some documentaries and plan on doing some extra workouts while I'm out there. I'll probably pop into the SD IRC at some point too to chat with some other sober people and just outright decline invites to bars with those I'm visiting - I always worry that will have a "negative professional impact" but if I take a step back it's pretty clear there will be much more significant impacts if I start drinking again.
Meetings in new places can be awesome too. Some of the most interesting meetings I've found have been while traveling.
Is there someone you could call? Always better to pick up a phone than a drink. I think that's one of the reasons why sponsors are such a big deal in AA. .
My previous streak of sobriety took a hit on a business trip. I've been on a couple this time around and have stayed dry...It wasn't easy. One hotel had a happy hour with a beer on tap that I could pour myself. That would have WRECKED me back in the drinking days. ..That said I'm not sure what I did differently. I guess it was my mindset. The last bout of sobriety was never intended to be forever. The last bout of sobriety I didn't believe I was an alcoholic. ..I now know I'm an alcoholic and one drink will undo me. I love my sobriety and do not want to lose it. 
I am guessing if you drink you will later decide again that it just isn't for you and you will recover again. Do you see a different outcome?  Do you really want to go down that same road again when you aleady knows where it leads? ..If you have a plan you won't fall into the drinking trap.  I would visualize everything about the trip from the airports to the plane to the hotels to the business dinners etc. And visualize yourself drinking something else. Like water juice soda anything but alcohol. 
