-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gj3gi/why_cant_i_go_to_a_meeting/

After quitting again I decided te only way tis is going to work is by seeking real support and attending AA meetings. I know I can't do this by myself. Never plucked up the courage to go before but today I got showered dressed and parked my car outside the place where the meetings are held. Took a few deep breaths and walked in the main door but couldn't bring myself to go in through that door with the "AA" label hanging on it. I glimpsed into a room full of people and just starting shaking and ran back to the car. I felt stupid for not being able to just go in and sit down. Any one else ever struggle with this? it is entirely irrational and counterproductive but there you go. Small victory was I actually made it into the building this time.
----------immediate responses--------

Possibly because doing so would be to finally admit that you have to stop because you have a problem? IDK..
You did really well...Progress not perfection.
It could be that a smaller meeting might be easier for you or if you get there early there won't be as many people sitting there. Good luck overcoming your anxiety. Most people in meetings are regular people who have decided alcohol is not a good fit for their lives. ..Best of luck.
First Meeting jitters are incredibly common. Before I finally walked into my first meeting I sat in my car in the parking lot for about 15 minutes crying my eyes out. I was terrified that others would judge me for being there. But the fact is that *everyone* in that room was there for the exact same reason as me: to get better. The only difference (*literally the only difference*) was that they had been to a meeting before...The best part of the first meeting jitters is that they only happen once.
I have heard many people in AA talk about how scared they were to go to their first meeting and how difficult it was to walk through the doors. You are not alone my friend. But don't give up! Know that you don't even have to say anything during your first meeting you can just sit and listen.
Is there someone that you could call to pick you up ? I am terrified to walk into that room the first time. I notice that a lot of folks share rides esp for those who cannot drive anymore. Maybe call your local chapter and ask?.
I have said this before on here - I had no problem going to a bar by myself (I am female) but my first AA meeting scared the crap out of me...but like someone else said - remember that they all had to start at day 1 and attend their first meeting...they will empathize with your fears and (hopefully) welcome you with open arms. We all know how you feel. Good luck to you
Ive only been to a handful for this reason but I will say that the first one was the hardest. I cried a lot but every meeting after that was manageable. The end is always a bit awkward especially if you raise your hand saying you're a newcomer. I have decided that if/when I attend another meeting I won't be doing that. 
I don't know that seems like a pretty big win to me. You're taking literal baby steps but that was a big one in my opinion. Maybe next time you can lock your eyes on an empty chair and barrel straight to it without looking up. Maybe keep your head down and don't talk for that meeting. Maybe the next meeting or the one after that you can introduce yourself. Maybe the one after that you can share a little about how you ended up in that chair.  That's more or less what I did. 
 I don't like them. I hate that the court system requires those who have no intention of getting sober to go to meetings. I hate that everyone I have ever gone too smells like booze. I hate the old school men who treat new comers like they aren't worthy of being there. The 90 in 90 rule is THE STUPIDEST thing I have ever heard of. I have always been approached by people after meetings and asked if I want to go to the bar. Old schoolers are often bullies and drone on about how much harder it was for them. I can't stand the amount of self pity people project. I hate that every thermos in the room is spiked. I hate that people never know when to shut up and let the next person speak or don't say dick at all. I know it's alot of hate speak but that's how I feel...Maybe I just haven't found the 'right meeting for me' but it's hard to find time when I work 40 hrs a week have an active teenager and a toddler a home to keep and the fam only has one car. ..I'm not saying all AA meeting are bad. I just think they are a joke..
Please remember that you can just sit and listen.  You will never be forced to speak.
Its ok to feel this way i was really nervous too. Walked around a lot before i went in.  I felt comfortable once in there everyone is there for the same reason. Now if i could only talk in a meeting working on that.
Lots of people struggle with this. And by 'lots of people' I mean me. I fully intended to go to so many AA meetings. Never did manage it until after I'd gone to rehab...Obviously I can't tell you how to overcome your anxiety and only that I shared in it. I can tell you that it's really not so bad and very much worth the agony of actually going through with it. For me it was anyway...People will totally understand if you're nervous or awkward or sweating bullets or whatever. Totally. Unless they are themselves fairly new.
My first meeting I crept in late and left before it ended as the anxiety was high and I couldn't deal with so many people. Went to another meeting the next night which was much smaller and felt less intimidating. Am still friends with one of the guys I met there 18 years later.
Check out a candle light meeting if you can.  They turn off the lights and it seems to relax me.  
Oh yes - I had such fear of my first meetings.  I went alone too.  In hindsight I wish I would've reached out for some help just asked a friend or even my wife to go with me (she's a normie).  But I am a proud sort (read:  stubborn asshole).  Eventually I made it.  And hated it.  But I found another one.  Then another one.  And so on.  I'm now a full-fledged AA geek thank you very much.  (still a stubborn asshole though).
I am new to AA.  Been to two different locations and they both were welcoming without making too much of a big deal about it. Both groups made sure to let me know I was the most important person in the room.  They want to help me and theirselves.  It is a positive feedback loop.  Maybe someday you and I can be the person to make somebody in need feel welcome.  Listening is the most important thing.  Passing on sharing is expected sometimes whether you are a noob or a seasoned veteran. I hear so much wisdom every meeting.  I missed my meeting tonight and regret it.  I never thought I would enjoy it so much.  Sometimes it is a fun vibe and others not so much but always important info and stories are tossed about.  I am excited to hear about your experience when you decide to dive in.  I wish you well.
You might call your local hotline -and maybe someone could meet you beforehand.... Everybody is nervous at their first meeting.
I sat in the parking lot and watched through the window all these people laughing hugging and smiling and figured out the church was having an ice cream social or somesuch.  Walked in to ask where the grizzled old men smoking cigarettes in trench coats were meeting in the basement when someone said "welcome home".  Haven't had to pick up a drink since.
