-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gjihj/two_weeksstruggling_today/

This is my first post here but it hasn't been long that I've been trying to be sober. This is my first real attempt at wanting to be sober and I'm struggling tremendously today. My emotions feel like a rollercoaster and I'm feeling the urge to return...If you have any advice please...
----------immediate responses--------

I have no advice; I can only tell you that I'm struggling right along with you as I'm sure many others are. Let's not drink together today. 
Sorry you're having a hard time today! Here are a few things that helped me early on:..* Focusing the mind on something else. Being productive or even better helping out someone else worse off than me was a great way of ridding myself of my own "troubles"...* Working out. Got my in better shape and released natural feel good endorphins...* Talking about how I was feeling with someone else. Sometimes just venting was a great release...* Going to meetings. Super cathartic to be around people to know what I was going through when I was struggling..* Writing out a list of things I was grateful for and all the GOOD things happening in my life no matter how small...* Reminding myself that my mind/body/soul were adjusting to not being saturated with booze and that in time I would be ok...Hang in there! This too shall pass! .*edit: formatting
What's going on for you today in particular?..It helped me to focus on the moment and not worry about tomorrow. What do you need to do today to not drink? 
You're doing Great!  You're past 2-Weeks!!  Just hang in there as the first few weeks are the hardest.  It does get easier I Promise!  Have you gone to any meetings?  Have you gotten yourself out of the house?  When I'm feeling bad --and I'm disabled to boot-- I do something.  For me I felt a lot better (and proud) when my badge showed '30-days' and you're half way there!  Don't blow it.  I know you can do it!!  .Blessings to YOU!
What good would a drink do? Seriously think about the pros. You clearly have some sort of problem with your drinking or you wouldn't be here. Were you happier drinking? I'm guessing no or again you wouldn't be here. So why ARE you here? What drove you here probably desperate and afraid? And if you came here desperate and afraid (as many of us do as I did) then WHY were you desperate and afraid? What will drinking resolve besides return you to that state?
I'm very familiar with the emotional rollercoaster! Mindful awareness helps me to urge surf. I accept the emotions I'm experiencing rather than fighting them and also (most importantly) acknowledge that they will pass. Nothing is permanent and we certainly don't need to act on all our thoughts. Best wishes!
A couple of months from now you will look back on this frail moment and be so glad you did not cave to your addiction.  This is a very pivotal moment for you and you can do this!
Not drinking today will be the best decision you've ever made in your life. You can do this! Call someone go for a walk avoid anything that could be a trigger drink tea take a bath do jumping jacks get a super indulgent and tasty dessert. Don't drink today!
It's so so so easy to fall back into these routines. They're very hard to break. Currently what's working for me is replacing my cravings with something else - I usually eat chocolate but I know a lot of other people have talked about keeping non-alcoholic drinks on hand which can help with filling that routine of consistently drinking something. You're going to be okay you've got some big POSITIVE changes to make 
live minute by minute
