-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gmjae/am_i_really/

I'm only 21. I have a long term boyfriend I'm in medical school I don't really go out much. Still I have had this uneasy feeling lately that something isn't quite right. I just can't wrap my head around it I'm not like *that*. I feel like if I'd tell anyone I have a problem drinking they'd laugh in my face. ..I don't know how old I was when I started drinking maybe 13 or 14 somewhere in that ballpark. What drew me in was the confidence and openness that I felt came with it I was shy and reserved and struggling with my mental health and alcohol just made everything better. The first time an ambulance had to be called for me I was 15 had been unconscious for at least 3 hours and needed to be hospitalized. By 17 I was drinking 5-6 times a week preferable starting in the morning and not turning up for school before it was noon and I had a good buzz on. I didn't graduate but since I had skipped a grade I did get my GED at the same age as people usually graduate high school here. ..At 18 I was old enough to go out where I live and I was routinely spending all my money on getting wasted. One particular week after a boyfriend broke up with me I spent around 2k dollars in about 5 days. I was constantly injured from my "nightly adventures" and I ended up in situations that still haunt me (at least whatever vague memory I have of them). ..At 19 in the middle of my bachelors program I took a beating while drunk. It was bad enough for some serious recovery time and I'm still dealing with the fallout. I became scared of going out and would usually only leave the house for labs grocery shopping and booze runs. My favorite activity became lying in bed and drinking wine and my hangovers were so bad at this point I usually couldn't leave the bed anyway...Medical school changed that I now have a program I need to show up for my boyfriend doesn't enjoy going out so we stay in most of the time. Still I usually drink 3-4 beers in the evening sometimes a bottle of wine. And if I'm alone and don't have to get up I easily drink more - also preferably in bed. I am rather ashamed to admit it but I frequently black out on a normal stay at home night...I am currently travelling and the travel time is in the ballpark of 24 hours. I panicked when I realized this would mean no bed time beer for me so I drank half a bottle of wine for lunch before leaving in the evening. When I started to write this post I was honestly thinking that today was my first sober day in fuck knows how long - but no I did have that half bottle of wine less than 24 hours ago...I am a medical student I know that objectively I obviously have a problem. In fact I am even noticing physical symptoms that my body is not keeping up anymore. But on the other hand I cannot imagine never having a beer for dinner and I can't imagine that I a 21 year old girl who more or less has her life in order am well an alcoholic. I mean my friends and fellow students are basically just getting started with parties and going out they are living the student life and living by sayings like "the liver is the only organ of the body that regenerates itself!". And here I am the youngest of the group trying to figure out how serious of a problem I actually have and wishing I could go back to when it was all fun and games and I didn't wake up after drinking with regrets so bad that the only thing that drowns them is more drinking. ..How do I deal?
----------immediate responses--------

The only way I know how to deal is "one day at a time". You're probably searching for something more helpful than that but I wouldn't know. When you wake up tomorrow tell yourself you won't drink today. Then all yourself :..- who will ask me to go out for a drink?.- how will I refuse?.- what will I do instead?..A sober life is great. At first it's overwhelming and boring but then it becomes great... I still don't know why I don't really care. I'm 2 months 3 weeks sober and my health is so much better than before.
Try stopping for a month and see how you feel . Try substituting drinking at night with exercise or learning to cook a new dish or try a new sex position with your bf or anything. .Alcohol became my default activity about 6-8 months ago. That's when I started to get really bad . .My workout partner moved away and working out got boring without him so I stopped and that made me lose confidence energy endorphins . I believe lack of exercised made alcohol affect me even more ...If you think you have a problem  do something about it . Stop for today. Then stop for tommorow. 
You can take an alcohol assessment test (Google it) but the answer seems very clear to me...The liver regenerates itself only up to a certain point. ..Being a sober student might seem bad but there are worse things. Like having your health massively deteriorate or failing to graduate. It seems to me like your drinking is going to start to have consequences eventually (probably pretty soon)...In retrospect I wish that I had stopped earlier.
I was 24 when I got sober. I recognised I had a problem with drink when I was 21 but chose not to seek help. I imagined life without alcohol was going to be a ling dull grey existence. My experience is that the opposite is true...the time I spent drinking and using was the long dull grey existence. Life in sobriety has been an amazing fun-filled colourful adventure. If you think you have a problem with alcohol and want to do something about it you're not too young. 
