-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4h6gjm/sometimes_lurker_first_time_posting_contemplating/

Wanted to reach out and take the plunge by finally posting my personal story...I've recognized myself as a binge drinker with an alcohol abuse problem for the last year. That took a lot of effort and thought. There's always been the excuse of "I have no problem with alcohol unless I drink when I'm stressed out" "my friends drink way more than me" "my hobbies make it hard not to drink" or "not every drink leads to a binge."..I have a pattern that my binge episodes follow. I have a few with some friends or my SO everyone goes home or my SO goes to bed and I stay awake drinking late into the morning. Sometimes I buy beer on the way home. Sometimes I drink every beer left in the fridge. I once drank a fifth of whiskey in one night's session. This happens every few months to every few weeks and has been my pattern for three years or so. Every time this happens my SO confronts me we talk about it I use my anxiety or stress as an excuse and I say I will make an effort to improve. I really mean that when I say it but I wind up in the same pattern again. I think it's getting worse and I'm scared that my most recent binge may be the end of my relationship...I keep hitting a wall in my own mind ... Why do I do this? Why do I just say "fuck it" on those occasions that I drink far more than would ever be necessary or healthy? Why can I moderate sometimes and not others? Am I an alcoholic or am I just self-medicating my emotional issues. I've hurt the person who I care most about in my life and I hurt my own self-respect every time...Not drinking today and starting therapy ASAP. Being honest with myself is a struggle right now and I'm not sure where to go from here. Still not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! I will join you in not drinking today. Your future course is yours to decide I hope it goes well! 
Hi. I finally acknowledged my problem with alcohol a few days ago. It cost me my marriage. I will join you in not drinking today. 
Thanks for sharing your story. A lot of the time I find writing things down clarifies my feelings.  Good luck on your journey hope to read more from you in the future!
Going to AA is what made the difference for me. It's a lot harder to lie to myself when I am hearing other people honestly share their experiences which sound a heck of a lot like mine! The patterns of thought that you are describing come up a LOT in AA. I've certainly thought every one of them - and then some! Welcome! There is help available. Getting honest is a good first step.
The disease manifested in me at around age 40. I didn't really know why things were snow balling out of control. My consumption was going through the roof.  Years of  controlling it didn't work anymore.It was now " controlling me " and yes !! It got scary !! To the point of almost dying 3 times.  Learn about the  disease. It helps to learn about.
My boyfriend has no problem not drinking at all (we've been sober together for as long) but when he has a sip he has to drink the rest of everything in proximity. .Personally I know that I reach a certain level of drunkenness where I think YEAH ONE MORE WOULD BE GREAT and that is generally the time where one more would be the very very worst idea.
I'm the same way. What kills me is not EVERY drink results in that binging. It'd be way easier to quit and I would have quit ages ago if it did. But some string of circumstances will inevitably come together and its like a switch gets flipped and no one's around to flip it off again when I've had enough. I will drink myself unconscious stopping only when my body finally gives out. Which. Being a 130lb 5'5 woman it really does go the distance.   ..When I was younger early 20's I chalked it up to being young and going through that party phase. When I was in my mid 20's and coping (poorly) with an abortion the end of my first serious relationship and an end of the flawless mirror young people see themselves in I chalked it up to depression and ptsd. But things happily have improved greatly as I go into my later 20's. I'll be 29 this year. I'm happy healthy I'm no longer depressed I have a wonderful boyfriend whom I live with and I'm largely at peace with myself....so why did I binge drink on a Sunday afternoon alone two weeks ago to the point of blacking out at the bar go home miss my boyfriend coming home from SF rip the shower rod down (and apparently whale it against the bath tub till it bent double?) rip the white board down off the wall and just generally be a manic and destructive drunk? ..What underlying reason could there be? I'm beginning to understand there likely ISN'T one. Sometimes when I drink I just can't stop. And I become someone entirely different.   ...If you're anything like me you're...exhausted struggling with that looming inevitably.  I'm finding it easier to just simply not drink at all. why not take 30 days if you can and try it out. The *relief* of just not having to *deal* with it is enormous. Good luck! 
Being honest with yourself is key and therapy is a good idea. Your patterns sound really similar to mine. Best of luck to you &lt;3
&gt;  Am I an alcoholic or am I just self-medicating my emotional issues. ..I don't think it really matters how we label the condition.  It appears as though you already know that there is an issue with alcohol.  Not drinking today and starting therapy ASAP are very healthy actions to getting things under control...You've mentioned that you are a binge drinker.  This can lead to a condition called Kindling that can cause permanent CNS damage and death.  Here is more info on this condition:.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative-hypnotic_withdrawal)..Congrats on not drinking Today!!!
I can also moderate sometimes. The answer for me was to first stop drinking. It doesn't matter if I can moderate on occasion..."Why do I do this? Why do I just say "fuck it" on those occasions that I drink far more than would ever be necessary or healthy?"..For me the answer is simply addiction. If I stay sober then none of these things happen.
