-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4h8zuc/what_a_liter_of_whiskey_a_day_looks_like/

I've struggled with this shit for two years now. Finally I believe I am on the right track and will have 6 months in two weeks. In June 2014 I was drinking a liter of whiskey plus a day and weighed roughly 260 lbs. I have finally put down the bottle for an extended period of time am feeling so happy and grateful and well...just take a look.....http://imgur.com/D..EDIT: Thanks so much for the encouragement everyone this kind of blew up! I figured I'd keep a couple of comments and that would be that. To the most important people those who just put 'it' down I know you hear this all the time but I just wanna drive this home: If **I** can quit getting fucked up and be happy shit I know you can too!
----------immediate responses--------

You look 20 years younger.
Wow...keep it up
A big difference there! If that's not an incentive to keep on the sober path I don't know what is... 
That is amazing!   I don't even know you and I'm proud of you:)  Thanks for the inspiration this morning!
Dude you look so much better! Congrats! 
You look fantastic!! Keep it up!
This absolutely awesome! I love photos for just that reason especially self-photos they're so revealing. There is a light in your eyes now. Thanks for sharing!
You look much healthier!
Good work 
Hell of a job man wonderful.
Yoo hoo for you!
Nice work man. Keep it up you look like a new man.
If you were an organ donor in the 'before' photo the only science that would have taken the organs would have been science fiction...Good going!
Inspirational brother! Keep up the good work!
ohhh did you do the 'move to florida and get sober' thing too?
Awesome! If this isn'totivation I don't know what is...Mind if I ask what you weigh now (only if you're comfortable sharing it).
Nice! Way to go! You look so much healthier and more THERE than the before. 
Alcohol is very hard on the body even for younger folks like yourself. Nice contrast and in only six months!
Congrats!
Great work! Seriously! I bet you feel even better than you look. 
You look younger and you have life in your eyes again! Thanks for sharing.
Awesome job!.
Alcohol had you bloated like a puffer fish.
I don't want to be a creep but daaaaamn. You look great!
That's incredible. You look awesome stay strong cause it is paying off. I'm so happy for you. Let's not drink today :-)
Wow amazing! great job what a motivator.
I'll take of a few of your organs now not back then though :)
Before: remember the season of Sunny when Mac gained all that weight?.After: your eyes!.Congrats!
Congratulations! Sobriety looks great on you!! 
Two completely different people!  Congratulations handsome!
Good job! You look amazing! thanks for sharing
Holy sh*t!  Well done.  
Wow! You look so much younger and healthier! What an amazing transition. Scotch was my poison of choice and I too am watching the weight fall off between all the not drinking and now exercising. 
The guy on the right is handsome! 
Nice work! Keep it up!
Good show old bean. 
[deleted]
Holy guacamole!! Looking good   
Looking great man congrats! Keep it up!
Nice!
Woaaaaaah. Nice work! You look *incredible*! I'm so pleased for you!! 
Hubba hubba! Sobriety looks good on you!
that puffy unwell look is TOTALLY gone amazing!
HAHA I love the drivers license picture I have. Reminds me where I came from. Keep rocking it dude! .edit: Here's Mine http://i.imgur.com/PJM1cNj.png
Just out of curiosity did you do anything else to lose weight or was it just the drinking? I'm on Day 8 and I've lost about 7 pounds this week without really watching what I eat. A lot of it could be water weight I don't know. But it sure can't hurt that I'm not ingesting all of those empty calories every night.
This looks like it could be a father and son photo. You look so much younger and more vibrant now! Congrats on 6 months sober! 
[deleted]
[deleted]
They might turn you down on the organ donor thing though ;)..Kudos though! Keep it up
Great work man you look much better
That's awesome and inspirational. Good for you!
Man that is really impressive and drives a big point home. Good work!
A bottle of whiskey a day now clean for almost 2 years. ..http://i.imgur.com/VJAvFDM.jpg
Almost doesn't look like the same person amazing change!
You look fantastic!
Nice job!
It's incredible the harm alcohol does to our bodies. And even more incredible this drug is legal and even socially encouraged..Amazing job. Keep up the good work!
(L-R) Last months as a drunk (a handle of vodka every two days) one year alcohol free and a little over 3 years alcohol free... http://imgur.com/NiuBy7s..Life is good. Best decision I ever made...Edit: Forgot to include image link.
Congratulations!
I can't see the pic anymore! But congrats anyway! Thats a great achievement! ..Sending good vibes!
Congratulations! Now just imagine how good you'll feel if you can shake that daily liter of gin too!! ..Jk congrats man. Keep it up. We got your back. 
Wow you look amazing well done on your your great achievement! 
