-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hjpwv/ye_gods_peoplewe_have_the_best_people_we_have_the/

Hey SD...this isn't any particular day or occasion. I'm just suddenly so deeply grateful for this community and the way we participate and the way it's run.  I think it comes down to three things: the people the mods and the community guidelines. I wanted to say thanks to/for all those....The people: everyone's so generous in giving their time understanding compassion...just lending an ear when someone's having a hard time. The combined wisdom and compassion on this sub is like a little oasis in the troll-filled nasty wasteland of the internet. Everyone's got their own struggles everyone has something to contribute. People are so brave in opening up about some of the darkest secrets in sharing deep personal matters in showing us before/after pics. By and large people are so thoughtful in what they say and so respectful of the feelings and experiences of others. You all rock....The community guidelines: wow. I'm only just coming to appreciate how well thought-out they are for supporting and creating a really kind safe community. Whoever was behind those: you're really really good. I'm learning so much about communicating with others by keeping those few rules in my head...and when a comment makes me twitch those solid clear guidelines make it instantly easy to see why that niggling unsafe feeling occurred. ...Which brings me to...our mods. Never in all the places I've considered home on the internet have I been so certain that any unkind comment to me or someone else would be quietly dealt with by a mod. I know we only see the very smallest part of what they do to keep us all feeling like this is somewhere we can safely comment share and come for help. Thanks mods :) ...Thanks sobernauts. You all rock...-Talie
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't agree more.. Thanx Mods for taking care! 
This is indeed an incredible community. I appreciate everyone involved. Thanks for your post. Kudos for 282 days sober!
I like how whenever I've had to do a badge reset the mods just encourage you. It's much appreciated.
Word up!
oh man... I swore I wouldn't cry today. and yet here we are. thank you all around!
This is my first and only subreddit so I can't really compare but it does seem good. And I'm grateful for the days that I'm grateful for it...Additionally it strikes me as true what you've said about the mods. Thanks mods.
What a great tribute -- and I am in complete agreement.  Yay mods!
I agree a thousand times. I dipped my toe into some other sites and quickly ran right back here to SD. The things I read were awful. I love the positivity compassion and genuine caring I have read in comments here. It restores my faith in humanity especially when I am at a low point...and I have many of those coming up in the next few months in dealing with the alcohol induced wreckage of my past. Thank you for writing this tribute!
What a completely uplifting post! Have an upvote! :)
Took words outta my mouth. I'm honestly surprised that such a nice board hasn't been overrun by "bee"-tards or the lower levels of immature Anons who are overly bored. I'd like to think that it's because we're a quiet polite place without hypocrisy that lives up to the good works we try to sow.
Thanks mods! Thanks fellow SDs! I couldn't do this without you all.
I sometimes venture on other subs and it's always a really bad experience. I have to remember that SD is not like the other subs and people will tell me I'm an asshole.
I think what is special about SD is that everyone who is here shares a common struggle so we can all relate to one another. Trolls can't find a foot-hold here because they aren't welcome and they aren't going to find the attention they seek. That and I'm sure the Mods eat them for breakfast. lol.Thanks for sharing and have a great day everyone!
Couldn't agree more. This sub is a special place. Much love to the mods and all the great people here.
&gt;we have the best people. We have the best mods...I gotta upvote that.
Thanks everyone for being here! This place always provides me with inspiration and introspection. Thanks for this post. Everyone here deserves a pat on the back.
I just did a badge reset from 31 days back to 1 and I got a little "hang in there" message from the mods. So lovely! Thanks mods! 
Agreed! Thank you from the bottom of my heart! I could not make it through one day before I found this site!!!
Agreed!
Sobernauts!! Forgot about that I love it.  I was talking to my sponsor the other day who's also an SD member and the thing that came out of my mouth was "The people on Reddit are soooo supportive!!".  He was like "The people on Reddit?!?!".  I realized my mistake quickly and said "Oh I meant the people on SD Reddit's a jungle".  Just echoing your post OP.  This sub to me is an oasis on the internet in the world for that matter.  I love it here I love you guys!
This is the best "I love SD" post I have ever read. Every point is right on and exceptionally conveyed and I believe echoed by our members. Thank you for being a part of this too :)..I love you guys. 
I don't know if I wouldve made it without this community  of strangers.  This place has been a blessing.
I second everything you said actually. I've been in and out from here over last 2 years lurking sometimes and there is always hope here it's very special...Also. I love your username tal  :)
Agree 100%!!
Couldn't agree more. I used to write to this local forum in my country and the mood there was (and is) downright sinister bemeaning to those who relapse and overall.. Well i suppose very much like a poorly moderated forum. Not so here. U guys rule every single one. Thanks.
I didn't really understand the role of a mod until I got here! Ours are fabulous. They moderate in such a respectful way and they seem to be watching and reading posts where people are in some really scary head spaces always ensuring that person gets a meaningful and timely response.  It seems like a time consuming volunteer role and I salute the amazing team that do it for us.  Our sub is fantastic and makes a real difference to people's lives and we all contribute to that. I love the "I" statement rule it is good training for me both here and in my other life.  Thank you one and all. 
