-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hm290/relapse_with_a_lot_of_guilt/

I relapsed yesterday and I'm trying to find the motivation to keep pursuing this. I feel like I can't stay sober for long periods of time. Any suggestions would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel this way too about my smoking cigarettes I'm going to try again tomorrow or the day after tomorrow I haven't decided yet. I tried three times last month it's not lasting for me either!
Don't worry about long periods of time worry about today. I'm not going to drink today.
Wake up today and pledge "I will NOT drink today".... No matter what.    Then do it... No matter what.     Don't think about tomorrow until it gets here... And then pledge again.   .You CAN do it.... There are lots of people here doing it and you can too!   Ya gotta wanna!   You'll feel a LOT better when you do.    And there are a lot of people here to help you!   Keep checking in every day and reading posts for encouragement.   That's how I did it.   
I don't worry about long periods of time...I just don't drink today.  You already know how to do that!..Today I Dont drink.  .If today proceeds like yesterday tomorrow I'll do the same thing...But it's just one day.  Today.  You've Got it!
I have fallen off the wagon too.  What I forget when I drink is how hard it is to stop again.  Each day I have to struggle through the late afternoon time when I'd normally drink.  Then I eat lots of sweet stuff and feel anxious.  It was so great when I got over all that and now.... here I go again.
I did the same thing after 71 great days. I was ashamed to come back to SD but once I did I found the encouragement to start again. I had made lists of all my sober accomplishments. I wrote about how horrible my life was while drinking. I think I got careless and quit reading and writing on a daily basis. .I refuse to give up. We can do this together. I'll not drink today.
You didn't lose the time you spent sober. You didn't drink during that period even if you decided to drink yesterday. Now don't drink today and take that as a blessing. You can do it!
