-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hrzzu/made_it_to_today_still_going/

Hey everyone I quit drinking on New Years Day. Still going one small hickup with 2 glasses of wine on valentines day...Just needed to say hello to people that are in the same boat as I am struggling every day with the temptation...How do you all cope with the depression? I've been depressed since I've quit like nothing else can fill that void that getting drunk seemed to fill...I'm on Citalapram and Abilify to help cope seems to help a bit but doesn't take the edge off...Had to leave work early again today laid on the couch and just died had a nap...Is recovery usually this bad? I used to drink a 15 pack of beer a day and at least a 24 on Saturday/Sunday...Ugh.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I know how I don't cope with depression by drinking.  I take wellbutrin exercise hike and stay active in communities like this.  Recover is not that bad at all if you do the work to make it work.  I've never been happier in my life.  Ask yourself why you need to cope in the first place?  I grew up with a lot of abuse in my home.  Get yourself a badge! :)
Im only 3 days sober so take my opinion with a grain of salt....Im having trouble this soon just filling in the void of drinking. Ive been picking up new hobbies and trying more hours at work. Taking the time to cook my meals and eat healthier. Trying to get out of old habits and gaining newer ones. Nothing can happen all at once but if you dont give up like anything itll gradually get better. These are just my experiences but dont give up. Stick with it and i believe you can do it..Hang in there brother
My depression just lifted within the past week.  I live in Oregon and it was like the sun coming out after being behind the clouds for years.  I was standing watching a baseball game and realized -- "I'm not depressed right now."  Depression had been my norm for so long (well over five years) that I didn't even recognize it at first. I told my therapist that today and she asked why I thought that was so.  There are several contributing factors:..* Stopped drinking obviously (also on New Year's)..* Radically changed my diet -- no sugar dairy grains legumes (sugar dairy &amp; grain allergies or intolerance can contribute to depression)..* Started walking and set a goal to do a half-marathon -- it's coming up this Saturday!.* In the face of some relationship issues decided to not focus on the relationship at all but to do whatever  and take whatever time I need to find My Self including self-care SD all day walks etc..* Started seeing my therapist -- she's the best thing that's happened to me in a long time; she challenges me and my thinking supports me and gives me tons of things to look at/think about..* Started talking about my journey with alcohol -- telling people my truth about my alcoholism and engaging them as accountability partners..* Amped up doing my own internal personal work -- becoming more aware of my conditioned stimuli and responses and focusing my thoughts on the "me" I want to be and doing the actions (even when it's hard) that move me closer to that..* Playing with my dog a lot more (but not enough as far as he's concerned)...Remember that anti-depressants are a tool not a solution.  Without changing the fundamental thought and feeling patterns that first led you down that path no pharmaceutical can lead you out.  Nor can you think your way out of what you've lived your way into.  You have to live your way out...Blessings on your journey.
