-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hvl9w/a_thought_from_a_sober_friend/

I was talking with one of my friends who has 30+ years of sobriety under his belt and I was telling him that I had been struggling with my last attempt but that I'm 10 days in to this one. He shared this thought with me:.."For me I had to tell myself that I was only going to decide once. It couldn't be a decision at the time of the drink. If I was sitting at the bar or restaurant or my house trying to decide if I should or shouldn't have that drink then it was already too late for me. Ultimately I had to convince myself that I was going to make the choice not to drink and I was only going to make it once. So when those thoughts crept back into my head I told my brain nope you've already made this choice. It's no longer a choice. It's not up for debate."..Just thought it was an interesting way to look at it. I know we all have different ways of dealing with those thoughts...
----------immediate responses--------

I think he's into something fuck this "1 day at a time" stuff. I will never drink again I will never change my mind. No internal arguments = less stress. All the best in your sobriety whichever road you choose.
This is something I really needed to hear today. Thank you!
As someone who has for the first time decided to quit this strikes a chord. I have gone months and years without drinking. I never said I quit just took a break. Usually I abstained for a while because I binge periodically and the withdrawals almost killed me last time. So I figured if I drink again I will be choosing death. Good time to quit. 
This is true for me as well. I find no comfort or helpful insight in the "just for today/now" mantra. My life was completely horrific and unmanageable while drinking. I will never go back to that. I refuse to waste any more time. I refuse to rubber band back and forth with relapse after relapse. My life has become immeasurably better since quitting booze and continues to improve yet. Even in my darkest most depressed times I take incredible comfort in the fact that I am sober. I will never give that up. ..It's different for everyone but for me (and others) this remains a very compelling structure of our sobriety. Thank you for sharing and may peace be with you.
For my first day sober today....and my wife downstairs with wine...this is what I needed 
