-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hwbl9/i_had_8_months_sober/

As the title says I had 8 months sober until recently. ....I read on here several times that a relapse begins long before you actually pick up alcohol again and that is true. I stopped checking this sub several weeks before I started drinking again and I started having these thoughts..."It's been so long and you've done great you've probably totally BEATEN that drinking problem you had! You can probably drink like a NORMAL PERSON now! Look at how much fun everyone else has with alcohol....you're missing out for no reason!" ....And so I started small. I was gifted a bottle of wine by someone who didn't know that I had stopped drinking and instead of dumping it out or re-gifting it I hung on to it for a couple weeks. Then I experimentally opened it and had a glass. "Look at me! Having one glass of wine! Putting the opened bottle back in the fridge I used to NEVER do that because I would finish the bottle in one sitting! I'm recovered!" ....I finished off that bottle in about a week having one small glass a night. I was so thrilled that I could drink normally again. I had a glass of wine at a restaurant. I bought a bottle of red planning to drink it slowly again.....What happened instead was that I got obliterated black-out drunk on Saturday night and woke up on Sunday covered in my own vomit. Fun times huh? Man it's great how I had that whole alcohol problem thing beaten right?....So here I am back again starting over. On the one hand I'm really ashamed of myself but on the other hand I know that I can do it because I've DONE IT BEFORE. And now when that insidious little voice starts talking to me in a few months telling me how I've surely beaten it this time I'll know that nope I sure don't have it beaten. I need to stay active on this sub and make some sober friends to help keep me accountable. ....Having this sub to read daily really made a huge difference in my first few months of sobriety. I stopped using this sub as a sobriety tool and that's when I started having relapse thoughts that I eventually acted on. I need to stay active in my sobriety even when staying sober stops feeling like something I have to "work" at.....Sorry for this long rant. Here we go again....sobriety take two!
----------immediate responses--------

The following has become my mantra from my mentor CoolCrosby:  ..&gt; We get sober and stay sober when we realize that the pain and consequences of drinking outweigh any reservation we have about our alcohol dependence or alcoholism. I wasn't able to get sober and stay sober until I fully accepted that there is nothing left in the bottle for me.
Hello. Glad you made it back because many do not. What are you going to do differently so this doesn't happen again?
No shame here.   I failed many more times than I succeeded...The good news is you only have to succeed once....Please keep an open mind regarding a recovery program if you continue to struggle on your own.
I failed miserably before I had a whiff of sustained sobriety. Just remember you have 8 months of wisdom under your belt and no one can take that away.  You sound very much like you have a plan. Not drinking with you today.
This is the post I need to read. ..I know you can do it again and thanks for sharing. 
These kind of stories always reconfirm why I stopped in the first place  .  .I bought a bottle of red planning to drink it slowly again..What happened instead was that I got obliterated black-out drunk on Saturday night and woke up on Sunday covered in my own vomit.
This is my story to a T. One glass turned into ???? and complete chaos. What helped for me was trying anything and everything I could until thing stuck. So glad you are back and realize that your eight months is a great asset for this second go! 
I'm so glad you made it back. For me I know I can never think I'm recovered. I will always be recover-ing. I know you can do this. 
That sounds like something I would do. I can moderate for a while but then suddenly I can't.
That was me just over two weeks ago. That bottle of vodka I bought was supposed to last for a week...right...that worked well. The saying that if you fall down 7 times then get up 8 times definitely applies to me except the numbers are bigger. This time I am finally trying anything and everything including counsellors therapy AA S.M.A.R.T. Recovery SD and anything else I come up with no matter what life throws at me. Something has to stick. Good luck.
I'm so glad you're back - that's the main thing! Don't ever forget that you had 8 months; you did it and you can do it again. Hang in there and yes keep coming back here - somehow this sub makes it actually fun to 'work' at our sobriety! The friends that I have met here are wonderful and this helps me so much every single day.
This was me exactly in 2014-2015. Also a gifted bottle. My relapse lasted for 11 months and at the end of it I felt the worst EVER. And I drank more than ever. The relapse has tough me that I can never drink (normally) again and that I will feel very very bad. That memory is so strong and disgusting that it keeps me from drinking. I will never pick up a drink again.
Thank you for posting this! I am THIS CLOSE to 6 months and my alcoholdar is off the charts. I know the second I "break the seal" with even just a glass of wine that all bets are off and that more than any physical feeling I will be so full of shame and regret that I will probably implode. I'm sorry you had to go through that but you really can do it! Great luck to you! I won't drink with you today :)
