-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hx3w8/challenge_name_5_things_you_like_about_yourself_go/

I'm struggling as many of you saw from my other post.  When I am struggling it is easy to fall into a pit of self loathing or self pity...and right on the heels of those feelings comes despair.  ..However in sobriety I've learned I'm someone worth saving.  It is easy to list the things I don't like about myself but the positives are harder to remember.  So here is mine:..1.  I have a fast sneaky sense of humor with a witty comeback often spilling out before I can even think about it.  ..2.  I have a sixth sense when it comes to my close friends...and can tell when something is wrong even if they have their happy face on. I'm a good friend.  ..3.  I love animals I'm kind to them and I firmly support animal rescue.  ..4.  I have a passion for entertaining party planning and making others happy.  I know how to throw a fun event and I love having a sober social life.  ..5.  I'm loyal and will fight for those I love.  Sometimes it is hard to know when to let someone go...but I do what I can to nurture friendships and relationships.  ..Ok.  Now you.  Name 5 things you like about yourself.  GO!..Stay sober my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

1. I sincerely care about other people and often put them first (if that's a positive?).2. I'm very light hearted and love a joke so I can be fun to be around..3. I'm a reasonable cook so I'm constantly reaping my own rewards! :).4. I'm a hard worker which makes me a good employee (when not drinking)..5. I've always looked after my partners feelings and put her first as often as i can.
1. Generally always upbeat and happy. Coworker characterized me as a "really nice guy who just tries to make things fun for everyone." I'll take it.       .2. RSVP when required and almost always early if not on time.    .3. Wide interests and knowledge. I've been told I can talk to anyone. I have no social anxiety.     .4. Even tempered to a fault. Don't scream yell cuss punch when angry - I always try to get a handle or vent it constructively before reacting.       .5. Self awareness. This might seem self indulgent but even my wife told me recently that I have "a rare ability to change myself."
1. I'm musically inclined I like making my own music..2. I'm told I have a calming presence (something I try to remind myself when I'm feeling like a bundle of raw nerve endings).3. I have a lot of interests and curiosity eager to learn new things.4. I'm a loyal friend and partner.5. Good sense of humor and try not to take myself too seriously.
1.  I work hard and take pride in it. ..2. I love my wife and kids unconditionally. ..3.  I stay in shape and eat appropriately for the most part...4.  I am humble and realize I am lucky to be where I am in life...5.  I seem to succeed at most of my endeavors.  #vigilance
1. My talents. I'm good enough at enough things art primarily that what I create brings me joy and that I feel joy in striving to become better...2. I try to have an informed moral conscience based on reading thought and experience. I like that my ethical standpoints usually have a lot of reasoned thought behind them....3. I like that I generally don't have regrets want to "go back" to a better time or age or feel like 'things were better when...' Every age I've been has had its own rewards and every choice I've made has brought me here and I'm OK with that....4. I'm ridiculously fond of my collar bones. I like my body my face my height... I may change things that can be easily changed (I'm not naturally this blonde) but I'm comfortable with my alleged "flaws" and embrace them as a part of myself. ...5. I have a drive to help people. It may be a bit of a curse but I wouldn't change it. ...A great post mouse. People need to appreciate themselves more! Zen hugs - Talie
1) I can tie my own shoes. Both of them. ..2) I have 2 semi-functioning ocular orbs. ..3) I spell many words correctly-ish. ..4) I can math the fuck out of numbers shit. ..5) I have over four (4) American dollars in the bank. 
1. I'm strong . At 150lbs I'm pound for pound strong than a lot of.m bigger guys I know..2. I can write good songs !.3. I'm a good dad . .4. I like my haircut a lot.5. I haven't drank in 13 days !!
1. I can run really fast and for a long time..2. I'm good at writing fiction..3. I like helping people..4. I'm getting better at photoshop..5. I'm good at organising events.
1. I care about eating healthy food and feeding my family healthy food. .2. Although I have my ups and downs I am able to do pretty well in a career I love. When I was a child I would have never dreamed I would end up doing what I'm doing. .3. I am not afraid of taking a risk -- in fact sometimes I risk too much. But in general taking risks has lead to great rewards in my life. Also it makes life exciting. .4. I have good ideas. .5. I keep trying even if I fail or fall down I get back up and keep at it. 
I love trying new things whether it be new food or hobbies...Speaking of hobbies i generally love practicing them until im good. Right now i play a lot of pool and i juggle hockey pucks with a stick...Whatever i like i get very passionate...Im a good listener. When people need to talk i let them i dont just wait for my turn to speak...I put the toilet sear down always.
1. I have an ear for music. My family is often surprised when I'm watching singing competitions and call a contestant out for being off key or pitch or whatever. Then the judges come on and say "That was pitchy." So I guess I'm not tone deaf..2. On that note (hehe) I can sing. .3. I'm calm and accommodating to others' needs..4. I like that I can complete a project with detail and creativity when I actually put my mind to it..5. I will go to the ends of the earth for my family. I am a family guy and will put them above most other things in life whether it's my parents or siblings. I love em..
This is hard.. Let's try anyway!..I am very good at my job which involves a lot of socializing and responsibility. ..I am creative especially with music - I play drums and used to produce electronic music...I can cook tasty and healthy food (when I'm sober) mostly Asian and Indian stuff and I enjoy doing that..I am witty observant and tend to question everything..Lastly I realize that I have the tools and support and help available to stop escaping my problems into the bottle and turn my life around - something that my dad and both grandfathers never probably had.
I take regular showers. With soap...I can count all the way to ten...I sharpen my pencils all by myself!..I write things. Sometimes people read them. ..My cardio is still as good as it was when I was 18. Running is an underrated skill. Cops are getting fitter and leaner these days... 
1 good mum..2 helping people..3 independent ..4 wise..5 strong
OK I'll keep it short and sweet so I don't end up being too modest or talking myself down again...1. I am kind..2. I am honest..3. I am always on time..4. I am intelligent..5. I work on improving myself little by litte every single day.
I appreciate this! ..1. I'm a genuine and sincere person...2. I love unconditionally. ..3. I make good use of my experiences both tragic and lucky. ..4. That I'm trying always...5. I am intelligent and well educated and those two things empower me more than anything else.
1. I am far too humble to start a list I know would extend far past 5.
1. My ability to make others laugh and smile.2. My love for nature and animals.3. My appreciation for a good book and a cup of tea.4. My openness and willingness for positive change.5. My courage to ask for help
1. I have the same number 1 as OP! I'm not like stand up funny but I'm witty in conversation. I usually make someone laugh each day even if it's just me...2. I'm smart. When I put in a reasonable amount of effort I do really well in learning environments...3. I can find joy in small things...4. I have at least one friend who I've consistently helped through some bad times. Maybe a few...5. I'm not crazy strong but I'm in way better shape than high school or college-me was.
1. Horses seem to like me..2. Dogs seem to like me..3. Cats seem to like me..4. People have started seeming to like me since I got sober..5. Er...that's it...no hang on edit here *I've* started seeming to like me
It is hard. It is something I'm working on with the counsellor. I will think and come back.
1)  I really listen when people talk..2) I read a lot..3) I have a daft sense of humour ..4) I give big hugs and cuddles ..5) Even in the darkest of times I hold onto hope
1. I'm tall! I used to be embarrassed about it but there is something super awesome about being 6'2" when I wear high heels. I know what the top of your head looks like!..2. I'm funny although I crack myself up the most and sometimes can't even make it to the punch line because I'm laughing so hard...3. I can cook a lot better than I used to. I no longer use the smoke detector as a way to determine that the food is done...4. I'm motivated. I'll FINALLY be graduating med school next year. It has been a long and wild journey that has taken a fuck-ton of hard work on my part...5. I'm sober and I honestly never thought that would be possible. I was so hopeless before. I was just ready to be done with life. Now I'm actually looking forward to what comes next!..Thanks for this thread. I love reading what everyone has to say. Hugs to you Mouse.
