-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hzttg/going_to_my_first_meeting_today/

I relapsed last night and I promised myself that if I did I'd have to go to a meeting. I'm in the Bible Belt so I'm a little worried about the God thing. Also the only one I can make is a BB meeting what should I expect? Thanks guys for helping me through this. I wish it were easier...Edit: Went. Ironically the reading was 4th Step. It was good though and everyone was friendly. The stories were great. Lot of brave people in there. 
----------immediate responses--------

This [link goes to my post on the nuts-and-bolts of a first AA meeting.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/)  Big Book meetings are organized around the group reading and discussion of the contents of AA's basic text (largely written by Bill Wilson) and a discussion of that day's reading.  
I just walked in and sat down.  My meetings are smaller with regulars who all know each other so I was showed a little extra attention.  They wanted me to know I was the most important person in the room but not in an uncomfortable way.  It was in a caring way.  I did not feel smothered.  So far I have only been to discussion meetings.  Usually there is a reading from the big book or some other resources about a particular subject.  The subject usually involves one of the ideas around the steps.  Then everybody goes around the room and speaks for a short bit.  Sometimes people pass and just listen.  I have shared every time because I felt I had something to say about the subjects as they pertained to me.  It seems half of the people are agnostic and jokes are tossed about around the subject.  The main point is trying to become a better person while being surrounded by people who are trying to accomplish the same thing as you.  I hope your experiences will be like mine.  Try to ignore people if they happen to get on your nerves a bit.  There seems to always be one person at a meeting like this for me.  I seem to gravitate toward the old folks although I am middle aged.  The old folks in my meetings are just so chill and laid back with so many cool experiences to glean knowledge from...
Don't worry about the 'God' stuff. I'm agnostic myself. AA has a saying: 'Religion is for people who are frightened to go to hell AA is for people who've been there.' There is a spiritual element to the programme sure but you write your own script on that. You'll be in a safe place with people who've all been through what you're going through now. Relax.
There is a whole chapter in the BB titled "We Agnostics" so don't worry about the God thing...At the beginning of the meeting they will ask if there is anybody attending their first AA meeting.  That is when you raise your hand and introduce yourself...If you don't identify yourself as an alcoholic you can say something like "Hi my name is _____ this is my first meeting and I have a desire to stop drinking."..During the meeting feel free to share or to pass.  If you want to pass say something like "My name is ____ and I have a desire to stop drinking.  Thanks for calling on me but I am just going to listen today."..At the end of the meeting pick up a desire chip...That's pretty much it.  You will feel a lot better after the meeting.
BB meetings are different than open discussion or topic meetings.  Whether you love or hate this BB meeting i suggest you try to find an open meeting soon. 
The God thing was a huge barrier for me in early recovery because I made it a huge barrier. Now I'm not bothered by other people's use of God. Because if that's what helps them get sober I support it. Me I need something different so I use the universe in a non spiritual or religious sort of way. And that works for me. I no longer feel threatened by others religion even if I feel like it is being pushed on me. Because the truth of the matter is is that other people's behaviors and experiences are about them and I don't need to make it about me. It took me years to get there and I still have to practice this type of thinking day-by-day. What helps me the most is the idea that I can take what helps and leave the rest.
