-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4i7qn6/strong_cravings_triggered_by_tax_worries/

Hi all just posting a note here because it's been a rough couple of weeks and cravings have been hitting me in waves. ..It's the first truly lovely Friday evening of the spring in Toronto and the patios were already half full when I left work at quarter to five. I could smell the beer as I walked by the pub beside the subway station and had to consciously turn head away from the pub to put the thought of drinking out of my mind. ..The trigger is potential tax issues on my husband's part that I became aware of this year because it's the first time our statuses change to married on our returns...The anxiety of possibly having to pay money I don't have has triggered relapses before; once in 2012 when I owed $1500 in taxes I wasn't prepared for and in a lesser way in 2014 when I owed $500. We're arguing about it and I'm feeling depressed for the first time since right before heading to rehab in fall 2015...I'm at home listening to music and drinking my Coke Zero but the urge to go to the liquor store or out to a bar are strong. I am on naltrexone and I know that I won't get the euphoric effects of any alcohol I do drink. What I will do is reawaken the addiction pathways in my brain and knowingly engage in risky behaviour because I know what my drinking usually leads to... Blackouts arguments time lost to awful hangovers etc...So I'm just posting here to make myself accountable to others and in solidarity with anyone else in recovery who's been where I am tonight. ..Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really glad you reached out here! It has always helped me to get my feelings out instead of keeping them locked up inside of me...So logic time comin right atcha - what good will drinking do over this situation? Will it make money magically appear? Will it make the tax problem go away entirely? Will it make it easier to deal with in any way shape or form? ..Nope. Nope nope and nope. This is a problem that can be solved but drinking at it won't solve it. In fact I can pretty much guarantee it will make things worse. ..Hang in there. Cravings pass. Feelings change. And every time I don't drink over something it gives me more momentum for the next time. 
Finances are a big trigger for me too. I get really stressed out about anything involving money. ..The only thing I can think of in your case might be to acknowledge that if you picked up a drink you would be in a worse financial position. Alcohol is expensive!..This is actually how I justify treating myself once in awhile like buying books off of Amazon or a new shirt. I consider those luxuries compared to food and shelter and don't typically buy stuff like that for myself. But then I think about all of the money I save from alcohol so I allow myself the occasional treat. I find it helpful
Aaah...good old CRA. They called me once at 7:45 p.m. on my birthday looking for $1800. Ranks as the worst birthday phone call ever! But seriously if $ are owed drinking will only make it harder to deal with. Then there are two or more problems to deal with.  You can usually negotiate a payment plan with them. I did this last year for my daughter who owed in excess of $4000. They will also apply any future GST rebates to the debt if you are eligible for those. Not the end of the world. Drinking now would be far worse...you are within reach of one year!
I'm so glad you posted this! I am stuck in a bad financial situation (of my own doing) and I have been a wreck all week. Hung my hopes on a lawyer helping me but that got shot down. I had to pray like hell all day today just to get to my job and do it I'm so distracted by this mess. I do have a strong urge to drink and have been letting thoughts of alcohol creep in. I'm with you I may have a monkey on my back but it won't be alcohol. Nothing is so bad that drinking won't make WORSE. This too shall pass!!!!
Hang in there. Drinking doesn't make the problem go away it just anesthetizes you from it for a few painful hours and then doubles down on the anxiety for a few days. Long term net loss all around. Plus you've almost got a year under your belt! You can do it!
Thank you everyone for your words of encouragement. It means a lot to know that I'm not the only one who knows how this feels. You're right drinking won't do anything to help the problem and will make it worse and I am coming up on 8 months sober and I'm happy to be free of alcohol and want to keep it that way.
