-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ib8tt/relapsed_friday_night_after_30_days_sober/

Felt so overwhelmed and stressed from work I needed to do something to destress and unwind.  I told myself that I could just have one glass of red wine at home alone.  How many times am I going to tell myself that line.  I drank the bottle in about 20 minutes then walked to the shop and bought another bottle and 4 cans of stella.  Drank myself into oblivion in about an hour n a half of having a sip  woke in bed don't remember much but tbh I doubt was much to remember. At least I  didn't do it in public.  I felt so stressed i needed a release and the alcohol did give it to me it washed all my worries away relaxed me and zapped my energy putting me in a state of lethargy which is exactly what i needed. It's a very quick step from that to being a full on blackout drinker again who is passing out in bars around town. Here's the thing how can I unwind without alcohol i excercie but sometimes i just need to have my brain blanked.  I will start again and this time i know i can't have one no matter how bad a week it's been. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it can be losing myself in hobbies meditating helping other people out or just spending time with friends and having some fun.
I think the key is experimentation. Trial and error. And during the process of finding something that helps you unwind realize that there will be times when you can't unwind. The culmination of new and fun activities will take some time but remember that it's an adventure and even failing to find something is still better than having spent that same evening drinking instead. ..Because you tried. ..One thing that helped me was revisiting things I loved before I started drinking. All these wonderful passions I haven't touched in years because of alcohol. I'm in the process of renewing these passions and it's very satisfying. ..Keep trying and let us know what you come up with. :)
&gt; Felt so overwhelmed and stressed from work I needed to do something to destress and unwind. ..I get this.  Me?  I'd go to an AA meeting. 
I file stress under coping skills. Exercise does a lot for me but I do need to shut off occasionally. I can usually achieve this in a mindless task that kinda blanks the mind like a hobby or project. Drawing. Sanding/finishing wood painting something jigsaw puzzles coloring even my netflix queue. 
Glad you are back here...Regarding giving my mind a rest I use television right now. It works for me right now and is better than a drink. I have a stressful job and hear you on the need to escape after work for a bit. I am hoping that after a while I will have the energy again to pick up hobbies after work but I am being patient with myself. ..Best of luck and thank you for posting here.
In AA people tell me exactly what I need to hear even if it's sometimes not what I want to hear - rigorous honesty..... If your job is so stressful is a change of career or different job a possibility? I worked in London for years and live on the coast. I'd commute 4 hours plus everyday and do a stressful job inbetween. A guy in AA said why didn't I consider working locally. I told him he was being rediculous. It was 'wearing my recovery down' and I was sober but always resentful. Fast forward a few years and a redundancy and I'm working locally in a less paid but less stressful job and my recovery is easier and my needs are met even if my wants aren't always. I kind of realised if I stayed in London I'd drink again one day it was my 'achillies heel'. Just a suggestion then - whatever you choose I hope your recovery is easier one day at a time.
After a few weeks of sobriety I found that things that used to seem very stressful or overwhelming (my job especially) were so much easier to handle than they were when I was drinking. I realized I was stuck in this cycle where alcohol was making my life more stressful and then I'd use alcohol to relieve that stress. I think sleeping more and better has also helped with that feeling of not always wanting to be present. 
[deleted]
It doesn't blank the mind but coming here sure takes my mind off of a lot of things in life and reduces stress. When I stop by SD I'm reminded of the sober work I am doing in recovery. I am forced to think about my relationship with alcohol and for me it is therapeutic and relaxing. Reading is scientifically proven to reduce your heart rate and by extension it reduces stress. That coupled with the support found here is singlehandedly (literally I read and comment here from my phone) the best escape for me right now. I spent too many years blanking out my mind. Now I want to explore my mind my beliefs; act on my curiosities. The only way I made it this far (every day is a new record for me now) is by trying again and again and not letting my relapses get to me. Mistakes happen. I'm glad you are committed to trying again and good luck. You have a solid month of sober experience and memory to draw from and give you strength as you move forward.
It sounds like your research into continued drinking is showing you that to "relax" your unconcious mind and body wants a bottle or two or three and a blackout. You want a clear head and a fulfilling life I would assume. Research showed me that in order to get a decent life that I could remember experiencing I had to stop altogether. And then stay stopped. So I've stopped. And am staying stopped. Maybe you need more research maybe you don't.
