-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ictnq/alright_then/

Looks like whatever venom and frustration I tried to vent to splatter up here out and away from myself isn't welcome here...I get it. The frustration the contortions and spasms and vibrating anguish the fear and the disappointment the disillusionment...it's not fun to hear about. It's not encouraging...But it's there and it's real. It claims lives. The despair and frustration has found some of us planting our shoulders on the deck swallowing rounds of varied calibers. Some of us find our end one to four feet above the deck swaying bloated and mocking from something sturdy...I get it. I also get how discouraging it can be to hear this read this hear nothing but cold deep disappointment hot vibrating frustration...I get it if it's not welcome here...I know I am not that special. I am me and I have been to strange places. Seen the most bizarre and saddening things...But in that I am not special. I am definitely not the only one...And I guess not a lot of people want to hear about it about the fear and shame and guilt...But where I'm at *who* I am limits my scope. My world is narrow...I am locked in a struggle to rid myself of the one thing I know can make me forget for varying swatches of time the pain and shame and guilt and heartbreak and loss that colors every creaking movement I make every pale decision I make...And it is not a bright tale it is not a triumphant story. It is violence punctuated by introspection and more frustration always the frustration the anguish of reaching out just to be shut down by the lying smiling outside world...This place is about all I have if I want to keep on with the things I have made my life and my call...But if I can't empty myself here if it poses a risk...I get it. And I'll figure it out. Somehow. I always do...I get it.
----------immediate responses--------

Can you get out of the military?  Do you feel the military is the cause of your angst?
You will always have a home here and you never have to be afraid to post. We're here for you. 
Are you doing asap? I'm not sure what the navy s version is. 
This may be the closest I safely feel I can get to describing what's gnawing and lapping at me without totally shitcanning my anonymity (kinda moot my face and delicious beard are out there) and diving headlong into every sordid humiliating detail of my career...But here's what's killing me pushing and pulling me in and out of alcohol's fuzzy fiery ellipsis - I was placed in a position of authority with very little preparation. I took the challenge not realizing until after the fact that I was disgustingly unprepared and woefully negligently undertrained. I was sent on a mission I should have refused but took on anyhow. I took on a task I was not ready for. ..I fucked up...I was stone sober for this and the debacle that followed and for a good stretch after. I fell on my face a time or two but I have never failed to get back into my boots...I almost got myself and my team killed. I didn't. And I was sober. ..This raises doubt and many many questions for me. ..The whole thing remains unresolved but many nasty things lie in each chamber rotating behind the barrel. They threaten everything I have lived strained worked and learned for...I am a good Sailor and always have been...But the doubt and the second guessing they're killing me...It makes staying sober when I could just burn the whole fucking house down much more difficult than it ought to be...Looking myself in the eye in the mirror in the gray silent hours of pre dawn has always been tough...It is almost impossible now...And I know if I strip my gear and hop right off the ledge I won't have to deal with this shit anymore...But I don't. Not yesterday. Not today...And I will *will* myself through tomorrow...Because this is my life. I made it mine. I won't give it up without one hell of a fight.
Hello u/schmammered glad you're here...Thanks for your service.  I'm a veteran but of a different conflict than yours.  I don't offer that for  anything except to thank you for the risks you take and the protection I and others enjoy from your service and sacrifices.  There's a lot of support here.  ..I read this posting and see "whatever I tried....to vent.....isn't welcome here."  While I understand your frustration with 'your situation' and understand you're angry and see that you're holding a grudge against yourself I do not understand how you arrived at the perception that "(your posts)..isn't welcome here."..I've read many of your posts.  Recently you posted [Red and Black](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f5i8r/black_and_red/) and I along with several others responded.  I complimented you on your posts referring to previous posts.  I've not seen any 'Ill will' about your posts.  ..From my perception this is the most you've 'shared or responded' to what others offer in way of support.  ..As I wrote in Red and Black I'm not clear what you want.  Just to vent?  Solicit support?  Offer suggestions?  ..When I read this post I come away with the impression that you perceive we as readers don't want to hear what you say or care about your struggles.  I don't see that in the responses I've read to your posts.  I see a caring community.  Attempting to reach out to you.  ..Here's what I'm unsure of in your post(s): what do you want?  ..I apologize for my lack of discernment.  ..I assure that I care.  I always keep an eye out for active service and veterans posts because I have some experience with the struggles associated with service.  I've got my own.  ..Please tell me what would help?  What would send the appropriate message for you?..Peace be with you.  Just for Today I don't Drink with You...
