-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ildey/took_57_days_off_had_a_few_drinks_and_here_is/

I took the time off because I am seeing a therapist and working on my anxiety issues.  I told myself I would make it to my birthday have a few drinks and then decided if booze was for me .  I use to be very shy.  I use to use drinks to help me talk to people or girls. I would Binge drink on weekends and caught myself drinking alone a few times.  I was not a mean person.  I just did not like who I was and was not being honest with myself.  I saw it as a form of self abuse.  I feel really happy to learn this at a younger age rather then go in circles for years.  57 days off and I felt great and look great and never really craved it.  I had some beers on my birthday.  I felt good for a second but only wanted more and then started to feel depressed.  Good news is I woke up the next day and was like hey you tried it and you felt like shit.  Move on! (Happy I did not do anything too bad ( drunk me even thought it was a stupid idea and just went to bed:)  I ran a half marathon the next day and was like (this is the high I really enjoy.)  I'm not a bad looking 29 year old guy but was never really felt comfortable in my own skin.  I felt i needed drinks to make myself cool or always felt like I needed to be funny and exciting all the time.  I really enjoy netflix running and reading.   I no longer really want to hook up with random women.  I understanding now I was searching for validation(  I am working on that in CBT)  Since quitting my dating life has been exploding.  I went on 5 different dates in two weeks.  The great news is I have been honest about dating other women and honest about my anxiety and talking to a consular.  I don't see it as something to be afraid or ashamed of.  I feel like an evolved smart man.  I am taking things slow and really have no interest in meaningless sex or rushing into anything.  I say who I am and what I want.  I don't care if people like me or not as long as I am my true honest self.  On the plus side I have told all the girls from the ages 20-29 that booze is not for me.  I don't judge anyone here I just feel very fortunate and lucky to have learned this and write this as a reminder to myself in the future.  All the girls seem to be really into me for being honest and open and into a guy he is not into getting drunk Score!!!! I thought age differences would matter but I was wrong there are plenty of older and younger women who are not that big on drinking! The best part is not feeling guilty or like a player.  Why?  Because my only interest is finding someone to have a loving happy relationship with.  For the first time in a really long time  I really feel I deserve   it. I would not consider myself and alcoholic(not that matters)  I see myself as someone who has anxiety who has the risk of abusing drugs.  So it better to CBT and run like a madman for me!  I feel a lot of people here have some underline mental disorder and need help.  I feel like a much more understanding person and now really feel for people here that struggle.  I forced myself to move to another country and had a lot of ups and downs.  Now I am like Dude..your 29 living in Sweden!  There is beautiful nature and beautiful girls everywhere!  You are a great dude!  Be a good person and make the world a better place!  No more booze for me and I feel great!!!!!  Ps.  thanks for the support and I hope someone dealing with anxiety or booze issues can get inspired by this.  All we need to be truly great is already inside us.  I think we just need to learn to let that out!
----------immediate responses--------

You do sound like a great dude! Glad you're back and feeling better!
Awesome man! Way to keep at it after the 57 days. Some people aren't as fortunate to get right back up. 
Actually your case is quite similar to me. So it is great to know I'm not alone. I actually have obsessive compulsive disorder and also go to a therapist for it. However - I haven't been able to reach the breaking point into the dating thing. I'm still having a lot of trouble concieving getting girls in some other place which there's no booze. The same case I'm a good looking 27 year old guy but I got no idea how to pick up girls without booze. For al ong time. 
Awesome man. I'm the same way I'm not an alcoholic or anything; I'm quitting solely due to anxiety issues...Already starting to feel those benefits you're talking about after a little over a week...Keep it up dude
