-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4in2j8/first_relapse_this_weekend_trying_to_get_back_on/

I had 10 days as of Friday but my parents came into town for the first time in years to celebrate mother's day. My dad has been sober my whole life (which I've never really thought of as a plus) but my mom loves wine and living in Santa Barbara I wanted to treat her to a few of the local spots. I didn't want her to feel subconscious and live it up so I didn't even bring up my sobriety and had wine at dinner and mimosas at brunch. Unfortunately at the end of the day I felt like the day was marred anyways so I might as well have a bottle of wine to myself. ..In my head sobriety is still a shameful thing because it implies alcoholism which I'm starting to realize I always subconsciously thought of as weakness. I clearly have it and so now I have to somehow reconcile the "shame" of realizing that I don't possess the willpower to go "one and done". ..That's really not something that I want to admit to myself but I really am starting to see what kind of power this fucker has over me... ..Obviously I should have told my parents I was trying to be sober and I'm sure they would have been thrilled and the whole thing would have been avoided. The problem is that I now feel like that's going to be a conversation I have with everyone moving forward. I know that no one that matters will care but god damn does it feel like a chore. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear you hit a rough patch but start fresh again tomorrow. Today is only day one for me but I'm scared of the very same situation. I'm Catholic....we love to drink. Every family function is filled with booze. If you aren't ready to have that conversation with your parents (I know I am not) then try to avoid those situations. Easier said than done I know.  Many people may disagree with me but I plan on making excuses for why I am not drinking. "I'm not feeling well" or something to that effect. And I'm not ashamed of it. Telling people when you're ready (if ever) is a personal decision we have to each make on our own. 
&gt;In my head sobriety is still a shameful thing because it implies alcoholism which I'm starting to realize I always subconsciously thought of as weakness. I clearly have it and so now I have to somehow reconcile the "shame" of realizing that I don't possess the willpower to go "one and done"...One of the most important parts of my own recovery was learning how to accept who I was with no guilt or shame.  When that happened it was like a 50lb backpack that I carried 24/7 was suddenly lifted off of me.  I was riddled with shame guilt and depression about my alcoholism. I never thought I would get over it.  ..Good luck to you.  I really hope you find some way to accept this and live with shame.  Good luck!
Don't get caught up in the alcoholic label. I for one do not view myself as an alcoholic. There are plenty of other folks here who have expressed a similar mindset. I'm simply a person who stopped drinking.  ..When people ask me why I stopped I have a pretty generic canned response that seems to suffice: "The benefits of drinking do not outweigh the negative consequences that are happening to my health and wellbeing. After researching it further for my own health and personal reasons I have decided to stop drinking." 
Sucks but you're seeing and owning the details of it. That's good. ..Also it doesn't have to be a big Conversation w people if you don't want it to be. I understand though that it's recommended that we tell people around us for the sake of enhanced accountability...For what it's worth I told anyone who noticed my abstinence that I was stopping for a while that I wanted to lose weight feel sharper etc. That's all true stuff. That doesn't work for some people. But it has worked for me so far...Didn't almost cave last night. But I did want wine. I told my wife who said "Just have one." (She doesn't think I'm an alcoholic bc I never managed to destroy our lives.)..Why in the living f*ck would anyone want to do that? I asked. Well that's the "Veep" ( TV show) version of what I said which was actually instead:.."I don't want one glass. I want three or four. But I don't want to be drunk and I'm too busy tomorrow to be hung over." ..Plus if it's OK for me to have a few one night it starts this whole train (chain) of thought that _I might as well have wine another night_ (every night). Then I'd resume my physical dependence on it and all the bullshit justifications for why it's OK etc. etc. .....Meh. Good riddance to that nightmare. ..Hang in there. 
