-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4in6zp/dont_know_if_this_is_the_right_sub_but_my_wife/

I've been sober for 12 years. My wife whom I met significantly afterwards was sober and then relapsed. She's had problems with other substances too but primarily alcohol and other sedatives. She has chronic pain and PTSD. She went to rehab this fall. ..She called me (video called me) today and told me she had relapsed. I didn't want to be angry but she told me in a very flat manner and I could see in the frame that she was doing whip-its (nitrous oxide). I felt deeply insulted and like I was being taken for granted. She got upset and asked why she even bothered calling when I didn't immediately respond and looked upset...As far as triggers she got some upsetting news from home (her dad almost burned the house down by accident but no one was actually hurt). While I'm sympathetic to the fact that she was triggered and sympathetic to relapse being something that happens I was nonetheless very angry that she neither apologized to me for violating my trust nor actually *asked* me for help...First I was vocally angry but then I calmed down and said that I literally just wanted her to say she was sorry and ask for my help. I feel like I'm being an asshole but I feel like if I just rush over and clean her up that's enabling. ..I'm staying somewhere else tonight. I don't know what to do. I don't know if I'm being an asshole and putting my wife in harm's way. My sobriety is more solid than hers but I am bipolar (this is my throwaway account for mental health discussions I'm no saint as I've already mentioned I can get angry). I don't trust myself not to lose control of my emotions if she's actively drinking/using when I go over. I'm by no means physically abusive but I'm afraid I'll just snap and yell at her if she doesn't promise me she'll straighten up and go to all her meetings and fulfill her promises. And I know that's not helpful...I'm not just angry. I'm very very very sad. It's just that anger happens to be the emotion I'm better at expressing...so a lot of times sadness comes out that way. I don't trust myself to help her she's in another apartment I can't just call 911 (she's not in mortal danger that I know of unless she tries to do it via alcohol in which case I don't know how to stop it) and I really do feel like it's pointless for me to go over if she's in a place where she thinks I don't deserve an apology or even to literally be asked for help. ..My trust is broken and I want to help her but I'm afraid I can't do it right now. I also think she's going to call me at like 2am knowing I have to work tomorrow and then she'll finally be apologetic because addicts are manipulative...I don't know if I'm being responsible and I don't know if my anger is justified but I mostly just don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear this.  Have you tried /r/alanon ?  That may be a much better sub for you and your situation.  Good luck to you and your wife.
Many among us are very sick. We put principles before personalities. You put yourself into the situation and now both of you are hurt. Let go of your ego and go be with your wife. 
In no way I'm qualified to advise with this but good luck and I hope you two get through this soon 
