-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ioitd/turning_24_with_the_coping_skills_of_a_17_year_old/

My birthday is around the corner and I've always wondered why I've floundered while my brother (a year and a half older) has thrived. He's been a model student and adult his whole life   well-adjusted owns his own house makes a lot of money is about to get married...After the rape I experienced at age 17 I turned to drugs and alcohol to numb any emotion I may have possibly felt. I have been in denial for the better part of my life since then and only since I have gone totally clean and sober have I finally been able to allow myself to experience feels rather than quiet them with a drug...This. Is. Freaking. Insanity. My poor little brain doesn't know how to cope with all the adult feelings I'm having. My father recently cut off contact with me   I've been moping non-stop for a month unable to accept that he really doesn't want to talk to me. I'm developing real feelings for a guy rather than letting someone I'm KIND OF into tell me  hey I like you  and just dating him because it's convenient. Feeling something real for someone based on their personality and the way they treat me? That's brand new and something I'm struggling to cope with...I recently spoke with my therapist who said that because I suppressed my feelings for so long with drugs and alcohol I stopped having to learn how to cope. I'm behind. I can really feel the truth in that. ..Does anyone else get frustrated with feelings   whether they're good or bad? Is it normal for me to be unaware of how to handle these emotions? Is there anything I can do about it? 
----------immediate responses--------

I started drinking at 17 and when I stopped at 41 I still had the emotional intelligence of a 17 year well actually I think I may have slipped back a few years :-)..I'd say it's pretty normal and your therapist is right - "arrested development" I think they call it and it certainly was the case for me I was like a kid in a grown-ups body when I finally quit drinking. What I do now is follow the 12-Step program of recovery which was first developed by Alcoholics Anonymous and then adopted by Narcotics Anonymous and Cocaine Anonymous and also a fair few other drug and alcohol rehabilitation programs. Over the years practising this program has taught me how to deal with my emotions effectively and thereby avoid using drugs and alcohol instead. And that's what it's designed to do - take someone like me who has was dependant on a drug and show them how to cope with life living sober free from dependence on drugs and alcohol...Now I'm six years sober I'm a lot more mature emotionally than when I stopped drinking and drugging not because I've just stopped drinking but because I've taken the time to actively learn how to live a happy and useful sober life. I've been following AA's 12-step program one day at a time these past six years and I really feel now that I've made up for all those lost years. I feel like an adult now I no longer fear people so much and I instinctively know how to handle situations which used to baffle me. It's like I've finally be given the script to successfully living that everyone else already seemed to have (I think I was probably drunk when they were handing them out). I don't think I would have been able to make this amount of headway on my own I had to have outside help...My only regret (and it is my only regret) is that I didn't stop drinking earlier. You've got a marvellous opportunity ahead of you. Just keep doing what you are doing asking for help and accepting it and you won't go far wrong.
Why would your Dad cut off contact?
It's not uncommon to find ourselves sober and 30 40 50 60--blinking our eyes like Rip Van Winkle to find that we have arrested our development.  The good news as far as I'm concerned is that we have the skillset to quickly jump on the path of our new normal.  Now at 60-something looking back over my life I can quite assure you that the game of life is not won by the sprinters but by those of us who can pace ourselves over the legs of a daily marathon.  
