-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ivwrg/rock_bottom/

I have finally decided to give it up. I've been a long time lurker and I always thought that I would simply be able to moderate. I have in the past was my excuse. But right now I have lost too much because of the drinking. I'm 23 and have depended on alcohol for my happiness stress-relief and to simply forget since I was 18. I become actually crazy when I drink my emotions take over and I become violent. I've lost a tooth my driver's license my wallet numerous timesa job and of course my dignity and self-respect on countless blacked out nights. It has almost destroyed me numerous times. I wish I had realized sooner that this was a problem. I've hurt friends and exes with the thoughtless things I've said. I am now dealing with the consequences of being basically a monster. I'm so grateful I haven't alienated my core group of friends and my beloved brother. This will not be easy but as long as I know I am not alone in this struggle. I go to my first AA meeting tomorrow. I'm nervous but I'm more nervous about all the upcoming opportunities to drink which will be thrown in my face. I know how irresistible it is for me. I honestly don't know how I'm going to do this but it is something that needs to be done. I'm telling all of my friends so I have some accountability. I don't want to disappoint them and myself again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/throwawayz7789 -- I'm sure if you've been lurking you've seen the [Baby Steps post more than a few times.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  That's where I started.  
I'm 23 as well and just in the past couple of weeks after a rough bottom have I told my family and close friends the true extent of the problem. There's help out there. You're not alone in this. Let's get off this shitty roller coaster while we still have a possibility of a full life ahead of us. Wishing you the best
I'm 27 now...got sober at 25.  You still have plenty of time. In two years I've gotten everything I lost due to my drinking back...and then some.  You'll never regret getting sober...even if at first it seems like it.
Congrats on choosing to stop NOW rather than when you're 33 or 43. You're saving a lot of years and making an extremely healthy and smart choice. Good luck.
26 here. A few days in after drinking every day since 17 Welcome to the fold brother.
When I finally gave up on the fighting by myself I went to an AA meeting and there's something powerful about admitting you're an alcoholic and its problems to a group of nonjudgmental faces. Something clicked and I realized I was all in. While didn't stick with it I did get the outside help that worked for me and I feel so much better freer.     .I hope this kick starts a bright future for you. 
[removed]
26 female here. Made a lot of bad calls because of.my drinking. Day 6 for me. Remember. We are not our mistakes. 
Welcome! You are not a monster no matter what you have done. It takes such courage to admit you have a problem and start facing it. Congratulations on doing so. :)
