-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ixybe/having_a_really_hard_time_today_and_really_close/

Ok so I am not sure who will see this and this is kind of my first time posting as an out reach for support. But here goes. I am sorry for the length of the post but I am struggling awfully today and really just kind of want to let it all out and hope someone will understand...Today is my 26th day of sobriety. I am extremely proud of myself that I have made it this far and am very thankful for what the 30 DSS has given me in regards to tools to aid me in quitting drinking. Unfortunately today is by far the hardest day I have had in fighting a craving. Just so everyone understands a little backstory I will go over what is making me feel this way very quickly...Three months ago my boyfriend and I had to move back to Maine from Cape Cod because we weren't making enough money to stay. Behind I left my little sister who is my best friend in the world. She had moved down there three years ago to be with me and here I am back in Maine. A large reason of this is because of the fact that I got a DUI back in June of last year and since then began the slow down hill descent of my life. Because I couldn't drive I slumped into a deep depression and felt like a complete failure. This depression lead me to abuse alcohol more than I ever had before and soon I ended up getting myself fired from my job for stealing a bottle of wine. I had been there for five years and just like that it was over. My shame and guilt (some of which has been eased by solutions and the total truth process) haunted me for months and still does to this day. The worst part about it is I had it so totally good there. My boyfriend and I worked together and we had a happy and simple life. The night I walked out of that building after getting caught the minutes of silence that followed and the horrified reaction of my boyfriend after I told him is a memory I will never forget...Long story short my depression followed me and so did my drinking. I would drink every night and frequently walk to the package store to get my 12 99 Watermelon Schnapps. On the way back home I would drink one or two and enjoy the walk back with a slight buzz. This is one of my most pleasant memories of alcohol. I remember counting down to my very last one always telling myself I wouldn't drink all of them by the end of the night. Anyways after three years of trying to keep the cute little house we had we finally had to throw in the towel. We weren't kicked out we just grew tired of living every day with the constant fear that  this month we wont be able to pay rent.  So without even telling our landlord or anything we moved out. In a week we were gone. I am a very solitary person and enjoy my time alone in my own home. Now we are pretty much stuck living in a small room at his moms house so I can save up to pay off my court fees and get my license back. I am stuck living in constant fear that one day the Police will show up where I live and arrest me because I still owe money on probation and left the state...I decided on April 15 2016 to make a change for myself once I found the 30 Day Sobriety Solution. I went out bought the book and decided that day was my day one. Up until today it has been flawless. I have not given in yet but each letter I type it is on my mind. The warm pleasant feeling of the liquor hitting my stomach and the warmth it brings to my face. After that it is usually followed by a warm mental feeling which relieves me of all anxiety and makes any task I am doing slightly more fun. The truth is where I am living now is making it nearly impossible for me to stay on the straight and narrow...1. Most of the people who live here do acid or LSD and the house is constantly filled with people who are partying and listening to loud music. As an introvert this drives me nuts. I don't like the noise and the constant stimuli causes me to feel more and more trapped every day. When I drank it always seemed a little less tolerable...2. Right now I am stuck in a nasty limbo. I live in an area of claustrophobia which is making me feel less and less affectionate to my boyfriend who loves me and has done nothing but support me in this whole time. I feel suffocated so even on a day off I am stressed out and irritated. I have no license and am constantly stressed about saving for it and clearing my court fees. I feel like I will never accomplish these things...3. I love my job at Chipotle and have just been hired at Cracker Barrel as a waitress. I love waitressing and this is my effort in hopes to save faster for my goals. I made excellent money as a waitress and I am happy to be back at doing something I enjoy. I love working at Chipotle so much that I am even doing both..My problem is is that today I really really want to give in and have a drink. My boyfriend is anti alcohol and rarely EVER EVER drinks. A few years ago our good friend Sean passed away from Alcoholism and he doesn't see whatsoever the pull...The truth is. Tonight I just want to bust out the half bottle of vodka and twisted tea that I had left over from before I started my journey. I never threw it away because in my mind I spent money on it and am not about to waste it. I want to drink just enough to take the edge off and am even considering hiding it so I can get away with it. I am annoyed and angry because I want it so badly and know if I give in I will just hate myself and tell myself  you couldn't even do this.  I just want to sit back and let myself have this one thing and feel that happy little feeling for the first time and not feel guilty. But I can't. And it's driving me insane. I have even tried tapping. The constant people everywhere is killing me and I grow more and more trapped each day...Again. My apologies for such a long drawn out post. What do I do? I could have a drink and take the edge off but then am I a failure?..AR.
----------immediate responses--------

I know that feeling of not wanting to throw it out it seems like a waste right? And if you do drink you *probably* won't get caught this time. But you know that you will when you try it again. Plus the guilt of lying....Just try not to touch it tonight. I know you will thank yourself in the morning. &lt;3
I don't think you want to do that. Try to hang in until bedtime and you can think about it tomorrow...and hopefully by tomorrow you will be feeling stronger. I believe you can do this!
Just get through today! I will not drink with you today. You got this!
Distract yourself take a hot shower go for a walk whatever you do don't drink. You have come to far. You can do it. I will not drink with you today.
I understand.  Resist the temptation!  You will be so proud of yourself tomorrow.  I have been where you are and know how great it feels to win and how disappointing it feels to give in.  Stay strong for this day and stand tall and proud tomorrow.  I will join you in not drinking today. 
So actually in a way the worst thing that could happen right now: you give in you get that buzz/escape you want and you get away with it. What's next? I know what it would be for me climb every so slowly OR quickly right back into the next bottle...and the next and the next until I'm right back where I started. All for about..maybe an hour or two of comfort max? I'm super sorry for the living environment that is very hard. Can you get out to the movies or a cafe or a walk or something? I'm actually very jealous because I think Maine is just beautiful there must be somewhere you can go and be alone for a bit. Sending you positive vibes and best wishes. I'm not drinking today and I hope you don't either!
Everyone - I cannot say enough how grateful I am for your support. I signed back in not expecting a response and found many who were there to encourage me. Thank you the temptation has been eased. It turns out I was very dehydrated and because of this irritability set in. I drank some water instead and played some Pokemon...thank you again everyone for your support. I am thankful to know I have you all. .I will join you all in not drinking today. 
I would pour out that Vodka ASAP!  
