-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j2o01/emotions_and_being_selfish/

In working with my therapist it's become clear that I drink to dull and numb my emotions. Without the self-medicating I'm having to deal with the normal human element of feelings. This is new and different and I'm doing my best to process. In parallel I'm finding that I have become selfish about alone time. My wife and I are separated but she stills technically lives here although she's been staying with friends and family. When she comes over to get away from them I'm getting annoyed because I need to be alone. I don't say anything because I've already done so much to hurt her but I'm struggling to deal with it. I suppose I'm just venting but it feels good to get it out...I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel it's normal to have some alone time when trying to figure so much out you're getting sober and separated emotions are all over the place. I was better off alone in the beginning of this journey and separated too as long as I didn't feel completely isolated and lonely it is what I needed. You're at two weeks they were the toughest for me so congrats for hanging in! It got easier each week for me. Take your time it's not a race. 
Hi /u/AmicableHerculean. Kudos for 16 days! It sounds like you have a lot on your plate and may need more support. A therapist and AA were helpful to me. I'm glad you're here.
You may perceive it as "selfish" but actually you're just enforcing boundaries you wish you had set and kept all along. Personally I always listen to people when they say "I don't wanna talk about it  I wanna be alone " etc. but when I also  think or say anything like that I also perceive myself as being selfish. You're not being selfish...I always say this : it's MY life. Not yours. I'm going to do what I need to make myself feel the best I can and to have as little interference from anything as possible. In the past I applied this to my drinking with disastrous results . Now  I'm applying it to my time with great results. 
