-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j3l8g/hit_rock_bottom_ready_to_be_healthy_and_happy/

Probably not a new story but wanted to get it off my chest all the same. I'm Italian-Irish from NY. My father (Irish side) almost died of pancreatitis from drinking his father died of liver failure from drinking and my great grandfather froze to death one winter passed out on his stoop too drunk to open his own front door...I have been drinking since I was 22-23 (32 now). The past 2 or 3 years exclusively whiskey Evan Williams. It's cheap and gets the job done I hate beer. I am a closet drinker I would hide bottles everywhere and sneak sips when my wife wasn't looking and have coffee to cover the stink. Sometimes I would walk our dog just to go to the corner liquor store and buy another bottle. I have a specific jacket I wear just because it has big enough pockets to hide a pint. I once hid a bottle in our mailbox actually. When she fell asleep I would drink in bed and just cruise the web. Honestly for a long time it just gave me peace of mind to shut my brain off when the rest of the house was finally quiet. I work a 9-5 and have been hungover literally almost everyday for the past 2 years no one knew I assumed but the only sick days I have ever taken were for hangovers...Last weekend I was so drunk I thought I was going to be hospitalized Friday night. I puked things and colors I'd never seen (I've definitely have the "coffee grounds" dried blood puke before this was different). Things were coming out of both sides of my for two whole days and I missed work that Monday. The worst part is Saturday morning after puking all night I tried to drink more thinking it would help me rebound. Terrible mistake and I have no excuse for not going to a doctor. The mind of an alcoholic "I am so sick from drinking drinking more will help me"...I got fed up dumped all my booze down the toilet and said enough (not for the first time). I just want to be healthy. I am naturally a skinny guy but I am almost 40 pounds or more overweight I sweat all the time I always have gas and I am uncomfortable in my body. I am broke constantly spending 50 bucks a week or more routinely on pints or half pints of cheap whiskey. It's insane. I would wake up say "no drinking today" and by 3PM something in my head would tell me to drink to buy more. My feet would walk me to a liquor store no matter how my brain protested. I have several I go to so I don't look like I have a problem and I alternate them. The trigger could be anything. Remember that girl you dated in high school? Remember how fun it was to get drunk and read wikipedia articles all night? That guy drinking in this movie looks enticing good idea. Don't you miss being young? Why would you do (insure thing) sober it's so boring that way?..This sub is amazing and I think I can do this. I took a walk in Brooklyn today sun shining people out enjoying the weather. That's all I want. I think if I can go one month and see some weight drop off lose the bloat I will have enough positive reinforcement to keep it going. I love my wife and we want kids and I can't do that broke and boozed up all the time. Drinking went from a way to unwind to something pretty insidious. Lurked for a long time now I think I'd like to join in and support the rest of you struggling to be better versions of ourselves. Sorry this write up was so long. I am sure this is only the half of it. If you have similar stories share away I am happy to listen.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job on the 5 days. I still get anxious but after the 6 day mark I started to feel kind of here for a change. Time goes by differently. I was an everyday drinker (about 5 drinks a day) for over 30 years. I won't drink with you today.
That hiding bottles and drinking when everyone was asleep while I still browsed the web that was my M.O. too. It's awesome youve taken charge like this. Like your walk I'm always looking out for those ppl walking running riding and playing. Sober. They inspire me to stay active and enjoy the world around me. Not a dark room with a bottle for company. 
I know exactly what you mean about your feet carrying you to the store while your mind protests. I was the exact same way especially in the last two or three years. I spent many a workday and a weekend begging myself to take a day off just one day without drinking. And I'd silently scream at myself as I pulled into the gas station on my way home. ..Madness just madness...Only a week in and I can feel my brain trying to purge those memories trying to make me forget how bad it was. Thanks for helping me keep it fresh. ..Glad you're here. 
You can do this my friend. Your 5 days will soon become 10 15 20 etc. You know how time fly's. Before you know it it will be your 1 year mark and you will look back at how proud you were to make this commitment of sobriety and how regaining self worth came along for the ride. All the best to you.                        
This is a great post mate man.....hiding bottles! I thought I was the master of that so good I'd even hide bottles and when drunk simply  forget where I hid them. Alcohol taught me how to be sneaky and become a liar among other horrible things. I would also drink in bed and binge on Netflix I thought this was living! . When you mentioned throwing up all sorts of colours and then thinking drinking more would solve this gave me serious flashbacks! Taking the dog for a walk 7 or 8 times a day so my parents wouldn't know I was going to the bottle shop for a beer! I thought I was a genius! Glad you are getting sober I'm with you my friend.
If you think you can do this then you can do it.  Stay focused on taking one day at a time.  Every day I remind my self of how I quit smoking some 20 plus years ago.  I took it one day at a time.    
This is great!  Thanks so much.  I really can tell by your writing how much you want to stop and change.  Once my health declined my mind was made up.  I have made my recovery top priority.  Meetings working the steps and this forum has helped the most!  Keep posting.  You are a great writer with a big heart! 
Insidious is such an excellent way to describe the way alcohol was involved in my life at the end...Thank you for that...Glad you're here.
I think we could be twins. We've lived very similar alcoholic lives...except for the blood puking...I wasn't quite there but everything else was me down to a "T". I've slowly but surely learned to take back my life and the power alcohol had over me. If I can do it so can you. Keep posting and keep us updated...one day at a time my friend.
Congrats on 5 days! Yes I recall the days of hiding bottles forgetting where they were because I was too drunk and vomiting / nose gushing blood from high BP. At the time I began trying out sobriety my BF at the time told me he quit too. So I started thinking with my alcoholic brain and went with my gut: he had hidden bottles everywhere from the air conditioner under the bed under ice in the freezer in the mailbox (yup!) and the worst - in the snow!! Ugh I used to freeze to death digging up all those Jim Beam's and then I'd dump them back in the snow (streams of Jim Beam in the white snow looked kind of funny lol). In any case I can tell by the sound of your tone that you want to stop and I applaud you for coming to SD. We're here to listen encourage support whatever.. So from a fellow New Yorker when things get tough - keep busy; I hear there's lots of events by the Bridge during the Summer so bring your wife and all the juice that you want and have fun! Enjoy and keep coming back friend :)
I began with an initial 30 day goal as it approached I extended it another 30 etc. until sover became my normal and until I decideded sober was the best way for me to stay. Substitute drinks (sparkling water) heloed divert my urges and distractions helped keep my mind off them.
Well done on getting to day 6. If I remember correctly I had already started noticing little improvements. My sleep had settled a bit although I was sometimes waking feeling refreshed at 3 in the morning...To keep things going I found the daily pledge helped to pull me back from the brink several times. There's something magical in writing down 'I won't drink today'. I couldn't break that promise to myself and a load of internet strangers. What I found comes from that is a change in mindset so when something bad happens my default thought isn't 'can't wait until later when I can drink' anymore...It was also around the week mark where I sat down and wrote down all the pros and cons to drinking. It served as a helpful reminder when the thoughts come. Playing the tape forward is a similar tactic I use to keep me from picking up that first time...It's still inspiring to see people making their way back from the darkness of the rabbit hole...I will not drink with you today.
&gt;Remember how fun it was to get drunk and read wikipedia articles all night?..Yeah that was me.
