-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j45bz/sitting_outside_of_my_first_aa_meeting_waiting_to/

Hi SD..I am currently sitting in my car finally having gained the courage to go in to my first meeting. I should also mention that my tag is wrong I am once again 4 days in. ..I have decided I need to try this out meet others who are going through the same struggle and path to sobriety. I am nervous but also relieved. I just hope that everyone is kind that I don't have to talk if I don't want to... I don't know. I just don't know what to expect. ..UPDATE: I just got home... It was so great you guys. It was pretty nerve-wracking at first because I was just sitting there alone in a room full of strangers. But once it got going and everyone started sharing their experiences it just really made this desire to stop so real for me. There were so many different kinds of people people you would never ever think suffered from alcoholism... Younger older men women...As a younger woman I was so relieved to see so many people around my age there. A couple of stories brought me close to tears. I felt like I could really relate to these people. It is a community...And the hugs I got on the way out? They were kind and nonjudgmental and genuine. People who want to also write down their phone numbers in case you ever want to talk and they mean it. I have already texted two women that I met there and they said to call or text anytime...Long story short... Count me in. That was just what I needed. It might not work for everyone but I have a damn good feeling it is going to work for me.
----------immediate responses--------

So close! I'm excited for you!
This could be the bravest thing you are ever going to do. Good luck to you.
Go! It will be fine! Expect some friendly handshakes.
You're going into a safe place its really up to you whether you want to introduce yourself or speak. I recommend listening your first few times to discover how it works. 
Please let us know how it went. I will be in your position this weekend and I'm nervous too. Good luck! 
You can do it!
How was it???
You should be leaving the meeting right about now. I hope it was a good experience!
Please report back. I haven't been to a meeting and I'm very curious how it went... Your first one. Thanks. 
AA is good if you can find the good meetings...I was highly anti-AA due to what I thought was the religious leanings...Of course I had no idea what I was talking about because I had not actually gone to an AA meeting...Nervous to go to a meeting?  Totally normal.  Hell a lot of alcoholics drink in the first place due to anxiety issues.  Take that away bring back anxiety and then have to walk into a room full of strangers to discuss of all things how no one can handle alcohol anymore...It can definitely feel strange and awkward...Alcohol has almost killed me on numerous occasions due to withdrawal (literally very close ICU).  ..I like going to meetings because you are among like-minded people and get that "wow I was there too" moments...The best part is the hardest part (at least it was for me probably will be for you too if you found it hard to walk in)...Fellowshipping.  Meaning finding people you can relate to and keep in touch with who are actually doing it.   A solid group of sober people...The relapse rate with alcohol depending on how far you are into it is around 96%...That's not a typo.  I've been to some of the "prestige" rehabs and they openly admitted that 3-4% of their clients were still sober past the 1 year mark...That's how brutal the process is.  It seems simple ... I won't drink...It's nowhere near that easy.   Try to network and talk to other people get numbers get a sponsor get in the mix...That was the most useful part of AA to me.  Knowing that if I drank I had all these great people who I essentially just cut off.  And becoming friends with them allowing me to go out and do stuff that did not involve just going to a random bar or anything else that essentially requires alcohol.
Awesome. Keep going. Buy the big book. Keep going and as you get to know people someone will become your sponsor. Also don't feel pressured to go up and get a chip. If you want to do it (will eventually) do it but if not no sweat. 
Congratulations!  ..There's a recurring debate about meetings and "well I don't like this aspect" and "I don't agree with this point" and "this is old and outdated."..For me that's my mind looking to justify "not" doing the work...My approach is "Take the Best and Leave the Rest."..AA helped save my life.  Do I agree with every picayune micro detail?  No!  Do I see the underlying principles and their usefulness to my sober living?  Yes!..If I distill it the basics are "others vs. isolation"; I can't do it by myself (or I already would have!); and I need tools and resources to heal where it hurts and grow into my more authentic me...Keep posting!
Those numbers call them - say "an internet stranger told me to say I am just practicing."  they will laugh - probably arrange to meet you at another meeting - you will not be so alone....Also ask about women's meetings... ..Good luck and congrats
Awww you just made my day! :)  Just FYI it gets better as it goes a long.  I liked my group in the beginning I love my group now.  They're like my sober family.  I'm so glad you enjoyed it!  Congrats on the 5 days!!  The first week is the hardest keep your chin up!!
This is such a good encouraging post for anyone contemplating AA. I hear a lot of negatives from younger people who doubt it's usefulness. What you described is what I've discovered to be the norm 95% of the time. Good job. 
Congrats on getting to your first meeting. AA has changed my life. .Keep up the good work and look into getting a sponsor. That's when the change really started....Try and stick around just the women of the program for the first couple months :)
