-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j5052/how_awesome_are_sober_doctor_visits/

I should have shared this a while back but was inactive. Then I saw CCs post about sharing and thought 'what the hey...' ..A few months ago I went to a doctor due to bad reflux. Blood tests came back kind of weird and a battery of tests ensued. At that point I was 8ish months sober and often I reflected on how things would have been had I been drinking. Alcohol would have confused everything - was it just my weekend binge? I would have had more things to worry about - did I finally fry my pancreas? I'd have to muddle through a bunch of - ..'well how often do you drink?' ..'I don't know not often.'..'once a day a week?'..'probably once a week'..'and how many drinks would you say you have?'..'oh you know 23... *sigh*...  Ok 18... 12-20'..'...'..Instead I just said 'No I don't.' ..I got a clean bill of health two days ago (also relapsing when you're waiting on pancreas results... I clearly don't have a problem...). Basically healthy living to manage the reflux which brings up another point - how much harder would that be if I were still regularly drinking?!
----------immediate responses--------

That's  awesome mate I actually have a head cold today and it's the first time I have genuinely been sick in 6 years and through my own fault  I have made myself very sick in those 6 years withdrawals hangovers alcohol poisoning regular morning vomits in and out of hospital you know what I mean.   It's bittersweet! 
I can totally relate to this thanks for posting!
I loved doc visits after getting sober. I was excited! And yes the doc thought that was great but I really expected something more like a lollipop or a sticker or something. *Come on doc I'm SOBER now! How awesome is that??* 
Oh man yes! I used to be so nervous and anxious and I'd lie lie lie about my drinking...
The weight loss was probably the biggest part. My doctor walks in and goes "did you seriously lose 40lbs since the last time i saw you? you look awesome" ..Man that made me feel good. 
My standard (lie) was always 21 drinks. "Honest" enough to clue them in if there was an alcohol related issue starting or happening small enough for me to backtrack if shit got real..Now I'm just honest and don't dread being weighed!..congrats!
