-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j6q9z/testing_moderation/

I debated about whether I should share my decision to try alcohol again.  Please do not read this if thoughts of moderation are a trigger for you.  I know that many on this sub are strictly against ever drinking again.  I understand.  Alcohol can be very dangerous.  I don't intend to drink daily or even on a certain schedule.  I suppose if I feel liking having a drink I will and if not I won't.  Originally in this journey I decided to take a 30 day break from alcohol.  I ended up with over 100 days sober.  Last Sunday on Mothers day I had 1 beer on the sandbar.  I enjoyed the beer sitting in the water relaxing.  I ate lunch then didn't drink another. I didn't have any desire to have another.  Yesterday was mine and my husband's anniversary.  I made me 2 small homemade margaritas and sipped on them while in the yard with my family.  Those did give me a slight feeling of my body getting very relaxed.  I didn't get intoxicated.  I do see that alcohol can make me tired though so I won't drink often.  There are many positive benefits to taking breaks from alcohol.  I know my sleep and energy have greatly benefited.  I know the habit of having a drink or two each day was broken. I don't leave work thinking about drinking daily.  I could be making a mistake but I really feel that I can easily have 1 or 2 drinks and stop.  (I will not do this daily of course)  I wonder if there are others on this sub that drink a small amount after a break.  I do not consider this a relapse.  I made a discussion to reintroduce small amounts of alcohol to see if social drinking was an option for me.  If I feel like I can not handle this I will go back to complete abstinence.  I was never physical dependant on alcohol or had any withdrawal symptoms.  I also do not recommend this for others. Everyone is different and should make their own decision.  If alcohol has caused serious consequences in your life drinking is probably not an option for a happy or healthy life. I wish everyone the best.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck. Sounds like you cracked the code.
In these situations I recommend that you use the search bar and look up the word "moderation" and see other peoples experiences. I'll admit that there is huge selection bias; presumably the people who moderate successfully don't come back and if that's the case congratulations to them. However I'd also bet that tons of people start drinking again accelerate and decline rapidly and don't back at all ever. If I could drink in moderation I never would have quit completely. ..Best of luck to you and drop by down the road to let us know how things are working out.
I tried this after 60 days sober. Worked for a couple weeks then a couple weeks of drinking almost everyday again. 
I also have been considering moderation but a post the other day about binge drinking really hit home. I am (was) a binge drinker. I could go for days without drinking but on the days I drank it was always at least 3. For me a woman of small stature this is considered too much (according to doctors etc.)..Reading about your moderation if it's working for you then it's working (duh sorry not very articulate this morning!). For me it's like playing "red rover" near the cliff's edge. I can keep testing the barrier but IF I break through then it's over the edge. It's a risk I just don't want to take...Moderation can be a bit of a hot topic here. I think it's because the line is so blurred and it's so easy to fall into bad habits. Good luck!..
I have a freind who was drinking way too much when we were in our forties. He decided to cut back and for the last decade he has been successful...I think it all depends on your personality...As someone else said on this board you will get a strong self-selection bias. Probably 90% will say moderation does not work for them. Nothing wrong with that - they are giving their honest experience.
I moderate as well. Everybody is different and has their own limitations. I know mine well. ..I do *not* drink alone at all. That is when I am at my weakest so I remove myself from temptation completely...The most I will allow myself is one drink per day. No cheating. One 12oz beer not two not a 24oz beer. I find that when I have two I start to want more with one I don't get that same feeling...If you feel comfortable with drinking two and are confident it is not habitual then go for it. Just remember if you start having more than two or two drinks three days in a row you're getting into dangerous territory. If you're going with two drinks try to keep it to twice a week or less I'd say...I'm like you if I relapse I'm just going to stop altogether.
I moderate and have so for about 2 1/2 years...I think there are a few things that will help some people with moderation.  I accept the fact that it's not for everyone but for those who do there are some things to consider...1) Healthy boundaries with alcohol.  I talk about rules or my "box" with respect to alcohol but really you want to set up healthy boundaries regarding alcohol.  For me I never drink when mad or sad never drink alone only drink at home and only drink wine and champagne.  I have these boundaries because I know my drinking history I know what my triggers are and I know that those boundaries will help me prevent a relapse...2) Have a safety plan.  You want to have something in place in order to help you prevent yourself from violating your boundaries.  Think of it as an "In Case of Emergency" toolkit meaning it will help you when those cravings are really powerful.  For me I do some mindfulness distract myself remove myself from the situation temporarily and finally remove myself from the situation permanently...3) Keep working on it.  This isn't an endpoint but merely a point of interest on your journey in recovery.  Take every opportunity to deepen your recovery learning more about yourself and living a fulfilling life.
I hope all the best for you!  All the successes you want!
Moderate drinking sounds like a million times worse than 100% sober.
Interesting. You recently posted this:..&gt;I couldn't even drink a half a light beer. I swear the few sips I took started to give me a headache. I'm not saying I'm cured but I know I will never desire another beer...Are you not concerned that you went from "never desiring another beer" to this?
