-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j6sol/hi_sd_i_am_so_proud_and_excited_to_be_here_to/

Holy hell this is wonderful. I can't believe I've gotten to 60 days without one drink of alcohol. I have only done this one other time as an adult. I am all smiles today...I have gotten here by taking things one day at a time by attending AA meetings (of both the regular and  free thinker  variety) by listening to podcasts like the bubble hour AA Agnostica/AA Beyond Belief AA talks on youtube and of course posting here at SD...I enjoy hearing stories from anyone and everyone about what things were like what happened and what things are like now that you are sober. There's something special about the fact that you all are regular people in a community of your fellows talking about how you changed your lives. I feel like I will never be one of your success stories but then again here I am at 60 days. It's a weird juxtaposition...I am incredibly fortunate that the obsession to drink has left me alone for the most part (knock on wood). This time when I quit I was so exhausted by the toll alcohol has taken on me that I feel pretty sure there are no more benefits alcohol can bring to my life. I hope I can keep that fact in my mind as I go along...Since I have quit my clothes fit better my stomach aches have stopped and my blood pressure is down. All in only two months! Whoa...I am still pretty stubborn about some things. I don't want to do any AA steps and I don't believe in god. I am not open minded about the god thing but I am also here for the purpose of getting sober so I have hope that I will be able to figure that out as I go along...A few of the things I am currently struggling with:..Next week I am going in for surgery on my foot which may be followed a few weeks later by surgery on the other foot. I will be taking painkillers but as prescribed by my doctor and only until the pain becomes manageable. I am a bit terrified by the anesthetic but I don't want to be anything other than fully present in the world so I hope and believe the pain medication will not get a hold of me. Alcohol has always been my primary addiction and I am comforted that I don't have to drink and this is for medical purposes only. ..Since I have gotten sober my dad has gone through hospitalization and detox but he still doesn't want to join any recovery communities. I am glad he is sober for now but I have to take care not to worry about his decisions regarding alcohol and concentrate on mine. ..My partner still drinks the craft beers I used to love and the cans stack up on his side of the bed. At this point I am hardly interested in consuming any of that and stick to diet dr pepper but people tell me this can be a dangerous situation. I don't want to ask him to stop drinking at home because I feel like if that's a decision he wants to make he will have to decide it on his own. He does realize I am happier sober and supports me in my journey although sometimes I think he would like it if I would drink with him sometimes...Despite these struggles the blackness and suicidal thoughts have passed for the most part. I can sometimes even bring myself to look in the mirror at my 34 year old self. ..Sobriety is awesome. Thank you SD for helping me to it! .
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! We are virtually sobertwins so good on us! ..Hopefully your dad will be okay but it sounds like you are handling this well. You can only do what you can do right? ..So glad for you to be in a good place!
Good job!
Oh shit I just realized it's 60 for me too. Happy birthday to both of us
Yeah you!
As odd as it may be to feel pride in a total stranger's actions I am proud of you. 60 days is no easy feat for an alcoholic. In fifteen years of daily black-out drinking I've only reached 60 days on three occasions. As of now I'm on day 17. ..I won't be drinking today and neither will you. I won't be drinking this entire weekend and neither will you. I won't be drinking this upcoming workweek and neither will you. That means something.
Great job! You are doing fantastic.  It's hard when you quit drinking and ur partner doesn't.  My husband continued to drink when I quit.  Made me upset at first like I wasn't getting the support I needed. But it's my thing my problem..Sobriety is awesome!  Stay strong!
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you :)
