-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j7fa6/when_youre_trying_to_quit_drinking_and_your_md/

Ummmm yeah.... that did not work out.  In fact I'm lucky I'm not dead and that nobody else is.  ..First of all when my MD prescribed Ambien when I told him I am struggling to stop drinking I know I *should* have said no (you know a controlled substance replacement addiction etc).  But he is my doctor so I went with it.  ..Well about two days into taking it I discovered it had some slightly euphoric side effects.  Perfect!  I've found a doctor prescribed alternative provides kind of a "high" no calories a simple sleep medication.  I mean what could go wrong??..Well the answer is **FUCKING EVERYTHING**...It didn't take long but I was bumping up my dose from 10mg to around 12.5mg.  I'd wake up to find I had done some odd things I don't recall such as "cooking" partial dishes or texting people bizarre messages.  I knew this was an obvious warning sign... but... I don't know... I really don't know... but I kept taking it.  The behavior got weirder and soon I would wake up to find that I had taken additional pills at some point.  I tried to put rules in place for myself such as not taking the medication until I was actually in bed hiding my phone from myself placing all kinds of weird notes around the house not to leave my condo...Like trying to control drinking it just didn't seem to work (no idea how I thought it would but whatever)...Point is - it came to a breaking point when I woke up at my friend's house with no recollection of how I arrived.  It only became more scary when I stepped out his front door to find my car parked oddly in his driveway with a half finished bottle Makers Mark.  I also had groceries which I don't recall buying. Oh and my phone was lost...You guys - I fucking drove there.  With NO recollection.  And this isn't like a drunken blackout where you might have weird moments of blurred recall this is no semblance of memory what-so-ever.  And according to my dear friend who was both horrified and genuinely concerned I could hardly walk...There's the shame and self-loathing of a drunken hangover and then there is this.  This is a whole new circle of hell.  This is being utterly scared to death of the "person" you became.  This is not "Ugghhh... I am such a gross piece of shit" this is "I am *literally* a danger to the public."..At the root of the problem is me.  Nobody forced me to take any medication.  Ultimately I have to learn to live without altering my consciousness with external substances.  But for now:..1) Please let this be a warning to those who have been told that the Z-drug class is safe...2) Just like the opioid based pain medication epidemic that swept through the nation I'm not sure how shit like this gets so liberally prescribed.  ..Thank you for reading...
----------immediate responses--------

This is really terrifying. I am glad you are okay and find an alternative sleep aid that isn't such a radical mind altering substance. I take melatonin but I know it doesn't work for everyone...Glad to see you here and taking care of yourself. Best of luck.
I got hooked on Lunesta after getting a prescription and coupon that covered co-pay.  It was    hellweaning off. Funny thing is the say it is not addictive but may be habit forming... Great marketing...
I stay away from all addictive medications. I don't see doctors that often but I believe they are over prescribing these to their patients. I'm not sure if the drug companies are giving them a pat on the back for it or what the motivation is behind it. They are doctors and they should understand that addictive medications are incredibly dangerous to people especially recovering alcoholics or those who are addicted to other drugs. 
WOW. That is terrifying! I'm glad you are okay and you had this realization. 
I have heard this story many times and Ambien has some very weird side effects as have just been stated. Doctors for the most part have no clue and alcoholism and drug addiction. It is up to me to let my health care provider know and there are plenty of safe medications out there to help with sleep and not cause you to wake up at the 7-11.
Interesting...I have found out that out of everyone I know including my doctors I know my body best with that in mind it is up to me to find out what they want to prescribe me...A year ago I had a really bad accident at work which led to surgeries and a lot of physical therapy and rehab for my injury.  It also led to a lot of medication for pain and healing.  I guess it is fortunate that a long time ago when I was 8 months sober I went through an even more serious accident the kept me in hospital and bed for almost a year.   So armed with this knowledge I know what to ask what to discuss with the doctors and what happens to me as a recovered alcoholic and dope fiend...I always have to remember just because something is bad for me it may not be for everyone else and vice versa.   I also remember that I can abuse anything medication alcohol relationships the interwebs anything at all.   ..For me the daily personal inventory keeps me focused on what I have to do for me to live sober today...Good luck on going forward it is probably a learning experience for you...
2) most people don't have extreme reactions and insomnia is common and really bad for people. :)
I tried to kill myself during an ambien-booze bender. Before that I had blacked out numerous times and done a lot of the same things you listed. I even tried to leave reminders hide the phone not take it too early.....I have two sobriety counters on my phone. One is for alcohol (the night of the suicide attempt) and one for ambien (... several months after the first date :( )
While many people can take prescription medication with absolutely no problems I am not one of them. I have the addictive mentality that if one is good two will be better. ..What helped me was being honest with my doctor after I abused a drug. This helped him in future medication prescriptions. I also found that being honest and open with my pharmacist was helpful too. ..I'm on a medication that has the possibility of abuse. My doctor and I had to weigh these options the possibility of abuse vs seemingly untreatable insomnia that was wreaking havoc on my life. So I struggle with this medication every day putting checks and balances in place with my doctor and pharmacist to ensure I can't abuse it. My prescription does not allow me to refill even a day early. And I only pick up one week at a time which is a pain in the ass but needed...I am not sure if being on this prescription is the right idea but right now I am following treatment rules and being open and honest with all of my Health Care Professionals. I'm still working on a non addictive sleep treatment but I have tried everything out there and nothing works. This is been a problem since childhood long before my alcoholism...Thank you for your words of warning and giving me the opportunity to reflect on my own struggles. One day at a time.
Ambien/Lunesta/ all those prescription strength sleep meds terrify me. I'll never take them because I've heard too many stories like the OP's...I am not a doctor but it also seems kind of irresponsible on the part of your doc to prescribe you abusable prescription meds knowing that you're having a substance abuse problem.
Ambien is bad news.  My girlfriend woke up in jail in her PJ's.  I am so glad you are alive and didn't injure anyone.  Just say no to that medication!  I also abused it in my past.  It fucks with you bad.
[deleted]
I haven't tried Ambien in many years (I use cannabis edibles for sleep now and I'm not sorry... keeps me from craving booze and isn't destroying my body) but I had some really similar experiences. ..I started waking up with bruises all over my legs. Then found evidence of texts and weird online activity I couldn't remember. I don't think I ever drove but I did end up down the block on foot once. Then one morning I woke up with a broken pinkie toe. I was in my bed but my toe was definitely broken. I managed to break an actual bone without any memory or apparent alarm at the time. Stopped with the Ambien then and unfortunately started drinking harder to get to sleep. That was about 10 years ago though. 
My roommate used to take Ambien and fire up the kitchen full blast and then go back to sleep leaving a huge multi-course meal cooking. And by the time the alarms started going off and I'd wake up and go turn everything off it would all be ruined. So I never even got a nice meal out of it!
Yeah if you're in recovery or not still be careful with hypnotics. I tried them when I was living alone. Up until then I had been using alcohol to treat my insomnia and I thought they were great. They didn't scratch the drinking itch at all but at least I could sleep and I didn't have a hangover in the morning. Also that hallucinations as I was going to sleep were kind of fun...I didn't know anything was wrong until a month later when I went to do the homework I had put off for the last month only to find it already complete with timestamps during times when I was asleep...There are people that are fine on it like my father but some people like me or my friend's cousin who drove off a cliff while on it and was killed it's a very dangerous drug...Since then I've tried trazodone which works alright but leaves me with a hangover in the morning and mirtazapine which I'm on now and it helps me sleep but isn't sleep on demand like some of the other meds. Both are better than self medicating with alcohol.
You could at least partially (or fully) blame the Ambien. I had a friend who took two accidentally before work thinking they were his BP or cholesterol meds. Long story short among other things he bought a car that day and had no memory of doing so. That stuff should be banned.
[removed]
You're lucky. A family member tried to kill themself while on Ambien..
MD prescribed Ambien as treatment for alcoholism?  Time to change docs.  I'm pretty sure that's not a labelled indication.  There are however some pretty effective treatments to stop drinking.  I had to find a professional experienced in the field of addiction to get on the right path.  Good for you for wanting to stop.  Best wishes for a successful recovery.
[removed]
I have terrible insomnia. Try valerian root ( I do the drops as opposed to pills ) nightly with some sleepy time tea. I know it sounds mild at least it did to me a person who had to drink two bottles of wine to knock myself out just to wake up at 3 am every night with the start of a hangover : but a weird thing happened - I sleep a million times better without the booze. My valerian could even be a placebo at this point I think? But it's been a life svaer. 
Just pasting from Wikipedia:.."alcoholics or recovering alcoholics may be at increased risk of physical dependency on zolpidem. Also alcoholics and drug abusers may be at increased risk of abusing and or becoming psychologically dependent on zolpidem. It should be avoided in those with a history of alcoholism drug misuse physical dependency or psychological dependency on sedative-hypnotic drugs.".."In February 2008 the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration attached a boxed warning to zolpidem stating that "Zolpidem may be associated with potentially dangerous complex sleep-related behaviors that may include sleep walking sleep driving and other bizarre behaviours. Zolpidem is not to be taken with alcoholic beverages. Caution is needed with other CNS-depressant drugs. Limit use to four weeks maximum under close medical supervision." This report received widespread media coverage after the death of Australian student Mairead Costigan who fell 20 m from the Sydney Harbour Bridge while under the influence of Stilnox."
I have severe insomnia and I'm scared of this happening to me. My doctor hasn't prescribed Ambien yet but who knows if he will in the future. I am now immune to Benadryl trazodone makes me piss myself and nod off at work and hydroxyzine didn't work. I am desperate and I know something harder is the next step but I am terrified of doing things I don't remember again. I did plenty of that while I was drinking and I'm in no hurry to go back.
I'm confused at this doctor why would he prescribe you ambien unless you didn't tell him about drinking?
Ack!..Ambien pain meds and booze separate or in combinations are a big part of my story...and it was quite a messy downward spiral for me...When I first quit drinking I needed to get honest with all of my medical providers including my therapist my psychiatrist and my general health practitioner. I needed to let them know all of the medications I had been abusing and that I should not be issued prescriptions for sleeping pills or narcotics. ..Thank you for sharing your experience...
