-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j8uxc/ive_started_refusing_alcohol_in_my_dreams/

One thing I was relieved to discover when I found this sub was that other people were struggling with drinking dreams. This was really tough for me when I first started out on this latest (and most successful) round of quitting because it seemed like I was constantly dreaming about a nice cold beer or a glass of fine whiskey...The dreams did slow down after the first couple months but I kept having them and it kept bothering me until this week...Earlier this week I had a dream where someone offered me a beer and I said "No thanks I don't drink." It was an awesome feeling. Then last night it happened again!..This might seem dumb but I feel like this represents an important step for me. I am a vivid dreamer and I remember my dreams almost every night so I can't help but attach some sort of significance to my dreams and how they might reflect my mental state...I feel like this is truly a positive step towards truly being free of alcohol. Not drinking today and I'm not drinking tonight in my dreams either!
----------immediate responses--------

It's not dumb at all. It's actually pretty incredible to me considering last night I had a dream involving carrying around a pack of cigarettes and I haven't smoked in years...It sounds like your subconscious mind is getting the message and that's inspiring.
I've have these as well. They are simulating the experience of losing sobriety. If the feeling is awful feeling of losing sobriety in a dream then it will be one more reason to stay sober in waking life. The dream in this case supports ongoing intentions and efforts to stay sober. I won't drink with you today.
I had a similar experience when I lost weight. For years I was still fat in my dreams every single time that only stopped last year 5 years my subconscious wouldn't let me enjoy myself. I know it's fear that does it but five years was 20% of my life by the time it stopped.
That's happened to me. I took as a good sign the first time -- it felt as if my sobriety had gone deep as it were to the subliminal levels of my unconscious. I'm not a psychologist so I don't know but it can't be a *bad* sign can it?
