-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jbl98/question_for_the_folks_who_relapsed/

What goes through your mind in that moment when you are picking up that first drink? Also what is the immediate feeling after taking that first sip?..I haven't relapsed but I've seen a lot of badge resets lately. I think a little insight into those moments leading up to and immediately after that first sip might help those of us who encounter a similar situation. ..You guys rock for coming back! Thanks for contributing and being a part of this awesome community. 
----------immediate responses--------

To answer your first question: "fuck it all"...To your second: "fuck I did it again".
"I just don't care. Make it all go away."      .."Wait. I do care or else this wouldn't feel so wrong and regretful."
First relapse I felt uncomfortable &amp; did not like the way I felt. .Second time I drank very moderately until I didn't. I hated the guilt..Hubria is correct- fuck it was in my brain. I wanted to "see" if I could drink like everyone else- even though I knew thatI couldn't. Sobriety is hard- it's rewarding but very hard work. I am back again &amp; need to stay focused on the fact that I like myself so much better when alcohol is not in my life. Stay strong!
I was out of town at a convention with friends. I was offered a drink and accepted...Thoughts? "I just want to feel better. Like a *normal* person." Whatever normal is right?...After the first sip felt pretty good but underneath there was a niggling sense of failure. The next day overwhelming guilt because I knew I couldn't honestly tell my husband that I'd been sober for over a year. Not anymore. I was a dry drunk--no alcohol but no recovery program to help me. I spent the rest of those four days drinking every night with associates. I embarrassed myself more than once :(..Failure was commonplace for me but disappointing others made me feel terrible even if they were unaware at the time...I'm grateful that I don't have to lie anymore or cover up sneaking around. It's such a relief. Remembering that time helps me stay focused on all the positive things I've gained in recovery...Thank you for starting this thread!..
I would build-up to drink usually feeling "deprived" and getting a bad case of the fuckits. After the first sip sort of a "Welp here we go again" feeling. Not even worth it not once except for being learning experiences.
