-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jiavy/jails_institutions_or_death_reflection_and_a_bit/

I haven't been able to do that well with commitment to 12 step programs. I don't know if it's the higher power aspect that I can't buy into or social anxiety of the meetings themselves...I struggle with alcohol. When I was 18 I learned that it took all my anxiety away and made lonely nights playing Warcraft 3 and later WoW into my own little parties. For $6 (at the time) I could guarantee a reliable "fun" night...I didn't think it was that insidious. I still managed to obtain a degree at 24 and had begun a good career in hotel management. At 25 i had still never bothered with a girlfriend but I had friends and seemed content with my solo drinking that I just continued. About 150-200 times a year I would binge drink to intoxication alone while playing games or watching movies (later Netflix)..Around 27 I had my first bout with depression. Starting to feel unhappy with a dead end in my career I continued to drink more and more outside of work. October 2014 age 30 I had to resign from my 10 year career with the hotel company due to showing up for work intoxicated too many times. They gave me more chances then they should have...Several months later...I had not bothered with a job search instead burning through my RRSP (similar to 401k in US). March 2015 I decided to drive after having several beer at a restaurant went though a stop sign that a police cruiser was watching and was charged with a DUI...Going to fast forward...was able to negotiate no criminal record but 2 years' probation for the DUI. Sold my car and moved to a smaller town. Drank off and on until November. 21st...slashed my arms up and just wouldn't die...although there was a lot of blood. A neighbour called 911 from my random yelling and I spent a week in a psych ward...With a 7 day head start into sobriety managed to really focus and got an accounting job with a local medium sized family business. It is going extremely well to this day. I drank off an on until April when I had too much passed out on a sidewalk in town and was found by the police...Am not supposed to touch alcohol from my probation and Am now charged with probation violation with promise to appear in court. ..I really want the insanity of it all to end and have not drank since that day 20 days ago on the sidewalk. The quote in my title is from NA but I believe it applies to all addicts. If I stop drinking I will learn how to have normal relationships and hobbies again and flourish in this new career...If I choose to continue to drink I'm playing Russian roulette and the spin is eventually going to end with more problems with the criminal justice system loss of financial security sanity and maybe life. It used to be pretty innocent having some drinks and playing Warcraft 3 alone. But things Are pretty fucking serious now. I Cannot drink. That needs to somehow change because I keep convincing myself that I Can drink and just have to be more careful...Sorry for typos and rambling...typing from tablet on porch. Sun is shining And despite the probation breach I'll have to deal with things are going really well today and the last couple of weeks...Currently back in touch with addictions counsellor social worker and have been going to a weekly meeting at the hospital. I also have started taking Antabuse to help get a good head start into sobriety again. ..The drinking needs to stop. Even without the job loss or criminal justice issues...by just drinking and isolating I'm never going to develop anything as a human being. I'm 32 and have never been in a serious relationship nor do I have any close friends as I ignored them all to drink alone.  Going to work on changing both of those things. But need to be sober for it...I hope you all have a good night and if anyone read the whole thing thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good work my friend.  My friend /u/somuch2learn says "many paths one journey."  So I'm glad you're part of our journey.  Keep doing what works for you.
Read it all. I won't drink with you today. I'm 66 and still trying to quit. I would advise against waiting this long. Health problems magnify. Good wishes. 
Sounds like you've figured out the pattern and don't wish to die...Good luck I'll also not drink with you. 
Read it all great share...Kind of reminds me of another quote here around r/sd "I can have all these great things sober or I can drink; I can't have both" Sounds like you are taking the steps to go back in the right direction. Best wishes.
I think really focusing on what you said - the drinking has to stop -  and truly coming to accept that you are finished as a drinker and it is a proven fact that you cannot both drink and have a life - that is key. Then really wanting to get better and believing that you can...The counselor sounds like a good idea. I myself did not practice 12-step recovery or AA. But SOME kind of real life support system helps so much. I had a good friend who also chose to deal with his alcoholism by abstaining from drinking right after I did for example. .Someone I could talk with who understood what it was like when it seemed so hard. ..Here is an interesting way to think of it: many millions of people have stopped drinking and found greatly better lives many of them outside of a program and there is no logical reason why you too cannot succeed. 
I know it is a terrible situation for you right now but things seem like they are heading in the right direction.  I hope we can both progress into becoming better people.  I have started AA recently and don't regret it.  It is not what I expected. It is teaching me to become a better person.  I thought I was already a "better person" but realize I have a long way to go.  Best Wishes!
Glad you're here.  Echo "many paths one journey."  ..While we're all in different places and different lives our journey has five recognizable milestones.  FOR EVERYONE.  ..Intoxicated..Incapacitated..Incarcerated..Institutionalized..Interred..Do you have a plan?.
&gt;If I choose to continue to drink I'm playing Russian roulette ..That's a very succinct way of putting what I've said over and over in my own posts for the last 10 months.  I've had a warning of the consequences and need to remind myself that there's no wiggle room here.  Thanks for posting!
