-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jlvqe/i_cant_do_this_on_my_own/

I keep relapsing. Spent the weekend trashed. Woke up today thinking it was Sunday. I have no recollection of Sunday. Had to call in to work. Right now I am sitting in the parking lot of our local addiction Center waiting for my 12:30 appointment. I don't know why but I feel scared. I feel embarrassed going for treatment. Can't be anymore embarassing than my behavior while drunk. How about losing a whole day? I have got to do something different since trying to quit on my own has not worked. Wish me luck...
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck man! None of us can do this alone. I'm rooting for you! 
good luck man. Try not to be to hard on yourself. what is done is done. Seeking treatment and help are good things.
You can do this. Start today and take it one day at a time. Everything you wrote is vindication for this choice you are making. Write it down and stick it on your wall or fridge and read it whenever you get an urge.
Good for you that you are willing to do something different to get what you want! You are waiting for your appointment another good thing. You are remorseful- a powerful reason to change so that means you are motivated. ..I understand that you feel scared and embarrassed. I have been scared and embarrassed as well. I have lost time and worried about my behavior. Why do we do this to ourselves? I guess that's why we're looking for answers. And changes...Good luck! Come back and let us know how it goes.
Good luck!  I did whatever it took to stop for good.
Adding layers of tools and support can only help. Best of luck and i wish you well.
Pride is a more appropriate feeling for seeking treatment when you know you have a an alcohol abuse problem...Hope is a feeling you can cling to when realizing you are no longer in control of your drinking behavior...Relief is a feeling so many of us have had when we finally asked for help and were able to share our problem with others who offered education support and safe haven...Good luck to you. If from the very first appointment you make achieving and maintaining your sobriety your top priority in your life relapse becomes far less likely. 
It took a long time of me being sick and tired of being tired and sick until I finally through in the towel. It was a defeat that took me a long time to accept and once I did alcohol no longer had the power over me that it once did. For me the hrad work began after I got out of treatment.
You just went through today what I went through last weekend. Losing an entire day is quite frightening. You shouldn't feel embarrassed reaching out for help. Like /u/_snowman said none of us can do this alone. It's why we're here in the first place. Good luck and keep us posted.
Going to treatment was scary and embarrassing for me too but looking back it was the best thing I could have done for myself. You can do this.
You are so courageous for facing this issue. The strength of character that takes should not be minimized. You're doing a very wise and responsible thing and that reveals just how good of a person you are behind all the messiness of the drink! 
[removed]
Congrats on making changes!.I hope that you'll post frequently as I'd love to hear updates from you! I'm considering starting therapy and I'm curious how you take to it.
Try going to a meeting share your current situation out loud. Many people have been where you're at the support you get from another recovering alcoholic(s) may surprise you...
