-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jmews/i_just_want_you_guys_to_know/

Yesterday was my 6 month sober anniversary. I may not be on this sub as much as I was in the very beginning but I honestly owe so much to the people here! ..When I first posted I was struggling at 48 hours. The amount of support I received kept me going. I have made great friends that I talk to daily irl and formed a support system that works for me. ..I'm down 40 pounds off my acid reflux meds and my blood pressure is normal so my doctor just took me off that med too. ..Getting sober is so worth the fight. If I can get to 6 months when I hadn't even gone 12 hours in years anyone can. Sober on you sober bastards!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey J Melina! ..So glad to hear you're still kicking butt! I knew you would!
That is too notch progress. Glad to hear it's all going well. Keep it up!
Great job!
Awesome!!!
That's awesome! High Five!
Congratulations !!
Thanks for posting-I'm hoping for the re flux and the BP normalcy also. Congrats.
Keep it up!
Congrats and thanks for posting! I feel the same way friend :)
Nice work! Very happy for you! 
Yeeesss!! Absolutely fantastic news!! It's so great to hear this today!! I'm so pleased for you jmelina!! Congratulations keep up the awesome work hugs and high fives  
amazing! well done. An inspiration for me...I was telling a friend last night about this sub and among other things how often people will post about making it to 6 months and how the idea of me 6 months sober is unfathomable and scary. I've been drunk since I was 18 I'm now 41. I don't even know what a sober me would be like! At least when I'm drinking I know what to expect even if all of it is awful.
[deleted]
Woot!!!!
I am so happy for you!
Good for you!
So good to know you've hit the mark! As usual I'm right behind you so ditto to all you've said! Congrats!
Awesome and great side benefits!
I needed to hear this today  thanks. 
Congrats on your milestone. May I ask how long you were on the acid reflux meds after you stopped drinking? I'm new to sobriety and am hoping to heal a 3 year old ulcer. Thanks and again Congratulations! Keep it up! 
Congratulations! The first 6 months are a gift. 
