-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jmhqc/im_having_a_hard_time_im_struggling/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear all that /u/Surfcasper. Just remember drinking never makes anything better - especially during times of difficulty...Stay strong now and come out the other side stronger...~DG
[removed]
Sorry for your losses - what kind of support do you have?  Any sober folks to help?
[removed]
Remember that how you are feeling is normal considering the factors presently at play in your life. These depressive experiences are how one typically reacts to painful or sad events. What's great is you are feeling them rather than numbing them or covering them up with temporary relief from a substance. The more directly in touch you are with your emotions the more effectively you can grieve and develop personally. Just coming here to share is a great step in its own right!
I am sorry for all the losses you are facing. When I felt like you do I went to a support group meeting with people who could understand. I also had a chat with my doctor about depression. Hang on. 
[deleted]
Sorry to hear about these struggles.  I have compassion for you...You've built a solid foundation of sobriety; Congratulations!..When it seems that things are not going as I wish they would when it's closing in on me I envision someone sailing out in the ocean with the seas running swells sweeping over the gunnels sail boat rising and falling and I remember:  "I can't change the wind but I can trim my sails."  ..I call my support network I put on my life jacket and I ride it out knowing that the sun will break out of the clouds.........    However it's sometimes hard when the waves crash!..We're here.  It will pass.  Carry on!!..Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.
I'm so sorry you are going through all of these struggles. With over a year sober I'm sure you know that drinking will not make any of this easier to handle. Just don't drink today. I won't drink with you.
A very old lady with a couple of dogs once told me "when your dog dies get another very soon." I'm on my 5th dog now and she is 13 so I already have been looking around for a new life traveler. Last time I went one day before getting a puppy. Makes that part of life alright again even better really. Good wishes. Congrats on your achievement of 438. Impressive.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your father. And now you have to say goodbye to your dog and possibly your fiance. That's pretty heavy stuff. It's tough to deal with stress and grief and now we don't have our alcoholic crutch...Hang in there it is difficult I know but dealing without drinking is a victory right? Sending positive thoughts your way.
Everyone. Thanks for the kind words and support. I will not drink today. Thanks again all of you. 
we are here for you always and we believe that you can do this 438 days already - an inspiration for me! You are the best and you know it don't give up..love you man be strong
Shit I thought I was having a rough day. That sounds awful I'm sorry you have to deal with all that right now. Drinking isn't going to make it any easier to deal with though even if it seems like it will at first. I know it's a cliche but sometimes cliches get that way for a reason. It'll get better hang in there man.
That's a lot to deal with. A clear mind and the strength you have already shown by 438 days will undoubtedly help you through. We're here to help as much as possible! 
