-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jnd63/i_feel_like_im_going_to_slip_up/

It pains me to say this  but I feel a pull to drink growing stronger lately.  On Friday I thought about it most of the evening.  Of course  waking up Saturday bright and early and having a busy day was great.  Saturday night  same thing.  I miss wine  I miss that feeling.  I am getting frustrated  it's like my mind has been searching for any reason not to.  I'm trying to take this one day at a time  but I'm starting to feel a chink in my Armor. I labored through the first few weeks  it was extremely difficult to remain sober when I was bored out of my skull.  I need to spend more time reading these subs  or continue doing things that I enjoy.  Summer is creeping around the corner  it's hard right now.  I haven't made a plan to relapse but I feel this pull back to the bottle and it's scaring me.  ..Needed to get this off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

What you're describing I've heard referred to as BUD - Building Up to Drink. If you do it won't be a 'slip' in this case. I've done it many times and the fact that you recognize this thought process and are calling it out on here is great! Do you have a therapist or sober buddy you can talk to IRL to come up with a relapse prevention plan? That can be very helpful. Best wishes..
I did that last week. Today working on Day 3 I'm still paying the price. I said some awful things to 4 people I love dearly. Once again I thought I could moderate and make the bottle last...nope. I still feel like crap and exhausted. I won't drink with you today. 54 days looks good on you!
"Play the tape forward" What's the result of drinking? Maybe that helps put it in perspective.
&gt;I miss wine I miss that feeling. I am getting frustrated it's like my mind has been searching for any reason not to...Whenever I get that feeling I think very hard about what it must have been like for everyone around me during one of the many occasions that the booze turned me into an obnoxious asshole. We all have at least a couple of stories like that. Maybe it's because I was raised Catholic but I embrace the shame that my conduct so richly deserves. Did it suck to stroll through the streets of Budapest with my wife and see lots of happy people sipping wine in the sunshine on our recent honeymoon? Of course. But then I remember what a complete trainwreck my life had turned into. Had I not quit there is a very strong possibility that my wife wouldn't have stuck with me long enough for us to take a belated honeymoon in the first place. ..Don't give into the temptation. The only thing that will happen is that you'll end up back here in another six months or a year from now lamenting how bad of an idea giving in was. (Writing from experience on that one). The boredom will pass in time. If you're anything like me you'll spend the first few months getting to know yourself again. It sounds like such an adventure to seek out new interests and friendships in adulthood but it's actually really tedious and kind of sucks. It's a lot like being a teenager again. But things will smooth out in time. Stay strong and best of luck to you.
I have found the fellowship of AA to be a great help when there are weak periods in our recovery. No matter who use you use or how you find it a support system helps during good times and bad.
The last time I drank was a "just one night" bottle of wine. I had been sober a while. I felt so shitty for 4 days after and for what? Drinking one pitiful bottle of wine which didn't get me drunk and feeling a buzz for 2 or 3 hours. It wasn't worth it and then it was a lot harder to get back the same resolve about quitting that I'd felt before. Recently I'm feeling the pull again and I just have to tell myself "maybe tomorrow but not tonight". Which keeps me in good shape at least one more day. Thanks for sharing I hope you stay sober with me tonight!
I really can relate to that. It took me sometime to break some habits...When I read it "I miss wine" on your text made me think the same. ..I used to have some alone time with wine and music. ..Now I have the music here - Some good ol Tom Waits but instead of wine I am here reading about you and others. It's good make me feel good. ..I will remember all the songs of the album and all the posts from you and others tomorow. ..I will not drink with you tonight..Cheers
I'm 65 days sober today and every time I get the feelings you're describing I try to remind myself that I don't like the person I was when I drank. I didn't like her then I don't like her now and I will not be her again today. Not drinking with you tonight. 
What's a reason you stopped drinking?
[deleted]
