-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jseze/good_news_from_the_doc_today/

**Which you can't get unless you GO!**..I've been a heavy drinker for about eight years starting in college (I'm currently 26 years old). I probably realized that I wasn't a normal drinker about two years ago and since then have wrestled with occasional bouts of guilt and concern regarding my behavior and use of the drug. I drink alone despite having two roommates because I naturally assume they won't have any interest in drinking during the week and might judge me for making the suggestion. For these reasons I often wait for them to go to sleep and then drink by myself and watch TV or whatever until I lug myself to bed or pass out on the couch. .Anyway about five weeks ago I woke up after another night of heavy drinking with a dull aching discomfort under my right rib cage. The pain wasn't debilitating by any means and it wasn't something that was distracting or painful throughout the course of the day but there was an acute point tenderness in the area that would respond to any pressure that I applied to it. Publicly I downplayed it. I had been taking a lot of swings in the batting cage prior to that and figured I strained a muscle. Privately I freaked out. I beat myself up I looked for worst case scenarios on the internet because I knew they were out there. I googled symptoms I searched this sub for people with stories who felt similar pains. What I didn't do was go to a Doctor. *I don't recommend any of this*..I stopped drinking for a week and decided it was time to see the doctor. I was afraid of what I would find out but knew that it was the best thing I could do for myself. Life isn't worth living in fear and if I had damaged myself avoiding the doctor wasn't going to help. I was honest with her explained my abdominal discomfort and even volunteered an honest assessment of my drinking. She examined me and reassured me that my pain probably was muscular. Two weeks later I received a call from the doc asking to come back and discuss my results. Turns out my cholesterol was dangerously high my blood pressure is in the hypertension stages and my liver is showing fatty blood (I may have fudged the description.) All of this is unusual for a young person like myself who is otherwise in good shape and athletic. She recommended a sonogram to check the size of my liver and requested additional blood tests. Just like that I was back to fearing the worst and wallowing in self-loathing. It was really pathetic. ..Long story short(ened) I received a call today. They tested for Hepatitis in addition to everything else and I returned all normal results. My enzymes were lower and closer to normal range and everything else they tested came back normal as well. ..I'm not posting to celebrate or open the door to a return to drinking- quite the opposite. While it's amazing the way the body can recover despite the damage we inflict upon it it remains terrifying that even at my age I've been able to fuck it up as much as I have. It sounds like my body will make a full recovery so long as I allow it to and I have no intention of doing anything else. I guess the reason I'm posting is because I'm sure that there is somebody else out there who might read this who can relate to some of what I had to share. My advice to that person who might be wondering about what kind of harm they've caused themselves is to go find out. Most insurance companies will cover one free physical a year which include blood tests. There was a moment while I was lying down on the counter giving blood for the second time in two weeks that I imagined myself having to do this several times a year for the rest of my life. I thought about the expenses the time lost the anxiety of waiting for results to come in.. and I just realized that it isn't worth it. I'm going to struggle with sobriety I'm sure and my accurate badge will indicate that I already have. But this is something that I want and I can't help but think how I would feel if the news were just a bit different today...Anyway best of luck to everybody and thank you for all that you do. I'll continue to lean on this community for support.  
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. It's important to share these kinds of events because many of us have gotten off scot-free after years of abusing our bodies and others haven't been as fortunate. ..Your post made me pause and remember when I had similar concerns--my tests all came back normal and I continued to drink (that was 2 years into my drinking career). Perhaps if I'd gotten some news that my drinking was affecting my health I would have sought help earlier. As it was my alcoholic mind rationalized and used any excuse to continue what I was doing. I am very grateful today that I didn't do any irreparable harm. Glad your issues have resolved. ..
That's wonderful!  Getting good news from the doctor when you've been worried about something is one of the best feelings in life.  I had a very similar situation a few months ago - pain in the liver area after years of drinking went to the doctor she was worried about hepatitis did a liver ultrasound and all the blood tests...and everything came back fine.  BUT.  I had already done all the Googling and my doctor confirmed that if I didn't stop it wouldn't be fine eventually.  I've been a daily drinker for almost 10 years and apparently that's long enough for some people to really mess up their bodies others it takes 15 years or even longer.  All I know is I don't want to find out my personal threshold.  I cut way back on drinking after that happened a few months ago but still had a little every night until this weekend.  ..Now I've quit again because I have a weird specific spot of pain in my throat when I swallow and I happen to have lately been reading a lot about esophageal cancer because my uncle was just diagnosed with that stage IV and I'm helping him with doctor appointments and stuff.  So of course I keep seeing all the stuff about how drinking dramatically increases your chances of esophageal cancer especially if you ever smoked which I did from age 17 to 36 so.  Yeah I think I'm done drinking for good this time.  Absolutely terrifying to think of the damage that I might have done just because I loved vodka so much...Thanks for posting this it is extremely good advice for everybody to just go get themselves checked out if they're worried.  Either the news will be a huge relief or they'll catch something earlier than they would otherwise and it'll be much more treatable and probably totally reversible in a lot of cases. Congratulations to you and best of luck.  Hang in there.  I'm not drinking with you today :) 
Great post!
Congratz! Good news from docs are great but on the heels of bad? Stellar!
Glad to hear all is well! That is what basically my doctor sorry was but I went back very often to check on blood work. Thank you for posting this I'm sure it'll help someone and I'm sure more people than just myself can relate
I'm also 26 years old and have become addicted after 8 years of drinking. I wonder how it happened but after it eventually becomes a weekend habit to a weekly habit to a daily habit and then consumes your thoughts every hour. I understand what you are going through and am glad your body is recovering!
Thanks for posting and congrats on 1 day! In view of the cholesterol BP etc. I urge you to stick with this. You will be absolutely amazed at how your health will improve quickly. I'm speaking from experience and I hope that you will be too soon :)
Before I gave up I splashed out on going to an international clinic (I live in Beijing they're expensive) and I was sure that I must have massive health problems. (I'm 42 and had been drinking a lot almost every night for most of the last 25 years)...I told the Dr my plans to quit and how much I drink and he seemed quite concerned. ..Anyway when the tests came back everything was normal apart from slightly higher-than-average blood pressure. He even wrote a follow-up email telling me about how surprised he was and to make sure to not let it put me off quitting...I think it helped me to double-down on my resolve to quit. ..Everyone is different.
