-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jul7s/cant_make_it_passed_a_month/

I cannot make it passed a month. I feel so lost. I have tried AA and it really isn't for me... I've been reading the bible and that does help somewhat. I'm in college and on summer break so the free time doesn't help. I would really appreciate advice. I'm just struggling :(.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really sorry to hear how hard you're struggling. I myself struggled for more than 10 years beginning when I was about your age. ..This time in sobriety I found this subreddit and it has been a savior for me. Especially early on I frequently posted here and read as much as I could and that helped immensely. ..I have heard as well that there are many alternatives to AA such as SMART and other groups (links in the right-hand column) which are great alternatives to AA. I myself don't go to AA although I have and I will again if I feel like I need some people to talk to (which is in my opinion the best part of AA; it's just a place you can go to speak with people who have been through what you've been through). ..The thing that helped me the most early on was accepting after trying to "moderate" and all sorts of other similar things that I simply cannot drink ever. Support groups such as SD and AA and many others are there to help you sort things out after making that commitment.
A month I have not been dry past a day in many years. My wife left 3 days ago. Today I joined here. I have to fucking quit. I have struggled for 35 years like this. Im 51. I am not religious but spiritual in many ways. Deism as a thought process has helped me understand the world. I do not care for groups of people. I am successful in business and yet drink beer all afternoon and evening till I pass out. Not today its time for me to stop. Perhaps she will return. If not I still am done with this crap..Your young do it now and save your self years of issues. I wish I did. Good luck you can make a change. I have seen lots of advice on here. I never thought I would be here at 10pm. Sober.
Involve yourself with church more (sunday isn't enough) and volunteering.  Just keep yourself busy for 90 days after that the obsession for drinking is completely gone.  AA is cool because it gives people a place to go and things to do but yeah if you like church and the bible better you just need to involve yourself more.  That's what i would do at least.  If your anything like me Isolation is your worst enemy..
