-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jwp3d/how_am_i_supposed_to_stay_sober_forever/

I'm new to Reddit and talking about my sobriety to anyone besides my counselor. But I thought I'd give it a try. I've been sober for almost a year and a half and I'm seriously struggling. As summer gets closer I want to try all the new flavors of drinks at the gas station. Every time I go in a store I crave alcohol so bad. It's like I just got sober and my cravings are really bad again. I'm about to move out of my boyfriend's and get my own apartment alone and I'm worried about staying sober. I don't want to drink but when I get a bad craving my mind desperately grabs at anything to justify a drink. I've survived this for a while now. But idk how long I can keep it up.
----------immediate responses--------

You aren't. Just one day at a time...The world record for sobriety is 24 hours.
Forever is too big for me to comprehend. I stay sober TODAY. That's it.
Have you discussed this with your counselor? For me going to a support group had really helped. I talk with other people who are doing the same and being accountable to them strengthens my sobriety. For me it's not about "just not drinking" it's about living the life I was meant to have and that means taking each day as it comes. Take care out there!
I think that you just made the first move toward your answer: reaching out to fellow alcoholics. As much I liked my therapist she understood nada about what it feels to look at a bottle and cry. Only an alcoholic can relate to that. In the end counsellors provide us with great tools. But to actually climb out of the hole nothing beats a helping hand from those who have been there. Welcome.
Having relapsed so many times here I think the secret is to never think of it as I'm quitting forever. Just today. Hearing one day at a time over and over initially sounded so cliche and cheesy to me in the beginning but damn this is golden advice.  One of my biggest mistakes initially was putting a number on my sobriety- 30 days 60 days and even 6 months I drank once I hit that number.  One day at a time.  Not drinking with you today. 
It sounds like you could use more support. I stayed sober just one day at a time but could never have done it without a therapist and AA. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. I applaud you for staying sober so long by what is called "white-knuckling" it. 
It's helped me to remember that it's not ME that wants to drink it's the addiction that wants the drink. So I tell it sometimes out loud: you are not in charge of me you need me I don't need you. Various words to that effect. Try to always keep concious when the desire creeps up enough to say "do I really want to have to start all over again?" I don't know what you're genuine answer is but if you're not there yet that's OK it never happens for a lot of people. You're trying and that's what matters. For all the days you don't drink you've done something positive for yourself. If things go wrong don't beat yourself up about it. Take a lesson from it if there is one and move on. That goes for everything in life not just drink.
As others have said the best way to deal with this is one day at a time. The first weeks and months are the hardest by far. Eventually your brain will reprogram itself to associate pleasure with other things and (potentially) drive an aversion response to the sight of alcohol. I managed to pull off the latter with decent results by thinking very intensely about occasions when I made a fool out of myself as a drunk whenever I caught sight of alcohol during the earliest stages of sobriety. Now it gives me the creeps to spend too much time shopping even close to the liquor aisle because it triggers feelings of nervousness and insecurity. That may sound horrible and it is in a way but it is also extremely effective.
What I have found helpful is talking to people in my life about my sobriety friends family not just therapist. Calling my sponsor when craving has also been a great help...I know I know "one day at a time" gets old but really if any of us think about never drinking again getting through the summer etc we won't make it. I won't drink TODAY..good luck :)
I felt the exact same way when I first started. One day at a time/just for today helped me get through the early days. Now being sober is my new normal.
I used to think this way before I got sober but somebody told me that my thinking was wrong.  Who knows what tomorrow holds but to get sober and stay sober I need to stop drinking TODAY only + have a plan to stay sober tomorrow.  The way this actually works was laid out for me in a post at this link called [the Baby Steps.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) Good luck to you.  
[removed]
Today is 7 days for me. Been tough on my sleep. It's all out of wack. I have so much energy and reorganized the entire kitchen yesterday. (even to the point of relining the drawers in the kitchen etc. Consolidating one drawer to lay out spices in - face up - so I can locate them easier) I threw a bunch of expired boxed food out among many other things. So I thought I would be able to get to sleep by 4AM. Nope. I am on Valium also to help with this but it just takes the edge off. It sure has not been a sleep aid. ..What I do is AVOID going near alcohol in the first stages and it is mostly due to the fact I fear I will buy it in the early stages so I stay away from temptation. Period. Once I feel as though I am not worried I may buy it I will go somewhere that sells it while picking up other items I need. (it's in grocery stores here as well as gas stations) Beer was my drink of choice. Vodka is just going somewhere I did not want to end up...I'm ok now for the most part but still would not risk it due to the lack of sleep driving me nuts. When that evens out It won't be an issue. A bar? No way not for awhile...I get through sobriety in another way. I never think "I can NEVER drink again" I don't even place that in my mind. I don't even go day by day. I look up 1 or two days sober past where I am to look forward to future dates.  While it is also a day to day thing that makes me feel even more happy about more days as you will see people talking about how great they feel but you may run into some that relapsed. A lot of this is so much in the mind...So I will Google today "8 Days Sober" and "9 Days Sober and perhaps going 10...We all need to learn Mind over Matter. :) That would help SO much!..7 Days - 2016-19-5..WOW: I just checked you have 1.5 years? Congrats. Think of how you feel now. You are probably also a person that knows deep down you cannot moderate correct? Considering you are having urges can't you get some mixes from the grocery store and stay out of the gas station?
