-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4k14lo/therapy_aoda/

To begin thank you for reading first time poster. I hope this post doesn't meander excessively. tl;dr therapist recommending I get AODA Alcohol and Other Drug Assesment for my alcohol and pot use. It's usually 1 to 2 hours where they ask you questions about your history of drug and alcohol use and then make an assessment of what sort of treatment if any is needed...I've never been a heavy drinker. I hate getting drunk and prefer drinking for the taste of what I am consuming whether that's beer or wine. Often times I'd only have 1 to 4 beers if any at all on a given day. I've been seeing a therapist for about 2 months now at his urging I have quit pot going on day 24 and have more recently begun to completely abstain from alcohol going on day 6...He is recommending that I get an AODA for my alcohol and pot use. I've been researching what AODA is like and most of what I have read is that it is generally court ordered due to a DUI or DWI. I find myself feeling uncomfortable at the thought of having to take this as it seems my therapist is making that contingent on my continued seeing him. Well I do have addictive tendencies I am not addicted to alcohol I feel no urge to go out and drink there are no cravings. I feel slightly insulted as though I am being labeled an alcoholic. Drinking has never caused me an issue with having to work never negatively affected any of my relationships with friends and family...The cost is just shy of $180 and I am in the process of finding a new job and moving to a new city getting an apartment. Finances are tight for me at this time so I am having a difficult time justifying that cost to something that I see as unnecessary. I have been making tremendous strides for the past year and a half in personal growth and resolving a lot of the mental and emotional issues I've struggled with in my life. So I feel that if I no longer was able to see my therapist it wouldn't set me back any. I feel that he is forcing this issue is excessive... that my own efforts are somehow not good enough...The reason I even went to him in the first place is to help resolve some self destructive habits/beliefs related to toxic self esteem and shame difficulty in setting boundaries difficulties saying "no" being a pushover general anxiety minor depression and cultivating healthy relationships with others. I have been working through all of those on my own for some time and as I said I have been making amazing progress in all those areas but there is still a lot of room for growth. So I thought seeing a therapist may be beneficial as I continue to confront those things all of which I can do just as easily without him...So I guess in all my rambling I am wanting to ask if anyone has had to take an AODA? What was it like was it worth it? Am I better off not taking it and continuing to work independently on my issues or following through with this and continue seeking the assistance of my therapist?..Thank you again for the time to read this and for your thoughts/experiences.
----------immediate responses--------

Is an AODA like a breathlyzer that lets you start your car?..Pertaining to your therapist's considerations I remember that I was bewildered and insulted the first time I had a therapist suggest that maybe alcohol was a negative in my life. It was several years before I began to come around to his advice...I can't imagine the issues you listed as having a negative impact on your life would not be made worse by drinking. When I finally asked myself "why am I fighting so hard to continue drinking?" was really the beginning of the end of my drinking...Hopefully you'll give your therapist a fair hearing. I imagine they're not just throwing ideas around to fill a half hour.
I don't know what an AODA is either?
Glad you're here...For the longest time my mind whispered to me "you don't have a problem"; "you're not like *THEM*"; "look people have way worse  probkems"; "you've not been blackout drunk had a DUI been arrested gone to jail lost your job lost your car your house your wife your family......lost *everything*..."..I learned I only needed to add *Yet* to each item...We've not met.  I don't know anything about you except what you just wrote...Here's what I get from your writing.  You indicate: you've had emotional and mental "issues"; those issues fueled self destructive thoughts feelings beliefs.  These in turn manifested in less-than-optimal behaviors affecting your quality of life and your relationships.  ..You had the good sense to get some help from a person who deals with these types if patterns.  I presume the person is qualified and trained.  They do this for a living.  ..Now here are my observations.  First yes you're "unique".  You're as unique as the next person.  Irrespective of our "uniqueness" if you read herein it will quickly become evident that while different we all have some similar tendencies toward problems in our lives.  If I were seeing a therapist and they suggested a plan of approach that I "didn't particularly like" because my mind told me I don't have a problem I'd consider if I'm in denial..  ..I've not taken the AODA.  I did however take a battery of assessments and they all revealed to me "I have a problem.  I'm in denial.  I don't like it when this is pointed out to me."..That's Golden Information!  Now I can start getting better.  ..But not if I justify it away...Good luck. ..Just for today I don't drink with you...
You don't mention how you feel about stopping the pot/what your original intake of that was? And you say you have an 'addictive personality'? Maybe these are the reasons your therapist is pushing the AODA (I've never taken one though it sounds like I could certainly have benefitted from it many years ago haha). For me I've learned to trust my gut in regards to therapist. It really does sound like you feel pressured. Therapists shouldn't make their clients feel this way IMO. Perhaps you could shop around for a new one/better fit perhaps in the new city you're moving too? And mention that this one was suggesting the AODA and get a second opinion. Honesty with myself and the professionals in my life is really important/the best policy though. Best wishes!
