-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4k8nmz/sobriety_and_rebellion/

For years I believed drugs and alcohol to be a way to rebel against the norms of society that the substance use was a way to expand my mind and broaden experiences. I've been transforming my thinking with new information. That those in power use sedatives to keep the masses at bay. From Reinheitsgebot of 1516 to pay incentives for doctors to prescribe opiates in 2016...The War on Drugs didn't cease the use of illicit substances because it was never meant to. I don't think it's any coincidence that those who have the greatest reasons to rebel (those in poverty) are the same who struggle most with addiction. It has less to do with the choices of the suffering and more to do with the choices of the governing body that locks up the poor fines and therefore usurps whatever finances possible and militarizes the police force allowing them to commit murder on a daily basis...If we want change the first thing we need to recognize is that some of the joys we find in life are supplanted by the ruling class. We are marketed to want alcohol and mind altering substances which sedate us. Once sedated we are more likely to give in to other marketing and political schemes quick to anger and patriotism and are gullible...If we want change it may truly start with introspection and asking ourselves why we do what we do. Why do I consume what I consume? Why do I believe what I believe? What ratio of my actions are my own versus implanted thinking patterns coerced by societal norms and advertising agencies? Is this beer calming my nerves or sedating me beyond thinking for myself?
----------immediate responses--------

I do agree with some of this however just getting back from the Netherlands where everything is decriminalized it gives you a perspective. ..TV played a huge role along with microwave ovens advertising took hold in the 60s Vietnam brought back many heroin addicts. The issue with the USA versus other countries is we criminalize rather than get people into treatment. Also the pharmaceutical industry makes money by having a pill that will "fix" you. They are to blame as well as the DuPont corporation and textile industry for criminalizing marijuana.. .Also the cocaine/crack epidemic with the DEA. Our government is in the pockets of the health care companies and big lobby money. It's all a money making thing the jail system the dumbing down of America it's sad when more people I meet overseas knows what's going on in the USA than my American counterparts. ..MADD has also played a role in the DUI increase States make a ton of money off these cases in other European countries you flat out get your license taken away forever also the automobile industry messed up the rail system such as Los Angeles yes there where deaths due to the trollies but LA you have to have a car but less than 100 years ago this was not the case. ..For me right now I watch Hulu and get annoyed when I see the glorification of alcohol.  ..I could go on and on. I just use the Netherlands as an example one a doctor is not always going to prescribe a pill for you two they have less of an addiction problem per capita than other countries three they have a system to support rehabilitation...We live in a society of consumerism and lies. I got more of a chance of getting shot in the states than any terrorist attack. That is the sad truth. 
Please explain how this passage is going to help you not drink and use drugs today? 
"Militarize police force and allow them to commit murder"..I think you're still on drugs. Police kill people who are acting in a mortally-threatening way to them or the populace..Jamal the drug-dealer that guy murders. He knowingly takes people's life for his own self-interest...Know the difference.
Also like is this toxic poison causing physical changes in my organism? That is another deep thought I like to ponder.
Good point!
Damn right!
It's line that song by beck..Your excess ain't rebellion you're drinking what they're sellin'..I agree with you to the extent that by maintaining a healthy body and clear mind you are giving yourself an edge in life on multiple levels... it turned out that an existence riddled with self deprication and destruction is actually forming you into a more pliable tool whilst sobriety involvement with the community ( even just getting to know your neighbors and turning off the tv) make you a more formidable citizen..i wonder though if a lifestyle of substance use might be a factor in what keeps individuals from succeeding in life while you are more likely to successfully pursue financial stability and favorable social standing with a clear head. I geuss what I'm wondering is where does the social construct you speak of cease to bleed into personal choice? Where is the line drawn? It's almost like the question of nature versus nurture....Anyways i didn't mean to write so much but I've thought about this too. Like it's a big 1984 conspiracy.. just waiting for the gov to start handing out free bottles of greasy vodka....
