-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4k9lmv/intention/

Hi this is /u/lc64 and I relapsed last night. I was thinking about writing a post about how I'm not resetting my badge because of one mistake. I really think this is all way more about intention than it is about some rule that we're making for ourselves to follow. Someone who truly wants to be sober but isn't can in many ways be further along the path than someone who is abstaining just by pure will. Both are noble causes but one means much more than the other. I know this because I've been both over the past few years of my life. ..I invite all of you right now to ask yourselves if you really want to be sober. Be honest with yourself and really think about what you want out of this. If you still want to drink please think about what that really means...That being said I've made a new account and reset the badge for the sake of OCD. I made a real decision 3 weeks ago to quit and today I have a renewed encouragement because of the mistake I made last night. None of these numbers by our names matter as much as our true intentions. ..I love you all for the support we're providing each other here. A lot of the stuff here can seem sappy at times but I've never seen a forum filled with such honest compassion. So wherever you may be on your sober journey let's not drink today!..[and I've added a recovery picture to the end of the album I posted on /u/lc64](http://imgur.com/a/1sjZc)
----------immediate responses--------

The number means nothing yet everything...
Glad you're here. Some don't come back.  ..You just conducted some important research that could be shared with me and others so we can learn from you.  What observations do you have that you can share?..Two themes that you mention jump out at me.  The reference to 'further along the path' resonates.  There's a saying that I wish was more popular in meetings:  "Time does not equal Recovery".  ..Second "Intention".  One of my spiritual mentors wrote: .."The road to hell is *not* paved with good intentions..But rather *Distractions* from The Path of Intention."..I reflect on this regularly.  My mind lies to me.  My mind provides justifications that Distract me from the Path of Intention...I need support and fellowship who can provide honest brutal feedback to me.  One of the most valuable commodities without a price tag...Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.
Word up.  No matter what number is beside somebody's name  we are all in the same boat.  I mentioned this at a meeting one night and I could tell it took a few aback.  It is easy to forget no matter how many days or months or years we have drinking tomorrow is easy for any of us.  All we have to do is pick up that first drink.  For some  this could be a few years of getting hammered everyday and for others it could mean sliding for a week then doing a 180.  Either way we have to be honest with ourselves about who we are.  Thanks for the post.  Best wishes.
Welcome back friend - you're here. I still think that pic by the lake is the best. They say that it's always so clear in the eyes :)
