-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kemrz/i_found_a_sponsor_and_i_ate_food_that_was/

Some of you know some of you don't. I have very few clean days and terrible coping mechanisms   I started off on heroin and cocaine replaced it with pills and replaced that with alcohol. Funny enough alcohol has been the hardest thing to kick. I guess because it's so available. I can lose a dealer's number but I can't forget where the liquor store is. ..So I'm a member of NA. Until this past week I had been struggling very badly. Meeting people has always been hard because I'm so shy and scared of everything. I'd been using and drinking as a coping mechanism and once I took that away I redeveloped an eating disorder as a replacement coping mechanism. Every day I cried but every day I stayed clean. I reached out to a lot of people and didn't get much back from them. It was distressing and discouraging to watch my other friends from my partial hospitalization program find sponsors and friends while I struggled to even introduce myself to anyone...I finally reached out to the right person. It took a lot of praying and a lot of trust in God. He responded to me kindly promised to introduce me to people even promised to let me tag along with him to meetings. The first couple meetings I went to last week went poorly. I planned to share but I was too afraid. I later realized that it was kind of a blessing...I went to a meeting last night and instead of working up my nerves by trying to share I decided to promise myself just to listen. No pressure   and it went better than I could have ever imagined. We passed around a basket and wrote questions to which people would read aloud and share about them. Some of them hit close to home   where do your addictive behaviors still surface in your life? What do you still struggle with?..I cried a lot but I listened. And I learned. And after the meeting I approached a home member and we talked about my crying and I asked her if she could please be my sponsor to which she accepted...I had arrived with a friend who was not the same man I reached out to for support but when he told us that a group of them were going out to eat he told the friend who drove me that we had to go. Had to. I think he knew I was feeling good. Even sitting there sipping a diet coke and talking to my friends I was a little wary about eating. But I felt so good that I let myself eat a few nachos. To a lot of people that may sound like nothing. To me eating just a couple chips of cheesy meaty junk food was a breakthrough...Day 44. I know it gets good and it gets bad but last night and today it feels good. And I had to share that with someone..
----------immediate responses--------

This post is so inspiring! ..Sometimes I hit NA meetings instead of AA meetings. Because as any says a drug is a drug is a drug and I have felt welcomed there as someone who struggled with alcohol versus other drugs.
Good on you. For me the stuff that feels like it's breaking me down the most is doing me the best sometimes if that makes sense. As long as I can frame it so I can take it.
[deleted]
Great share!!..I've been there with food I realize what a huge step that was. Keep doing what you are doing. :)
Great post. Love the honesty.
I have no comment.  I'm just reaching out to give you a Big internet Hug **: )**  .Many Blessings to YOU!
Wow !  Thank you for this post.  I'm so impressed with your willingness!  ..Can't wait to here more about your journey.  You sharing helps me and many others!
Just for today! ;)
