-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4keowl/summer_is_coming_and_that_makes_me_feel_like/

The music the smell of sunscreen the smell in the air BBQ's campfires....... This will be my first sober summer in more than 20 years. Summer made me relapse before. Man I'm having a hard time. Everyone is sitting in their gardens or hanging out together having cold beers and fancy wines. I had almost no cravings when I stopped but now that summer is coming.... ..I just needed to vent this thanks everyone for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have any good summer memories without alcohol? Sometimes as alcoholics we attribute are good times to alcohol when in fact it's socializing with friends barbecuing sitting out in the sun that is what is most enjoyable.
Good vent. I have been thinking that alcoholism assessment test would be:..*Fill in the blank: Summer friends grilling and ________.*..*If it takes you over 60 seconds to think of something nonalcoholic you probably have a problem.*..Summer is tough but then again so was spring winter and fall.
I don't know what it is about the sunshine that makes me feel like I deserve a drink but that's when the cravings are the absolute worst. Stay strong!
Summer my birthday and the winter holidays are what I deem my relapse danger zones. I've been preparing much of winter and spring for summer: I know what my possible triggers will be. I've visualized myself having fun doing my favorite things sober. I've planned out my responses for anyone who questions my decision to not drink. I think I'm ready. ..I never drank rum but I just saw an advertisement for Malibu Rum and the slogan they end the commercial with is this: "Because Summer." Um okay. How about "Because summer is not a chance to make memories and relax but to get wasted and blackout and forget about doing anything that I planned on doing. Oh and jeopardize my job and health and the possibility of any enjoyable future if I do so." Yeah right. Because summer my ass.
Last weekend I spent all of Saturday working on a big yard project. When I was finished I was hit with a craving harder than anything I've felt in a long time. Really took me off guard. 
I am not going to drink with you this summer. I wait all winter for this season to come. And yes that always meant drinking outdoors. I am going to divert that energy to other outdoor activities that do not involve booze. Will it be hard Yes it will but I know if I get through the first summer without it. The next summer will be so much easier. It was like what it took for me to get used not getting totally fucked up on the weekends. Once I grinded out those first few weekends I started getting used to what it was like to be sober on a Saturday Night or those Sunday afternoon Booze fests. 
I've been finding a lot of people have trouble staying sober in the summer including me!!! This might sound lame but one thing that helps me is trying a billion different sodas ginger beer is my favorite.
