-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kij8n/its_been_a_few_weeks_nowa_few_observations/

I still struggle with periods of unexplained anger at the world.  Seems to be less frequent though as I've begun to journal my goals affirmations things I am grateful for and my daily priorities (3 of each every day).  Also... downloaded the app 'Headspace' and am trying some of it's meditation stuff.  I know that meetings would help too but I really hate ANY kind of meeting and their tendency to run on and on.  Maybe I'll have to get past that but I want to try this without them if possible...I've found that addiction is one helluva formidable advisory that seems to be amazingly cunning as well.  I can go days without even thinking about it and then have moments where my head can be soooo convincing that it's OK now to resume drinking...everything is good now...you can be like them.  When it's happening it is almost as though I am completely oblivious to the damage that has been caused and my strong desire to ban it from my life forever.  When I'm clear headed I can't help but be amazed at how I can turn on myself like that so suddenly...All for now - just wanted to check in.  I am so appreciative of everyone that has the courage to post here every day.  Responding isn't always possible (probably wouldn't be that helpful to the OP either) but just knowing that I'm not alone is really comforting...I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

I won't be drinking either... You are not alone in this sober gig...there are lots of us battling the same issue I don't post but I try to respond in a meaningful way to 4-5 posts a day.  I have been sober for awhile now and I don't have to fight any urges I somehow flicked the switch in my head the one that was turned to on for 20 plus years and involving a bottle or two of white wine a night it flicked to off and for the moment it is staying there without too much effort.  To be fair I did a lot of counselling before getting sober and that helped enormously.  Lots of stops and starts before this one I flicked that switch on and off many times before this turn.  Best wishes for your success in getting and staying sober it is worth it.
I'm in the same stage of quitting as you and in a very similar spot. Irritable and angry at times. Feel great being sober at others. Still others pretty convinced I'm making "a mountain out of a molehill" and I'm sure I could handle some moderate drinking. ..In my heart and gut I know I'm an alcoholic. I know my relationships body motivation to experience life and my self-worth will all be better off if I never drink again. So that is my goal and focus. Despite the anger and the siren song of alcohol. That kernel of truth that alcohol is not good for me or my life in any amount that is what I am trying to hold on to. 
Hello /u/onemoretoday. I'm glad you're here and kudos for 27 days! It gets easier. I needed lots of support because I didn't know how to get well on my own. I hope you have what you need.
Those "I can have a few beers with friends" days are so damn hard. That got me on Friday night. So disappointed with myself. I kept telling myself no but the urge got the best of me. 
I need to hear what you have to say about your struggle so I can have gauge as I move up in my sober days. Thank you today. 
