-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kkpvn/i_need_help_being_supportive/

My boyfriend is currently attempting to stay sober yet again. He's been in and out of AA for a while now and struggles pretty bad with it. He recently decided he wanted to rejoin the group. I have been very supportive for the whole time and tried to help him get to meetings ect. Now that he's been sober again (only a week) he's been SO nasty to me. I have been criticized over and over all week because I work a lot and go to grad school. He's complaining about everything and everyone NONSTOP. It hurts so bad that he's being so nasty to me because I'm trying so hard to be supportive. I just don't know what to do or how to handle this situation. I am hoping someone can give me some insight or advice so I can just be supportive and not let the attitude get to me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that you are receiving the brunt of his withdrawal/unhappiness/anger. As someone who only experienced a day of irritation with everyone in my house (I just avoided them) I don't have suggestions. I certainly would not want my loved ones to be around me if I was behaving badly. ..Perhaps the folks at r/alanon have some suggestions.
Not that it excuses his treatment towards you emotions during early sobriety are fucking nuts.  Crazy emotional swings.  I hope everything works out for you.
You need to check out Al-Anon. 
You could talk to him about it. Perhaps you should ask him this post question.  "How can I best support you? You seem on edge and I'm not sure how to proceed. I'm trying to help you but I'm getting alot of flack.  What can I do to help you at this time?"..Also if he's been trying again and again and failing again and again to stay sober by doing AA - hmmmm....perhaps AA is not the solution for him?  I'm just gonna say it:  "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." If AA has never worked for him multiple times in the past then why does he expect it will work this time?  Perhaps a different strategy is in order at this point.  
Check out al-anon
