-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kkxro/the_struggle_is_certainly_real_plus_allnew_fun/

Still going strong and still struggling all the same. Today I got to serve in church and feel closer to God. Then I came home and someone anonymously sent me pictures of drugs knowing I'm in drug and alcohol recovery. Then I got up and exercised and felt really great! But after that my dad called and told me that he wouldn't be visiting me for my birthday next week. I'll be spending my birthday all alone - no parents no dog no friends...All the same I'm vowing not to drink today. I took a photo of myself in my therapist's office 42 days ago when I was feeling miserable and a photo of myself in there yesterday feeling fantastic...I have to remind myself that we have hard days and easy days and that even though today seems to be ending on a sour note yesterday I felt beautiful and happy. ..So here are the photos: [seeing the difference definitely brightens my day at least just a little.](http://imgur.com/a/nHo6X) 
----------immediate responses--------

Gorgeous! Happy early birthday! Bet it'll be your best year yet!  
Gorgeous! You look healthier and happier for sure! ..It's constant ups and downs. Just gotta do what you're already doing and focus on the positive stuff!..Happy 45 days and happy early birthday!!! Be sure to treat yourself even though your alone... You deserve a special treat or present!
Stunning SOBER pretty woman!
Happy Early Birthday! Stay strong
You definitely look healthier and happier and full of life! ..Congrats!!!
You look fantastic. Congrats and Happy week early Birthday wishes!
&gt; someone anonymously sent me pictures of drugs knowing I'm in drug and alcohol recovery...What the hell is that? Aren't you scared? I would freak out if that would happen to me.
You have your whole life ahead of you. You deserve it on your terms. Birthdays holidays ehh no big deal. Celebrating life daily is what I look forward to now. You have a nice smile! keep using it!
SO pretty! Happy early birthday!
I remember you after I started reading this subreddit. I started over last month and am just a few days behind you. You look great! Keep going the lows will pass. Have a great birthday!
I can see a kind young woman in those eyes you keep up the work.
You're an inspiration! Please keep it up. :)
Great pictures the difference is all in the eyes.
You look beautiful in both pictures but the recent one has happier eyes. Hold your head high you are moving in the right direction! Have an awesome week and happy early birthday!
