-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kz07s/early_sobriety/

I can't sleep so I thought that I would write a post about early sobriety because I see a lot of very similar questions from people who are struggling. If it's okay I'd like to share my experience. It's helpful to me to remind myself how far I've come and maybe it will help someone else too...The first few weeks sucked. Major anxiety insomnia problems concentrating short fuse and I was constantly thinking about alcohol...I was truly terrified that things would never get better so I read posts from people with longer sobriety in order to feel hopeful...For me things did get better over time. For me it wasn't a sudden change but gradual changes over time and it was awesome...I am so thankful that I stuck it through those early painful days because life is so much better now...Thanks for listening! And I would love to hear from others about their early sobriety experiences. It helps me stay sober and who knows it might help someone else
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Wow great post this morning ddc!  
In addition to what you described I was absent-minded a lot. A couple months in I once caught myself standing at my gate rummaging through my keys so that I could open it. The gate does not have a lock and never has. 
For me I see it like a roller coaster ride. The first month is like that first hill/drop on a roller coaster big and scary very chaotic. The unknown of whats going to happen has you intensely white knuckling it holding on tight. ..The second month is like the second hill/drop on the roller coaster. Just a little smaller not quite as scary and chaotic but sill intimidating. ..The third month is like the 3rd hill/drop again smaller still and less scary. The ride is smoother and not as bumpy and jarring. You ease up a little bit and relax your fear of whats going to happen next...As for the 4th month I start that hill tomorrow...
I was sober once in my late 30's and my memory of it is that it felt like everything had fallen into place. Not perfect but just right. Then I began drinking again and just like someone who goes on a drastic diet then gains the weight back and then some I drank more than I had ever drank before. I began drinking daily and doubling the amount on the weekend. I missed out on a lot during this time because I chose to drink over other activities. I'm now not drinking and hoping I can find that sober feeling I had before. I don't expect it to be the same but I'm hoping for some resemblance of it. I feel leaps and bounds better than I did on day one!
it's complicated I'm still very short fused at times but I also quit smoking 15 days ago so there's that... it's slowly getting better almost every day there's worst days and days where I don't even think about it... thanks for your perspective :)
My experience is very similar to yours. I'm seeing another layer of fog lifting and I can concentrate and remember things much better. I'm an amateur musician and I've been playing a lot of old songs I thought I'd forgotten. However I still struggle with a short fuse especially with my kids age 13 and 16. Teenagers know all and I can't seem to let their comments roll off my back. Any others experience this? Thanks for sharing.
