-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l5otz/blood_pressure_dropping/

Hi everyone..I hope this isn't against the rules - I'm not asking for medical advice just want to see if anyone else has had this experience. I'm 15 days sober (woo hoo!) and have noticed in the past couple days that my blood pressure has been running a lot lower (I have a machine at home so I've been checking it) and I've been getting lightheaded a lot. Im on blood pressure meds and I'm seeing my doctor tomorrow so I'm going to ask if my dose needs to be adjusted. I'm wondering though if this could be related to the sobriety - I know drinking raises your BP but is this fast of a recovery possible?...Interestingly low blood pressure was part of the reason I relapsed last time I quit. I had gone without drinking for about 2 months but I was lightheaded all the time which made me really anxious and led to me having panic attacks for the first time in my life. Eventually I wasn't able to cope with the stress in a healthy manner and went back to drinking...at which point my blood pressure shot right back up to a healthy range hmmm.. (well healthy with the BP meds I was taking I'm sure it would have been high otherwise)...Anyway hopefully the doc will get everything sorted out. Also now that I'm a couple years into a panic disorder I'm a lot more equipped to handle them when they come so I won't be letting them (or anxiety about being lightheaded or anything else!) derail my sobriety this time....Have a great Thursday everyone and I will be thinking of you all when I drink my LaCroix tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

I've been wondering the same thing so please let us know what your doctor says.  I generally run low but was surprised by 100/50 when I checked in for minor surgery two weeks ago.  I think it's lower when you haven't had your morning coffee but I'd expect nerves to counter that.  Keep us posted!
Makes sense that BP meds likely need to be reduced or changed now you are sober. Mine drops into normal range from being on the high side when I drink. Our poor bodies...what we put them through! Be interested to hear what your Doc says/does.
My mom was getting red in the face we determined her drinking was due to her blood pressure. She's seeming to do better that she stopped drinking.
I was getting lightheaded but only when standing which never happened to me before. I started taking a one a day vitamin because I had read that alcohol can make you vitamin B deficient and since taking the vitamin I haven't had those episodes anymore. Now mind you I am not on BP medicine nor have I ever been so definitely check with the doctor! 
I can share my personal experience. I've had hypertension since I was around 19 years old. We assumed I got it from my dad because he has it and doesn't drink at all. ..I quit drinking for 37 days back in February and my blood pressure dropped significantly. I'm drinking again and it's around 125/75 with 10 mg of Lisinopril taken once daily in the AM. After 15-20 days or so of abstinence I was getting readings as low as 107/70 with the same dosage and medication. 
104/68 I get lightheaded ALL the time even when I talk loud.
I'd explain to my doc what I'm doing and monitor the blood pressure and prepare to scale down the meds. You may not need meds at all once you're clean and sober. 
My pressure was running 135/80 ish for years (doc said prehypertension watch your salt) no meds now running 117/65 ish! I knew it was lower bc I was getting light headed if I stood up quickly from a sitting position. I would imagine that you will be off your pills soon.
I always had picture perfect blood pressure during my drinking career. It turns out that my blood pressure under healthy circumstances runs low. Mine isn't dangerously low but I fainted once in early sobriety when I was dehydrated and had to go to the emergency room to get checked out. I drink plenty of water now and all is well. I'd get it checked out if I were you but I don't think it's unusual for blood pressure to drop after quitting drinking...EDIT: redundancy
Here's my experience: my blood pressure dropped and I was able to go off of BP meds during my first Whole 30 challenge. The mix of not drinking and cutting out a lot of high carb foods did wonders for my BP. I'm guessing it was more the alcohol than the food but I can't know for sure.
I thought I was just one of those otherwise healthy active people who had high blood pressure. My resting heart rate is in the fifties usually so I convinced myself that high pressure was because my heart had more time to fill up between pumps. ..I averaged 145/80 when I was monitoring it under doctor's orders. I quit drinking and four (four!) Days later it was 120/80. I continued to check it for a while and never saw a reading above 130/84. Booze was the only thing doing it to me =)
I thought I was just one of those otherwise healthy active people who had high blood pressure. My resting heart rate is in the fifties usually so I convinced myself that high pressure was because my heart had more time to fill up between pumps. ..I averaged 145/80 when I was monitoring it under doctor's orders. I quit drinking and four (four!) Days later it was 120/80. I continued to check it for a while and never saw a reading above 130/84. Booze was the only thing doing it to me =)
I thought I was just one of those otherwise healthy active people who had high blood pressure. My resting heart rate is in the fifties usually so I convinced myself that high pressure was because my heart had more time to fill up between pumps. ..I averaged 145/80 when I was monitoring it under doctor's orders. I quit drinking and four (four!) Days later it was 120/80. I continued to check it for a while and never saw a reading above 130/84. Booze was the only thing doing it to me =)
I thought I was just one of those otherwise healthy active people who had high blood pressure. My resting heart rate is in the fifties usually so I convinced myself that high pressure was because my heart had more time to fill up between pumps. ..I averaged 145/80 when I was monitoring it under doctor's orders. I quit drinking and four (four!) Days later it was 120/80. I continued to check it for a while and never saw a reading above 130/84. Booze was the only thing doing it to me =)
