-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lfu0p/in_my_humble_opinion/

Definitions from Google sources to give context to my post:..I see people struggle to understand their problem some are full blown alcoholics and some are abusers. Separating these concepts has helped me understand what I am...Alcohol abuse is defined as a pattern of drinking that results in one or more of the following situations within a 12-month period: Failure to fulfill major work school or home responsibilities. Drinking in situations that are physically dangerous such as while driving a car or operating machinery...When you abuse alcohol you continue to drink even though you know your drinking is causing problems. If you continue to abuse alcohol it can lead to alcohol dependence. Alcohol dependence is also called alcoholism. You are physically or mentally addicted to alcohol. You have a strong need or craving to drink...--- Now my words---.I feel it is all a fine line. I had an uncle who was a alcoholic it was clear he was completely out of control. He is sober now old and alive at 80 amazingly. He once drank draino in a effort to leave this cruel world. Great guy he was but he had a bad problem beer drinker like me. I think about him and my drinking they are two different styles. I have never woke up behind a bar in the gutter. I never went on benders for a week and blew my rent and food money that was for my family. I could go on and on. He was full blown to me. It scared me scared the shit out of me. So I was an alcohol abuser. Had my missed days of work DUI 30 years ago. I have had all the issues from A to probably K. Injured myself drunk and such...But the one thing I have always clung onto is that I can stop it does not own me I am not full blown. Denial I do not think so. But I am quitting to clean up and move to the next level in life. Yes at 51 I feel 40 luckly to be healthy and sane lol. I had to quit other things in my life this is simply one for the list. I am trying to move on it is tough when you do not really want to..I wish you all the best. Today and tomorrow I am sober by choice. I do not want to drink.
----------immediate responses--------

I find it is nearly impossible to define alcohol.  Drinkers are: Social drinkers binge drinkers heavy drinkers abusers daily drinkers or just alcoholics. Caused by addiction as a crutch or just a 'social lubricant'.  Due to it being genetic a mental issue or physical dependance. ..Frankly I don't care for labels. Pick any one of the labels at the top and at some point in time that was me. Recently I've been flying a little to close to the sun starting to see alcohols true nature and can see how after many years this can go from bad to worse...What I do know is I want to improve my life and remove unnecessary complications. With that I want to say good bye to my old friend. We may meet again so Im building the tools to deal with that but for now I won't drink today and enjoy it for what it is good or bad...Thanks for your post. .
It's progressive. I just got off on an earlier stop.
The idea of "full blown" alcoholism is so interesting to me...We all have this idea of what a "full blown" alcoholic is. Which is like horrifically low. Waking up in a *gutter* leaving your family *homeless* because you blew the rent money on booze...I've never gotten a DUI I've never missed work because of alcohol I've never injured myself or others drunk. ..I don't think you're in *denial* either but because I don't think "full blown" is a thing to begin with. I think it's more like people who are starting out have a misconception of what it is. ..You say at the end *"it's tough when you do not really want to"* - YEAH! *That's* what a dependence on alcohol looks like. Part of you knows you have to stop but it's hard because part of you doesn't want to. ..*That's* what is it. It's not this like unbelievable you-can't-physically-stop-your-hands-from-reaching-bottle feeling. It's EXACTLY what you're saying. It's hard because it's hard...The one thing you've 'clung to' is that you can stop I'm not trying to be a jerk here but how do you know that? Have you tried before? Or do you just believe you can?
