-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4llrvk/check_in_from_21_years_of_sobriety_relapser/

First I want to thank everyone who replied to my original post. I look at it daily and am so grateful for everyone's attention love and support. You have all given me a lot of support. The incredible outpouring of words that you all wrote actually make me cry with gratitude. You are all amazing supportive and wonderful...But - I am my own worst enemy. I am somewhat horrified to say that I drank again after my 2nd AA meeting. I made it through the withdrawals and started going back to meetings...Then - I drove myself to Whole Foods and got some newfangled "wine in a can" - ugh. The cravings were so intense. I know that there is NO EXCUSE for this behavior. I could have gone to another AA meeting but I did this instead. ..My disease is in high gear and I'm so afraid I won't make it. F*** - I'm just being honest. I need (or my HP) needs to tame this beast. I have been praying daily for God's grace to remove the obsession. I have not been drinking 24/7 like before - but I did drink again. So there it is. Drinking is NOT fun for me. It is NOT pretty. It is NOT elegant. It is horrific. I don't know why I even did it. But - I did...I hate that I did this. So there it is. No need to even reply I just wanted to check in and tell the truth. I have to make it somehow someway. There is so much at stake. I have to redouble my efforts clearly.
----------immediate responses--------

Rehab saved my life. 
I really appreciate your post and I'm sending you positive thoughts your way. What you're going through is really difficult and I hope you know that you can do it. You got there one day at a time you'll get there again.
Please keep checking in because this is so helpful to me and I know I am not unique.  Your account sent chills down my neck and arms.  I need to hear this experience lest I repeat it myself.  You can get back one day at a time!  If you have any suppprt group ask them to and let them carry you through this initial rough spot.  Don't deny them the opportunity to stay sober by helping you.  You will have ample opportunity to pass it on.  You are in my thoughts and please keep sharing because we need it too!
Thank you so much for checking in. Your post had a big effect on me (and others I'm sure) and I had been wondering how you were doing. I hope you are able to find your way back and we will support you in any way we can.
How terrifying. I'll be thinking of you wishing you peace the next few days as you keep at it. 
I'm so glad you posted  Hang in there my friend.  As I may already have told you I made it back after 15 years sober after a 7 year relapse.  It can be done.  If I don't drink today and every day between now and August 17th I'll have 7 years again.  We can do it.
Big hug! I'm too new to sobriety to have any words of wisdom but thank you for your post and I will be thinking of you.
I couldn't stop and I knew I couldn't.  I think I was trying to kill myself with the drink.  I went to my doc and got some meds and did a home detox of 7 days.  He gave me valium and some sleeping meds that got me through the first week with basically no withdrawal symptoms other than being in a benzo haze for 5-7 days.  That got me through the physical part and allowed me to focus on the mental aspects...As /u/somuch2learn mentioned perhaps rehab could help too...Please continue to post to let us know how your doing.  .
Sending you lots of support. I think I said after your first post that I relapsed after 10 years of sobriety for 6 years. Today I was at a party where folks were drinking and it was such a beautiful day and I had to remind myself - "I will not drink today" - because it would have been so simple and easy to do. Sobriety is also simple - but not easy. I'm thinking of you friend and sending much energy your way. 
Thanks for the check-in.  hang in there.
Just a suggestion skylight45. I know you are an AA person and I respect that but you might want to check out SMART Recovery. One of the main features of that program is coping with urges and there are lots of excellent tools. There is no problem with you going to SMART meetings as an AA member lots of people do and it's completely acceptable. There are meetings both face to face and online and the written materials are good too. 
