-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lrbw5/made_it_to_90_days/

And I'd be at four months instead of three if I hadn't had that one evening relapse in February...Some things I've learned:..Identified my triggers (see above-mentioned relapse in February--public speaking). Funny enough it's not the everyday stuff--bad days at work don't push me to the edge. It's the one-offs. Like last Saturday--buying moving setting up furniture. After all of that surely I deserve a beer?..Discovered the idea of triggers. It's a small thing but just knowing that certain things can trigger a desire to drink is pretty huge for me. So I feel I deserve/want/need a drink. Why do I feel that way? What's the root cause? Ah--there it is. Need to watch out for that...Not going to drink today. That one phrase has made my recovery possible. Sometimes it becomes a mantra constantly repeated until I go to bed. It works...Substitution drinks. I am nearly personally responsible for keeping the makers of seltzer water and fruit juices in business. (I'm drinking seltzer water and orange juice as I type this.) I learned that I'm not yet at the point where I can successfully fight the need to have something in my hand or something special to drink at the end of the day. But I can shift things laterally so that what's in my hand is a fizzy non-alcoholic drink...What a wonderful thing it is to remember! Anything. Yesterday was the first time I can remember that I was sober awake and following all three motor sport races. All the way to the end of NASCAR's 600-mile race...Evenings out can be fun. I never realized how much my avoidance of going out in the evenings was tied to my need to stay home and drink. Still don't go out often--I turn in pretty early--but don't hate it as nearly as much as when I was downing half a bottle of whiskey a night...And how much I needed accountability to make the transition to sobriety. Without stopdrinking I never would have made it this far. I don't post much but this community has made all the difference providing a place of accountability and support...I don't know what tomorrow will hold but I'm not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!  A clink of my sparkling-water-and-lime to you :)
Congrats on 90 days! Such an awesome feeling :)
Thank you for sharing your post got me thinking about myself in ways I needed to.
90 is a great milestone. Congratulations! Not drinking with you today.
Congrats!!! 
