-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lvwa1/a_cry_for_help/

I saw this posted this morning in r/getmotivated and I wanted to share it here. My therapist has it hanging on his wall and it really helped me re-frame my perspective. I've had to ask for help a lot recently for everything from substance abuse to mental health struggles to an eating disorder. I resisted asking for help so long because I feared that I didn't deserve it or that it would mean that I was weak or pathetic. Really I was just standing in my own way. Now I believe that it takes a lot more courage to ask for help than it does to stay stuck in miserable but familiar patterns. ..PS - this is about technically about depression but if you replace "depression" with "addiction" it's a pretty snug fit at least for me...http://boggletheowl.tumblr.com/post/41509206591/ive-been-getting-a-lot-of-these-lately-and-i.."I don't like the phrase 'a cry for help'. I just don't like how it sounds. When somebody says to me 'I'm thinking about suicide I have a plan; I just need a reason not to do it' the last thing I see is helplessness. ..I think: your depression has been beating you up for years. It's called you ugly and stupid and pathetic and a failure for so long that you've forgotten that it's wrong. You don't see any good in yourself and you don't have any hope. ..But still here you are; you've come over to me banged on my door and said 'Hey! Staying alive is REALLY HARD right now! Just give me something to fight with! I don't care if it's a stick! Give me a stick and I can stay alive!" ..How is that helpless? I think that's incredible. You're like a marine: trapped for years behind enemy lines your gun has been taken away you're out of ammo you're malnourished and you've probably caught some kind of jungle virus that's making you hallucinate giant spiders. ..And you're still going 'Give me a stick. I'm not dying out here'. ..'A cry for help' makes it sound like I'm supposed to take pity on you. But you don't need my pity. This isn't pathetic. This is the will to survive. This is how humans lived long enough to become the dominant species. ..With NO hope running on NOTHING you're ready to cut through a hundred miles of hostile jungle with nothing but a stick if that's what it takes to get to safety. ..All I'm doing is handing out sticks...You're the one staying alive."
----------immediate responses--------

So this actually made me tear up a little bit (and I'm at work lol so then I faked a loud sneeze so that I could blame my red eyes on that if anyone saw haha). Being in a place where I need help is hard for me so reframing the act of asking for help as a strength rather than weakness is really inspirational to me. ..Thanks for sharing!
Wow that's really awesome. Thanks for sharing it. 
Thanks for sharing this I found it inspiring. I've been in that place before. I always felt ashamed about being there but now I see a different perspective...to ask for help in that dark time as an affirmation of survival. Insisting to live even after years of internalizing toxic feedback as beliefs and truly believing I'm not worth it...I feel thankful to be alive today and not drinking today.
