-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4m1fs8/got_released_from_a_35_day_inpatient_program/

So I just completed the program and got discharged. I have a sponsor a home group I've reconnected with my higher power and unfortunately....I have an upcoming sentencing. I feel afraid and vulnerable. I can feel a relapse coming. Any suggestions guys?
----------immediate responses--------

I went through a very tough time in the years 2009-2011 when I actually went to federal prison for 5 months and then spent part of the next 2 years on house arrest an ankle bracelet and finally probation.  So how did I go through it?   Every day I made a decision not to drink for that day and as I say in the [Baby Steps post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) I doggedly persisted.  Life got better.
Sounds like you have a lot of resources at your disposal - take advantage of them! Go through some SD posts call your sponsor go to a meeting you can even find meetings online. Also continued sobriety can work in your favor during your sentencing. My cousin an addict was facing 20 years and got off with 22 months largely due to his effort to stay clean. My husband and stepdaughter have had similar experiences (not quite as drastic). I'm sure your lawyer has already told you this. Don't give up! I won't drink with you today.
I try to focus on the day at hand. It calms me before I can spin out of control. I find it helpful to review all the information I have on relapse too. Once I realized I wanted to be sober more than I wanted to be drunk I can refocus and stay that way. 
Staying sober and sticking with the plan you have sounds good. Drinking will make everything much worse.
I was in the exact same position as you! Went to a treatment and had a sentencing coming up. I was sober through all of it. More than ever I went to AA i spoke openly with my sponsor.  I monitored my stress levels literally on a piece of paper just rating how I feel throughout the day. I used all the tools I could while in treatment. I succeeded through it!  I relapsed after two years and from a lot of stupid crap that over time I thought I was strong enough to try and help with... but when I first got home I made sure I was far away from any additional drama outside of the own things in MY life I had to focus on.  Counsellors are not wrong when they tell you to focus on yourself.  We need to.  I'm reset and I'm happy and I'm sticking with what worked for me. I hope some of it may work for you! Good luck! .
Good advice here! Use your resources. You are not alone.
I would pick up the phone and be talking to my sponsor and people from my home group. You can also hang around your local 24hr club if you have one for support.
You made this far. Don't give up!
Take it min by min if you cant take it day by day...Sounds like you have the rest of the tools though!
With a sponsor home group and connection with a higher power it sounds like you are well on your way to recovery.  Outcome probably depends on how and how much we use those things.  In addition to my sponsor I had a "band of brothers" in recovery who carried me through the first few months.
I was in an inpatient program for 11 days in March. I have kept in touch with many of the people I was in rehab with.  Many relapsed within days of leaving the facility. I haven't. ..I spoke to my therapist about this and her opinion was that I have been successful since I followed the plan they laid out for me.  That included an IOP program and AA meetings **every** night.  I am on track for 90 meetings in 90 days.  ..It has worked for me. 
Much of our fear turns out to be illusion. I like to stick with my facts as they are more reliable. And one of those facts is this: Given an unknown we tend to *assume the worst*. Take it easy.  ..This fear and negative crap subsides as we continue to stay sober. Just keep making it until bed time every night; Wake up with a "Hell Yeah!" instead of an "Oh God!"  ..Just do the next right thing and always put fear in its place.
