-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4m2wus/reflections_on_200_days/

I like round numbers so figured that sitting at 200 makes for a good time to recap some things...Lots has happened in the past six-and-a-half months. Did 67 days in treatment after an attempt at Sober October failed miserably and I had to get real help in mid-November. My wife had left to stay with her parents I was basically drinking as much as I could whenever I could responsibilities be damned...I struggled with treatment at the start. Seeing the shit other people there had been through that drove them to their addiction made me embarrassed that I had succumbed despite my relatively cushy life. They suffered through abuse and abandonment and poverty and homelessness. I had a loving well-to-do family did well at school had the privilege of attending a private boarding school and went to the best university in the country. Even got a good job right after graduation that I have had for 17 years. I didn't have any good reason like all those other guys is how I saw things...But soon I learned that addiction doesn't care about all of that. 22 years of abusing alcohol had taken its toll regardless and I committed to fixing myself...Then I struggled with the dogmatic nature of the treatment centre and the way AA was presented (things like SMART got a token mention; AA was pounded into us as the only way) and as an atheist the God and Higher Power stuff just didn't work for me. But I was able to look beyond that and get the the real meaning and intent of how AA helps people sober up and I molded it to fit in with what I could get behind. From then I was off to the races...The day I got out of the treatment centre I got my wife pregnant. After years of trying. It was a real testament to the value of my newfound sobriety...The next three months were terrific. Almost a whole new world. I was healthier happier saving money and continuing with my recovery. I voluntarily entered a monitoring program offered by my work which helps keep me on the straight and narrow by mandating regular meeting attendance and counselling plus I am subject to random urine testing. I was hesitant to do it at first but then realized that it was selfish to be that way. The monitoring was not done for me it was done to give peace of mind to my wife and my employer that they could rely on me and have confidence in my commitment...So things were going swimmingly. My fears about the affect it would have on my social life came to naught. I can easily and happily go out with friends to the pub and enjoy a root beer or two while they go through pitchers. All of my close friends know what is going on and all have been nothing but supportive. I even influenced my best friend to seek out treatment and now we have a weekly dinner and meeting date night. We're sobros...Then about a month ago my wife had a miscarriage. It was crushing. This symbol of my success was lost. But I didn't lose myself and I got through it without touching a drop. They talk in the rooms (and on here) about "one day at a time." And I get that sentiment. But for me if it truly was "one day at a time" there is one day that for sure I would have said fuck it and drank. But I didn't because I had more than one day I had 5 months of foundation that was solid as a rock to fall back on...Just as things were sort of returning to normalcy last week my wife ended up in the ER three separate nights. An infection possibly due to (or the cause of) the miscarriage. Hours in the hospital waiting. Not knowing what was happening. But still I had my foundation and my friends to fall back on. And we got through it...After all the good times where sobriety didn't seem like a struggle at all the other shoe dropped and real life kicked my ass. Maybe I needed that because it has reinvigorated my resolve. It has given me even more confidence. Confidence and optimism...Then last night I went out with my ultimate frisbee team after a game. They all know that I was a hearty drinker last season but none knew I had a serious problem or that I had quit drinking. As they talked about the refreshing beer they were going to have after a hard-fought game I was worried. Not about the environment being at a pub surrounded by people drinking because I can deal with that. But it was the first time out with people who didn't know. As I ordered my Arnold Palmer among all the lagers and IPAs and ciders I was anxious inside about what I would say. Anxiety that was pointless in the end as nobody even mentioned anything. At all. Nobody noticed and if they did nobody cared. That was a welcome relief...And now here I am. 200 days. Seems like less sometimes as the days have flown by. Seems like more sometimes as things have changed so drastically within me and how I feel about myself...I'm at the point now where I sometimes get surprised when I remember that I don't drink any more. The little itch in the back of my mind isn't constantly there. I'm just living my life the way I should have been before I wasted half of it. Fortunately I've got lots ahead of me...For all you new people or people coming back my advice is somewhat of an oxymoron. Make your recovery your own. Study what other people have done to be successful and personalize it to make it work for you. On the other hand connect with others so you don't have to do it alone. Reach out. Open up to those who you can and welcome them to share in your journey. Isolation was a big part of my drinking and now the opposite is true of my sobriety. It is through connection and relationships and honesty with people who care about me that I am where I am. That's what I have come to consider my higher power. It's the human relationships I have fostered after leaving them to fester for so long...And no matter what happens good or bad alcohol won't make any of it any better...Anyway cheers thanks for reading sorry it got so long and let's enjoy not drinking together.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. Thank you.
Congratulations on 200 days sober and thank you for writing this very inspiring post!  I raise my ice water w/lime slice to ya 'click-click'...I will not drink alcohol with you today.
Congrats! Great post;)
Congratulations Skaloop that's a great post. There's parts of your story that relate to my own. You're right about taking advice but making the journey your own. I feel that's been important for me and is what has kept me at it. I've done this for me first and foremost but also recognise that others close to me benefit too...I will not drink with you today.
Congrats on 200 days! Thanks for the post.
So much good in this post thank you for sharing. I relate very much to many of the things you said.
great post. i too feel guilty re addiction and having a cushy life. my parents are supportive high school and law school a breeze i have great friends good job. but im still waking up in a puddle of my own vomit after losing my licence for DUI .. again. 
Congratulations! This is a great journey that will just get better for you. I will not drink today with you!
I really enjoyed reading your post although sorry to hear of the hardships. I had a miscarriage years ago too but after a few years totally unexpected as I was told it was unlikely I would conceive I had healthy identical twin girls! Life sure plays mind games sometimes.
Love this. Congratulations on 200 days.
