-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mdu3u/relationships_venting/

I see a lot of people on here talking about how their alcoholism is ruining their relationships with their wives boyfriends etc. And it leaves me at a loss totally..I am utterly friendless and also relationship-less. (let me tell you loneliness is painful physically I feel it in my bones!) (I have not interacted with a friend in at least two years just on my own).If I had a good woman I lived with loved I think I would take sobriety so much more seriously. I am a quite good-looking young man (brag!) I am all the things young women seem to want - according to everything they post on social media (curious intelligent able to talk about science and Carl Sagan and the Big Bang and blow their minds and whatnot!) but I am quite moneyless - THIS is the deciding factor I've found..I am struggling so much as I am now totally without a relationship I can't imagine how much worse it could be if I had a girlfriend or lady friend..I might as well take up the whole MGTOW movement right now..Isaac Newton was a lifelong virgin and look how brilliant he was. Arthur Schopenhauer also.....................so much of my male brain goes towards getting females to like me.................I could well be done with women totally. Meh not such a great loss..I am trying to get sober while being totally alone I wish nothing but the best for all the people in relationships..Vent over.  ..  .
----------immediate responses--------

I will try to respond as kindly as possible. Based on your badge you are still in the early days of sobriety.  In my opinion any relationship formed when one is drinking or newly sober is built on sand.  Stay around and you will change into the type of person you are meant to be. All the time in the world is ahead of you.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upnrXooMh4s..I can relate.   
&gt;I would take sobriety so much more seriously...Why?..&gt;THIS is the deciding factor..How do you know money is the deciding factor?...
[deleted]
I concentrated on getting and staying sober before I tried to repair any relationship. Alcohol certainly never helped me with any relationship.
&gt; (curious intelligent able to talk about science and Carl Sagan and the Big Bang and blow their minds and whatnot!) but I am quite moneyless - THIS is the deciding factor ..This makes no sense to me. Women are smart people. We don't need or want to have our minds "blown" by you. Maybe it's *this* stereotyping behavior that's the problem and not money.
