-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4me0vc/day_3_and_i_need_advice_struggling/

I've been coming to this sub-reddit for a year now and I have relapsed a bunch. I usually get 40-50 days clean then relapse for a week or two then do it over again. I got 90 days this past attempt but relapsed in early May. Now I'm on day 3 and I already feel like giving up. I already feel like not putting in the work. I hate constantly obsessing about drinking. I've read a million books including the Allen Carr book. The big book...What the fuck is wrong with me? I'm 37 years old and I'm tired of this back and forth shit. I know my wife is barely speaking to me at this point for all the times I've promised that "this time I mean it." "This time I will make it work." "Oh maybe I should moderate for a while." "Should I drink again?" "Should I stay sober?" God I'm fucking annoying. No wonder she won't talk to me right now. I swear I'm more annoying when I'm not drinking. I've never had health problems. Never had a DUI. Never gotten fired because of booze. That type of shit is fuel on my fragile alcoholic mind. I start thinking "oh I'm not really that bad - I just like to drink."..I go to AA although I don't believe in god. I "had" a sponsor and we were up to step 8 when my last relapse occurred. I've gone to meetings the past 3 days but my heart simply doesn't feel into it. I am very open to suggestions from you guys. The struggle is real. I do enjoy drinking sometimes but I always get to a point where I've been drunk like 5 nights in a row and I am completely miserable and that's when I make the promise to quit to myself. Cunning baffling and powerful - no doubt. Sorry for the stream of random thoughts. I'm at work and feeling very angry depressed and sad...
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! I see you've been here for awhile and have had some success but this line struck me... "I've never had health problems. Never had a DUI. Never gotten fired because of booze. That type of shit is fuel on my fragile alcoholic mind. I start thinking "oh I'm not really that bad - I just like to drink." I wonder if you've seen this post... it really helped me figure out where I was and how I needed to quit. Anyway welcome back and good luck. Let us know how your recovery goes. ..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link..
[deleted]
Keep at it my friend. I eventually found myself working the steps exactly as they are outlined in the big book and began praying to a God I didn't believe in.  As a result I stayed sober.  And eventually I found my spirituality in sobriety.  Don't over think that word spirituality.  My spirituality is very simple.  It's about being grounded in the reality of today.  It's about being someone who gives more than he takes. It's about knowing right from wrong and making effort to do right.  Spiritual principles can be simple and so can spirituality.   You got this!  If you can do 90 days you can do 6 months.  I know you can.  Give yourself the chance to become a person who doesn't obsess over alcohol.  Sometimes that takes a little time - but it will be worth it.  I promise.....
Have you considered going to treatment? You can have a chemical dependency evaluation performed and then follow the recommendations. Addiction is insidious. It will make you think that there is nothing wrong with you. It will convince you to latch onto any little thing possible in order to get you back to drinking again. ..If we want things to be different we need to do things differently. 
Rehab saved my life. 
Thanks for all the responses people. After eating some food I calmed down a bit. Reading your advice certainly helped a lot too. I'm just having to take this journey minute by minute at this point. I love this community. 
I continued to show up even if my heart was not into it. Eventually the mind caught up with the body and things got better. I know plenty of agnostic folks in AA. The God part is optional. I would look online to find an agnostic AA meeting and they certainly do exist. It looks like the consequences have not been that severe but from my experience they are out there.
It sounds like you still have a little voice whispering to you that you can drink "normally" and so you don't take your efforts as seriously as you might if you knew for certain that *any* drinking at all would lead to a worsening of your relationship with your wife and a worsening of your state of mind.  I really hope that you get to that level of commitment before an outside force makes the decision for you.  ..Do you really want that DUI or possibly even to injure/kill someone before you really commit?  What will it take **right now** to convince you that you must not drink *at all*?  ..What happens when you get to that relapse point?  Can you do something different when you feel it coming on?  How about posting here as soon as you feel that craving or internal bargaining?  Can you tell your wife when you're feeling the urge?  How can you get it out of your head and in front of others who can help you stop the pattern?  ..I really really want you to succeed.  I've seen you on here for a while and I feel for you.  Sending you a big hug!
Hello my friend.  I noticed your reply to one of the comments "I really do want to be sober".  For me this has been the key for my latest sobriety journey (longest in 12 years)...this time I really really WANT to be sober for ME...selfish? Oh yeah -- but just like the L'Or al ad says I'm worth it!  You are worth it too Cheese I'll not drink alcohol with you today.
40-50 day stretches is pretty fantastic. Yeah it's not your goal but don't let all that hard work seem like nothing. In that time your body changed and healed itself. You worked through a lot of issues I'm sure psycologically and I'm sure you'll be able to use all of those experiences. 
