-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mhkzd/noticed_a_pattern_for_my_relapses/

This is what happens:..First week - pretty easy no real cravings.Second week - start to feel a lot better physically but mentally stressed out.After the two week mark feeling more stressed out isolated angry etc etc. and decide that fuck it this isn't working - back to square one. Luckily this time without completely wrecking myself...Now I _know_ from experience that after the first three or four weeks this gets so much easier for me but that knowledge doesn't really help in those moments. I think I'll go to a meeting tomorrow what have I got to lose? That's pretty much the one thing I haven't tried yet. I think there's one for younger people (I'm 34) too not too far from where I live.
----------immediate responses--------

For me meetings and fellowship were essential to my success.  My condition is patient.  It'll let me have a little latitude (a day a week etc) let me off the leash a little bit but then yank me back to its yoke.  The invidious part is that is after a "little success" it then whispers more to me about "you know you can't *really* do this".  It uses each slip to reinforce its hold on me...My condition can beat me "alone".  But it can't beat my support and fellowship.  I was advised in the beginning "do 90 meetings in 90 days".  I was so desperate and so fearful of failure that I did 147 in 90 days.  I've never looked back.  I've never been happier...Peace be with you.  Just for Today I don't Drink with You.
&gt;and decide that fuck it this isn't working ..One of the things I realized is that if alcohol was so good at enhancing my life shouldn't my life have been much better when I decided to quit?The impaired decision making process of the alcoholic mind is truly bewildering...
I had the same experience - that second week is a ****!  I was hoping the anger wouldn't last too long and it didn't.  I want to avoid having to experience that infuriating week again so I think I'll give the booze a miss.  Thanks for the post. 
