-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mmvr1/45_days_pickle_reporting_in/

I've been meaning to open big mouth for the last week or so to write something about progress  so I can look back but life  has been busy and I didn't take the time. This morning not even the dog is here and there are few minute. I feel I should apologise for rambling but you know what...  you'll be fine :P I apologise too much for not the importnt things and not enough for the rest maybe..This has kind of gone from a short progress post to some essay of navel gaing...I failed a lot before in the last six or seven years did not expect this to go easy or well. It has been not so bad surprisingly. Now i'm busy and completely gave my life a new structure.  I can cope with chaos but not as much as i've often lived in- I need certain amount of structure. Reconising I need this and it's ok to stick by this is one piece of progress by itself. . Since the start this year I have a changed mindset now.... difficult to explain but I feel like something in my head went "click" after all that has happened. Now i'm seeing everything not just drinking from a different point of view...Forty three dys now with no drinking but this process goes before that- certainly because of experiences i've had since January but I think through all the past failures too. On some levels I was learning I couldn't put the pieces together..Since getting counselling I start to realise that my outlook and some of my ideas/assumptions do not match reality. I knew but beginning to see just how much. Among other things I have always struggled with interpreting people's tone of voice facial expressions  even humour etc sometimes  nd often this isn't correct. This leads to awkward situations and I hate feeling embarrassed or stupid- so I am defensive or avoid if I can. I put myself in a lot of pressure  and this leads to frustration.  I won't bore you with the rest but they wanted to test me for "autistic tendencies" at the ripe old age of 28. Not sure how I feel about that honestly so I put it aside for now. Point is - seeing patterns is helpful in making sense rather than just getting myself in knots and then drinking to escape..I let a lot of my own old baggage distort the world around me and people in general. Man my brain is some lovely kind of messed up pick-and-mix. ..Drinking just makes all this worse.  Psychologically I think i'm in better shape than ever I was. When it gets too much for me now I work on trying to figure it out rather than drinking- or I run. I have tools. Mostly I just focus on going one day at a time...Alcohol does not cause some of these issues but it exacerbates--- even the ones I would kid myself that it helps. And it gives all new issues of it's own.What lies we can tell ourselves to put heads in the sand..So hi i'm HippyPickle i'm alcoholic. I've been going around and round in circles but now i've fallen off the lunatic cart and landed here - hopefully for good. Aren't you all lucky!  Since I stopped drinking:..* Lost weight though I can't know how much.* Rediscovered how much I love music. Reading too. Things that used to be my escape before alcohol gradually took over. It takes time to play again I feel guilty but I will. Now i'm listening..* I look healthier. In some pictures taken yesterday I look already a different person..* I took a new job and doing pretty well so far. It's not the job of dreams but I have money to pay debts and a structure to put life back together. A new environment to practice dealing with people. It's stressful but it doesn't have to be the end of the world every day..* Letting myself deal with people on my own terms more- don't "have" to do most things or feel guilty if I don't/can't. Focus on what is important..* Improved relationship with partner. Things are going well he's been very patient which is appreciated. Because sometimes i'm struggling with re-evaluating everything..* Actually managing to work on counselling tools instead of throwing up hands. Generally I realise i'm happier. And I sleep more/better overall- because I get things done and tire myself outside...Most changes are positve. But I still feel in 2016 the rug was swept from under my feet. I lived sort of detached for so long getting used to being tuned into life in HD is both fascinating and overwhelming. I hve to bemindful about myself..One of the things that changed- I just realised- actually now I believe I /can/ do this - on some level more than before.  Life is short and it is up to us to make the most of it- we can but we must work at it. It just makes me very sad that it took losing two very important people this year and a traumatic event to make it sink in. ..I wanted to say thank you to SD- this is what is helping keep me on track. Sometimes I comment sometimes I just creepily spy on you all from the shadows. But every day I come in here and read the posts when I feel prickly. You guys rock :).My life and me changing for the better. ..This weekend my partner went away and I don't work. In the past that would have been an excuse to lie about the house getting wasted maybe - to "relax". I've only been tempted once.  Yesterday I was up bright and early and drove several hours to pick up friends- we went on road trip along the coasts hiking climbing rocks talking because we actually have the same interests- it was a wonderful perfect day. The idea of stopping for some drinks on the way home came to me though for a few seconds. "Nobody would know"- but then I would. Why ruin that lovely day? I came home...I have no fucking idea where the point of this is going now I lost focus so here it ends. The difference between [this](http://imgur.com/a/ztb6t) and lying around feeling like a ombie is alcohol. Even when it isn't easy I know what I prefer..Keep at it--- remember you can do this. Today is the most important day ;)....edit- for once I type on a computer but my keybord has some keys malfunctioning still. Please mind the gaps......
----------immediate responses--------

That is a beautiful post.  I feel like commenting on each and every line because they all say something meaningful about your journey so far.  I am sorry you lost two people important to you but I am glad you found you along the way.  .The autism diagnosis might be a useful framework to help you make sense of some stuff but it does not have to be any more important than that! Just a useful perspective on how you might be experiencing life...I am so with you on the growing understanding of how my assumptions and perspectives really don't match reality.... It made things a whole lot more easier for me once I accepted I really know nothing in the greater scheme of things!..You deserve your star you sound like a really interesting person.  Congratulations on the star and the personal growth that came with it.
This was a great story one of the first I read today and very relatable for me.  Thanks for updating!
HippyPickle this was so perfect for me this morning. I can relate to so many things you shared and feel for at least a moment less anxious in my own life by seeing the reflection in yours. Thank you. 
Keep on keeping on Sir Pickle!
Great post hippypickle!
Congratulations on 45 days! What beautiful pictures thank you for sharing them. Isn't it amazing that when we make decisions not to drink we experience so much of the wonderful things in this world? It sounds like so much of your life has improved from your weight to your relationship I'm so happy for you :)
I really enjoyed reading your progress and perspectives. A lot here that resonates for me. Keep up the good work. One day at a time.
