-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mnu00/im_starting_to_think_i_belong_here/

Dear /r/stopdrinking..I've been struggling with my drinking and I'm worried that it could be classified as alcohol dependence. Drinking has become a way out of something deeper inside that keeps tugging at my sleeve that I struggle to articulate...In some sense I'm doing well. I have a loving girlfriend with whom I bought a house and we're moving more and towards 'the family path' which is awesome. I have a good position at a renowned research institute which involves a nice amount of responsibilities and a whole lot of freedom to write research and engage in scholarly communication...It's hard to say when drinking starting to become an issue but there's no doubt in my mind it interferes with my life. Although I only drink on weekends and the odd day during the week I spend a lot of time each week to recover from drinking. My weeks look something like this: ..* Monday is usually spent feeling groggy and tired like a transitional day to recover from the weekend. .* Tuesday to Friday: work like a monk. .* Friday evening: drinking starts pretty much when I get home from work which usually involves beers and a glass of wine. Sometimes something stronger like bourbon or gin. .* During the day on Saturday I do some errands and cleaning around the house and we go out in the evening. Saturdays are somewhat worse than Friday in that I tend to drink more. .* Sunday is quiet spent doing not that much simply because I'm too tired. .* Rinse and repeat...I just love the ritual exploring exotic tastes (my favourite justification as of late) and the buzz I get from alcohol. ..I'm worried about this pattern because once I start drinking I cannot stop even though I know it interferes with my life. I struggle to get things done in the house (some DIY projects have been delayed over and over again) and my creative output (music) has dwindled to zero...I tend to go back and forth during every week hating myself Sunday-Tuesday and functioning pretty well from Wednesday to Friday. The weekends are like a dream. I feel stunned like swimming in lukewarm water. Fatigue has gotten the best of me and I feel like a drone working from weekend to weekend. ..Today I decided enough is enough and wanted to share my story with all of you. If you have any recommendations in terms of how you dealt with alcohol I'd love to hear them. Any tips on books are also more than welcome. In some way I even look forward to the journey even though abstinence will be difficult :-(..TLDR: alcohol reduces me to someone I feel unhappy with yet I keep drinking for reasons I don't exactly understand. I want to open the floodgates and let it all out trying something different...EDIT: incomplete sentence...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I like Allen Carr's book.
I found *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam interesting and educational. It had a profound impact on me and helped me understand and accept my alcoholism. 
I used to just do the weekend thing similar to you and not even every weekend either. It was how i fooled myself for so long that I was ok. Of course I'd have periods in life where I'd drink at night when everyone in bed but usually right self to just occasional weekends. Then last year right set of stressors hit and I dived into the bottle hard. Went to daily and not when everyone was asleep. Such a mess and quitting was also hard - 3 months of tripping and stumbling before I got traction.       .I share that with you as a cautionary tale that alcohol dependence or an emotional dependence to it is a progressive thing. It may be a problem one or two days a week but it can gradually (or on a dime) turn into a bigger issue so be wary.          ..Substitute drinks can be really important. I'm a fan of la croix seltzer or mixing soda and juice. Some folks turn into coffee and tea connoisseurs appealing to the inner alcohol gourmand. To stop it often takes breaking the cycle a few times and traction can be gained. I'd plan on stocking up on an NA drink and tackling a DIY for next couple weekends. Hopefully the accomplishment of getting shit done instead of being drunk wasting time can convince the lizard brain of the greater satisfaction from project completion. It helps me. 
I've been reading Habits of a Happy Brain. Learning about the chemicals in my brain and what they do has really helped give me both perspective and coping mechanisms. 
Click on OspreySoaring and read his profile blogs. His advice is very helpful. He has some time under his belt and a good perspective in my opinion. He helped me get started and gain some traction as he calls it. At 51 I am making a change in my lifestyle without alcohol. You are in the right place if you want support with no judgement. Welcome.
