-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mqlvs/is_relapse_a_part_of_recovery/

I'm sure maybe this is more opinion than fact based but I'm interested to know what you guys think. Is relapse a part of recovery? Or is that just a lie we tell ourselves to make us feel less guilty? .I for one hope that it's part of recovery because I hate to admit it but I have relapsed. I'm still new to the whole process in the first place and this is my first one since admitting I have a problem. I put in a request to reset my badge so that's not accurate. It's really just extremely discouraging to know that I have to start over and that there's a possibility that it could happen again before I'm better. .Regardless don't sugar coat it folks. I'd like to hear honest opinions. So lay it on me.
----------immediate responses--------

At my smart meetings we talk about this every couple of weeks or so: Relapse can be a part of recovery but it doesn't have to be. I started my sober journey December 1 2015 and until 49 days ago was never able to get more than 10 days without slipping. Each time I slipped though I learned something about myself and my relationship with alcohol that has been able to get me where I am today. I couldn't think of my relapses as failures but bumps on my road to sobriety. ..Some people are 'lucky' I guess that they could just quit and be done both my grandparents did it...but I needed to make mistakes along the way to learn. 
Relapse has not been a part of my recovery and I have no plans that it will happen...Relapse however does happen frequently for some. 
In my opinion each person has their own path. Some choose to drink once they've stopped (relapse) others don't. ..I don't think it's helpful for people to beat themselves up too much over something they can't change (ie. A relapse that had already happened.)...The only thing I can control are my actions going forward and I can't say my plan going forward any better than how my buddy /u/ninjilla said in her [Saturday share](https://m.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oadgw/i_can_have_drinkingor_i_can_have_everything/).&gt;Relapse will not be a part of my story. I know there's danger in saying this but I am saying it anyway. There is no loophole for me no possible way that I will think it's okay to consume alcohol again.
Absolutely not. Not any more than driving while drunk is part of owning a car. ..Whether you quit quitting or not is entirely within your own control...**Edit:** In the interest of full disclosure I should say that I recently relapsed on chocolate chips. Real recently. Like 5 minutes ago.  That's different. 
Both types of experience really occur for people; quitting drinking once and for all with no relapse and also multiple relapses possibly leading to eventual recovery. We see evidence of both types of recovery process all the time on this subreddit so there is officially no answer to this question. I fail to see the purpose in speculating about this. We could juggle words forever about whether you are officially in recovery or a relapse or other words that start with R. I think if you're here and you're sharing and you're striving to regain your health then that's probably  better than yesterday and I'm glad you're here. &lt;3..I notice a line in your post where you mention you're scared this could "happen" again. When I catch myself thinking like that I try to adjust my internal monologue. "I'm scared I might make this same bad choice again." That's easier for me to deal with. I can work with my own thoughts and actions in the meantime so that good choices get easier every day. This is less like a relapse monster coming to get me and more like empowering my own choices. It's still scary. Good to talk about though to take some of the shame and confusion away. I hope you get some reassuring stories here.
It doesn't have to be but for some people it is.  Every journey is going to be different.  Personally I have relapse about 4 times and each time there has been a great lesson that I have learned and it has been necessary for me to come to grips with my addiction.
Its part of recovery in the beginning stages because of how easy it is to fall back during that stage. After a while and a good amount of time under your belt it is less of a chance to fall back. If you do momentarily it can be considered a slip up. But it is extremely dangerous. Just remind yourself of not being in control and how something very unfortunate can occur. I am answering this question because about 2 days ago I experienced an immense craving after visiting an old bar restaurant to watch a Copa game and I have not felt that ever since January 29th. It was very scary I felt the anxiety it was horrible. Then later that night I was feeling sooo much better but I experienced an anxiety attack. It just made me think back of how I missed iop and that I needed to attend some sort of meeting. I also read online that you should give yourself two hours before you make that drastic decision. It indeed went away a bit sooner than that. 
Doesn't have to be.  ..Or it is until it isn't.
I decided I had to quit in a september and didn't actually stay quit till November. I don't necessarily consider thoses lapses tho it was just me stumbling around and adding tools and layers to my attempt. Now that I've cleared a 6 month hurdle (longest dry in ~16 years) I consider myself truly sober. I will not relpase. More importantly I don't *have* to. It's my choice. 
If you drank today you are not in recovery.  If you didn't drink today you are in recovery.  Black and white.   
It can be but it doesn't have to be.
An addict cannot 'relapse' while in addiction.  A person in recovery is abstaining.  Relapse is neither addiction nor recovery - it's the behaviours that lead one from recovery into addiction.  
It's like me with cigarettes keep quitting and keep starting back again. Yes numerous attempts and numerous relapses. It's that little monkey on my back. 
I drank alcoholically for 30 years became active in AA and have been sober 12.  During my 30 alcoholic years I had many warnings to stop and red flags that I did not heed.  My opinion based on thousands of meetings and many friends and acquaintances in recovery is that the word "relapse" is frequently misused to describe what is really just a failed attempt to stop drinking.  I experienced many of those before starting to recover. ..If I drink Monday night feel wretched on Tuesday swear to quit and then relapse on Tuesday night I have not really relapsed but instead what I have really done is to continue drinking or in other words I failed to stop.  However if I make a sincere and honest attempt at treatment and recovery and successfully accumulate some clean and sober time then I may experience relapse because I actually had experienced some modicum of the condition of sobriety from which to relapse into the disease. ..Not to minimize any amount of time not drinking because all of us start with Day 1 but it takes more time than we want to believe to actually work any kind of recovery program and begin to heal in body mind and spirit.  That said if I drank only 7 days out of the past 30 instead of my historical 28 days out of 30 then I have made significant positive progress even if I don't have real recovery from which to relpase.  Best wishes to you for a full and complete recovery with the absolute minimum relapses.
[removed]
I don't believe it is. If you compare with someone who has cancer relapse is a part of illness not recovery. That being said relapse will happen and don't approach it with more hate but just what you can do to move forward. I relapsed and survived and hey it might happen again it might not...Have you ever read in the 'realm of hungry ghosts' by Dr. Gabor Mate? Highly recommend. 
No recovery is getting to the point where you don't relapse. It may be part of your story but it's not recovery.
Relapse was part of my journey. I had to use my relapses to DO something different. ..It isn't a necessary part of the process imho. But for those of us who relapse what helped me was learning from it and doing something different.
Relapse doesn't have to be a part of recovery. But you know what? There's good news for you! I don't feel any different about someone who relapses than someone who stays sober and I doubt anyone else does either. You make a new commitment to staying sober and you take it one day at a time. We're here for you. And we believe in you!
Everyones story is different. Personally i have slipped many times since i first started trying to quit. Every time i do slip i wake up with a renewed sense of why i want to quit. When i was first in recovery i relapsed and would go maybe 1 or 2 days a week without drinking in the past month ive drank maybe 8-10 nights. Considering that i was a daily binge drinker i will still call that progress and after every slip i find it easier to say no to alcohol. ..After 6 months of trying to quit i can only now see my future without alcohol. Up until this point i didnt beleive i was capable of quitting...But please dont take this as an excuse to relapse. Our brains have a very powerful sense of persuasion. After reading about people relapsing in recovery your brain will try to tell you "go ahead and drink these other people relapsed early on so theres no harm in a few nights getting wasted."
Oneof the prominent theories of behavior change is the transtheoretical model  also called the stages of change.   In that model  relapse is portrayed outside the circle  it happens and can be an opportunity for learning.   Behavior change is very difficult and many people who drink excessively are using the dining as a means to cope.   I'd the person doesn't develop effective ways to cope they revert to prior behavior  drinking. .I will also encourage you to examine your relapse.   How and when did it start?   If you examine the situation you will probably see it began with a shift in thinking much earlier than when you actually drank.  .Also  good on you for catching yourself and getting back on track
No not in my opinion.  If I thought it was I probably would of and that would of caused a lot of unnecessary heartache to the people I love and to myself.  
Many of us have not stayed on the path in our first attempt. It does not have to be part of recovery and I have seen many people go back out over the years and some come back and some do not. The one's that I have seen come back have never told me how great it was.
It can be but doesn't have to be. I relapsed a lot since I started recovery a little over a year ago. I always try to learn something from it though. I look for what I did leading up to it how I felt etc. and put it in a journal. I learn things about myself what to do next time what it feels like when I'm starting to slip (even before I drink or use). ..They keep getting worse this is a progressive thing. But this last one (a new bottom) really spring shot me into a new way of doing things and wanting sobriety more than anything. Good luck!..EDIT: Oh I also note the progress I've made too. My stints of sobriety do get longer as I learn. I really hope this was the last one but all I can do is worry about not drinking today. Also my body got a chance to heal up some during those months so it's not all bad and I don't feel like it's like starting over. But since I committed to recovery I know I am responsible for taking that first drink especially since I have tools to use now.
Relapse is part of some people's recovery. It has not been part of my recovery and I intend to keep it that way. I believe relapse is a choice and is preventable / avoidable. I will do my best each day to avoid it.
The important thing is that you came back. ..For me relapse is not a part of recovery but coming back after one definitely is!
I don't "relapse" - I just give up. If I drink one night I'm drinking when I wake up or the next day for sure. I went for six months last year and decided "I could have a beer". I'm only on day 13 now since then and I was worse than the first time I tried to quit drinking. I don't want to relapse anymore. 
Relapse is a part of many people's recovery and there is no shame in it...
