-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mtvfz/relapsed_and_have_extreme_anxiety/

A quick backstory: I started drinking heavily middle of last year took a week to 10 days off here and there but ended up drinking daily. A bottle of wine or more...I did about 40 days at the start of the year and then went back to drinking on weekends. A month or so later I was drinking almost daily. I stopped drinking again at the start of April. I lasted about three weeks and had one drink with dinner a few times after that. I thought after that I could moderate. ..Early May I ended up at a party with free booze and drank a ton. That triggered something and I've been drinking a load every weekend but of course it extends from Thursday through Monday. My one saving grace is that I vomit while I am drinking (intentionally). The times I haven't I've drank less and been extremely unwell the next day. So I'm guessing I've vomited at least half of what I've drank...I see my badge from the last time I quit and I feel like crying. Why can't I moderate? Why could I moderate for a few weeks but no longer? I've binged for three weekends now and after each one I have said no more...Well now I have extreme anxiety. I mean I have bad anxiety anyway. I'm paranoid about a million different things and right now that thing is my drinking. Every ache and pain is something caused by my excessive drinking. Obviously the thing to do is go and see my doctor however I haven't been to the doctor in years and I'm scared this will affect my insurance. I'm drinking lots of water and going to focus on eating healthily...Any advice would be really helpful. Today day 1 of hopefully many I'm not drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Early May I ended up at a party with free booze and drank a ton...Honestly this illustrates what I always say there is no "free booze."..As to the anxiety I'd highly recommend the emergency room and possibly detox services.  When you're ready to begin a daily regimen again I found the [Baby Steps worked for me even when I came back from relapse in 2009.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Seeing your doctor isn't going to affect your insurance in any way. 
&gt;My one saving grace is that I vomit while I am drinking (intentionally). ..Yeah I did that almost every night I drank before I went to sleep. So glad I haven't had to do that for alcohol again. I couldn't moderate either or didn't really want to moderate actually is more accurate. I can tell you that all my drinking anxiety left when I stopped drinking for a while. Not sure if that helps. Good luck. Hang in there.
&gt; had one drink with dinner a few times..For me I never really wanted one drink with dinner - I wanted to binge drink and not suffer the consequences which is obviously impossible.
I vomited too and I actually thought it made a difference. Yea right. The vile taste sore esophagus heartburn..all made it even worse. I actually had a puking process where I'd put a napkin over my shirt tie my hair back in a ponytail with a clean tissue (my purse was like a luggage mouthwash antibacterial wipes and all). Fucked up a few times by leaving the tissue in my hair lol! Anyway I'm so glad those days are over :)
