-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mwn7k/had_my_first_relapse_this_weekend/

I keep flip flopping between telling myself "you only lasted 11 days. That's pitiful." to "wow you lasted 11 days! That's progress!"..During our last session my counsellor asked me "How are you going to feel if you relapse. How do you think you'll deal with that?"..I came back with a confident "everybody makes mistakes. I'll just tell myself that I made a mistake and will be kind and forgiving to myself."..Well this weekend proves that I really overestimated the positivity in my reaction. ..When I woke up Sunday I started immediately dragging myself through the mud. Telling myself how awful weak and stupid I was for drinking. I cried for hours just feeling sorry for myself and wishing I had booze around the house so I could drink and pass out for awhile.  ..But I didn't drink.  Eventually I went to a friend's house and had a lazy day trying to forget about the night before.  Now I'm back to being determined that I'm going to stop drinking. I had a small taste of what my life was like before and it's not appealing. ..Has anyone else gone through this?..Been so certain you'd treat yourself with kindness if you slipped up but when it comes down to it just treated yourself terribly?.How do you deal with the emotions after a relapse?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the 11 days! It still counts. Perhaps more important than the length of time you stayed sober you learned something from the experience! You learned that it wasn't as easy as you thought it might be to rebound from a relapse. ..The way have dealt with emotions following a relapse is by being patient and seeking help from others. I have to remind myself that it takes time to feel better. I have to remind myself of what I did wrong this time around without beating myself up. 
You should have titled your post **had my last relapse this weekend** but anyhow you didn't.  I had a relapse in the beginning too.  Same thing I was attending a course and they said that relapse was part of the process or recovery so I thought to myself if it is part of the process sure I may as well just go ahead and get it over with. I caused a lot of damage during that relapse.  The point I am trying to make is that relapse does not have to be part of the process.  It is a choice we make.  ..I dealt with it by resolving not to drink today and so on.  I beat myself up for a while but time will sort that out.  You do not need to relapse again.  Best of luck at least you made it back  :)
I think emotions are rough and deceiving the first couple days after stopping drinking unfortunately i got really good at being hungover and learned to understand my emotions where probably not acting reasonably so i would just ignore it for a few days.  
