-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4n2cpm/so_happy_i_stuck_with_it_life_is_awesome_never/

2.6 years ago I found this sub and I'm here to tell ya'll YOU FUCKING SAVED MY LIFE. I never believed I would be the one to say this but I am so grateful that I am sober today. For all you newbies if I can do it you can. I'm a 52 year old female and I was a late stage bottom drunk. I was a serial relapser and drank at least a fifth of hard liquor a day. The first few months were rough but I was WILLING and I listened to folks and let them tell me what to do. There's more than one path to sobriety and this group is great because it has lots of perspective from both within AA and out. I hope everyone finds their way because I'm living proof that it is so worth it. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Great to see thi
Yep so far this sobriety thing is working out for me too. I shall also stick with it! 
Yes! Awesome 
Very encouraging! Thanks so much for this post. Congratulations on your new life.
Thanks for this post! Glad to hear you're doing great!
Great choice! Not drinking is really a small price to pay to get back your entire life. And a life with no more drinking problems.
Thanks for that!
So happy for you!!
So awesome! Thank you for sharing!! Congrats! 
logged onto my computer and the first thing I did was open this post.  Thank you for a wonderful start to my day - You are incredible!!!
That's an amazing outcome it never ceases to surprise me how we try and try and try until eventually the little switch in our brain switches to the off position and we succeed.  It really is a case of if at first you don't succeed try and try again.  Congratulations.
This sub has been tremendously helpful to me in my early sobriety. Everyone's stories of struggle and success have been inspiring. 
Lol didn't mean to scare you! My phone does that to me on this site for s
Thank you for this very inspirational post &amp; Congratulations on 975 days ArtLover! 
Love to read This 
I used to get bad hangovers. Three years without a hangover is paradise.
Congratulations (: What a huge success.
