-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4n9t3t/super_long_rambling_post_about_how_i_am_scared_of/

I am writing this for a few reasons. One is to share. Because I did something I am really proud of and writing this and sharing this experience solidifies things for me. It gives me a record of the good I did tonight. And I wanted to share because this forum popped into my head when I did myself this solid. I did the infamous "play it forward" and it landed me here. In front of the computer with a cup of tea covered in ant body parts. But let me rewind a bit..I have had a tough week. I had an argument with my partner. our past arguments weren't the reason I drank but I certainly drank much larger quantities when we did. I got past all the yucky feelings associated with our argument went to meetings(new for me) stayed on course with my work outs and let the roller coaster feeling ride right over me willing to be crushed. I felt all my pain and I did it sober and I survived it with more tools...That was this week. Fast forward to tonight. I worked the door for a friends fashion event this evening. Not a regular thing but they do shows about 2xs a year and I did their first event so now they call me every time they have a show. My job is easy. I just check in all the fabulous (smirk) attendees at the main desk and ask an usher to seat them. Super easy and I make a nice check. Tonight's event was in a upscale bar/club venue. My booth is right by the bar. The bartenders are brothers who grew up with my brothers and they know me as a drinker. Of course I get offered shots but I refuse and quite easily. The night drags on. I am supposed to work the door until 2 am so I drink an energy drink at 8 to push through. Several people are smoking cigs outside and I watch them. It looks glorious. I want to join them but I gave up cigs 5 months ago when I quit booze.  It seems like a long sort of boring night and my social anxiety is kicking in and all the fabulous people are either pompous drunks on my nerves or too friggin nice and I feel awkward having to force myself to have conversation over blaring too loud bad top 40 hip hop. ( I love hip hop just not this  garbage ) The night is saved when I am cut at 10 because of a promotion mix up and some other event is supposed to start at 10. So I head home and realize I am way too buzzed on caffeine to just go home and go to bed. No one is home my partner is out of town daughter is at my dads and I don't want to be alone. I hate being alone. I have watched way too many episodes of Forensic Files in my day so although I keep my house locked up tight and have home protection I STILL HATE BEING ALONE. Sigh. Deep breath. I have no where to go though. I can't go wake up my poor dad and baby because I am 40 and scared of the dark. I can't go to a bar. So I go home and start pacing. I can't handle it here either. I strip off the pajamas I just put on and put on a 'casual' dress. I will go to the bar and see my 'friend' the bartender. You know my good friend that I only saw at the bar who I haven't seen since I have been sober except liking one anothers pics on Instagram. I am only going to grab some food I tell myself. Calm down play some Big Buck maybe and come home. I start getting ready to walk out the door and this subreddit just popped right in. Play it forward it tells me. Ok.. So I go to the bar. Even if I don't drink wtf am I doing there? I don't even eat bar food. I haven't had fried food or a bun in months. Ok so I will have a bun free burger. Hmmm...right...and come right back home? To the home alone situation you are going to a bar of all places to escape? YOU DONT EVEN EAT RED MEAT ANYMORE. So theres nothing for me to eat. What are the chances I drink? And what if I get pulled over coming home? What if I get a DUI? What if I hit someone or smash into a fence or hit a parked car? WHAT THEN?.Breathe. Relax. I walk back in to my room. Put back on my pajamas. Start some sleepytime tea. Find I have an ant invasion on my kitchen counter. I had left a slice of avocado on a paper towel on the counter. Apparently ants fucking love avocado. I pick up the paper towel and millions of ants and in an act of kindness decide to put the whole new farm outside so they may live to see another slice of avocado. Several ants crawl all over me. Im swiping them off for a good half an hour leaving little ant parts all over but no way am I taking a shower in this paranoid state of mind (I see you scary shower scene) so I just keep trying to brush them off. And I realize something. I would rather be anxietied out of my brain and covered in ant guts than to drink again. I am scared out of my mind (Im quitting caffeine next I swear) but I am terrified of who I was when I was drinking. Next SD thought - picking up a drink is a sober decision. One that though I may forgive myself for I may not have that opportunity TO forgive because if I drink the possibility that I may die doing so far outweighs anything else that I fear could harm me tonight..I used baby wipes for the ant guts tea for the anxiety and this forum for peace. I am so very sorry for the long rambling post. If you made it this far you have born witness to the closest and I mean the cloooooosest I have come to drinking in the last five months. I feel like I have accomplished a great personal triumph. This night carries so much meaning and although tame now that I re-read what I wrote was a precipice for me. Thank you SD for inspiring me with your words and stories and struggles and triumphs. Because of you I DID NOT DRINK TODAY..Edit to add I did manage to shower this morning :)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I would rather be anxietied out of my brain and covered in ant guts than to drink again. ..Now that is some honest stuff right there. I'm glad to hear that you were able to play the tape forward and make it through those urges! I'll join you in celebrating with a late night Lacroix. Fuck the zero.
"With a cup of tea covered in ant body parts"............My first thought was "Wow a post from AntMan!"..As I continued reading and more fully appreciated the work and progress of facing fears and anxieties how you processed the numerous opportunities to be pulled in an undesirable direction I realized "no it's not AntMan it's '*Super Sober Person!*. Here to share *strength experience and hope!*. ..Great job!..In celebration I Don't Drink with You Today.
great post very inspiring amazing job! thank you. i will not drink with you today :-)
Fuck all these ants lately! I wish my dogs would eat them they kill and eat everything else...Good.for.you..Way to allow yourself to be alone!
Sorry you have anxiety about being at home.  I stopped watching shows on television that were based around murder rape etc. one of my daughter's favorite shows is just like this. It started having an effect on my mental well being as I was watching more and more of it.  (Criminal Minds). I finally just stopped watching that shit and feel better for it.  Congrats on not drinking.  
This is a huge success! I just started to learn how to play the tape in my head also it's a huge benefit when I see everyone else in the world having fun but myself.  I play the tape forward and...bam my longing to have that kind of fun is replaced with the confidence of a sober person. 
I like your point about drinking being a sober decision - and am glad you made the right decision for yourself ants and all! (Ew...)
[deleted]
So glad you made it through that's awesome! Sleepytime tea (the 'Extra' version) is definitely my nightly go-to. I'd be lost without it :)
