-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nej3j/setting_boundaries_with_alcoholic_friend/

I have been struggling with a long-term friend who I believe has a really problematic relationship with alcohol. I would call him an alcoholic...My struggle is that this person chronically texts me about all of his troubles and woes late at night. I believe it is when he has been drinking. ..I have set boundaries about abusive texts yes I have actually had to do that and set boundaries about drunken texts. I'm feeling manipulated used as a therapist and if this has been a one-sided friendship for a long time...I don't know how to communicate this to him. I don't know how to communicate that I feel used because all he does is text me about his depression because he needs a dumping ground...Because of the work I do I am really really careful about who I associate with as friends. I work in mental health so I think it's important to have equal friendships where I'm not being treated as a free therapist. I cannot tell you how many times I have run into this problem the past 15 years...And regardless of the work I do no one deserves to be used. But I feel especially sensitive to it. Because it feels like I'm exploring other people's problems all day and going home and waking up to texts of his problems. His problems about depression. As he fills himself with a depressant...I am the wrong friend to talk to him about alcohol. I have tried to be supportive. I have talked about my sobriety. Frankly he's not interested in my experiences. ..I suspect I am so bothered by this because I was incredibly selfish as a drunk and I see this portrayed in a friend. Perhaps it's a painful reminder of my past...I don't know if I'm venting but I do know that I need help from other alcoholics. This is causing major resentment and I'm not dealing with it well. I can't police other people's behavior but I can't be surrounded by active alcoholics even if it is by text. Or maybe I am being self-righteous? which is totally a possibility I'm really open to feedback.
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing post and uncanny in its timing as I just posted from basically the other end of this scenario.  Good luck with your friend and hope he finds help and doesn't keep you in this situation.  It's not fair.
If you feel used as therapist perhaps consider freezing the contact for a while and see how you feel? 
My family works in mental health and it's not uncommon for therapists to get burnt out especially the ones who are more involved ie spend their free time counselling working over hours etc...If it becomes a problem I'd see a therapist myself. Being able to vent in a professional environment can do wonders - perhaps you could work out what to do with your friend too...The number one thing I think would be not to take the work home. I'd set a certain frame of mind - this is me a professional at work. This is me at home not getting involved in people's shit. You have to communicate that to him somehow. Make an appointment or if you're not a therapist recommend someone to him..
