-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nh3xp/a_letter_to_the_bastard_in_my_head_who_is_trying/

Hey asshole!..Stop trying to get me to drink. Everything you tell me is wrong. Here's why:..YOU DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE A PROBLEM; YOU HAVEN'T HAD A DRINK IN X DAYS.  ..Let me remind you of the final week of drinking. You swore that you would quit for FIVE days starting Sunday. You could then drink to your heart's content come Friday. Considering you hadn't had more than one day off at a time in more than a year this seemed both necessary and reasonable. ..You did it! Sunday night came around you wanted to drink SO bad. But you said no. Ha! This thing is easy!..That night you laid awake until nearly 3 a.m. sweat through your sheets and had a nasty headache. You ground your teeth so hard you chipped one of your incisors. Come morning you were dying for a drink. ..After an unremarkably shitty day at work you drove to the liquor store bought a box of wine and a sixxer of the strongest beer you could find. You drank two before dinner intentionally on an empty stomach. You also snuck at least 3 glasses of wine when your wife was out of the room during dinner. You drank two more beers and a glass of wine openly. Then your wife went to bed and I have no idea how much more you drank. You don't remember making it to bed. ..Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday   see Monday. ..Or look at the DSM V for alcohol use disorder: ..1. Alcohol is often taken in larger amounts or over a longer period than was intended. ..See above. ..2. There is a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control alcohol use. ..Also see above. ..3. A great deal of time is spent in activities necessary to obtain alcohol use alcohol or recover from its effects. ..Think about every weekend morning you ever spent trying without success to get in the game with your kid because of the misery you felt from the night before. That was EVERY fucking weekend. Or how about every single morning at the office? ..4. Craving or a strong desire or urge to use alcohol. ..See above. ..5. Recurrent alcohol use resulting in a failure to fulfill major role obligations at work school or home. ..Remember being too drunk to put your kid to bed? That's because you were so drunk you forgot about it asshole. ..6. Continued alcohol use despite having persistent or recurrent social or interpersonal problems caused or exacerbated by the effects of alcohol. ..Arguing with your wife while drunk always ended well didn't it?..7. Important social occupational or recreational activities are given up or reduced because of alcohol use. ..Remember the conference in San Diego that you spent entirely in your hotel room drinking alone? Fuck the beach right? They have beer in California!..8. Recurrent alcohol use in situations in which it is physically hazardous. ..Drunk driving. You could have killed someone. ..9. Alcohol use is continued despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent physical or psychological problem that is likely to have been caused or exacerbated by alcohol. ..Bipolar meds don't work so well when you're always drunk. ..10. Tolerance as defined by either of the following: a) A need for markedly increased amounts of alcohol to achieve intoxication or desired effect b) A markedly diminished effect with continued use of the same amount of alcohol. ..Remember when you and your friend went camping? You drank at least twice what he did. On the drive home the next morning he had to stop and puke on the side of the road. You were shocked. You felt better than normal because you had showed some restraint. ..11. Withdrawal as manifested by either of the following: a) The characteristic withdrawal syndrome for alcohol (refer to criteria A and B of the criteria set for alcohol withdrawal) b) Alcohol (or a closely related substance such as a benzodiazepine) is taken to relieve or avoid withdrawal symptoms. ..See above concerning the one day you managed to stay sober that week. ..WHAT'S ONE BEER GOING TO HURT? YOU COULD JUST MODERATE. ..First one beer would not cause any lasting harm. You are correct in your initial sentiment. ..However you will never be able to drink just one beer satisfactorily. Once the first beer touches your lips you will instantly be thinking of all the rest of the beers you are going to drink. If you get the least bit drunk at all it will turn into the same shitshow it always has been. ..Second assuming that you somehow manage to wrestle the sleeping giant that is your alcohol use disorder and actually stick to ONE beer you will not like it. You will undoubtedly make sure to have that one beer on an empty stomach make it be one of those 9% ABV monsters and will definitely slam it so that you can get every last drop of buzz out of it. Even then it won't be enough. You will be so massively pissed about stopping that it will eat you up inside. You will be a livid wreck just because you have to stop. ..You will never be able to crack open a beer and let it get flat and warm because you forgot about it. You are not that person. ..Why put yourself through that misery just to have one beer? The best case scenario is you drink one ride out your rage and go back to sobriety. The worst case and more likely scenario is you go back to drinking all the time and never come back. Even if you can moderate a few times every time you drink you will have to engage in that same struggle. Say you limit it to a few drinks on the weekend. Remember how hard it was that first week? Do you really want to feel that way every Monday?..You will lose eventually. And as bad as you were (see above) it will get worse until you lose everything. ..NOT DRINKING HAS BEEN BAD FOR YOU -- YOU'RE FATTER YOU SLEEP LATER YOU'RE STRESSED AND NO FUN. ..It's true that you have replaced alcohol with sugar carbs and other nonsense. It's true also that you have gained a bit of weight. ..You're still healthier though. Don't forget that when you were drinking you never ate anything in a conscious effort to offset the empty carbs. Yeah you often stayed in the normal calorie range most days but that was because you consumed only beer the whole day. You always felt like shit because your blood sugar was fucked and your insides were rotting. You were exhausted and angry constantly. You were physically weak and often could barely get through a workout. ..The truth is that while you are a bit heavier now you exercise more and feel better than you ever did before. You are stronger. Your blood pressure is way down. Your pulse doesn't skyrocket for no reason all the time. ..And yeah you seem to sleep a lot more now than you did but that is a good thing. You used to get blackout drunk and crash. That's the only way you could sleep. You would wake up 4-5 times a night. You were always soaked in sweat. You woke up early because the buzz wore off and you felt too bad to sleep. You were always exhausted. ..Now you fall asleep right away and you stay there all night. When you wake up in the morning your bladder is so full of La Croix that you can barely walk to the bathroom. Yeah you are sleeping a lot but you are also way more rested than you were. Decades of abuse take a while to fix. ..You are also correct that you have been super stressed out lately. But compare that with how you were feeling. Feeling overwhelmed by all of the problems that you spent years ignoring sucks. Feeling suicidal all the time is worse. ..You are also addressing the problems. It hurts to feel pain anxiety stress and all the feelings you have been obliterating with alcohol. But by feeling them you are forced to address them before they get worse. Eventually they will get better...Concerning whether you're fun to be around   that depends on what your notion of fun is. If you mean you're no fun to hit the bar with then you're right. In a sober light that no longer seems fun. You are a loud know-it-all drunk. I'm not sure that anyone really likes to be near that. ..On another level you've improved as far as intellectual depth and pleasantness. You started reading again and have become invested in other hobbies. When you were drunk you would get irritated if your wife stayed awake and hung out with you because it ate into your drinking alone time. During your drinking alone time you would just aimlessly surf the internet and look at job postings for jobs you didn't even want. Sometimes you would look at the world map on Google and just explore. You just wanted out of your life. Fun right?..YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON THE HEALTH BENEFITS OF ALCOHOL. ..As lots of drunks likes to insist a glass of wine a day keeps the doctor away right? ..Maybe. But no one should fucking drink 10 glasses of wine a day. .Think of going to the doctor any time in the last decade. ..DR: Do you smoke?.YOU: No (confidently) .DR.: Do you drink?.YOU: Yes (hesitantly) .DR: How many drinks a week on average?.YOU: No more than three. (with that detached conviction that only the truly dishonest can muster) .DR: Oh that's nothing to worry about then. ..If it was so fucking healthy to drink why have you lied about it to every doctor you have ever seen for any reason? ..DRINKING IS FUN! ..Drinking is fun. But only in the short term. Drinking makes you feel awesome while you're drunk. You're not stupid. There was a reason for drinking all the time. ..The problem is that drinking kills your long-term happiness. Lots of studies show that drinking makes you more depressed in the long term. You know this to be true from experience. You hid your drinking from your psychiatrist even though she puzzled over why you weren't getting better. ..Remember that feeling of constant dread? How many times did you drive to work and play that fantasy in your mind   check into a hotel with a bottle of gin drink to oblivion then hang yourself. You haven't had that fantasy since you got sober. Go back to drinking and the fantasy will return. You might act on it. ..YOU'LL NEVER MAKE IT SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL JUST HAVE A FEW DRINKS. ..The first day was hard but not terrible. You had had enough. ..The second day was torture. You had just enough space away from the booze to really miss it and forget the bad feelings. You ALWAYS fell apart at day two. Somehow you made it. You took the dogs on walks you got fucking pissed off you ate a ton of ice cream and finally you promised yourself all the booze in the world in one hour if you could just hold on. Then the feelings passed and you went to bed sober. ..The third day was as bad as the second. The fourth was worse. So was the fifth. ..At some point it got a tiny bit easier. Days piled up and you got used to the idea that you actually weren't drinking. ..How often are you tempted? How often is it as bad as it was? You know from experience that it gets better. ..You never have to take another drink. That's your choice. You never have to feel that bad again. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Love it... "Hey Asshole." Ha!
Haha! I'm working on my MSW and have also tested myself with the good old DSM 5. Very eye-opening!..I enjoyed your letter.
Writing things out seems to help keep things real for me too and helps keep me being honest with me. Obviously this is working for you too. Congrats on staying sober and being honest with yourself. Keep up the great living.
Great post. I'm saving it. Thnx.
Powerful stuff. Saving this for future reference. 
great reality check.Very motivating
Really good stuff. The right thing to read on a Friday when temptation is ticking away in your head. Thanks. 
Just brilliant. Saving this. Thanks. 
This is very well written. Saved.
That was brilliant. Thanks for writing and posting. I should read that again if my urge to hit the liquor store starts to get strong. 
This is so good to read thank you for writing it! I can closely relate and I have saved this for future reference - I think I want it pinned on my wall! ..I know that asshole voice I dispute it in a similar manner I ignore it I don;t want what it is selling. Congrats on 50 days sober!!
I do love that you challenged the a******* in your head with the DSM. You do your research! Edited to add that my phone actually doesn't let me swear. I have no idea how to change this. Hence the beeping out of a******.
Great post budwas wantin to drink tonight but i didnt nd was feelin sorry for myself. Dis post makes me wana keep on goin
Thank you I needed this today.
That was brilliant. You articulated the thought processes so well!
Once the first sip touches your lips...That's the bit I must never do...I have no desire to anymore but it doesn't hurt to be reminded every once in a while...Thank you for the post I will not drink with you today.
I wrote this last night when I was having a hard time. I wasn't sure if it was even appropriate to post it. I'm so glad that others have found it useful.
I love this! I am going to write a letter to myself challenging that voice as well. Great job and thanks for sharing!
Haha - love this! The part about 1 glass of wine possibly being healthy - but NOT 10!! LOL I think that was my asshole alcoholic brain saying that :) Congrats on 50 friend!
This is all very groovy. ..This also made me realize that every little game I played to hide or minimize the booze from my husband is standard alcy stuff. I too bought the high abv beers so that I could drink them more openly and make it look like I'd had less- he doesn't pay attention to the % (or at least he didn't for a long time). I too drank them quickly on an empty stomach. ..Or - here's one that's really been getting to me as I sit sober thinking about my non-sober self - if my husband left a beer out the night before I'd drink it when he wasn't looking and act like I dumped it. That beer doesn't count right? Jesus. I don't know about you but for me that shit is important to remember when my inner voice says "just one..."..congratulations on your 50 days!
Do you mind if I ask about the psychiatrist? I'm a little nervous to tell mine. Ive hid it for the year and half I've been seeing her because I somehow feel like if I tell her I'm an alcoholic she won't take any of my other problems seriously. Like 'you just felt that way because you were boozing' and 'now you just feel this way because you're in withdrawal.' .Please just ignore me if this is too personal but....How did your doc take it and how much of the sessions then became only about the alcohol issues?
Great post. Thanks.
Well that is one way to put it lol...
Great post.  I think we've all heard that sonofabitch whispering in our ear at some point.  I'm done listening.
