-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nn5kl/changes_for_the_better/

I posted a few days ago about a toxic depressed and alcoholic friend where I was venting about needing to set boundaries and it was absolutely clear what I needed and yet I've been having problems doing so...I just responded to someone who talked about not being around people who drink and something clicked in my response. I am no longer hanging out with people who are toxic and alcoholic and this friend that I text with is the exception...Hoping I can help my friend has led me to stick around a toxic person who is not ready to change. This is not helping him and it's certainly not helping me...So I am going to make changes which benefit my sobriety and my new life of healthy people...This is where the power of this subreddit comes. In sharing our stories and experiences I think we are making explicit to ourselves and others the struggles that we have and the positive changes we are working towards. At least that has been my experience! ..Thank you everyone for your support and for listening to me ramble on about my toxic friend broken fridge and expensive dog. In the grand scheme of things these are small problems. I am sober and healthy and that is what matters.
----------immediate responses--------

Lovely update my friend.  Keep doing what you're doing and life will get better.
Sounds great. It's true that reading other's stories helps me get perspective.
I am so glad to read this. I have been in toxic relationship before only a few months sucks all my energy. Once I made the change there is no going back. ..I think I need to name that urge to drink as this particular ex. I really hated how he used to want to control me. Just like alcohol. I should develop the same dislike for alcohol so I can remind myself what toxic relationship is like...Oops sorry to make this reply all about me.
It sounded cold hearted to me at first but it's true you have to put your sobriety before anything else. Without that you have nothing or won't in a short period of time. 
