-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4no0o1/for_those_of_us_struggling_this_saturday_night_i/

Saturday night off work alone  and struggling. I don't know why but the craving is kicking my ass tonight so I thought I would put it out there. I will not drink today/tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I printed an hourly chart for each hour or half hour that I don't drink I color it  and put calories saved in the chart. It feels like instant gratification :)
Great. I will not drink with you.
me too! i live in a military barracks/dorm everyone is drinking wine and having a great time and i have homework to do but my brain is just fried.  i'm 18 months sober i had a big sip (not quite a full drink) of some wine to taste it because the guys all had the same kind and were discussing how it tasted and i wanted to know.  it was good and it made my belly warm and i got scared and ran to my room where i found your post.  .i am a hermit to them i am enrolled in two challenging classes to keep me busy and away from the alcohol but tonight the life is calling me... i'm trying to stay strong and i appreciate you being here.  sorry for the long comment on your post. i was too chicken to make my own. 
[deleted]
thanks for posting this. i'm feeling a little alone tonight even though i'm not lonely with my friendly cat and dog right next to me. i'm trying to embrace the fact that "not doing anything" is not necessarily a bad thing... i'm not going to drink tonight.
I feel ya but let's not consider ourselves alone. We're here on SD not drinking! This saves my ass big time lol :) Congrats on your 38 Alta!
I'm with yeah too.
Saturday nights are hard for me more than any other part of the week. I'm just trying to keep myself busy. 
Congrats on 38 days! I am right behind you...I went on a long hike today and the spring I was relying on for water had dried up so I spent the whole time completely parched and I got this craving from hell for some sweet wine.  The weird thing is I hated wine (especially sweet wine...).  I was 100% a devout liquor drinker and I cannot for the life of me figure out where the hell it came from...ANYWAY still dealing with those cravings tonight but I tired myself out so thoroughly that I don't even have a desire to leave my bed on this Saturday evening.  I would strongly advice lots of exercise if you can muster it.  :)
I'm pretty sure my best friend/boyfriend is in the middle of another relapse. Talking to him on the phone and dealing with him being a dick/lying was really stressful and disheartening. But I will not drink over it. 
Waking up instead of "coming to" on Sunday morning will be wonderful. Grin big and giggle when you leap out of bed feeling like a million bucks instead of a shame-filled guilt-ridden stinky blob. :-)
[deleted]
