-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nobor/i_relapsed_and_smoked_crack_what_the_fuck_long/

Two months sober (after a month before that and a month before that   it's been a rocky start) and I caved on Tuesday night. I dropped my girlfriend off at the airport and just *knew* there was no way I was gonna stay sober without her around to keep me accountable for a whole week. So I guess I decided to get it over with early drove to the bar thinking I'd have one beer and see how I felt...It felt... it felt a lot of ways. The first five or six sips felt familiar and delicious and exciting but then my stomach started to feel full and upset. I thought this is gross I'll stop. But I ended up finishing that first beer now feeling kind of swirly and starry. ..I wanted another. And because I'd already had one and was already a fuck up I went ahead and ordered another...Halfway through my second beer my eyelids started to droop and I started to feel shitty again almost nauseous. My tolerance must really be shot I thought. I finished it only because it was in front of me. I didn't even enjoy it...I was sober enough to drive I reckoned (and I still think that was true). On the drive home I got a wave of good feeling again. Started listening to some of my old favorite music singing along dancing in the driver's seat. Only two beers and I was having a total rollercoaster of emotional and physical responses...I was simultaneously excited to be relapsing (freedom!) and also totally disgusted with myself (failure) and I think it was the combination of those feelings that led me to the 7-11 where I bought a bottle of white wine. Took it to the campus near my house and sat for a while sipping it smoking cigarettes texting with a friend. ..There I transitioned from enjoying the feeling to not even feeling the feeling you know what I mean? After a while I wasn't aware of my own mental and physical state. I wasn't monitoring my experiences wasn't keeping track of my own decisions wasn't weighing any pros and cons anymore. I was just drunk...So here's where it gets fucked up. A homeless guy came around the corner and exclaimed "Hello!" in a cheery voice. He was definitely off his rocker but also small and skinny. He didn't seem dangerous just on another planet. Not that I was thinking that clearly...I was a little startled at first but he sat down and I was like what the hell. He only spoke limited English so I drunkenly tried to converse with him in Spanish for a while. We drank some of my wine together...Then he pulled out a crack pipe...And I smoked it...I. Smoked. Crack...I smoked crack with this guy...I still can't wrap my mind around it. What the fuck was I thinking? Even drunk people are *thinking* things. Even drunk people have a certain logical calculus that they bring to situations. What the fuck was mine? To conjecture: I've always had a hard time turning down "exciting" experiences (flirtation from a stranger a drug certainly another drink) when I'm drunk. And in this particular case I think I was feeling guilty for relapsing and just wanted to barrel headfirst into that guilt...Some of you may be drug users and so it doesn't sound crazy to you to smoke crack. That's fine everyone's different. But this isn't me. I have never before in my life considered smoking crack. It was completely out of character for me...To be honest I don't think I got a good hit. I remember not exhaling any smoke and then trying again and still not exhaling smoke. And my experience for the rest of the night was not what I would associate with a crack high though of course this was my first experience. I wasn't jittery or talkative or on alert. I didn't stay up all night. I've done coke before   a few times years ago   and I didn't feel anything remotely close to that. I just felt well really drunk...I guess I browned out shortly thereafter. I remember telling him to keep the rest of the bottle as I got up to leave. (This by the way means that after two beers and about half a bottle of white wine I was drunk enough to smoke crack so yeah my tolerance is definitely just gone.)..I don't remember walking home. I don't remember re-parking the car a few yards down the block to avoid construction work the next day but apparently that is exactly what I did. I don't remember coming in the door or taking off my clothes...I *do* remember puking in the toilet. And lying down naked on the bathroom floor. And I remember texting my co-worker. Amazingly I sounded pretty sober when I checked (mortified and apprehensive) the next day. "Came down with a nasty bug no one in the office wants to get this. I think I'll stay home tomorrow." Something like that...I woke up naked in bed. I sent an apology for my absence to everyone else at work. I watched a couple episodes of television in a zombie-like state not even absorbing the plot not thinking about my own circumstances. Then around 10 AM it hit me: I fucking relapsed last night and smoked crack with a stranger. I was flooded with guilt and self-loathing and terror...I felt so bad that I wrote another email to my boss saying I wanted to work from home. He gave me an assignment and I was able to complete it even though I was lying under the covers in my dark bedroom unable to move or eat for hours...I spoke to my girlfriend that night. I pretended like nothing happened. I couldn't tell her. I couldn't bring myself to even begin to tell her. ..The rest of the week at work I talked about having a 24-hour stomach flu or maybe something I ate so glad it's over was terrible etc. I performed really well at work to compensate for my guilt and I even got kudos from my boss in front of everyone on Friday...But I still felt so alarmed and scared and kind of physically shaky and I couldn't tell anybody. Even my friends who know I'm sober when they asked me how I was handling my girlfriend's absence I said "Yeah good a little tough with being alone and all but I'm pushing through!" My girlfriend asked me point-blank if I'd had anything to drink (not that she suspected I think she just felt like she needed to check in) and I told her no...Today is Saturday. I'm at home alone. She comes back on Tuesday. This is the first time I'm recounting what happened in full. I feel ashamed and disturbed but also kind of........calm...Calm because I know what it means. I know how to interpret and decipher this seemingly random chaotic event. What happened reinforces so clearly what I already know: I have a substance abuse problem. Because of that I can't drink alcohol. ..My biggest problem with drinking has never necessarily been how much I consume or how often   in that regard yeah I have a tendency to overdo it but it's not *the* problem. The problem is what I do when I'm drunk. When I drink I turn reckless. I make dangerous decisions. It's so far beyond "embarrassing"   we're talking Jekyll and Hyde a whole different person capable of god knows what. And it's only gotten worse as I've gotten older. Smoking crack with a homeless guy is just the latest example (possibly the most egregious   but honestly maybe not). ..One of my biggest problems has been fixating on all of the crazy terrible shit I've done while drunk. And it's made me feel even guiltier and even more anxious which has made me want to drink more. I'm learning that if I want to stay sober I need to break that cycle. Instead of obsessing over my very worth as a person I need to just look the facts dead in the eye. ..The facts are I am a dangerous drinker whose personality changes in completely uncontrollable ways. There is a solution to this problem. The solution is not to drink. ..Today is a beautiful day. Sunny not too hot perfect. I walked back to that spot today the spot where I smoked crack with a stranger...I sat down. I felt the sun on my face. I was feeling a huge mix of things   embarrassment regret disbelief. And I just started talking to myself...I said You fucked up. So big. But you're not allowed to beat yourself up about it anymore. You have to just acknowledge that it happened and learn from it. So far beating yourself up hasn't gotten you out of this mess and in fact it may be keeping you in this mess...I said to myself Here you are. A few nights ago you lost control right here in this very spot. But today look at you. You're sober. You're healthy. You have a choice. You can be that version of you or this version of you...I knew which one I wanted. I've known for a long time. I walked back home in the gorgeous sunshine knowing that my road will likely be rocky but also knowing which way I'm headed.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that was a really relatable and powerful read. Thanks so much for sharing. Hang in there.
As you've been a Redditor for less than an hour Check out ["The Baby Steps" | Where to Start Stopping](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) written by one of our fearless leaders CoolCrosby. .You can get a Badge from [HERE](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) to count your days. .There's a lot on this sub to help you and remember: you only need to concern yourself with TODAY! Good Luck.
What you posted was totally relatable. When I was in my 20s I was socially active going to school a little crazy when I was driving but nothing over the top...Until one day I was drunk and stupid and made the decision to smoke crack with a total stranger. It was the only time I've smoked crack thank god. But it was a MAJOR sign my drinking had gotten out of control. And yet I drank for almost another 20 years...
This is very.powerful and insightful. I will save it and re-read. I like reading journey of self discovery.
That is a great post. I can relate to so many points...beating myself up with guilt/remorse really seems to allow me to drink again. When I do there is no telling the things I do. Jeckyll/Hyde - absolutely! Many other points too. Thanks for sharing this. I will watch for your updates! Good luck.
The disease can bring us to do all sorts of things that we never imagined we were capable of: my "incomprehensible demoralization" moment was drinking mouthwash because the liquor stores were all closed and I was out of booze...Congratulations on having today sober that truly is what matters. And thank you for sharing your experience with us because it gives strength and hope to all of us reading. :)
Keep da head up buddy jus start again no point tinkn bout da past gud luck
[deleted]
OK nice story.  What are you going to do to stop drinking?
[deleted]
[removed]
wow. .so you've learned moderation won't work for you it sounds like ..you mentioned needing your GF to hold you accountable  have you tried or will you try meetings? for me it works. I don't know how or why but it works
 2/3rds of my addiction in I deliberately started looking for heroin. I have never done heroin before. I was wild buying cocaine every other two days. Figured "cocaine is awesome when I'm drunk how should heroin be?" never scored thank goodness
Well written story and I have to admit I LOL's a few times. I've done blow a few times while I'm shitfaced and that is out of character for (sober) me. Sorry your girlfriend is gone but you have to find the willpower within yourself.
Yeah I agree. Don't beat yourself up anymore. You can handle this. What's is important is you know what you want now. 
[deleted]
Really well written read here and thank you for sharing it. My sobriety did not stick until I did it for myself. My wife and kids get to share in my sobriety but it is for me first. I am accountable to me and I do it one day at a time. 
&gt;I'll stop. But I.....Story of my drinking in 4 words. 
Thank you for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
Wow a close call I've heard stories that started this way and ended up in prison for a decade or more.   Been to some funerals too......Do what you gotta do. take the lessons and tattoo them on the inside of your eyelids if necessary.....And that rocky road? in my experience most of the rocks were ones I put there...
[deleted]
This was extremely well-written and insightful. Thanks so much for sharing!
Thanks for sharing. I was a big fan of blow on top of my booze and smoked crack a few times. I got sick and tired of being sick and tired and was lucky the Yets didn't catch up to me (didn't have a DUI yet no jail yet didn't physically hurt anybody yet). I was off and on the wagon the better part of a year before support and myself got it right on. Keep faith man. It worked for me and I've smoked more crack than you and I know I've smoked it properly:)
Smoking crack was a low point for me too and something I (probably) would not have I done had I not been drunk. Really though it was just one of the bad decisions I made while drinking. Even a few drinks can make my judgement take a nose dive which is what sounds like happened to you. Take it as a wake-up call. Glad you made it through - I'll not drink with you today (or smoke crack!).
I had a similar experience I was ejected from a concert for smoking a j on the floor did a lap around the block on foot while finishing the J sat next to bum smoking crack I nearly did it but for some reason didn't but I felt the way you described
