-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nporr/confession_time/

Well....  I dun messed up my badge.  I quit several months ago and had great success thanks to supportive family and SD.  But yesterday I messed it up.  ..My new neighbor was working in his back yard while I was doing some repairs on my house.  We don't have much of a relationship although he is a very nice guy.  I have been seeking an opening to improve our relationship for a while.  But you know.... Different schedules different interests...Well.... That day I had been struggling.  I hit up SD to read a few posts which usually helps and committed myself to doing several chores and maintenancence things.  Which was why I was in my backyard when my neighbor said hello.  We did a bit of over the fence chit-chat and he invited me over for a beer.  Like an idiot I agreed.   Hell....one beer couldnt hurt if I could foster a better relationship with my neighbor...Well.... One beer turned into three.  And then I made matters worse.  I had that bottle of rum that I hadn't touched since March.  And for some brain-dead reason I snuck a shot from it.  In for a penny...in for a pound I guess...Over the course of the evening I snuck two more shots.  Three beers three shots total.  I didn't black out.  I didn't slur.  But I was definitely intoxicated and worse..... Sneaking drinks...It is what.... 2:30 AM as I write this.  I woke up around 1:00 with an increadable feeling of disappointment with myself.  I got out of bed drank some waterwent back in bed and staired at the ceiling for an hour while my wife slept next to me.  I couldn't shake the disappointment.  What was worse as I laid in bed recounting the evening I was mentally kicking myself for seeking this situation out.  I wanted that first beer.  I wanted to know I could handle it.  I wanted that stupid buzz and sought a way to justify it...The kicker was this....  There I was laying awake..... Mentally whipping myself for drinking three beers and SNEAKING two shots of rum. Playing the whole stupid thing back in my head.  Recounting the easy acceptance of the offered beers.  Remembering and visualising how I snuck those two shots of rum.    When the 'oh shit' moment hit me.  I didn't sneak two shots of rum..... I snuck THREE shots.  WTF brain!..I got back out of bed went to the living room and surfed SD.  After reading a couple dozen posts I reluctantly accepted that I f'ed up hard... And as a consequence I needed to reset my badge while owning up to what I did.  Hopefully this bit of confession will allow me to sleep better...I am an alcoholic for life.  I may have been good for the last three month but that I snuck drinks tells me that moderation will not be an option for me.  A single beer is just too slippery of a slope for me to handle.  I don't want to return to the man I was but continue to improve this man I am...So I am reset.  My first goal is the next seven days.  Then two weeks.  Then every thirty days.  ..I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I will not drink with you today. Best wishes for a sober day.
I'm seeing a lot of insight here. Now it's time to turn insight into action. What are you going to do differently this time?  
Pour the rest of the rum down the drain.  Today is a new day. 
Get some sleep. I won't drink with you when you wake up. 
I'm glad you didn't do any harm to yourself to anyone else or to any of your relationships. I will gladly and proudly not drink with you today.
Congrats on resetting and coming straight back and also on 3 months sober that's a big achievement...Something I realized recently is that given my genetics are fixed my body will never react differently to alcohol no matter how long I am abstinent. If I go back to drinking I can't expect myself to react differently whether it's one month 1 year or 10 years sober. The drug itself will never change.
This post well help me not drink today.
Well done for getting straight back on the horse. Plus you and the rest of SD have this experience to refer to when 'One can't hurt' rears up...I'll not drink with you today.
Big props for your honesty I know it's not easy. But it is necessary.  From what I've seen a willingness to do what's necessary is one of the most reliable indicators of success.  If it was easy everyone would do it. Despite this setback it sounds to me that you are on a promising path.  Learn all you can make the necessary adjustments and then move forward. You can most definitely do this. 
Good that you came back! I had a similar experience back in March. It spiraled into 3 months of benders losing friends and fucking up at work. I'm back and just focusing on what I can do today. The point is don't waste another day stewing in regret - learn from the experience. 
Ah the sneaking...I was quite good at it. .You are back on the wagon that's the important thing..Stay strong
Thank you for sharing. I also recently learned that moderation is not an option for me. I was kicking myself when I thought that I could have one or two and then it snowballed from there...I will not drink with you today.
You learned something that was really important even if you learned it the hard way. And you came right back here to share it with us. That tells me you really want to be sober this is really important to you and you're willing to do whatever it takes to get there...I needed to hear this today. (My brain has been chattering on about "moderation" quite a lot lately and so far I've been able to ignore it because of stories like this.) Today I won't drink with you! 
At least you recognize what happened and can fix it pretty easily. Hang in there! 
Proud of you for resetting it! We are only human. Don't beat yourself up. I will not drink for you today! 
You're back here.  Immediately.  That's the good news.  
I've been there lots of times. While it's important to honestly realize what you've done I've found that it's never served me well to beat myself up. ..I am also an alcoholic for life. Every single time I try to moderate even if I manage to make it a few day or a week only having one or two beers at a time eventually I'm sneaking drinks or secretly chugging beers or drinking alone until I'm sick. It's just the hand we've been dealt. ..Good on you for waking up and getting back in the game. Keep your head up. 
It takes great courage to be honest about relapsing.  ...I'm glad you're back.   And you now have an important experience that you can add to your sobriety toolset. ...The next time you have a craving.   Hammer your self with memories of this situation.   RePlay every step over in your mind.  ...By the time you're done the craving should have passed. 
I appreciate you sharing your story.  I'm sure the same thing would happen to me.  I know if I had one beer I would just be obsessing over the next one.  At least you're back after only a day!  Some people get sucked back into it for years.  I won't drink with you!
There is something about this post that is really honest and inspiring to me. It's different than a lot of relapse posts I read here...in a good way. For one you're not just excusing yourself and saying you don't know what happened. It sounds like you do know and that is really concerning to you. I think you also recognize the seriousness of what happened...yeah sneaking drinks is NOT normal (I definitely did it too!). And you know what you need to do to get going again. This is a really great post.  You've helped me stay sober today too :)
I will not drink with you today.  
Sorry you fell down temporarily.  It is great that you are back so soon. Back to work! 
Thanks for sharing.  I love that you were so willing to be vulnerable and admit to others that you slipped.  Know that you not only helped yourself but many others .... including me by reminding that one cannot allow themselves even 1 more sip.  Easier said than done...You'll be OK and get past this.  My thoughts are with you today.  
