-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nqiiy/i_had_quit_for_a_month_and_i_relapsed/

I quit for a whole month but i couldn't handle the pressure anymore. Shame fell over me. I got drunk 3 times this week now. I poured out the whisky this morning. I don't know about tomorrow or the next but at least today i won't drink. I just need to figure out how to keep the urge from taking over. Any advise?
----------immediate responses--------

I have terrible anxiety and struggle with depression. .For myself I realized that after prolonged abstinence my mental health had improved significantly. I feel like Ironman. I have super powers. .    One day at a time I do this. Some days are harder than others..    After much searching and struggling with AA I finally found my tribe. They hold me accountable. Help me through those hard days. .    I didn't think 12 step groups were my thing I am agnostic. But it turns out to be the best group of people I never wanted to be a part of.
It's all about surrender man. It really is. It boils down to how bad do you want it? I live right down the street from a dive bar. I can see it from my front porch. The dope house is right around the corner as well. Liquor store is a 3 minute drive. I could get fucked up anytime I want. In the last 2 months I've endured a cancer scare with my wife very stressful new job with a cocksucker for a boss one dog had a limb amputated the other we had to put down on Friday.....just stress upon stress upon stress. Every single reason or excuse in the world to fold and drink it away. But I did that for over 20 years and all it did was exacerbate my sorrow. So all I do is just live in the moment sometimes minute by minute is how I get by. I go to meetings I read works by the genius Richard Rohr and I pick up that 1000 pound phone when I feel like I'm in trouble. I do WHATEVER it takes to stay sober. I refuse to bend. I want it that bad.
[removed]
I have fallen off the wagon a few times. Each time I've tried to learn more/different strategies to avoid that particular set of circumstances that led to picking up the first drink. Here are some things I have done to help with cravings:..* come here to read and comment.* take a walk.* clean something.* remind myself that I already decided not to drink today and send my inner two year to time out (literally have said "nah nah nah I can't hear you" while alone).* binge watch a TV show (so many I've never seen).* write/draw while focusing on what I'm thankful for.* eat *lots* of jelly beans.* try to crochet some new really intricate pattern.* take a bath.* go to sleep.* learn a new recipe (the farther I have to drive or the more obscure the better for filling time on long empty afternoons)..Others have found AA and SMART recovery programs to be instrumental for their success with sobriety. ..Ultimately getting through each craving (the desire does subside) provided me additional strength to get through the next craving. At 30 days the cravings are much less frequent and much less intense for which I am thankful.  "One day at a time" -- it take me a while to realize it was not a slogan but an actual plan.
Thank you. I feel like I just need to find a way to occupy that time I spent drinking   
Since I started to practice the 12 steps I haven't had the urge and it's been six years now since I started doing that. Prior to that the most I got on pure will power was 60 days over a ten year period of trying by myself.
