-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nweko/i_graduated_from_college_wall_of_text/

It took me ten years to get my undergraduate degree. I came to college with severe anorexia in 2006 and started studying apparel design but was mainly studying how to exercise compulsively and eat as little as possible. It wasn't long until I was drinking like a freshman and then not long after that before I started doing a good amount of cocaine and experimenting with psychedelics. I was incredibly insecure and lacked any love for myself. My body was a sacrificial means to a good story and drinking/drugs were my feeble upper-middle class white girl attempt at being a tortured artist... I did have some good times of course. Made a lot of great friends in the dorms travelled a fair bit and got some decent work/school experiences under my belt. However my head and heart were obviously not committed to the facade I was building. I didn't want to be in school it was becoming increasingly obvious that I had an eating disorder and once I started having sex it was clear that I wasn't going at it responsibly. As the years went on I changed my major to Anthropology then to European History. I took French Italian and Russian along with some art history and had some memorably incredible professors who looking back wanted to help me but didn't quite know how to reach me. ..I was an ok student and got through more classes then I withdrew from but I was still in a troubled place. I had resigned long ago that no one would ever want to date me and that I was too wild too much of a handful too intense for any normal person to want to tolerate more than 3 minutes with me. I drank to take away the responsibility of my actions. I started blacking out a lot and waking up with weird scars and bruises. Date rapes were common as were a few (thankfully curable) STDs. I had stopped doing cocaine the year I turned 21 but I still slipped up if I was drunk and it was around. I had quit cold turkey after months of selling clothes books anything I could get my hands on but looking back I probably should have gotten some professional help because I very much replaced my coke habit with sex and drinking. I slept with over 60 people that year and woke up the next morning lucky to be alive on many more days than I realized. I only had one trip to the hospital with alcohol poisoning and laughed it off the next night. I know many of us have experiences like this that make us cringe so you know what these memories mean to me now. They are shameful and painful beyond measure. ..After a few years of gradual re-stabilization still smattered with too much booze several nights of the week I decided to drop out of school and go to culinary school. I thought restaurants and bars would be a safe haven for a freak like me and I wanted to find a path where I could be unapologetically myself. I don't mean bitchy for no reason I mean just exist without having to apologize constantly. I should preface that I was harassed beyond measure in middle and high school. I was always different and longed to be accepted or at least left alone. My group of friends were fortunately brilliant and lovely and creative. We merged together late in high school and I was definitely the most traditional one of the bunch. The gay kids the students who would be in alternative high school if they weren't so damn smart friends who were sometimes homeless had absentee or drug addict parents. These were my people. They often laughed at me (nicely) because I was gorgeous a straight A student played 5 sports and came from a traditional family. I don't know what I would have done without them. ..Ultimately I decided to not leave university for culinary school and ended up going from a misc. liberal arts major into the Food Science and Technology program. I'm not quite sure what I thought I was getting myself into but I had never been much of a scientist and I guess must have felt confident that I would figure it out. By this point I had bounced between a variety of living situations and was finally somewhere more stable. I was actually trying to take school somewhat seriously and my horrific party girl nights were starting to minimize somewhat. I still got drunk way too often lost a few jobs because I was irresponsible (or drunk at work) but overall I was getting better slowly. Then I met my boyfriend. He was the president of the food science club and we bonded doing college bowl together. I went from having a few 2-3 month semi-open relationships to basically living with this guy after a month. We clicked so fast and fell in love so quickly it still blows my mind. Its been 4 and half years now and we know we'll be getting married. He's been the best thing about my life these last few years and I haven't always been a perfect partner. ..A year after we'd been together I was starting to majorly kick ass. I was going to all my classes and the information was starting to sink in. Then one day during a kickboxing class my heart felt heavy and tired. Kind of a cross between asthma and the day after you smoke too much pot. I left the class politely told the front desk attendant I was feeling odd and a few minutes later the ambulance was there. My pulse was 280 bpm and was short and strange. Like a CD skipping. The EMTs could tell exactly what was happening something called supra ventricular tachycardia but I had never experienced it before and was terrified. Long story short I went from being a kick-boxing physics learning saucy lady to someone who could no longer listen in class because I would sit in terror and just listen to my heart beat. This went on for 3 months. ..They said no alcohol no cardio and no caffeine until my scheduled surgery. I was too afraid to do cardio and the increased pulse from the caffeine made me very anxious. I did not stop drinking. It was the only way I could relax since my cardio had been taken away from me. The coronary ablation was painful and terrifying when it finally happened. 6 hours of surgery where you are not under anesthesia and are feeling your heart manually manipulated to all sorts of insane bpm (like 330!) as the doctors try to recreate the initial SVT so they can isolate the extra electrical pathway that I had apparently always had but had never had problems with. This condition is called Wolf-Parkinson-White for anyone interested in learning more. ..After this very traumatic surgery that was mostly a success. I developed panic disorder. A week after the surgery I had an acute traumatic dissociative response while driving where I don't remember anything for several hours. After that I started taking benzos daily and could barely drive or sit through classes most days. I stayed in school because I was on health insurance through the university. I thought that pretending to be normal would have been good for me but really I needed 6 months of sleeping in and yoga and not having any responsibility because while pushing to be normal I ended up failing myself and everyone around me constantly. Obviously the inability to sit still and be quite in a dark room without succumbing to inexplicable heart pounding terror was a bit of a hindrance. Especially for things like organic chemistry .you definitely need to attend those lectures. ..I failed class after class after class. I drank into oblivion at night or in the morning. I cried and cried and ate too much pizza. I felt like I had faced my own death and had somehow not survived it. I waited every day to die. Waited and wondered when my heart would suddenly stop. Lived in fear of another dissociative experience where I wouldn't know where I was or what was happening to me. It was misery. I gained weight. I could barely make it to work. Every single day I failed. ..Somehow things started to get better slowly the farther away from the surgery I got the more confident I became. I switched from ativan to clonapin and that gave me more stability. I still did absolute crap in a lot of my classes but I sort of was heading in the right direction. This time last year I did have to take an incomplete in a class that I was struggling with. It was heart breaking because I had thought I was going to graduate but ended up being a blessing in disguise. Because I had a year to kill before I could retake the class I worked a couple odd jobs and then got a harvest internship at a winery I've always loved. That winery brought me back to life. I was having trouble finding a doctor who would refill my existing clonapin prescription (you other benzo users know my pain) so I cut my dose in half and dove into my first harvest head first anyway. It went great. I lost a ton of weight. Had hardly any panic issues and definitely found my calling. ..When that internship ended I knew what I wanted to do with my professional life. I added a few extra wine related courses and did well in them. I retook and passed the class that gave me so much trouble last year all while cutting down to taking clonapin as needed. Now about 5 times a month. This time last year I was taking 1.5 pills a day. I am honestly more proud of how far I've come with my anxiety than I am about finally graduating. But I did graduate. Its still sinking in. I did have to request a reset for my badge because I drank friday saturday and yesterday. I didn't drink like an ass but I'm still not sure how I feel about it. Having some champagne made things feel celebratory and everyone agreed that I deserved to relax. I guess that's all fine. I am very excited to be back here today. There will very likely be some days in the future that I feel are worth celebrating but I'm thinking I won't need a badge reset next time. I think this weekend I just wanted to let myself relax. To look back on the last decade and give it a toast. ..Today I will not drink and I'm hoping that this new person this college graduate will not be known as that crazy girl who parties too hard. I would much rather be that crazy girl who studied food science and takes dance breaks during night shift at harvest. Thank you for those of you who took the time to read this insanely long post. I haven't ever written any of this down and I needed to release it from my system. I feel like I owe you all an apology for drinking this weekend and I hope you can forgive me my weakness. I thought about this community all weekend and although my drinking days were ok I was more excited to come back here and start counting up my sober days again. Thank you. Thank you all so much....xoxo 
----------immediate responses--------

I am so happy for you.  Time to seize all that you can get out of life.  In my case leaving the drinking delusions behind was an important first step in the right direction.
Congratulations on your hard-earned graduation. I must admit being surprised that after what you have been through with alcohol you would consider touching it again. It is not that you are "weak" but that alcohol is powerful. ..Have you ever thought about rehab? I wanted a sober happy life but couldn't do it without professional help. Treatment therapy and AA gave me the necessary tools. I hope you find the support you need and deserve. ..[This may sound strange but has it ever been suggested that you have ADHD?]
[deleted]
