-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nyuo7/are_months_46_really_the_hardest/

Today when I mentioned I'd been having trouble staying committed to my sobriety my therapist told me that the 4-6 month period is actually where most people relapse. I'd never heard this before is this true? ..It certainly makes sense to me. Once the "novelty" of sobriety wears off and boredom/monotony settles in it gets REALLY hard not to fall back into old ways. 
----------immediate responses--------

4-6 months was a weird time for me..It was such a long time...but it seemed so short..."Well if I drank it would only take me 4 months to get that back".."Well if I drank it would take me FOUR MONTHS to get that back"..At the six month mark it was like whoa...half a fucking year...
True in my case.. in the later half of the 4th month it wasn't even a craving more like curiosity coupled with delusion that I obviously had everything under control. I also thought I could do everything on my own a mistake I'm not going to make this time.
I don't know if it's universally true or anything but things got real tough for me during month four.  It became harder to remember how shitty it was being drunk/hungover/trying to get more booze all the time and people around me seem to think that I shouldn't be struggling anymore.  I'm only a little way into month five but I think things are starting to look up a little.  I think maybe I was wanting things to happen too quickly and getting too attached to my expectations.  I continue to fall back on the whole "one day at a time" thing.  I hope you get some answers on whether or not this is a high risk period because I'd be interested to know.
[deleted]
I know that when I first got sober everyone made a big deal about 90 days. When I got my 3 month chip I felt very let down. Like now what? I think it's important to not make a big deal about the amount of time someone has. Of course it's great when someone reaches the milestones and picks up their monthly chips or when someone celebrates their anniversary. But really even though it sounds cheesy all you have is today. It doesn't matter if you're 7 days sober or 7 years it's very easy to go back to square one. Just stay vigilant and protect your sobriety and you will do fine :)
Month five was when I did Step 5 (and 6 &amp; 7) and my mental obsession with alcohol was removed.  I have not had a troubling thought about drinking since then (12+ years).  Entire first year was emotional roller coaster for me.  Best wishes to you in powering through.
First full week is the hardest no question nothing else comes close...Getting through month 4-6 is about talking to a lot of other alcoholics and listening to them share about their relapses so you don't have to.
I'm nearing five months and feel like it's getting easier. That said I think if I didn't frequent this sub and read the failed moderation stories from others I'd probably be convincing myself to give moderation a go myself.
Was just telling my BF today how suddenly being sober isn't exciting anymore. I've lost the weight gotten used to the extra money now I'm just a person like everyone else except I don't get to have occasional drinks because I'm an alcoholic. Shitty...You know my little sister beautiful girl 21 years old has severe ulcerative colitis and has been on TPN unable to consume any food or drink for 12 weeks. She had to drop out of school and her sorority to lay in bed all day being fed nutrients through a catheter. That's the shit hand she was dealt and if my shit hand is something as minute as being an alcoholic I'd say I have it pretty good. Hell she's not allowed to drink either! Poor thing celebrated her 21st being wheeled around a shopping mall. Just puts things in perspective for me. 
Well I've relapsed at 4 months...  I could see how that could be a tough time - you're getting over the newbie exciting phase but a year still seems far away.....Planning on blowing right by it this time.  I'm sure you will too ;)..
Short answer: yes. Long answer? You're always going to have days when you think about drinking and it somehow seems romantic. I thought about drinking all my gf's cream liquor today then I shook my head at how silly an idea it was and ate a banana. .Is it easier to be sober today at a year than eight months ago? Most of the time yes. Is is easier to be sober now than eleven months ago? Good god yes! .It gets better but keep in mind that 'one day at a time' applies to everything we do. .Hope that helps! Keep up the good work. 
I am not quite to 4 month yet but I can relate to what you are saying. It does feel like a lot of the novelty of sobriety has worn off. ..I think the idea that is is easier to add a healthy habit then remove a bad one so I am trying to focus on healthily habits and running.  
When I quit on my own last time for any length of time - it sure was around 5.5 months when I relapsed. I felt SO good about myself. Lost weight - looking attractive. Decided to get "a beer" because I could because I have "proved to myself" that I was in control. Wrong. I ended up just like before but WORSE. I hit rock bottom 22 days ago. I'm 21 days sober. I'm going to try and not make that mistake again but I'm not going to delude myself that it won't be a challenge. Good luck to you!
