-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nzm2w/badge_reset_major_relapse/

I relapsed hard and got arrested again. Now I have two pending charges in two different towns all due to alcohol. I'm so stressed about possible jail time and fines and so depressed. Why can't I do this ? Alcohol is going to kill me . I didn't drink today but it doesn't even matter because the damage was already done. I got arrested again and I'm so mad at myself . I'm becoming insane when I'm drunk. 
----------immediate responses--------

Im sorry to hear and it's going to suck but it will pass. There is a light at the end of the tunnel. Do you know what your triggers are?
I knew alcohol was going to kill me so I made a plan to get into inpatient...even though I didn't want to.
Everyone becomes insane when they drink too much. Mother Teresa would be dancing on the bar flashing her knickers if she drank the amount I did - doesn't mean she's an alcoholic. What set's me apart from heavy drinkers is that when it comes to alcohol I'm insane even when I don't drink. I know what will happen if I take just one drink I'd be insane to even try it yet I still do. That's what makes me an alcoholic - the insanity of taking the first drink not the insanity that follows...I was incarcerated at the end of my drinking because I was a danger to myself and other people. I used that time to get a better perspective on my life and was introduced to AA's 12 step program of recovery which pretty much taught me all I needed to know about where I was going wrong and how to change for the better. ..Just not drinking today will not cure the insanity I have. My recovery started when I realised that alcohol was not my problem. Alcohol was my solution and a lousy one at that. The problem is me and the insane way I relate to people and situations. Left to my own devices I go about it all wrong. Once I realised that and started to change the way I acted towards people and the way I reacted to difficult situations in my life then the obsession with drink left me...The obsession with drink left me and was replaced with an obsession to right the wrongs to learn the correct way to relate myself to those around me and to react the right way to situations I faced in life. ..Since that day I haven't been arrested once I haven't done any jail time or paid any fines but better than that I haven't even wanted to take a drink - the obsession has been lifted...
Sorry to hear about your struggles.  ..I regularly read (even today) posts about "I felt good!"; "I had a great work out and was eating healthy!"; "everything was going great!".  Then a relapse.  ..What has worked for me was a support network tools fellowship and meetings.  I use them when "things are going well" so that I have them when things **aren't** going well.  ..Just for today I don't drink with you.
