-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4o1h3u/woah_now_i_get_the_dream_thing/

have read numerous posts here on SD about relapse dreams. Never thought about it too much. Had an incredibly intense one last night that involved me being pissed drunk driving with kids in the car and getting pulled over and more. &^&^_ freaky how real it was; woke up terrified sweating feeling kinda hungover. unbelievable relief that I am sober. wow. How the mind works. 
----------immediate responses--------

The best part of those drinking dreams - waking up sober realising that hey I haven't drunk and life is still under my control. Happy days! 
I've yet to have one but that sounds scary as hell. I did have extremely vivid dreams after quitting  but none revolved around alcohol. 
I have these regularly.  Such a relief when you wake up and realise it was just a dream. Or nightmare.
Those dreams are horrible while its happening. But I tend to wake up thankful.
I have been having vivid dreams most don't involve alcohol. But there were two that were so real that I woke up and went to the basement to see if I have been drinking. Nope no wine. Checked the trash can no bottles. Checked my teeth no wine stains. It was that real. I also woke up sweating and wondering where I was trying to remember what happened the evening before.
I recently had a dream where I decided to have 'one' beer. In my dream I didn't even remember taking a single sip of my 'one' beer and I was already there cracking open the second one...Good reminder that for me one beer is very unlikely. 
I had this happen on Friday night woke up in the middle of the night feeling SUPER hung over trying to remember what I had done before bed.  Then realized I'd read a book and drank berries and water. So I drank a glass of water and went back to sleep.  It was terrifying for the few minutes I didn't realize it was a dream!
I had a vivid dream last night too. I was with a friend and we were taking shots. I was drunk riding my bike home when it started pouring down rain. I couldn't seem to get my garage door close. I swear I could taste the shots I was taking in the dream when I woke up. It was some sort of Malibu rum flavor. Weird.
Yep. For me it was the fact I was really angry and upset when I woke up having thought I had drank something. It lasted a few weeks for me. I rarely have them any more. 
I have only had 1 drinking dream but it was the most vivid dream I have ever had. The disappointment that I felt after thinking I had drunk a bottle of red was overwhelming I felt like crying when I woke up as I was so distressed. It took me a few minutes to realise I hadn't drunk and it was a strange feeling not relief really but more confusion. It really made me a bit stressed for the rest of the day.
I still have relapse dreams.  Not very often but they still screw with me for a little after I wake up.  Like I just assume everyone is mad at me in real life haha.  But in the end it is ok because I realize it wasn't true.
