-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4o6fn3/a_shout_out_to_anyone_doubting_themselves/

I've doubted myself in many things.  I'm pretty good at it. ..I doubt I'll achieve the high standards I put on myself... the high standards my parents and family and society put on me.  ..I doubt I'll be sober forever... ..I really do doubt my ability to achieve many of my goals... heck even remembering common words and names for things is a struggle sometimes!..But as time goes by... as my memory improves... as I practice moment by moment... hour by hour... day by day... making good choices.....The good choices become easier and I get stronger. ..Snowballing into a juggernaut of irrefutable determination and discipline.  ..Tiny bite size pieces become small goals... .Small goals become medium goals... .Medium goals become big goals... ..And every little step forward is an achievement.  ..And any achievement is something I am proud of.  ..**I** did it.  ..And I reckon if I can do it... ..You can too :)  ..I say "Be proud" for whatever ground you've made.  That feeling is sure to help strengthen your resolve for any challenges to come. .. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks needed this today. 
Another good reminder of all we are accomplishing by committing to just one day or one hour of not drinking. Or bodies minds families and loved ones are happy too. ;)..Thank you!
Thank you for that!
Doubting myself is all l do always have. I dont even know why the drinking helps that part. I remember my first drinks l felt good that self-doubt and awareness just disappeared. Now allmost 10 years later It's the same. Some fucking wounds just dont seem to heal. Then again im drinking and doing amphetamine on a regular basis which l believe is Holding me back big time.
I needed to read this as I walk into a room trying to rebuild my career (that I pissed away four years ago). Thank you so much.
Thanks for the encouragement it was well timed
Well said.  I struggle with this.  Thank you.
Back in early January I doubted my ability to remain sober after my month-long challenge to myself was up but here I am closing in on 6 months. Like the late great Prince said "Forever that's a mighty long time". There was this that and the other thing...a big # birthday party for my FIL business dinners club events. I have been sober through all of it without issue. Very simply I just won't drink today and its a promise to myself not anyone else. I still have self doubt sometimes but being sober sure makes it easier to overcome...edit: address-&gt;overcome
