-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ob74h/chicken_waffles/

I went to a diner this morning and got Chicken & Waffles. They have a house seasoning butter and syrup. I took a bite and it tasted incredibly like bourbon. I've been having some weird dreams lately felt a little out of sorts and been trying to do the little things that keep me sober each day. I was so afraid that there was bourbon in the butter/syrup. I felt so upset I hadn't looked more closely at the menu. I called over the waitress and asked (and pleaded) to tell me what was in the butter. She assured me it was large quantities of brown sugar. I have a good string of sobriety. I have a life that is incredibly valuable to me one that was born from not drinking one day at a time. I'm not entirely sure where my thoughts are on this so I wanted to ramble and see what perspectives others might have. It was incredibly difficult to finally make the decision to not drink that first day. But that was the hardest day--admitting how much help I needed. There are good days and bad days certainly. Days I know I need to be in safe places around safe people. On the good days I try to foster and nurture those relationships with people. I'm still a little in shock from this morning. I guess the experience has a few take aways. 1 I am still deathly aware of how toxic my relationship with alcohol is. One drink could bring me right back. 2 I am still deathly in tune with how important it is for me to do what I need to do to stay sober. It's work. I have to take care of myself. I have to speak with people. I have to be around good people. I have to be in healthy situations each and every day if I want to stay sober that day. 3 and most importantly I feel like I'm not complacent in my sobriety. Meaning I want to and feel like I am capable of being better. I can go to more meetings make more calls and take a better look at myself--take inventory if you will. That's refreshing in a sense. I'm not done being sober. I want to stay this way so badly. If someone is reading this and is struggling with Day 1 Day 2 or Day 1000 I hope you know you are not alone. I want to be sober today no matter what yesterday brought. I can be sober today. I can employ the community (here in my phone or in a room) and resources around me. I can eat my Chicken & Waffles with a smile after scaring the waitress that she poisoned me (I apologized).
----------immediate responses--------

Im so glad the pancakes turned out fine :) Were they good after you knew they were alcohol free?
I really appreciate stories like this from people further into their sobriety than I am because it prepares me with the knowledge that sobriety as a path is never "complete" if you will. It arms me with the knowledge that I won't be sprinkled with fairy dust that takes my drinking addiction away someday. This is a day by day decision I am making and it will never stop being such. I'm very happy to hear it was just brown sugar and butter and keep that fire burning in you! Sometimes a little spook is just whatcha need to really get your goals back into full focus! Congratulations on every single one of your 531 days!
I had some cake that turned out to be covered with a bit of cognac. This was around a 100 days after I stopped drinking. It made me a bit anxious at the time but I didn't get drunk and it didn't make me start drinking again...I think its a good sign that you care about your sobriety. I have tried relapse before so Im aware that it can happen again. But today I will not drink.
Chicken and waffles sounds so good! You have some good sobriety This really helped me with some thoughts and concerns about my own sobriety. I like where you said safe people safe places that's something I never thought about until you said it just now. I'm going to save your post so I can read it again. Thank you for posting. I needed to read this. Peace and good vibes to you.
