-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ocaeo/i_wanted_to_get_hammered_yesterday/

I haven't been so close to buying alcohol over the last 6 weeks than I was yesterday.  ..I had a drunk accident just over 6 weeks ago which limited my ability to walk for a number of weeks.  I spent a small fortune on physiotherapy and invested the time in trying to rehab the injury.  I started to walk without a limp about a week ago and two days ago I was able to run to make it to cross the road during the green light...it was a giant victory for me...Yesterday I was riding my scooter (VS125) to work and slipped over because I had to break suddenly when I was about to turn a corner (my stupid mistake).  Before I even knew what was happening I fell over and the bike slammed down on my foot - this wouldn't have been much of an issue but I wasn't wearing my boots because I lost them the same drunken night I got my original limp.  Instead I was wearing simple cheap sand-shoes.  ..I have broken one of my toes (minor) and i was sure that I had torn my Achilles tendon.  I've torn one before so I know how long and arduous the recovery process can be not to mention the cost.  I was devastated.  ..For the last two weeks I have felt amazing.  I felt like finally things were looking up.  I had been discovering a confidence that I never realised I had - my mood was improving my work was more enjoyable and I was finally getting back into the groove in terms of gym and healthy eating.  And it all came crashing down yesterday.  ..Surgery casts moon boots sitting lying sitting $$$ $$$ $$$ - that's all I saw in my future.  FUUUUUU!!!  I stopped drinking!  Why is this bad shit still happening?!! I just wanted to hit the bottle to tune out the next 3 or 4 months until I could walk again...Why didn't I drink?  I didn't drink mostly because I have read a lot of moderation stories on here recently - and it seems like drinking can feel like a chore when you get back to it and the hangovers are always insane.  I didn't want to deal with that at work today (I don't get sick days so I went to work).  I remembered all the stories of those who had momentarily gone back to the booze only to deeply regret it later.  The regret filled badge resets also struck a nerve with me - I really don't want to start back at 0! (FT0)..I didn't drink last night and I went to the doctor after work.  He said I was very lucky that I had damaged a spot between my Achilles and another important ?tendon?.  I am badly bruised but I should fully heal over several days...I dodged a bullet.  I don't know for sure if I would be drinking now if I had been correct about the torn tendon but I did think earlier today that I would be better off if I didn't drink...and that I could use the time to improve my computer skills etc..(sorry for rambling on - I am not very practiced at writing)...tl;dr  I thought I injured myself badly yesterday and would need months to recover.  I wanted to drink but thought of all the stories of relapse here and how much people regretted them.  I didn't drink.  Injury turned out to be not as bad as I had anticipated.  Thanks SD
----------immediate responses--------

you wanted some relief and realized it couldn't be alcohol! good for you!..same for me on the confidence I never knew I had! one of the AA promises says we'll intuitively know how to handle situations that used to baffle us - that's that awesome confidence ..heal well.
I can attest - trying to drink in moderation is indeed a chore. 
When I encountered an injury a few months into my sobriety I focused on other activities. I did gentle physio as I healed it was slow and frustrating! I knew drinking wouldn't help at all I knew my best outcome would come through rest and recuperation. I accepted that I could not change what happened but I could make the best of my situation. So I focused on other things too - including some studying.
I hate when something shitty happens right when ur building steam. That blows but think how much faster ull heal sober. Plus the possibility of more accidents drinking. Well done staying sober and getting to the doctor !
