-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ojpfv/60_days_my_thoughts_and_impressions_on_quitting/

Hello SD!..Firstly I would like to thank you all. I mainly lurk on here but reading all of the posts from day 1'ers to day 5000'ers really helps. I'm always encouraged to read progress of those that have chose to quit drinking so I decided to give a few of my thoughts and some progress from my journey. ..1- It's pretty typical of most posts but I've dropped weight like a lot. I'm a 31 year old male and yearly I was getting to a new 'all time high' in the weight category. But just 60 days into quitting drinking and lightly working out I've dipped down to the weight that I graduated high school at. ..2. My skin and overall appearance is night and day. This somewhat goes with the weight but I'm also slamming water like it's going out of style. No more red face dry skin breakouts constantly. ..3. My general mood is amazing. I was a guy that would get done with work and barely get through the door before my first drink was being downed I wouldn't stop until ~~I went to sleep~~ passed out. Now days I go to sleep a little earlier than I use to and I sleep through the night waking up refreshed and ready for the new day. Also to go along with this the depression anxiety nervousness and general irritability has gone down significantly...4. The first few weeks that I quit (I quit cold turkey going from drinking all night to drinking nothing..... Something I would not suggest to most) were tough. I probably would have done just about anything but off someone to have a drink but I pushed through and every day that I didn't drink the need/want for booze went down. While I still want to drink daily the level of urge has went down and usually the want only lasts 20-30 minutes before my mind wanders to something else. ..I would also like to encourage any lurkers reading this to reach out either in the public SD forum or if you don't feel comfortable with that i'm more than willing to lend an ear to listen to anything y'all have going on. ..Thanks again guys I don't think that I would have made it this far without reading how good everyone feels after quitting. It's been a struggle and I'm obviously not out of the woods yet but i'm getting there one day at a time. I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 60 days! I remember that feeling. It's true that we are never really "out of the woods" but over time I've learned that even if that is the case once sobriety became my normal it got a lot easier. ..I was really on the fence at the beginning about telling anyone especially since most of my friends are/were fairly heavy drinkers. I'm happy to say that since I quit my boyfriend and 2 of my closest friends have either quit or significantly cut down. Being a good influence is a good feeling. Just by example you can teach people around you that life can be so awesome without booze. And for me that has reinforced my habits greatly. ..Anyways great job on 60 days. :) Those days were the hardest for me. It's a big adjustment. Know there will always be the occassional cravings but every feeling is fleeting and as long as you just get through those. You'll constantly forget about the cravings. Have you started any hobbies or activities to keep your mind busy?
Cpngrats twin! :D 
Awesome!! I'm at 60 days as well and my appearance is one of the main motivators because of how much better I look!! Finally getting my confidence back. Congrats though I'm happy to see all the success! Best wishes.
Congrats! I'm at 60 days too. 
good for you! 60!
