-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ol4op/really_struggling_after_two_months_of_doing_ok/

Like the title says. It's been two months of not totally smooth sailing but not as hard as I thought it'd be either. And now for the past few days all I've wanted is a beer. I can't stop thinking about it. Why now and how do I make it stop? 
----------immediate responses--------

When I was struggling--and in early sobriety I struggled mightily as my [Saturday Share sets out](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u6cc/saturday_share_im_coolcrosby_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/) -- I doubled-down on the idea that all I had to do was go to bed sober.  That single thought got me through terrible psychic pain and then things got better.  Even now when I'm having a tough time of it--that sole idea is my answer for any doubt. One other thing as I toughed it through the hardest places less difficult challenges are a breeze.
I had cravings that didn't make sense. I just trusted by brain and body was healing on its own schedule. What sort of things help you when you're feeling like this?
When I feel like that it gives me strength to realize that wanting to drink that badly is *precisely* the reason why I stopped in the first place.  
I'm actually not totally sure this kind of craving is new. Also eating but that's probably not the answer.
Over time I came to realize that what I thought were cravings for alcohol were really hunger pangs and I interpreted them as alcohol cravings since I had satisfied them for many years by drinking.  Eating something with protein (nuts cheese etc. b/c protein takes longer to digest) when I had those same feelings helped me out a lot.
If you truly can't stop thinking about wanting a beer follow completely through on the thought. .Envision you have the beer and what happens after that? You have another and another and probably shitty things start happening or you wouldn't be here in the first place...Usually we drunks can remember enough 'unfortunate events' to remind us why we wanted to stop drinking but if you cannot recall write them down...When you want a drink review those events and the shame the degradation the illness the disappointment and all that follows having that first drink...For me I found that thinking the drink all the way through helped me turn my thoughts to a more positive direction.
When I get hit with that urge I ask myself how many do I really want. The answer has gone down from 48 to about 32. Then I think of all that money the ensuing insanity and then waking up sick and shameful. Then I ask myself if I will want to drink the following day. The answer is yes...So I'll grab a seltzer call a sober friend eat an ice cream sandwich annoy my neighbors with my horrible singing do some push ups go stare into nature and often I remember I can pray for help.
I suffered from cravings and urges for about five months.  A Dr. I feel like I knew wrote about experiencing cravings for a couple of years.  Some people stop having troubling thoughts about drinking almost immediately.  It amost always gets better with additional sobriety.  Best wishes for nothing more than you can handle.
Just think about how shitty you'll feel in the morning. And if you're like me you'd probably say "fuck it" and go get more beer in the morning and drink till you're just too sickly to drink anymore. And then think about how long it will take to recover. And then think of having to go through another two months to get back where you are now. What a waste of time and energy!
I'm a day behind you. You wouldn't want me to catch up to you would you?..You can beat this. Think about the reasons why you quit. It will go away eventually.
