-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4omagq/lost_a_friend_today/

Hi I am new here and if I am breaking any rules please let me know.  Anyway I have had a life-long friend since we were both 8 years old.  We are now both 23.  We grew up together and both fell into binge drinking and eventually full blown alcoholism.  We both have been through detox for this me twice.  We both decided we would quit drinking together a while back and support each other through it all.  He has gotten 50 days clean and I relapsed recently after about 20 days clean but I could not bare to let him down so I lied and kept on talking about the path of sobriety and how to maintain a positive attitude etc even though I was drinking and using again.  3 days ago we went for a drive together and it became obvious to him that I was under the influence and the next day he asked if I was using again and I came clean to him about the fact I was using again but still desperately trying to get clean even though I know my word essentially means nothing to him now as it should.  Basically he told me that he didn't need this darkness in his life anymore and he felt that I was taking advantage of him and that we shouldn't speak anymore.  I told him that I understood that I broke his trust and I did not blame him for leaving..This leaves me in a particularly hard place because I know this is 100% my own fault but keeping myself from drinking right now is exceptionally hard (but of the utmost importance) when I have essentially lost the only person I ever could confide in.  I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Sorry to hear about the lost friendship- that's tough.  Drinking took a toll on my relationships too. For me the way to deal with that was (and is) to focus on getting and keeping myself sober one day at a time. I've benefitted a lot from the support of people here in this sub. Hope you do too. 
Hang in there and try your best to not drink.  If they are as good a friend as you said they are then they will come around.  Someone posted a comment to me when I wrote about losing my gf because of my drinking and it stuck with me.  We can't  control anyone else's actions we can just control ours.  Stay the course and get better and love yourself.  Don't be lonely you have us here.  I go to bed with my IPad and my SD friends.  My ex has been gone a month and I have been sober 3 days and it's hard but it gets easier.  I promise it will!  One day at a time.  I'm struggling right now. It's Friday night and boy do I wanna be reckless but I WILL NOT DRINK!  Don't drink with us and keep posting!  My prayers go out to you! 
I am sorry about the loss of your friend. It sounds like he had to put boundaries in place to protect his own sobriety. Sometimes we have to do this and it's really tough for all people involved.
