-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4onaug/wow_that_was_a_short_16_years/

My panc and liver tapped out before I did freakin quitters. So in a way it's easier to not drink now. Since getting out of the hospital I drank a couple times a week but it got harder and harder to bounce back. It does not help that one drunk can last 3 days either. ...I have learned a few things. I don't have ibs booze just gives me the shits. I don't have a heart condition my body was just being stripped of b12 (of which I am already low on). Tomatoes don't cause soul crushing heartburn when your stomach is not stripped of its lining. I'm not having chest pains I'm simplying suffering from errosions due to blackout puking. There was no dead animal above my garage beer cans just stink in the sun. I really don't miss people from my past I'm just a drama queen 3/10 drunks. it's not a gas tank for a love machine it's just a fat sweaty beer gut. You can trust a fart if you haven't drank dinner the past week straight. ..Honestly it feels so good to crop dust again. ....Now with luck my panc and liver will heal as best they can and the weight will keep coming off. I see a lot of people struggling and all I can say is that problem will still have to be dealt with tomorrow. The least you can do for yourself is deal with it without a hangover. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ha it's funny how we make excuses- It's IBS I have a heart condition... It's like my old man taking his blood pressure pills and cutting out salt and then pushing down his bottle of wine a night. Good on you for escaping mate stick around!
Hah I can relate to a bunch of that shit. Kinda funny how we just think some of these symptoms are just normal day to day shit but in reality it was from our hardcore drinking. The damage we have done to our body is pretty insane.
Relate to all that. I've had terrible stomach troubles past six months or so  blaming everything from gluten to IBS. Finally realising it's just hardcore boozing. Stop that it goes away.
Best wishes for your health &amp; recovery. Today I won't drink with you! 
I too can say that it was a short 16 years.
Thanks for this post it brought a smile to my face. I wanted to drink wine so bad yesterday. Shitty days at work recently.  I didn't an I am so very happy I didn't. I hope good health finds you soon. The human body is a miraculous thing and capable of healing.  Best to you
:) all true!
There is so much truth in this post! And I laughed out loud about trusting a fart. You are absolutely bang on correct.
fantastic post
Thank you! .
