-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4opeut/on_the_road_again/

I want to share my accomplishment with this community because it's not exactly something I feel comfortable bragging about to people who haven't been through our shared struggle...I finally got my driver's license back after 3.5 years. I was 26 in Feb 2013. I had been drinking for about 8ish years. At that point I really didn't feel normal until about 3-4 drinks. That was my baseline and that's what I had when I was stopped at a drunk driving Checkstop and blew 0.09. ..That incident kick started my downward spiral that eventually ended up with me about to hang myself almost 2 years later. That was the last day I drank on Dec. 30 2014...I was at one point given the option for a curative discharge that would have left me with all of the same fines and stipulations but without a criminal record..I wasn't ready to face my problems at that point. I chose to continue drinking. And I drank more and more than I had ever drank before. ..I am happy I was caught DUI now because I don't know what sort of horrible consequences would have happened if I wasn't. I've had to face a lot of issues that I had and I am a much more balanced and healthy person now. ..So now I turn 30 in a couple weeks and I can finally drive again. I have an ignition interlock that I am confident that I will pass every blow for the next year when I will eventually be allowed to drive unrestricted again. ..One day at a time. We can do this.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your sobriety and getting your license back! I too suffered consequences from my choice to drive after drinking. It was a wake-up call that is for sure and I thought it was my bottom. Except that I continued to dig...It feels so good to not be digging a hole and to be out of that hole! You're absolutely right we've got this provided we're doing this one day at a time.
Woohoo! Got your wheels again! This is an encouraging milestone. I should have gotten a DUI on many occasions but didn't. There were two times where I was pretty pissed and the police could have given me DUI's but didn't. I sometimes wonder if that would have forced me to get sober sooner. Probably not because I am a glutton for punishment :/..Keep moving in the right direction. Glad to hear this good news.
Been there done that. Keep on keeping on. It's so great to have control over life again and a driver's license. You deserve it. Stay strong! 
