-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p13rz/my_thoughts_are_scaring_me/

I'm nearing my first goal of 30 days of no alcohol.  Husband has been doing this month long challenge with me but Captain Oneortwobeers has admitted he is ready to have some as soon as the 30 is up.  I've also been flirting with having some giving myself permission to try moderation.The obvious difference is he's been having that one or two beers every few nights for ten years and I'm the one with escalating quantities and morning regret..I thought I was resolved but I'm feeling such ambivalence today.  I'm in a HIGH HIGH stress time in life...that hasn't stopped and it won't for awhile so I know I'm at risk for relapse here. But the thought of another 30 days is making me itchy.  Like I'm actually telling myself in my head "See?  You've proven you can do this now you can have a little fun" which I know would undo my good habits my newfound self respect my health.  .I don't want to be in that place anymore.  I think I'm scared because it seems so INEVITABLE today after so many days of feeling strong if not totally forgetting about alcohol altogether.  Maybe I got complacent in my busyness.  Thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

If moderation worked; you'd already be doing it. I certainly tried and failed. It was exhausting! I got professional help. ..For me alcohol is NEVER an option so thoughts like yours dissipated decades ago. ..Being scared is a good sign. Just take it one day at a time and don't think thirty days ahead. ..I'm curious. Why did you stop in the first place? It helps me to remember.
Sorry for your struggles.  Peruse some of the "I went back out"; "I listened to the whispers in my head"; "well I tried moderation it took 7 months to make it back" posts...My mind regularly lies to me.  It told me many times "just one.  You've earned it."  Yet I know what it would lead to.  "One''s too many and a thousand's not enough."..Meetings and support help me with these thoughts.  Good luck!..Just for today I don't drink with you.
Before I joined AA I used to regularly quit for periods of time: a year 6 months 3 months 30 days. I soooo relate to the "See? You've proven you can do this..." The problem for me was that every time I started drinking again it progressed a little more (sometimes a LOT more pretty quickly). Alcoholism is a progressive disease. You are smart to be scared. How has your life been without alcohol? I know mine has improved on every level. I will not drink with you today.
My husband quit drinking on the same day I did.  He does not have the struggles with moderation that I do.  I love and appreciate his support with this so much but have made it clear he can drink at any time and it will not bother me.  My resolve is absolute at this time.  If I have a weak moment I will tell him.  It is my guess that he would never drink in front of me again if he thought it would temp me.  
