-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p28uj/having_a_plan_and_the_pink_cloud_the_battle_of/

You know that feeling after a particularly  bad night? The "I'm done! I can't do this anymore!" feeling? Usually your mind and body are reeling from the damage done. Then a few days you start feeling better and fueled by your new found purpose in life you are on top of the world. This can last a week or two or a couple of months...Eventually the power and warm fuzzy feeling the dopamine kick from it starts to settle down. Now that you are at baseline and no longer "high" from this new found mission your brain starts to crave some kind of high because after all you are an addict...Your brain hasn't forgotten about the high it used to get from alcohol even brains that aren't good at remembering things don't forget that kind of feeling. Ah but you are too smart to fall for that. But the alcoholic in you occupies the same brain has access to the same resources and intelligence. He/she will eventually win because the best you can do without a plan is come to a stale mate with a foe with perfectly equal intelligence...Once the stale mate is reached your addict brain has the ultimate tie breaker that high your favorite drink. What do you have? Without a plan and system in place nothing...Your mind in a vacuum can't defeat itself. The good and the bad are equally matched except the addict in you has the trump card. You need something outside of your brain to give the sober mind something to counter that with...That something can be anything as long as it gives your sober mind a sense of power and superiority. That can come from scientific knowledge about how the brain works and the psychology of addiction it can be supplemented with powerful medications that can balance the very imbalances that make drinking feel so good it can come from a God of your understanding a group of people who share your struggle. All of these things are coming in from the outside and giving the sober brain power to stare down and defeat the addict mind. Find something that will give you power and start your plan before those first few days are over.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;your addict brain has the ultimate tie breaker that high your favorite drink. What do you have?..I have the understanding that the high while maybe desirable and tempting is just a temporary high. Looking at the long term ramifications it does not justify the high at all. ..I found writing down on paper a list of reasons not to drink and all the things I would lose if I drank helps me a lot...The high from alcohol isn't really that great. It's not a clean high. Makes you sluggish and muddies your head. Doesn't last long. Can never get to or stay at that sweet spot for long. Coming down really makes you irritable or angry. Hard on your stomach brain nervous system. Next day sucks. I wouldn't romance the high from alcohol much because it just isn't that great of a high. Definitely give alcohol enough respect to avoid it but don't give it more powers that it doesn't have..
Great post!  Thought provoking and useful advice about many things especially "being able to counter the laying-in-wait lurker addict voice" (my paraphrase).  ..I have a slight wrinkle in my approach.  Note: I'm not arguing nor in any way disagreeing in what you wrote; only sharing my difference...When you write ' give my sober mind a sense of power and superiority'  I get the impact and how it can defeat the Voice.  I found for me I needed to abandon power and superiority as effective as it was in defeating the Voice.  The reason being it carried over a vestige of my former approach to controlling things (which contributed to my problems).  I began to notice for me a difference in "power" vs."strength".  ..My mind viewed *power* as force exerted 'over' something or someone.  It was used 'against' something and reinforced my notion that 'force of will' was important.  I came to understand for me that *strength* on the other hand was internal energy associated with my integrity of character and exists independent of forces outside of me.  ..Power required that I engage against something or someone and the higher force wins.  Strength involved the "absence" of force or resistance against something but rather represented energy within me.  Then external forces could wash over me like waves around a boulder.  I didn't have to resist nor "not" resist.  I just maintained my integrity as a boulder ( in this metaphor).  I didn't need to be superior nor conversely inferior.  I just "was".  ..When I have integrity of character I have strength.  I don't have to have more power than an adversary because I am not *engaged* with the adversary.  I cannot be defeated nor do I "win" because I'm not in the battle!..Thanks for the great post!..Peace be with you. Just for today I don't drink with you.
saved 
