-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p89p0/awaiting_badge_reset_to_only_3_daysbut_there_is/

Hey there everyone! These relapses are becoming a very big problem for me so today I finally took some initiative and entered an outpatient group therapy program. I'm just waiting for my scheduled first interview but I was already assessed by my local agency and they figured outpatient was best for me (inpatient/residential treatment would have taken more than 8 weeks to be admitted) since it provided the fastest service/treatment option...It feels good to finally have done *something* meaningful (which I've never ever sought actual treatment in the past). Earlier today the things I need to do started piling up after I'd signed up and filed the paperwork/made the treatment appointment. I was thinking about how I needed to call my doctor tomorrow for medical treatment options (and possibly mental therapy) how I needed to go to my (*sigh*) DUI class (DUI is over 5 years old just FYI) and how I needed to go to my first eventual interview/treatment session in a week and a half. It was overwhelming and was making me very nervous (since I've only quit again three days ago)...However I fought the urges and am powering through it because I really want to take this like it needs to be: one day at a time. There is no point in letting these *days* ahead of me trouble me now especially not the thoughts of never drinking again (which are so hard to overcome) and the thoughts of how *scary* attending therapy three times a week is going to be. Like I said I've never attended and I've read countless stories of people being scared to first start attending but I really want this to become more positive in my mind than *scary*...Any advice you that have successfully attended inpatient or outpatient therapy can give to a newcomer? I'd supremely appreciate it. Love you all!..*I will not drink today*
----------immediate responses--------

prepare for being with people who are not there voluntarily. Other than that it saved my life ..good for you!
I did outpatient treatment 3 nights a week for 9 weeks.  I felt like a zombie going in. I kept an open mind and followed directions. It was good for me. Our sessions were a mix of lessons and group discussion. I use many of the tools I developed during that time today. The experience was totally worth the time and energy I put into it.
Monday I "graduated" from a voluntary 6 week out patient program. People of every walk of life were there. Some court ordered. The program was amazing and I can't believe I just said that! Everything from anger management depression relapse prevention AA S.M.A.R.T CBT to yoga and acupuncture...plus much more. I also have a therapist. I did have a short relapse two weeks ago as I was stressing about upcoming court but picked myself up and carried on. It was well worth every minute. Good luck and I hope you find the same.
This is incredible! Bravo! I found that I was on the relapse train for years in part because I wasn't doing anything different. It wasn't until I started adding supports into my recovery plan that I was able to escape the hell known as relapse. It sounds to me like you have made a brilliant commitment to your recovery. That's awesome!
