-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pahro/5_days_sober_this_morning/

Ran across this sub yesterday while battling my own head (again) to get through the day without drinking. ..It helps reading about so many others out there with the same struggles...  in just about fifteen minutes of browsing I ran across many many posts that could have been written by me...Having read all that I told myself "Self! Get your butt to bed - you don't need a drink tonight. No you actually don't. Make a throwaway tomorrow and let those folks know that their crazy helps your crazy."..So here I am. Hey folks? Your crazy helps my crazy. I think this might be a place I should stop by kind of frequent-like. Best wishes all and hey - I had this crazy idea? - let's maybe not have a drink today. Whattayasay?..Edit: grammar.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to SD. Congratulations on five sober days. I will join you in not drinking today. All the best.
Lets do it ! I won;t drink with you today. You have already clocked up five days on your own - a great achievement to be proud of !  Come on in here and lets keep that momentum going !!..Much Love ..IO
Glad you found this sub. I stumbled across it as well around my 5 day mark or so. I think I'm on day 12 or so and this place has been so incredibly helpful. Welcome :)
This sub will HELP YOU. We're all in this together! Sobriety definitely takes some getting used to especially at first but things will begin looking up and one day you'll notice the changes. You'll be all "damn! I suddenly have some extra cash!" and "woah! I lost like 10lbs and have done nothing (other than quit drinking) to lose it! This is pretty cool!" 
Hey congrats and so glad you're here...i'm a day behind you. I've had to re-set many times before i found this place and.so far sd has really helped me a lot by giving support and encouragement....and the folks are awesome!!....Yep i will not drink with you today:)
Glad you found this place - its pretty amazing. Great idea the not drinking today thing. I'll join ya!
Welcome! I'm on day 5 too. I found this sub on Sunday and it has been the biggest help! It's so good to know that there are others out there battling the same issues.  Congratulations on 5 days!
Sleep well all. Keep not having those drinks. I'm still on that wagon too. See y'all tomorrow we'll add another number to that total.
Hey congrats! I will gladly not drink with you! 
Great! I'll join ya in not drinking today let's go!
