-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pdx27/reset_going_out_of_my_mind/

Backstory check my previous post. I was feeling drained but i was getting closed to my 30 days. Husband kept not being supportive. Long story short I relapsed and he admitted he had been sabotaging me. we made plans for me to move out (im working on a job offer). I was still trying to snap myself out of relapse mode so i ran to aa and my addiction medicine program but i drank that afternoon again. He came home turned around and basically walked out on me. I understand how frustrating it is to deal with an addict but I am tired of being told "I want you to get better" and then not even not help but get sabotaged. I am tired of being expected to just get better ive been drinking for over 10 yrs how is 26 days going to fix that? there's no magic pill or cure. that night He called me and said he was not coming back. I dont have my credit cards (my wallet was stolen a week ago) he didnt leave me any cash told me to keep the dogs and did not take any of his stuff. Im back in my program and Im sober but I am incredible depressed and worried. THe rent is due in 1 week i dont know if he is going to pay it he just up and left me like a piece of trash. I can pull from my 401k but it's how it the principle and how he just left me and the dogs I thought he loved. He refused to go to Alanon AA or therapy and I couldnt deal with his character defects i was trying to deal with mine. He basically abandoned me at my worse and just thought of himself. I dont want to resent him but it hurst to have been just left behind. Ive lost 2 jobs my grandfather my mother and now him in less than 1 yr. I am so tired. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you are going through this. But the fact that he was sabotaging you and then left because you relapsed (if I am reading that right) makes me think that you and your sobriety are better off without him. I know that still leaves you in a bind but hopefully he will at least help financially until you get on your feet. Stay sober my friend and I wish you the best
Hang on and play with the puppers for a while. Stay strong you CAN do this. It is so worth it. It is.
In situations like this the only thing you can do is work through all of it sober. Drinking as we all know amplifies the problems in your life and leaves you in a misery wreck making it harder to tackle the problems that won't go away on there own. ..I'm very sorry to hear how he has been dealing with you while you are trying to get sober. This is not something anyone would like to go through but please think positively and start from the bottom then work your way up. ..You will be a much stronger person if you are able to deal with these problems as well as remaining sober and things WILL get better. Doing it while someone has wronged you the way your husband has is painful but not something a stong person like yourself can't handle. ..Best of luck. 
This sucks. Thanks for telling us how you're doing.
Fuck him! (sorry)..So do you have any support in place where you are at?  Family friends?  Glad to hear you are going to AA...that might be a good place for you find some good solid support for at least the short term...I know that feeling of being so tired....believe me.  Please just don't give up.  Things can be so much better.  Good luck!
Sounds like a new life is in order.  If it were me I would dive into figuring out how to survive this on my own.  I am sure that being sober would be mandatory in order to make a situation like this work.  I think I would start by finding a support group IRL to help me stay sober.  By remaining sober I could then focus all my energy on creating a new life that was surrounded by sober people who supports me in every way. Best wishes.  Sorry you are suffering at the moment.
Remember when : ..I am 33 yrs old and i binge drink to cope w life. My mom is terminally ill i was fired from my job (not alcohol related) and yesterday i got so drunk that i ended up in a physical fight w my sister. Her husband hit me so hard that i have a sprained shoulder. She called the cops on me but did not press charges. I traumatized her 7 yr old n my mom since this happened in front of them. I am going to go to AA today but honestly i dont think my life is worth going on..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bexpm/i_hit_rock_bottom/..My recipe for success :  I was just high fiving my wife. fellowship AA meetings getting a sponsor working the steps and carrying the message to the still suffering alcoholic. 
I know we aren't supposed to harbor resentments or dwell to much on the past but remember this day when you have yourself together and this skunk (sh*t ball) comes nosing back. I found a lot of help in AA when things were very dark for me.  There will be someone whose been through it and can help. Best of luck. 
