-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pg1hi/i_made_a_promise_today/

After blacking out yesterday and ruining another weekend off work with my girlfriend and son I have come to the conclusion I must stop drinking forever. .. I know it's a one day at a time approach but they mean the world to me and I won't let drinking be a part of the reason I lose them. I will be making the daily pledges and looking for support from the community. My badge is reset soon and I look forward to seeing it climb... Drinking has helped turn me into a depressed loser. I dont like the person I am becoming and I'm tired of the lies guilt and feelings of inadequacy. I can't wait to get back to the pre alcoholic version  of myself and appreciate how blessed I truly am to have such a supportive family. To never worry about drunk driving the terrible anxiety after drinking and especially not remembering what I've done or said in moments of weakness. ..I know it's a stupid move to make a promise like that when the likelihood of a relapse is so easy but I've always been an all or nothing kinda person.  I look forward to hearing from you guys as well and can't wait to start living properly again. Bring it on life! 
----------immediate responses--------

I felt the same way last Easter. Actually I felt that way for years but couldn't find it within me to stop. Until that one day it hit me. Nothing in my life which was quickly spiraling downhill would change if I didn't take some sort of action. You are making progress! Pledge today. Tomorrow pledge today again. The days will continue to add up!
Awesome. This could be the moment you change your life forever. The pivot point...This is a huge post. Refer back to it frequently. Especially in times of trouble..
Congrats on making the decision to put your foot down and to cut a bad thing out of your life. I also got tired of the lies and self-sabotage which was a major factor in my decision to give up the booze. It hasn't been easy to make it 58 days but I feel so much better than I did in April. ..I'll gladly not drink with you today.
I don't think it's a stupid move at all. I'm doing this day by day but my full intent is to never drink again. I don't know what your recovery plan is but reading Annie Grace's This Naked Mind was a game-changer for me. Lots of great info here - stick around!
I was able to stop drinking and get sober by doing the things that I describe [at the Baby Steps post at this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck.
congrats for making this promise.  I pledge here everyday.
Been there brother. Heck I'm just starting over myself. So what do I know? ..Well I know that when I sink down to a place like that I only have three choices that matter... keep going down stay where I am or try to claw my way back up. Sp - you don't need me to *tell* you this but just to hear someone else *remind* you? - You're moving in the right direction...Tell you what I'll keep moving in that same direction with you. Have good day. Let's not drink today.
[removed]
A journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step. Welcome! You can do this!!!
I am on the same boat as you I ruined my father's day by drinking all afternoon and night and that's when I decided to stop. Good Luck man I am currently reading a book that is helping me think about the fear of failing because "Forever is a long time". Let me know if you would like a recommendation on the book I am reading.
[removed]
&lt;I'd like to get back to the pre alcoholic version of myself &gt;  Me too. Welcome!
I can relate! Most of us here do. My counsel to you is get some tools!  Things/people you can turn to when the remorse fades and your addict brain senses an opening to come back with a vengeance. Could be any number of things - but I know from first hand experience that the resolve you have today is not enough. I won't drink with you today! 
I will not drink today to support you. Other commenters have already mentioned but I highly suggest reading This Naked Mind. You will be stunned about how may things you've blindly accepted as fact which are in fact not fact at all.
you can do it. I'll come along for the ride. 
Congrats on your decision! I always like to refer back to the comment I see on here all the time: you never have to feel like this again :)
&gt;I can't wait to get back to the pre alcoholic version of myself..Definitely agree with the sentiment here. When I got sober I took all that extra time and mental effort used to hide my addiction from everyone and focused it towards diet and exercise. Had quite a bit of vodka weight to lose and lost muscle to regain and thankfully cutting out thousands of empty calories a day in booze has been a major positive step in that direction. Sobriety is such an amazing blessing and I won't be drinking today right along with you.
Quitting drinking is challenging. But if you're like me you'll notice that when you do a huge weight is lifted off of your shoulders. You no longer have to grapple with feelings of shame and regret because there's nothing to feel ashamed about or regret! You no longer have to wring your hands over what you said or did while blacked out. You no longer have to worry about the damage alcohol is doing to your body. You no longer have to deal with hangovers. You no longer have to deal with the foggy mind and lack of focus that consistent alcohol consumption brings. You no longer have to figure out how you are going to get home after you've had too much to drink. You no longer have to worry about ruining vacations or personal time with your loved ones. The list goes on.....And when you frame it that way not drinking is a *no brainer!*
Someone shared this quote here the other day and I love it-- "the elevator is only going down you can get off whenever you please"
Word
A week ago I sat down and made a list of "reasons" I am addicted to alcohol. I titled it "I might be an alcoholic IF..." What started out as a simple thought exercise that I thought would be a page long turned into a list of 102 items that spanned 3 complete pages...Rereading that list is very painful for me. BUT the thing it brought to mind like a light turning on -- and this is my point -- is that I became an alcoholic ONE DAY AT A TIME: not looking forward not looking back only focusing on today. Just taking it day by day until the moment I forced myself to examine my entire life in the context of that list...Thus recovery can only happen day by day as well. Don't look forward don't look back. Just focus on today...And TODAY I will not drink with you.
Welcome and congratulations on committing to a better life!  What is your plan of attack?  What kind of support and tools do you need in order to stay strong when the urges arise?  The daily pledges have been an awesome tool for me as well.  I found that having a full toolbox helps me feel less panicky when the urges arise.
It's not stupid to make that promise I made that promise to myself just yesterday after relapsing Tuesday night..and doing so in a big way.  We're all on this journey together just each at different places in it.
I did exactly the same 2 weeks ago after waking up and not knowing how I got home where my phone and purse was what I did what I said etc. Luckily I had a friend that didnt let me drive and took me home. It was definitely my rock bottom. I have an amazing husband and children as well. They deserve the best version of me sober me. ..It's an amazing feeling to not worry about driving drunk and hurting someone else or myself waking up feeling refreshed after a good nights sleep and no hangover...the list goes on. ..You're making an amazing decision for your family! We can do this my friend :) Congrats on seeing the light there are so many bright days ahead!
I find it hard to make a "Forever" promise to myself. What I find a lot more manageable is a "Today" promise. When I was drinking a ton the thought of NEVER doing it again gave me anxiety which led to drinking again very soon. I was a heavy drinker I made a day by day promise and eventually quit. Now I'm 6 days sober (longest in almost 10 years) and the promise I made for me Today this morning was far easier then if I had said I'll never do it again. 
One day I just had to stop. I had no more fun when drinking and I was almost consumed by it.
