-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pgird/30_day_challenge_now_11_months_in/

When I stopped drinking it was only going to be for one month. .On day 3 I noticed physical withdrawals and I knew that I would need more time. ..I've always struggled with the idea of being done drinking "forever" and this group has helped teach me that not drinking is a decision I make each day. ..I have dealt with grief anxiety depression happiness fun... All without alcohol. ..I just completed 30 hours of Aerial Silks Teacher Training and am in the best shape of my life. My marriage is stronger than it's ever been. ..Today I will not drink. Less than 30 more "today's" until I hit a year! ..Thanks to the support from this group. 
----------immediate responses--------

Staying sober or being amongst "The Unimpaired" as u/coolcrosby very recently said has improved my life so much it is still mind boggling to me years in. Congratulations on extending that 30 days to nearly a year! 
Well done.
Congrats!! 
Wow nice "thirty days!"
This really makes me happy. 
Arial silks teacher training!  How exciting!  What a wonderful thing to be doing instead of drinking.
Arial silks teacher training!  How exciting!  What a wonderful thing to be doing instead of drinking.
Woo hoo!  Congratulations. Yes the longer I go without drinking the longer I want to continue.  About to hit a year and already have the next goal of 500 days.  And aerial silks sounds so cool!
Congratulations. I started with a month challenge too and am not drinking with you today. Aerial silks sounds really hard. That I will not be doing with you.
Congratulations! What a wonderful accomplishment..I can't wait to get to that year point :)
How fantastic! I also started out for one month. I hope I follow in your footsteps. Congratulations. 
I started with a 30 day challenge too...Still here!
That's the way to work it!  Today I can't imagine picking up a drink the same way I can't imagine jamming a needle in my arm and sacrificing the gifts of a sober life for whatever small amount of temporary relief might be lurking in a bottle.  It keeps getting better.
