-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4phnn3/then_and_now/

"There is no fate but what we make for ourselves." A somewhat corny line from terminator 2 but it has grown on me the past year. A year ago everything was completely different. After multiple attempts to stay sober and multiple relapses I found my rock bottom. I was unemployed for two years had gone to interviews inebriated lived with my wife and kids in her parents house while failing miserably at putting my life back together. A year ago I had relapsed and relapsed hard. I no longer cared about hiding it. No more hidden bottles no more water bottles filled with clear liquor. I walked around everywhere with a bottle in my hand taking swigs in front of anybody. I stopped driving and would just sit shotgun with my bottle. My uncle and God father was dying from cancer. My wife drove me and my kids 10 hours to see him. I drank the whole way. I don't even remember saying goodbye. My wife was secretly cataloging my antics. "Drank x amount of bottles today. Stole from the kids piggy bank to buy booze. Passed out when watching the kids." No doubt she was building a case to leave me and take full custody of the kids I don't blame her. A year ago I spent the night sure I was dying. I laid on the couch with a fan blowing on me sweating shaking vomiting every few minutes. By morning the vomit had turned into the coffee grounds texture and color of blood. I woke my wife and said maybe I needed to go to the hospital. In the emergency room when asked what was going on I told the truth for the first time. My wife looked absolutely shocked. After a plethora of blood tests an endoscopy enough Ativan to sedate a horse and a very nice nurse who had been through recovery herself I settled in and began to detox. I met with the doctor who informed me another relapse like this would likely be my last. There was no a-ha moment no vision no deep thought. When I was released I didn't know exactly what to do. So I fell back on the basics of what I had done so many times before and I went straight to a meeting. When asked about myself and how I got there all I could come up with to say was "I'm not ready to die." .. I can't tell you what the secret is. I'm still not sure how I got here from 364 days ago. I went to meetings I cried I prayed I reached out I took it one day at a time. In the last year I rebuilt my relationships became a better father husband son and brother. I found a job that pays more than I've ever made. I went back to school. I moved my family out of my in law's and into our very first house back in my home state. I live and laugh and love everyday. I still don't know what I'm doing or how it will all turn out but I do know I have made my life worth living.
----------immediate responses--------

That's a really inspiring story - thank you for sharing and congratulations!
Wow! I shall live laugh and love with you today. I'll also send you an invite to the dinos congrats on your one year.
Congratulations!! A wonderful story of redemption! I'm right behind you!
Congratulations on your SOBER orbit around the sun.
&gt; I can't tell you what the secret is. I'm still not sure how I got here from 364 days ago. I went to meetings I cried I prayed I reached out I took it one day at a time. In the last year I rebuilt my relationships became a better father husband son and brother. .&gt; .Sounds like you know it's not a "secret" and you know what works. ..**High^Five for 365!**
That is wonderful!!  Congratulations and thank you for sharing.  Wow what a turnaround!
Thank you for sharing this.
Congrats baby Dino!!
