-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pi7py/day_one_again_alcohol_is_ruining_my_life_i_have/

Throwaway this time cause I always had to delete my other comments. I am gonna actually try to post more...I need to let this out. ..I was always friends with older people. I started smoking at age 12 had my first drink when I was maybe 14. Drank a bottle of wine. All due to older kids I knew getting it for me. I've always been pretty mature for my age and it's led me to grow up too quick. Anyways... It all started at 14 or so. I didn't abuse it. I didn't even like it much. But when I was 16 my mom died. It changed everything. I very quickly went from being a casual pot smoker to pretty much doing everything under the sun. At age 16 I found that the gas station near my house thought I looked older. Every night I scrounged up 2 bucks to get a 40 Oz cobra malt liquor. Within 6 months I was buying 2 of them per night. That's 80 ounces of 6 percent alcohol beer for a fucking 16 year old. I didn't stop there. I drank 2 of those a night every night for 3 years. In those 3 years I think I wasn't drunk maybe less than 5 nights. ..Then it quickly turned into what would supplement my 80 Oz of beer. Shots weed whatever. Steal a pint of vodka from the corner store maybe scrounge up 6 bucks and a 3rd 40 oz beer. I took pride in the fact that I could drink so much and still handle myself. I've always been big on not being an idiot I never got into fights while drunk and such. I'd just be the super happy funny party guy. Never got mad really. Just drank and drank and drank. By junior year of high school I was friends with kids who graduated started selling pot started doing Xanax very often I started out taking 1 bar of Xanax and drinking my usual 80 oz of beer. I got to a point where on my worst night I took upwards of 8 or 9 bars of Xanax and my usual beer plus shots plus weed plus whatever. I was driving around on that many substances. I had people coming up to me at school telling me how funny I was at some party. I didn't even know I had went to a party. What party? ..This scared me. I quit Xanax cold turkey and haven't had any desire to do it since. I guess since I successfully got that under control I told myself "clearly I've got the alcohol under control then." but I kept going. I should also add that my dad is a major drug addict and I come from a very fucked up family. Between my mom dying and my dad's crack cocaine abuse all I wanted to do was go out and forget my shitty life. I was born into a rich family my dad lost all of it on drugs. So by this time I had lost my mom who I lived with for only 4 or 5 months alone we had FINALLY gotten away from my dad when she died. I lived with friends it didn't work. I ended up back with my dad. It took so long to get away from him only to end up back there. ..So by senior year I'm with my dad. Drinking and partying seeing him doing the same shit. I missed 63 days of school my senior year. 63. The only reason I passed is because the teachers knew what was going on and I told them I'd get the work done which I did. But that's a story for another day. ..Around this time I went to a house party at one of my best friends house. He got way too drunk and pulled a kitchen knife on me nearly sliced my thumb off. It did permanent nerve damage. I have played guitar since I was 5 and I am very good at it and he ruined a life long dream to play music for a living. This was the next trigger of my serious drinking habit. It ruined a part of me. I didn't have health insurance either. It put me over 25k in debt. Just another reason to drink right.... ..After this right after graduation of high school the girl I'd been dating through this entire time the girl I credit with being the only reason I didn't blow my head off when my mom died the girl I loved since 7th grade told me she'd been cheating on me with a friend of mine the whole time. They got married the summer after high school and moved 8 states away. It was one of the worst things I've ever gone through. I drank my way through that obviously. ..Anyways sorry I know I'm rambling. By end of senior year I had snorted heroin done tons and tons of percocets cocaine shrooms and acid nitrous every iteration of weed imaginable X Christ I can't even think of all id done. All of it. ..But I stopped all of that. I dabble in stuff occasionally but basically completely stopped all the insane drug use. Except alcohol. After senior year using money I saved up from working I drove across the US and saw almost every major landmark you name it. It totally changed me. When I came back I had a new work ethic. A new mindset. I started working harder and have since then worked my way up to a store manager of a major electronics chain while also going to school full time with a 4.0 GPA. But the entire time I've been a functioning alcoholic. I quit the drugs but still drink every single night. ..That 80 oz of beer ended about 2 years ago. I discovered GOOD beer. I developed a ridiculously good taste in alcohol. The problem with that? I now drink 10 percent or higher alcohol beer. Or 151 proof alcohol. You get the idea. I'm a huge IPA fan. I turned 21 and started spending real money on alcohol. 50 60 bucks a night. 7 or 8 tall IPAs 3 or 4 shots of whiskey maybe a jack and coke to end the night. Christ I've probably spend 5000 on alcohol since turning 21...In January my best friend of ten years killed himself. More then that he was my brother. His dad died and I was the first he called. My mom died and he was the first I called. It destroyed me. I told myself I'd get sober for him. I made it 19 days after the funeral without a drink and then relapsed so hard I'm just now realizing it. I've been drunk every night since some nights spending almost 100 bucks just buying people shots and drinking so much eating too much food every night after work I head straight to the bars. ..The problem? I'm starting to feel it's toll. I used to not get hungover. But now I'm starting to feel it. I'm no longer a functioning alcoholic if I keep this up within one year I'll lose my job. My employers don't know. My friends don't know. But I know what it is doing to me. I look awful my face is turning red I have gained 60 pounds I have a huge double chin and beer belly. I used to be an athlete. I cannot look myself in the eye when I look in the mirror. I look awful and I wonder why girls only see me as the funny drunk friend and not a guy they want to date. I am getting sick during the day while at work. I have to stop and I am so scared that I can't. ..My friends laugh when I say I think I'm an alcoholic. They say I'm too young. But I've been drinking longer then all of them. Am I not the very definition of alcoholic? It's killing me. I am crying in my car on break at work typing this. I am sick and I feel like I'm gonna puke. I made it 2 days the last time I quit which led to me drinking 8 24oz IPAs last night and 2 or 3 shots of whiskey. I had told myself I'd get a beer or 2 that's it. I drank until one bar closed and drove to the next one and drank until that bar closed. Then got up today for class at 9am and I work until close tonight at 8pm. I can't do this anymore. I just can't. I can feel it ruining my body. ..I am 22 years old. I am a raging alcoholic. I am terrified. I will get sober or I will die trying.
----------immediate responses--------

I dunno if it's hormones but I'm tearing up with you. I can feel your sadness through the screen...There are many pathways to get sober. ..I never thought I was worth getting sober. I was.
There IS hope! You're reaching out you've admitted the problem; friend I believe in you! Your youth can be a great asset. I was terrified but in my first aa meeting I found a group of folks who really understood me. They welcomed me and helped me realize I wasn't alone. This journey to wholeness only has to be taken one.day.at.a.time. One moment at a time. We're here for you. You can do this!
This touched me your story in fact.  This is a great group and you are not alone unless you want to be.  Use us and get sober for yourself and to honor your friend's memory.  
I will not drink with you today! Just say it and stick with it today. Tomorrow is another day.
[removed]
Your story resonates with me. I started young at 14 with alcohol. Rehab at 16. Stayed sober for a while then started all over again binge drinking every day and stuffing every drug I could get ahold of down the hatch or up the nose or into the lungs. As I got older I "grew out of" most of the other drugs but alcohol was my old standby...Alcoholism has nothing to do with age. If you are ready to stop we are here for you. Also you've had so much tragedy in your life. I hope you can find some professional help so that you can begin to process all of this trauma you've endured...One more thing. I am 43 and just now coming to my senses. The insight you are showing at your age is a gift. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. I pledge not to drink with you today.
You've had a very painful time and you've survived to find yourself here. It sounds like alcohol has been your buffer against more agony than many people could deal with at all and while making a commitment to cut that buffer out because it will kill you is the beginning at some point I think you'll have to find healthier coping mechanisms. Without some sort of coping mechanism you'll get eaten alive. ..The amount of money you've been spending on this habit could be a blessing in disguise: what if every day you took the amount of money you probably would have spent on alcohol and put it in a jar towards grief therapy instead? Therapy can provide a great toolkit to get a handle on hurt to ride it out or prevent it instead of just numbing it...You know you need to stop drinking you have this great community here and you can probably find an IRL community to support you as well. You can do this! There will be slip-ups but be kind to yourself and keep on looking foward...My heart goes out to you stranger. All the best.
Something that helps me is to think about all the minutes and hours in the day that I am not drinking and to build on that.  I'm finding that sometimes a 24 hr pledge is to long for me to focus on and an hour pledge is better.  Or 30 min... or 5 min...  in that time I get a plan together and try to stick with it.  I'm on day one as well and the people here are really good at making people feel empowered.  You can do this!
I'm here with you not drinking today.  I want to tell you that you CAN do it! I have found that the key for me is to not pick up that first drink.  I was sober for 2 years the first time I gave up drinking for real but decided I needed to try controlled drinking.  Well the tl/dr version of that story is it didn't work! But giving up trying to control something that I can't control is the easy part.  If I don't pick up a drink today there's no concern about me having to control it.  Thank you for sharing your story and your struggle.  Hugs! 
Any family physician can prescribe meds to deal with the sickness of withdrawal.  Sounds like you know you need to stop.  Seek medical attention and do it.  Make sure have someone with you for the first 5 days at least.  
My heart hangs heavy with your story.  I'm glad you've found SD...please join us.  One day at a time.  Blessings to you...
I have no doubt that someone can do something once they set their mind to it.  Just be safe.  From what I read it sounds like a lot of alcohol you were drinking.  But if you quit Xanax cold turkey then you probably can handle this.  I quit clonopin cold turkey...no withdrawals.  But something about quitting alcohol cold turkey fucked me up and it was scary.  Anyway good luck and please be safe :) 
Thank you all for the comments. I'm kinda sick tonight and don't know if I can respond to everyone. I'm really really tired. But I do want to post more and if anyone wants to hear more just let me know. I am very busy with work and school so I have no time to speak to a counselor or even hang out with the few friends (soon to be basically none cause I guarantee you they only hang with me to drink) I have so I'm sure I'll spend a little more time in here... 
our stories are very different but the pain is similar. thank you for writing all of this out. it sounds like you have a great deal of tragedy to process. my heart and mind are with you! SD is an amazing resource I post here when I feel weak or happy or sad or whatever and people are so kind and helpful. I will not drink with you tonight.
Yeah that sounds about right. Different trauma on my end and a slightly different path of drug use ending in complete and utter alcoholism but I was about there when I was your age...I kept going I've been in the ER three times for alcohol withdrawal. I've drank mouthwash and cologne. Spent my entire adult life drinking anything I could find just to numb shit out so I didn't have to feel a hole in my heart...You can do it. Find a support group. Don't listen to your friends. My friends told me the same damn thing but I wasn't in denial about my alcoholism. It gives me no joy to point out that the friend who told me that the longest is now spending his time either in jail or mainlining heroin until he gets caught up again...You're worth it dude you don't have to keep doing this to yourself. It sounds hollow coming from a stranger on the internet but I've fucking been there. I know where that road leads. Things only get worse and worse and worse from here. ..I kept going after a suicide attempt at 22 failed by an insane set of circumstances that still baffle me I couldn't bring myself to try again and I just decided I was going to drink until I died. I still feel like doing it sometimes. The difference is that I'm not actually doing it right now...You CAN stop though. It'll be rough going at first but things get better. If you keep drinking they're just going to get worse.
I'm so proud of you for writing this. 
I will not drink with you tonight. Dealing with that pain must have been awful. You are here now. Now is your Time. All you! You can do this hour by hour. Anxiety will arrive claustrophobia (bad for me) might come...but they will all go away. Be simple. One step one hour one day. Then reset next day to keep not drinking. One step one hour one day. Then reset to keep not drinking.  This is your time to take care of you. You can do this. Check here often and every day! .
Right here  right now I will not drink with you.   This sub has truly helped me begin this journey of sobriety and I hope that you stay on that journey with me!
You can do this my man. I got sober when I was 28 so I am relatively young like you are. I swore that my life was ruined. A 28 year old sober single man whose friends social lives revolved around drinking. The reality is I am living a much better life now and there is no doubt in my mind that I made the right decision. Use SD and any other support system that you can grab onto. For my first three months I had my outpatient rehab AA my sponsor and other sober (new) friends and SD. Without these systems I would have been screwed! 
as stupid as it sounds the thing that kept me going when I quit for a year last year was setting up my badge and having my sober days counted here. I love getting up every day and seeing how many days Ive made it. There was something about having that streak of days going and not wanting it to end that kept me sober for a year. Maybe you should set yours up?..also just make it a point to get on here every day and read other people's stories for inspiration and be supportive of them too. you are a part of THIS family and you belong...good luck with everything.
