-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pzx1g/distressing_trigger/

Hello everyone.  Thanks for being here...I have been working on sobriety since early March.  Have had a few relapses but climbed directly back on the wagon each time and am currently doing well.  I am starting to feel more optimistic that I can beat this affliction and that true sobriety is within my grasp...However.....I have a lingering trigger that has me both concerned and frustrated.  Like most people I can't drive around town to run errands without passing numerous liquor stores along the way.  While I am normally fine at home and rarely bothered by urges any more I find driving past the stores I used to frequent for "fuel" triggers strong cravings and anxiety.  As soon as I'm in the area of any of the local liquor stores my demons start whispering sweet nothings in my ear.  I try to stay focused on just completing my errands but on several occasions I' had to change my plans and rush home in order to insure I didn't buy any alcohol.  It can be very disturbing and distressing.  ..I am quite fine when I leave home.  Not thinking about drinking and feeling normal.  Yet once in the vicinity of a liquor store I start to psych myself out.  It's not a physical craving....purely psychological.  Yet it is very strong and leaves me shaken.  ..I'm sure I'm not the only one who has dealt with this.  And I would appreciate any tips tricks or advice to help me overcome this wicked temptation.  While I don't mind staying inside much of the time I certainly can't remain in self imposed house arrest forever.  This is the worst of my triggers and the most difficult for me since I can't use the tools I would normally use....like closing my eyes and meditating watching TV reading or cooking something...Any input would be most welcome.  Thanks for listening.  I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Were it me I'd take the time to stop in my car side of the road or a nearby parking lot maybe and write about it. Think about it. Grab it wrestle it to the gurney strap it in and start cutting. Nothing's scary once I pin it down and start to take it apart. I do this so I can understand it because once you understand a thing you go a good ways towards overcoming it. 
I had a problem with grocery stores at the beginning - I worried about the liquor aisle and I couldn't exactly avoid going to the grocery store. It got much easier as time went on and now it's not an issue. I had to change my shopping habits. Instead of stopping at the store on my way home for dinner supplies which in the old days would include picking up something alcoholic I went earlier in the day. And I went into the store with a firm list of what to buy. I also made sure to get myself a treat of some kind that I normally wouldn't buy so I was focused on picking that out instead of thinking about the liquor aisle...I don't know how helpful that is for your situation. Maybe it would help if you planned out a firm route for yourself on google maps before leaving preferably one that avoided going directly by any liquor stores? And having a firm plan of where you're going in what order might help. You're not going to stop at any liquor stores  because you're going to go on the next place on your list and then you're going home. Maybe also including a stop somewhere you like or stopping for some sort of "treat" might be helpful so you have a positive "I'm doing this for me to feel good" on your errand list.
This might sound crazy but I do a dry run in my head in advance preferably the night before while I am relaxed on the pillow with my eyes closed. I imagine myself going through each step on my journey: where I'll go and what I'll do. That way the next day I have a firm plan and I stick to it. I can't inadvertently have a drink because it's not in the plan. If I know that I am going to have a craving at a certain time such as when I pass a liquor store I still feel it but I am not broadsided by it because I anticipated it. I look at my watch and say "Okay it's 11:15 (or whatever) this feeling will be gone by 11:25." This doesn't stop the cravings from happening but it takes away some of their power. Hope this helps.
In early sobriety I did the best that I could to stay away from triggers even if it meant driving in the opposite direction for a while. I talked to myself out loud while driving. Because I'm a crazy person and because it totally helped. I talked about how proud I was of my sobriety and that these thoughts and feelings would pass.
I can relate but you can't hide from alcohol because it's everywhere :-/ When I was in rehab I wrote a letter to my addiction (alcoholism) and I took a picture of it and when I get triggered to the point of actually wanting a drink I pull it up and read it. I'm sure I'll have it memorized soon :-D ..What I struggle with the most are surprise triggers not the ones I anticipate. I remember going into a (new) convenience store recently and the second I walked in I saw that it was lined front to back with bottles of wine my drink of choice. I could almost immediately taste wine in my mouth it was that bad. But I put my head down got my cigarettes and went to a meeting. 
