-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4q1c2v/going_to_my_first_meeting_tomorrow_i_cant_take/

I've been a member of this subreddit for about two years now and it's finally come to the point that I absolutely can not live like this anymore. I've struggled with drinking for the past 11 years it's cost me my school my dreams all of my friends and a few family members. After living with my parents for about the past 8 years because i couldn't find a decent paying job I finally landed one last year. I'll be there a year July 11 if I don't get fired. I just moved into a new place and have been on a bender for about the last two weeks. I woke up Friday morning after calling into work for three straight days and my bank account over drawn and all of my credit cards maxed out. All of my savings gone because i spent it on booze i don't even have money for gas let alone food. I've tried so many times to stop drinking this year and I could never make it past two weeks but I literally can't afford to fail this time. That's why I didn't want to make a throwaway account for this post I really want to be held accountable and that's also why I've finally built up enough courage to go to my first meeting. I'm sorry for the long post it's just time for me to start putting myself together and I could really use all the support I can get at this point. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard. We're glad you're here. Enjoy your meeting and let us know how it goes.
Glad you are here.  I am praying for you.  Regardless of your situation  it's never too late to start digging your way out.  Let's do this.  I will not drink with you today! 
Everyone at that meeting has a story similar to yours. Good luck to you. You can do it.
It may seem scary and intimating but you will be glad you went! I also recommend talking with someone before or  after and letting them know you are a newcomer. They are so welcoming and you will feel much more supported. I like to get there early to get comfortable in the environment. Let us know how it goes! 
It's great you're here. I find A A meetings really helpful.
Glad you're here!  Have you seen u/coolcrosby Baby Steps to Stop Drinking?
