-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qatda/learning_how_to_do_aa_wheres_the_manual/

I hope this doesn't ramble too much- I'm definitely looking to hear advice and experiences whether I'm going to like it or not!..I've read the big book and will continue to but where I struggle is that it doesn't really tell me much about how I go about starting the program and I don't know how to find out information about how it works- that slightly patronizing preamble is a bit abstract and the meetings so structured that I find it all very difficult to orienteer...I've been enjoying meetings for the last 3 weeks or so... all speaker meetings. I'm an introvert so if I stick around for one or two conversations with strangers or say hi to a few people I've seen before it feels as though I'm bounding across the moon. I get the sense though that other people feel I'm doing it wrong.  "AA isn't just meetings you need a sponsor you need to work the steps". OK. How do you do that? "you take numbers and you call them". OK what am I supposed to say when I call? ..I'm not being sarcastic I truly have no idea and talking on the phone seems so old fashioned I use the phone for very specific things at work or to quickly make plans with friends or to order pizza when there is no way to order online I never call just to talk unless it's my mom and even then it's only to make her happy. What do you even say when you're not struggling with a craving (which I honestly thought was what you were supposed to call people for up until now)..I know it's on me and if I want it I have to go and get it. I just wish there was a plan that explains everything or a list of questions to ask or a timeline or what you are supposed to do first. How do I manage conflicting advice (get a sponsor asap... take your time people dont realize you need to get sober first... get a home group and start washing coffee pots)..I'm guessing the answer is that I have consider the opinions presented whether or not I like the people and proceed at the pace and style that I decide is right. For sponsors- do you just keep asking person after person until someone doesn't reject you? Why is this all so hard?!?...
----------immediate responses--------

I wrote this [post on the nuts-and-bolts of a first AA meeting.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/)  It's on the /r/alcoholism sidebar and it used to be in the FAQ here as well.
Well you're going to meetings are you talking to anyone? A sponsor is someone who helps you work the twelve steps and pretty much anyone would be willing to do the job. If you run into someone who is not willing I'd bet money they'd instead try to hook you up with someone who is willing...This is because we in AA get the best medicine by helping others. When I help a newcomer I'm getting the most magical manna from heaven that carries me through my day. I would never want to pass that up!..As for you the not-so-secret secret of picking a sponsor is that you want to work with someone who has what you want. Look for someone who is living a life that is in line with the kind of life you want to lead...And if they don't work out pick someone else. Sponsorship isn't a contract. It's not structured. There are no rules. You have the option of choice here.
I like to think of a sponsor as a translator.  If i was learning a new language i wouldnt sit down a read through a book expecting to understand it.  A sponsor is there to guide you through the steps.  If you're uncomfortable talking over the phone try to find someone who would be willing to meet up in person.  A lot of the questions you have asked are perfect questions for a sponsor to answer.  I'd Just be open and honest.  If you dont know what to say say exactly that :)  If you are having a huge craving call them up and say im having a huge craving.  I would try not to overcomplicate things.  AA is a simple program... not always easy though.
Asking someone to sponsor you is like asking someone to prom!..But you will feel better once you do it
Sponsors are a good idea. I had one the first time I got sober but when I left rehab I never picked up another one...So is investing in a copy of the 12 and 12 which is a bit less opaque to the modern mind and goes in depth into each of the steps and traditions.
[removed]
I go to meetings talk to other alcoholics and try to make sense of the suggested 12 steps as a guide for recovery in a way that makes sense to me. That's my manual. The point (I think) is to collectively figure out how to a) stop drinking and b) live a healthy happy life which can take some work for people who abused alcohol. So sharing with others helps as it does here. Different people have different takes on the steps and literature. The reason there's no other manual as far as I can tell is that drunks already hate being told what to do even this much. If you're showing up and being honest you're doing it right (in my opinion). But it wouldn't hurt to bring up these questions at a meeting. 
I went through this too. The feeling I should be doing somthing? Something more? Somthing else?..Try this. Step 11 gives an outlne on how to live each day on pages 86-88. This was suggested to me and I found it very helpful.
when you call say someone told you to say you were 'just practicing'.that will get a laugh.   ..also ask "is this a good time to call" it takes all the pressure off...Don't sweat it there is a large culture shock in AA - a good one but large...
I go to AA I don't have a sponsor I don't work the steps. (I do have a therapist though who specializes in addiction and I read non-AA-related recovery literature on my own). Nobody will kick you out if you don't feel comfortable getting a sponsor or if you have objections to the steps. I don't think AA is all or nothing; I think you can pick and choose the parts that work for you and leave the rest. ..Glad the meetings are helping you!
There isn't a guide because every meeting and every group is different. The beauty of the organization is its diversity. Embrace the openness and go to different meetings at different times and meet different people who have had different experiences.
Here's the good news:  the program is not a "cookie-cutter" and your program is tailor made just for YOU !!..Here's the bad news:  the program is not a "cookie-cutter" and your program is tailor made just for YOU !!..I hope you smiled.    I'm not being glib.  ..Here's my *abridged/short hand explanation of the process*:..I decided I want to (a) stop drinking; and (b) improve my life...Attending meetings helps me especially with "a" because I have fellowship accountability people who can give me feedback on my strange thoughts people who understand what a craving feels like and have advice and support to help me when they occur...WRT to "b" I think of this as 'self-improvement' work.  This is where a sponsor comes in (of course it could be a skilled professional therapist counselor etc.).  It's not 'done by phone' but in person.  The phone calls are for cravings and check in if you need it.  For example many people go to the grocery store for supplies and when they walk by the beer/wine aisle a lightening quick craving grabs hold and it's good to have a number to call and say "help I'm in the wine aisle and the Pinot Noir is calling my name!"  A competent sponsor can support you as you do your work through the steps.  I think it's important to note that the "Steps" didn't originate in AA.  These are human behavior and relationship principles that go back through our recorded history.  Greek tragedies Shakespearean plays etc.  In many instances or even the majority of instances IMO they can be traced to fear pride resentment anger self-centeredness and self-indulgence.  ..Hope that helps.  You'll develop your program for your needs.  It's not difficult to get started.  The 'work' itself especially that related to admitting how I am; disclosing my fears and insecurities sounds scary.  However it is one of the most liberating and useful things I have ever done...Good luck!..Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.
I want to share u/greatmainewoods post with you on going to AA meetings.  [5 weeks and some insights](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qbjvc/5_weeks_of_aa_meetings_ive_learned_so_much_its/)...
Great post great questions...When I got sober we only had IBM 386 pc's mobile phones were a rarity and the interwebs were a hidden secret  (unless you knew genie and bbs boards)...Anyway I guess it was a blessing perhaps as I had a lot of the same questions however the only place I could find the answers were from fellow AA members who had been on the journey already and had adopted the design for living outlined in the book Alcoholics Anonymous. ..Really though for all your questions you also posted the answers. ..As for the directions  start on page 20 and read and study through the end of chapter 7...What to talk about on the phone? You and learning how to live sober a day at a time...Getting a home group is a really good idea then start letting some people know you. Making coffee is a really good thing as is helping clean up after the meeting.  That is how I learned to participate in my recovery from alcoholism and how to be a friend to others....Personally for me I don't think anyone should wait to get a sponsor.  I got my first sponsor my second day not drinking.  I have had a few over the years.   My sponsor shared his knowledge of the book with me how to adopt the design for living to my life and he turned out to be a good friend.   I was devastated when he went back to drinking when I was a couple years sober.   However I learned a great lesson from that also....I would encourage you to take the plunge and put into practice the suggestions you shared in your post.  ...Congratulations on not drinking today....
Introvert here also.   Have you met anyone that attracts you in the sense of "I wish I could be like that?"  Try to connect with that person and learn something about them.  Ask about their interests history life outside of recovery etc.  I connected in this way with a small band of brothers who carried me through my first year.  They became my instruction manual.  It made all the difference.
