-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qihvo/a_question_that_i_might_get_answered_or_be_sent/

Hello group!..I want to start by saying I am not an alcoholic but the "SO" of an alcoholic. ..Also I want to say keep it up! I've read so many stories here of the struggles and i think the world of all of you. The courage and desire to get help and to help is such a wonderful thing. ..The reason I'm writing here because I'm unable to get any clarity on something I'm going through. I'm seriously trying to understand from this perspective. Been with a girl for more than 4 years who was an alcoholic. A lot of problems had came from this. I tried my best but wasn't equipped to help like I thought I was. After reading on here I'm realized how little I actually knew of the daily struggle. I'm ashamed but trying to learn. I learned that I needed help resolving some past issues we had. I ended up needing al-anon/therapy and working the program. She left a while ago to recover with family and friends. We said we would take some time but not break up. However as time goes by we aren't reconnecting. I'm trying to be supportive and understanding. I can't find any literature of being on the receiving end of this. I feel like the only person in the world who had the drinker leave them when they were at least trying to be supportive. I was way too protective of the sobriety. Maybe it's tough on them? Maybe it's shame? When we talk she sounds so sad. I have read every recovery book I can get my hand on. Just trying to understand what goes on but can't get any answer.  Maybe some of you have been through a similar circumstance and could provide some clarity. If I'm out of line or out of bounds please delete my post. I completely understand because I don't want to rehash what anyone is possibly going through. It's an odd situation that someone might have similar circumstances and could benefit with the anonymousness of Reddit. ..Thank you and God bless all of you.  
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It sounds to me like you are going through a regular old breakup which is always hard. I'm sorry that you are going through it - but in my opinion no one will be able to explain her reasons except her. Unfortunately we don't always get an explanation and just have to move on. Maybe some of the people in your al-anon meetings have some experience with a similar situation and can share how they were able to let go. I'm sorry that you are hurting.
Hi I'm sorry your heart is broken.  Break-ups suck.  I don't know your ex-girlfriend's thoughts and feelings but it sounds like she wants space to work them out on her own or with the support of family/friends.  It must hurt to be left out of that circle but I don't know of anything you can do to work your way in.  
You said you are protective of her sobriety. She is protective of her sobriety too I'm sure and that not you is her focus. This is my guess. ..You are a good person for supporting her!!!             
I can only really speak for myself but if I were in a similar situation the shame and feeling like a failure would be enough to push you away. I broke up with a boyfriend a long time ago under similar circumstances. not alcoholism then just depression and ptsd but I broke up with him because I felt like I was failing as a girlfriend for being unable to be strong and healthy like he apparently was (we went through something awful together which is where the ptsd came from). ..I couldn't handle the pressure of trying to be Somebody for someone you know? I was hurting so badly all I wanted to do was curl up in a corner not stand squarely next to someone and be a healthy contributing member of the relationship. So I left. I'm sorry you're going through this tell her of this sub! she's (and you're and anyone's) always welcome.
If it were me I don't know if I could handle the guilt of what I might have done while I was drinking. The kind of damage I might have done to a relationship. I want to give the best of myself to the one I love. And I'm definitely not the best when alcohol is involved. ..I had to get over a lot of self loathing before I felt worthy of love. I can't know what's going on in your girl's head. She may just not be able to be in a relationship right now. Thank you for sharing your point of view.
She's healing some people when they truly start trying to get sober well are a little lost and maybe a little crazy. I was nuts my brain was not having sobriety I could never have carried on a relationship through my initial stop. You're really sweet and courageous for asking for help here I wish you the best.
