-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qkue9/day_eight_the_test/

Today has been the most challenging day of my sobriety so far. ..It is pay day and I have a slight spending problem as well as a drinking problem. Elevated with adrenaline and flush with cash at some point in the day - the drive home to pin point it exactly - I decided that I would drink. I would buy a six pack of my favourite ale and I would drink. My mouth started to water at the thought of cracking that bottle. ..I was conflicted - as I have started to do on the way home I was listening to AA featured speakers talk about their sobriety and the program. But I wanted a drink and I am so so used to getting what I want. I was not a spoiled child but I have that aspect of personality that goes: want get have. I wanted that beer. I wanted to get that beer. I wanted to have it. ..I made a deal with myself: If I were to drive past a drive through bottle shop I would drop in and get that coveted six park. But only IF. Well this is Australia. The side of town that I have moved to certainly doesn't have 4 bottle shops in a 3 minute proximity (it's a nicer side of town) but even in this new unfamiliar area the likelihood was that I would cross one. And I did but I didn't stop. Not hitting my indicator and turning into that shop was one of the hardest things I have had to do in the last 8 days. ..I almost cried. I wanted that beer so badly but then I thought about my evening post here and what I would say. I thought about the speakers I had listened to who had not relapsed but had discussed the perils of lone sobriety. I thought about my history and where I am now and I realised that heck I used to be anorexic; for a decade I said no to most food. Essential life-giving delicious food but I couldn't say no to alcohol at the first opportunity? Drinking tonight would lead to drinking tomorrow which would lead to drinking this weekend and probably forever - or at least until I dragged my sorry self back here to start over - which there is absolutely no shame in doing but still. It would not have been just one beer. ..I said no to myself. I'm starting to think that the only way forward is to get to a meeting. Each day I look them up I anticipate going and each day I don't go. The meeting is the final stop; it is admitting defeat it is admitting that I have a real problem and that I need help. All of the above is true but to say the words aloud? It seems so finite. ..I did not drink tonight. It was so hard. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!   
Outstanding!
.&gt;The meeting is the final stop; it is admitting defeat it is admitting that I have a real problem and that I need help.   ..We're all on a journey to be the best versions of ourselves. EVERYONE not just people here but as a general statement on humanity and the human condition : we're all trying to be the best version of ourselves.   ..This isn't defeat at all because it's a positive step in that direction for you. You're making strides to improve your very way of life. That doesn't come easily and there are always setbacks but going to meetings isn't one. :)  ..Be well my friend ..
Thanks for sharing your story. I think you handled yourself well and I believe you will wake up tomorrow a stronger person. The feeling you will get knowing that you did not give in will be very empowering! Anytime in the future that you get that feeling again just think back to how you were able to overcome it today. You did it! Well done. Keep it up!
great work in playing the tape forward and taking a wise decision .. you will be stronger on next pay day/weekend  ..
A true NDV.
Great job. Not defeat by any means but absolute success and inspirational too.
Getting through the weak moments is the real exhibition of strength and I'm so glad that in the end you let YOU make the decision and not some external factor. This is how we need to operate every day! 
I know exactly that feel of once I make up my mind to drink it becomes an almost unstoppable force. You did awesome! 
I understand what you mean about going to the meetings.  I am proud and I feel like I have to be perfect.  I went to my third meeting yesterday.  It was a huge relief to go there and admit that I'm imperfect to a bunch of kind strangers who know they're imperfect too.  The way I felt after leaving that meeting was kind of like the way I feel after I come clean about a lie.  Lighter.  
Congrats on the victory! Annie Grace's book "This Naked Mind" helped me put an ending to the wanting.
You have made great strides.  I'm proud of you for not drinking last night :)
