-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qm3j8/for_those_whose_struggle_involves_getting_their/

I'd like to share this article from Harvard Health: http://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/why-its-hard-to-change-unhealthy-behavior.."The expert conclusion is that any effort you make in the right direction is worthwhile even if you encounter setbacks or find yourself backsliding from time to time."...As well as the last paragraph which I'll summarize: relapse is common maybe inevitable and it part of the change process. Some relapses set you way back and you need to work your way back up to even thinking about getting sober again. ....We all have different ways to approach our struggle but even if you fail the time you spend working towards success was worth something. Next time you get back to the point were you are actively getting sober you will be better from the last time you tried even though you may not have succeeded....It puts things in perspective for me. I'm going to keep trying to get that /r/stopdrinking streak as long as I can!
----------immediate responses--------

Saved. Thanks!
Thanks for posting this.  I had 18 months fell off for a few months and now I'm back.  I feel pretty good and have learned from my mistakes.  
Agreed! I don't consider relapse a total failure and forfeiture of progress. Critical for me was identifying the cause of the relapse and figuring out what I would do next time to extend my streak of sobriety.
Thanks for this post. I'm doing so well right now. I don't want to get too complacent but I can't live in fear of a relapse either. I think this is a positive take on the whole thing. :)
I lost a three-week streak early in the year and disappeared down the shaft for about 4 or 5 months. That was the wrong way obviously. And it scares me so bad to think about it now that I don't want to ever go back to that place. What if I can't climb back out? I'm not getting any younger after all...In the past 6 weeks however I've had precisely 4 days where I drank. I'm considering that a good thing. ..And today I'm not drinking. ..I'm saving the article for reading after work is done.
[removed]
A relapse doesn't mean failure. You can learn a lot after a relapse. You can also learn a lot every time you avoid a relapse.
Wow what a great article and I agree with a lot of its points. This one really stuck out for me: .."One problem may be that we're motivated too often by a sense of guilt fear or regret. Experts who study behavior change agree that long-lasting change is most likely when it's self-motivated and rooted in positive thinking."..I'm not a praying man but when I read that I said "Amen!". I see a few posts in here motivated by guilt or fear. Unfortunately those accounts are often deleted a few days later. I just scrolled through my comment history recently and it is littered with deleted accounts and posts...The success stories I frequently read are those folks who see the positive benefits of their decision and how it completely outweighs any perceived benefits of drinking. I haven't read a success story yet that mentioned someone who thought they were sacrificing a major part of their lives...In addition it seems like success comes to those folks who pushed themselves and were not pushed by another person. Again I have yet to read a (long-lasting) success story where someone was prodded or threatened into not drinking by someone else. The will to change has to come from within. Good to see science backing this up. 
[If I can be an example of being sober I can be an example of starting over](https://youtu.be/rXVaq7EdZ7M)
Beautiful thank you!
