-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qpex9/joining_military/

Hello ladies and gentlemen. Ive been a daily drinker for 5 years and havnt accomplished much in my life. Im in my mid twenties and decided enough is enough. I ship out in the near future and as of today 6/30 I am 13 days sober. I dont think Ive been 13 days sober since I was in high school let alone the past 5 years. My blood pressure has been high to high in fact to where I could get med dropped when I ship. My friend asked me if I was going to let alcohol ruin my chance at a career in the military because I wouldnt stop to get my BP in order. So the next day I quit cold turkey. I was averaging a 12 pack of light beer a day for 5 years and I couldnt imagine not drinking. But I made it past day one then two and so on. Now Im on day 13 but every single day I feel like Im about to relapse. Every day I almost buy beer or walk by the liquor store and think about buying just one baby shot. I tell myself ive made it 2 weeks what if I just drink tonight then quit again. Could that really set back my progress on my BP? I dont know but I have to mentally kick myself in the ass when I get these thoughts. Im worried I may not make it the next 5 weeks but Ive already made it to two so I keep telling myself I can. Its exhausting though and all my thoughts are either of drinking or shipping out. I just wanted to ramble thank you for listening. Going for a run now to clear my head.
----------immediate responses--------

Check out joe and Charlie part 2 AA on YouTube. Talks about the physical and mental effects of alcohol. 
The 13th day turns into 14 tomorrow! You are making choices for yourself that lead toward a respectable goal! Keep it up and keep posting!
Excellent job! Keep fighting the good fight.
does the military have support services like AA? Might want to ask around discreetly. My best friend was kicked out of the Army for drinking during basic. The rules are different there. .
