-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qq7bk/struggling_to_get_to_day_3_seeking/

I've had a weird month.  At the moment I'm also facing some health issues which are not related to drinking (blood clots either arthritis or a cracked hip from an old mountain biking injury)...I've gone to treatment on my own two years ago and stayed for 6 months though it was a 3 month program.  For me the last two years has gone from bad to worse...Also I keep track of the days that I drink.  For the month of June my pattern has been to drink every other day except for two occurrences (one last week and one the week before) where I didn't drink for two days in a row...I don't drink in the morning or during the day.. just in the evening when I'm alone and bored basically...Almost 100% of the time if I go to AA I will go and pick up...I'm not looking for a miracle but I want this to get better not worse.. ..Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
You have to find the strength within yourself. It's all about how badly you want it. I feel like posts like this are hoping we'll say "your drinking doesn't sound that unhealthy keep doing what you're doing I was way worse!" But that simply will never happen. I would eat and search the web while watching Netflix. Drink tea or LaCroix or Sprite or Orange Juice or water but would NOT drink alcohol. Just my two cents it's your life your decision. But it always comes down to just that. Your personal decision that no one else can make for you. That's the craziest part about this whole alcoholic thing-- it's 100% internal and only you can diagnose it/fix it. 
I can only share what worked for me - my evenings used to be my danger time so I kept myself busy with sober distractions - gaming reading netflix dinner walks. Then after a few months I built more routine and exercise into my evenings. I removed alcohol from being a solution to anything in my life so learned to cope deal with boredom relax and even celebrate without that crutch. I akso found substitute drinks useful I could knock bsck sparkling water as a substitute. I used a cost-benefit analysis to focus my mind on why it matters to me that I don't drink - alcohol was costing md too much across all aspects of my life especially concerned for the risks to my health.
Keep going.  Im at day 33 and what has worked for me in the evenings (my worst time too) is going to bed SUPER early (8:00pm or even earlier) in a chilly dark room with a good book.  People have mentioned substitutes and for me its been strong iced coffee hasnt kept me up at all for whatever reason.
If and when I get cravings they tend to come at evenings since I too was an evening drinker (and a weekend binger). It's a clich  and not too healthy but I tend to eat whatever I want usually smth with lots of sugar and/or carbs. Mineral water too. Gradually I've started to find energy for excercising too.
I suspect blaming AA for picking up - may be a bit off target.  It may be a succession of meetings are called for - in the early days I would go to one after another - if only to stay safe - and not alone with myself.....AA worked for me despite my - issues reservations objections... but that was me.  Does not necessarily apply to you.
