-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qu7n3/after_7_years_of_drinking_im_at_41_days_sober_its/

I really have no interest in drinking tomorrow. Since I quit cravings have been so low-key I'm starting to wonder if I was ever a true alcoholic to begin with (perhaps just a weak-willed individual). I was up to 750ml a day of gin which I could drink easily sans memory loss hangover etc.. It makes me feel sick now thinking about all those drunk years tucking my kids into bed with a glass in my hand driving to work drunk sneaking alcohol into sober gatherings etc.. How shameful...I don't think that I could possibly return to that lifestyle though I'm sure that's what a lot of people think before they relapse. Still I am considering drinking tomorrow. Why?..My wife and I have had a bad sex life for some years now mostly due to my low sex drive and lack of interest to make love to her. It's been really hard on her harder on her than my drinking has been. Right before I got sober we tried an experiment. We would drink together. It was her first time ever getting drunk. It was fun and it worked. We made love and I enjoyed it...Bad timing: a week later something occurred which prompted me to get sober. She's obviously happy for me but is also a little disappointed that our cure to the dead bedroom is out of play...So my idea is to have a "date" with her every two weeks where we  drink and spend time together. I'm not excited about this. I'm not looking forward to it. It has zero appeal to me. I'm just doing it to make my wife happy. She's not sure it's a good idea though. She thinks it's dangerous. Obviously she has a point. I told her as long as I made it a very strict rule to only drink during our "dates" it should be fine...What do you all think? This is a tricky situation. It's going to be a little sad to drink again. Sobriety suits me very well.
----------immediate responses--------

You are considering moderation essentially. That never works out with alcoholics 
We are not the alcohol police.  .If you're asking if it's ok to drink I myself would not even consider "moderation" for any night much less "a date night".  I already know I can't stop at one --and then I'd be drinking again for the next *YEARS* to come.   .I'm no doctor but I certainly see a lot of commercials for "Low-T" meds.  Maybe you should talk with your doctor.  .Good Luck to you!
Okay you clearly stated you have a problem with alcohol. And now you want to return to drinking not even for yourself but to fulfill an obligation? Seriously I would look for some other options besides getting drunk. Option 1 - go see a doctor to see if any medication could up your sex drive. Option 2 - have a conversation with your wife about ways to make sex more exciting (try new things). Option 3 - pretty much do anything besides get drunk for sex.
Sounds like a load of rationalization to me. Since you ask. ..Specifically it sounds to me that your one single good recent experience with sex was more about the *communication* you had with your wife. That in my experience can make for a pretty nice time. The alcohol I'd guess was incidental. ..Drunks however see the world through the lense of alcohol. I think that's what you're doing with all respect and support. ..You haven't experienced sober sex for any significant length of time. Since I've been sober I've had both blah sex and great sex. It was more about the communication and presence of mind of the two people involved. ..You may be on to something that could help you but I'd bet a dollar that alcohol isn't it. ..And--a question I asked myself: who the fuck do you want to be? A drunk trying to find little tricks to get by or a sober person figuring out life and living it intentionally? I think you answered this question well:..&gt;Sobriety suits me very well....
Honest question: why don't you want to have sex with your wife? Have you talked about this at all?  If you need to be drunk to have sex there's something larger that needs to be addressed...Source: I used to need to get drunk to have sex because of larger problems.
&gt;What do you all think?..This is a terrible idea on many levels. Have you visited a doctor about your low sex drive? Tried couples therapy? The idea of having to get drunk in order to have sex with your spouse is a major issue on its own then throw in the fact that you at the very least have an issue with alcohol... I would strongly reconsider this. 
I know from past experience that if you have to get drunk with someone in order to have sex with them then you have a problem that has nothing to do with alcohol. 
I used to feel I had to get drunk to have sex with my boyfriend (now ex). It was a combination of my insecurities and a huge red flag that there was something seriously wrong with our relationship. I'd highly suggest that you address the underlying reason as to why you have a lack of interest in having sex with your wife. Seek counseling or talk it out with her. Drinking is never the solution in my experience. 
It would make me feel really sad and unwanted if my partner had to get drunk to have sex with me. I don't think you're doing anyone any favors by carrying out this plan.
