-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qvmfe/just_finished_this_naked_mind_it_was_fantastic/

Warning: this isn't really a book review but more a review of what the book helped me realize about myself...I read Allen Carr's Easyway when I first quit and I liked it pretty well. I had already decided to quit and Easyway just gave me some more ammo. However I liked This Naked Mind even more. The two books are pretty similar but This Naked Mind takes a more science-y approach and links you to lots of studies you can follow up on if you want...I really liked that she pointed out that one has to stay vigilant against all of the social cues and advertising around alcohol that we're barraged with every day. I have relapsed twice and both times I justified it saying that I needed it to fit in. I think there was a lot of mental slippage up to that point that I wasn't prepared for. I remember feeling *anti*-social when I wasn't drinking which is just ridiculous. And I remember both times before I was fantasizing about drinking again for a bit before I actually did it. Honestly to some extent it was just cowardice worrying too much what others think. But mostly I hadn't fully let myself understand the addictive nature of alcohol yet. I hadn't seen myself as an addict yet and that's how I was able to justify going back...This book really helped me see myself as an addict. I would pause in the middle of reading it and realize how much I have been bullshitting myself since I started drinking again. How on earth did I get back to driving drunk again? That's the entire reason I quit the second time. That and other ridiculous shit I was doing and yet I had no clue how deep in I was. I mean I had a clue but I actively pushed it out of my mind and covered it up. It's making sense now when I read posts from folks who say they relapsed and didn't quit again until years later. I'm so lucky my brother and parents stepped in and said something...On some level it probably took me struggling with this over a year and a half to really accept my behavior and become comfortable calling myself an alcoholic - although I think "addict" is more accurate. But the book really helped too it helped speed that process up to be reminded about the true nature of alcohol...I'm not worrying about what others are going to say about me any more. I frankly just don't give a shit at this point. I'm more excited about getting busy living instead of getting busy dying..
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go--great reflections here! I've seen so many people talk about this book that I've just added it to my library queue. Unfortunately they have to ILL it--so it'll be a few more days before I can see what everyone is raving about!
I'm glad you shared. I have this in my book queue and I think I'll read it next.
&gt;I have relapsed twice and both times I justified it saying that I needed it to fit in. I think there was a lot of mental slippage up to that point that I wasn't prepared for. ..Yeah I had this. I wasn't prepared for this at all. I think I made it through by sheer luck. But I have really thought through it and think I have the right mindset about it now...
  One of the things I appreciated most about the book was her discussion of how alcohol is presented in our culture and specifically the role that ads play. It may sound strange but before I read the book one of the triggers I worried the most about was football season. I was worried about the barrage of beer ads that come on college and NFL game days and that they would push me to drink again. But now when I see alcohol ads all I see is how ridiculous fraudulent and irresponsible they are. Seriously - the messages they send shouldn't be allowed considering how far from reality they are even by the low standards of marketing. And the fact that they show these ads ALL DAY when so many kids are watching - it just amazes me that it's even allowed. It just proves how our culture accepts alcohol in our daily lives and deny the truly destructive force behind it. 
Both Allen Carr and Annie Grace books helped me change my way of thinking about alcohol - that it had some value. Unfortunately I don't see the message of these books getting widespread acceptance now but maybe in the future..As far as being an "addict" - I think everyone is vulnerable to substance abuse and some substances are more addictive than others. Some addictions and substances are more socially acceptable than others which makes sobriety even harder.
it is available free for SD Sobernauts!..I do not know how to post a link so copy and paste the following:..https://www.reddit.com/r/SDbookclub/comments/4khj4s/this_naked_mind_available_free_to_sd_users/..
[removed]
  
