-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qxg8r/on_approach_runway_200_with_an_inflight_emergency/

Firstly thank you to all of SD- without your posts and comments I don't know that I could or would be trying to do this at all....This week has been the hardest for me so far outside of the first few days.  I've been doing my best to keep my internal voice in check that's telling me that one or two beers to take the edge off is 'OK' -- I know damn well that's not what I want.  My inner voice is saying two beers but meaning twelve.  It's got it's fingers crossed behind its back...I've been having a particularly rough week -- I don't want to go into all the details here but my SO and I have been having some major problems and I fear that our relationship is over.  Another 2 year relationship that failed.. I have too many of them and it's really been eating at me this week that I'm the common denominator in all of them.  She says that I'm not very good at opening up--and she's right of course.  I have a lot of trouble with that. ..I tend to be pretty negative and I don't know how to change that.  When I open up to people negativity tends to spew out --and I hate that.  I'm not sure what to do about it.  I can't afford therapy  and I've tried some books to no avail.. I guess it just takes practice but --I digress...Work has also been pretty rocky.  I'm interning at an automotive plant as a supervisor in an area I have very little knowledge of with people that seem to regard information as currency even within the work area.  I'm trying to earn this information as best I can but it's been pretty slow...This holiday weekend I've been invited to a few parties.. actually one every day.  I don't think I should go to any of them.  I know there will be beer moonshine and whiskey.  I'm in a bad place mentally and think it'd be a mistake to be around that shit.  At the same time I need to be doing something fun instead of drowning in my own self pity.  ..Anyway I'm not drinking today but I'm struggling with that. ..As an aside I think I'm done looking forward to sobriety milestones -- they haven't really done much for me when I've hit them (ie 30 90 180 etc).  I'm just going to keep my focus on today....
----------immediate responses--------

Can you get to a pool or an ACed movie theater instead of the parties?.Sorry you're feeling down. I too have a lot of anxiety about this weekend but we're not drinking today.
I'm so glad you posted. I find it helpful to post when I'm struggling. I think it helps to put my struggles into words and to share them with people who understand. We've got this.
Have you tried journaling? I've found for me it can help take the edge off sometimes let me get the negative out when things really aren't as bad as they seem at first. It's just that initial bad I can get out on paper or a thought away from someone lest I barf it all over a loved one in an argument 
I'm struggling a bit this weekend as well but we both know even if we drink those struggles are still going to be there when we sober up. Better to face them with a clear head. I'll be thinking of you
I'm sorry for the crappy place that you're in at the moment and sending good internet vibes your way.....personally i'm not very far along on the path to sobriety but i can relate to the finding it (very) hard to open up being negative (and for myself i'm typically a lone ranger). I am glad you're here your's and other SDers posts are a huge encouragement. hang in there :)
