-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4r56o7/small_victory_i_havent_binged_in_several_weeks/

Not a victory: I still feel the pressure to drink socially. I've conquered not drinking at home alone...I'm having the hardest time not drinking socially.  I find it difficult to tell people I'm not drinking "anymore" (quotation marks because I haven't actually done it yet) without going into a whole list of reasons why.  So instead I accept the alcoholic beverage.  I've never been one to drink a lot of soda and am struggling to convince myself to drink it in place of alcohol (because I can't just drink water - the horror!).  But I have been able to stop at one or even only part of one lately by giving myself permission not to finish a drink I don't want to drink.  If the drink I'm given isn't to my taste I don't finish it.  And that's OK.  When the guilt catches up and I realize I don't want to be drinking I don't finish it.  And that's OK.  I am allowed to be wasteful in those moments.  I am working on just saying no in the first place and not wasting even that little bit but I struggle with it because I feel like it's a production.  But it's only a production because I am making it a production. ..Not the longest time lurker (2 months give or take a few days) but I've already been helped a lot by this subreddit.  I figured I should start posting to get to that final step of full sobriety.  I will not drink today. .
----------immediate responses--------

For me social drinking would leave the door open to binge drinking. I have been known to turn a perfectly reasonable social event into a drunken free for all. But also I'm an all or nothing kinda person so I just know that would not work for me. I ended my drinking career with a bang -- I didn't taper down I just finally said enough is enough after a really bad night and haven't touched it since. I compare it to breaking up with a boyfriend after a knock down drag out fight. I kicked alcohol out of my life threw his stuff on the lawn and forbid him to come back.
I can't drink socially alone in my room at a wine tasting anywhere. If I were to receive a drink that wasn't up to par or I didn't like it my alcoholic brain would tell me I hit the jackpot ding ding ding come on Lee - hold your nose if you have to but you're gonna chug this thing down as fast as you possibly can! Let it burn down your throat until you gag! And as far as permission goes my brain doesn't know WTF that is. It thinks it can do anything it wants and will rebel like a little bastard faster than the speed of light. I totally agree with the 'production' part; I'm no longer part of the drama filled obnoxious shitshow I once created. The End.
everyone is going to say that moderation is impossible. I know for me that applies too. I dont even want to try it its just better tell myself I cant which is probably true. Even if I can why would I want to risk it given the fact that I am unsure thats the alert right there that moderation is not for me.
