-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rbb12/my_dad_is_an_alcoholic_and_just_relapsed_after/

So I will start this by saying that I love my dad. He is a wonderful person and I would be nowhere without him. He helped pay for my school and would do anything for me or my siblings. But tonight he made a mistake...~~The last time he drank~~ *EDIT: he last drank in 2014 Actually. But 2011 was the last major event* or when he got caught I guess) was Easter 2011. I was a senior in high school. ..My mom was away in her hometown (~9 hours away by car). My late grandfather was getting progressively sicker and she wanted to be there to take care of him. ..My brother (13 at the time) called me from our house saying that Dad was acting really strange. Slurred speech not understanding him etc. I was out with friends but left for home. I quickly came home to find out he was wasted. And that he picked up my brother AND my brothers friends and drove them to their respective houses (with their parents there I can't believe they didn't talk to him or figure anything out)...I was so mad and upset. I cussed my own dad out. I had never cussed at him in my life until that moment. I just remembering yelling at him from the bottom of the stairs "what the FUCK do you think you're doing?" I was so angry I scared myself even. There was a lot of pent up anger from the past that just came out of me...You see I have vivid memories as a kid seeing my mom at the top of our upstairs staircase crying on the phone trying to get ahold of my dad. For hours. Not knowing where he is or what he's doing. I didn't fully understand what was happening at the time but it killed me inside seeing my mom so upset. Sobbing. My siblings don't really remember these things because they were too young. I'm glad they were honestly. ..Fast forward to recent events. My family just got back from a really nice vacation in Florida with my aunts/uncles/cousins. My mom and dad just had their 27th anniversary and we celebrated down there. It was really nice. ..My grandmother (mom's mom) had a small stroke a few months ago so my mom stayed behind to make sure she's doing ok. My grandmother is weak but making good progress with rehabilitation and what not...I was at work getting ready to get off after a 8 hour shift and I get a call from my sister. "I think dad had been drinking. He called me 3 times and asked me where I was each time. And that he wouldn't remember what I told him even seconds before." ..That past sadness just flooded back into me. I didn't want to believe it but there's not much doubt in my mind. I told her I'd figure it out and not to worry. ..Then I get a call from my mom. She's sobbing. Apparently she called my dad and knew pretty quickly he was drunk. He didn't admit it at first but eventually told her he was. I stayed calm because my mom is already anxious enough with her own mother that I didn't want to upset her even more. My mom has major anxiety issues and is prescribed  medication for it...I'm not really mad at my dad this time at least as much as the last time. I'm more mad that he takes advantage of my mom when she's at her most vulnerable so far away. I hate it for her. He's such a fucking idiot and I couldn't even walk into his room and look at him because I know there's no point when he's drunk...I don't really know why I'm posting this I guess to vent. Maybe seek advice? If this is the wrong place I apologize. ..I actually work at a treatment center that deals with this stuff. But it's just a totally different monster when it happens in your own home. I know the struggle of what the families and addicts put up with. Addiction is horrible.. .Stay safe and sober out there...Edit: I hope this post doesn't come off as demonizing those who struggle with alcohol addiction. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can't give much advice but I'm sorry that happened. It sounds like your dad needs some help staying sober. Intensive outpatient programs at a lot of hospital networks are a good place to learn some coping skills/gain some knowledge for someone who doesn't quite fit the inpatient bill. .And yeah alcohol can really destroy the important parts of life. You didn't come off as demonizing.
[deleted]
Just IMO it might not be a relapse just a slip. i appreciate that your father had been sober for long since 2011 and that's quite an achievement i mean it would be for me who couldn't live without alcohol for even a day...i understand if you totally loathe alcohol but from your dad's point it might have gotten just too much on that day that he gave in. ..I would be concerned if it starts becoming more often and becomes routine else i would ignore it as just a slip....and (if i were him) i think if your dad is pestered too much over it he might just drink again in rage. let him take it easy he might be already feeling bad about it...peace !
I have no advice to give but I'm really sorry to hear about the situation you're going through. I'm an alcoholic with an alcoholic mom and I had to learn how to set boundaries with her to keep myself sane. I also realized that there's nothing I can do to change her alcoholism it has to come from her. But it's a terrible place to be in.
Hi thanks for sharing this. It's a reminder for us why we quit drinking and it's from the important perspective of the adult child of an alcoholic.
I'm so sorry I know how much that hurts because my dad was also a terrible alcoholic and the memories I have of him drunk are very painful. He had two stretches of sobriety - one for three years when I was a teenager and once for a year when he was in his sixties. Both times when he started drinking again I was devastated. He died last year in active alcoholism. When I was going through his things I found an AA token he had been holding onto for 25 years...I don't say this to depress you only to say that you're not alone in your pain. Therapy helped me work through some of the issues I had surrounding my father's drinking. I never went to Alanon but I know it helps a lot of people and they have groups specifically for adult children. Regardless of your father's decisions going forward please take care of yourself.
Wow your story is so similar to mine/my dad's (right down to the dates) that I checked your post history to see if you are one of my siblings! (You're not :) Anyway just wanted to say that I'm sorry that you're in this situation. It took me ages to come to terms with all the suffering my dad who was otherwise such a lovable person caused our family. Addiction is a terrible thing. Sending you solidarity from PA!...Oh one last thing I don't know what your relationship with your siblings is like but I found out later that mine were aware of a lot more than I thought they were capable of at the time. But being younger they were less able to process it and still have a lot of lingering anger/hurt/confusion etc. Not sure if that's the case with your sibs but thought it might be worth mentioning!
Sort of unrelated...  What's it like to work at a treatment center?  Is it possible for people with a previous history of abuse can get a job in that field?  It sounds like an interesting and rewarding job.
If I can throw in my $0.02 my dad has been a long time AA member and I've seen him sponsor some pretty tough cases.  He's helped a lot of people stay sober over the years and with the ones who succeeded in staying sober they all did so with a lot of love and support both through their families and through AA...So please be there for him offer him support and try to ensure that he builds a network of support and accountability that will be there for him when you or other family members may not be able to...The way you describe the family situation it sounds awfully stressful and in those times it may just get to be too much.  Especially at the end of a trying day and no one else is there to stop you and you just want to have an escape consequences be damned.  That's when you really need someone or some group to be there for you and hold you accountable to your commitments...I wish you the best of luck.  I'll be rooting for you.
I'm so sorry about your loss. I can't imagine going through that and I hope I never have to. Thanks for sharing.
