-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rcc6z/i_wont_relapse_but_i_need_to_keep_busy/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Hey it's not easy as I'm finding out. Quitting drinking was like stepping back and getting a good view of my life. There's a lot that I don't like about it similar to what you say above. But I'm making slow progress on building a life that I love. But it is so slooooooow going and its frustrating ~~at times~~ all the time...Anyway good luck. I will not drink with you today.
Hello and good job reaching out...&gt; bored....I always find this to be one of those words that means something else.  It a placeholder to be used and then forgotten....If you think about it.  It's really not possible to be bored in this day and age.  ...So it must be something else.  Depressed?  Frustrated?...What are you really feeling?  Perhaps if you can name it you can combat it.
I've been feeling bored too! Kind of like I'm just sitting waiting on my 'real life' to start. Before I quit drinking I had this idea that everything would fall into place once I was sober. Like I'll have an adult-like house a job I enjoy I'll exercise eat healthy start a family and all that other stuff that comes with a good life. I guess I've known all along but am just now accepting that if I want all of those things- I'm going to have to actually work for them. The same way I have to work at staying sober.  Thanks for sharing! It's always good to remember that you aren't alone in this mess. And congratulations on 111!
One thing I love about my freelancing career is this: can't sleep? Do some work. Want to drink? Beat some deadlines. Get pissed off? Work. It's productive furthers my career and I can just get up and do it anytime I want to...I've actually only got one article left on my agenda right now I have plenty of time to do it right now but I'm kind of worried about running out of work. Which is ridiculous but it never fails that when I solicit people for more work I end up getting overloaded because all of a sudden EVERYONE wants something...Other than that I go to meetings ride my mountain bike spend time on forums troll friends on Facebook work on personal projects play video games do whatever. I don't watch much TV anymore which is kind of odd as even sober the last time I'd normally keep up on my shows but it's mostly a late night thing for me now.
