-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rdf3c/gf_made_another_comment/

I've been struggling with this addiction for the past year since my friend passed away.  At first it made sense why I was drinking more and more I guess just to numb a little bit.  Everyone else affected drank with me but after a few months it  seemed like they just resumed normal life and returned to how it used to be.  I continued drinking.  ..The problem is that I really really enjoy it. I've got no problem drinking alone and in fact  I prefer it.  I don't enjoy what my gf thinks of me when I drink however.  I'm not abusive  or angry or sad.  I just feel like the weight gets off my chest when I have a few  which makes me want another few.  ..Last night my gf asked how much I had to drink and I lied.  I told her far less than what I actually drank... Even that fictional figure startled her.  ..This morning I actually told myself that I was going to cut back... But it never works.  Cold turkey scares the hell out of me because I really don't like me when I don't drink... ..Sorry for the rambles guys.  Been a weird day already.
----------immediate responses--------

I was a (mostly) sober binger who was hapoy go lucky and problem free until last year when I took that turn to drinking to numb. It got dark real fast and while I came out without real problems (marriage health legal etc) i could have *quick*.  I numbed for so long I no longer knew what it was I was hiding from...thus my journey into introspective sobriety and therapy started.    ..I have no advice but an observation. It sounds like a self aware part is concerned. I'd encourage you to hang around and read. The FAQ and Saturday Share stories. See if anything clicks maybe helps frame your thoughts. Then you can figure an action or a plan if you think you need it?  
What you're describing sounds like early stage alcoholism.   Daily drinking lying about your intake isolation inability to moderate and fear of sobriety....You alone must decide what you will do.   However it sounds like some action is required...   Personally I allowed my alcoholism to progress into my 40's.  Then I sought help from other sober alcoholics in AA....Wishing you all the best....
Drinking all by myself was the only thing I ever wanted when I drank. Isolation and drug-abuse really messes with you I'd seriously consider to start doing something about it before it gets way out of hand. ..You dont like the feeling of being sober and being you because you've forgotten how it feels and because alcohol is telling you that it's benificial and that you acctually are getting something positive from it aswell but that is just a lie. ..Cold turkey is scary and the first days are not fun in a any way but those days might also be the first days of your new life again. .Remember you dont have to feel this way ever again if you dont want to.
You need to learn to love you for who you are. I'm still scared of my sober personality and I feel like I'm getting to know myself day after day. You have to have the courage to take that first step. I think you'll find that your personality doesn't change nearly as much as you think it does. Again it goes back to you. You have to be the one who wants sobriety and you have to get to know yourself again. Stay strong my friend.  
Alcoholic here. Two years sober. .I love the way alcohol makes me feel. .I hate the way it makes me act &amp; then feel the following day..Drinking alcohol is like borrowing happiness from tomorrow. .Cutting back doesn't work. .Controlled drinking doesn't work. .Complete abstinence is the ONLY answer. .Took me years to get this. .Once I got it  the odds of quitting were more stacked in my favour. .I genuinely wish you well I too have travelled your road. 
I was a 2-3 times a week binge drinker.  Drank at home by myself.  I would come up with lots of justification..at least I don't drink and drive I don't commit domestic violence I'm not hurting anybody..etc.  The truth was that I was damaging everything in my life until one day I had enough and decided to stop.  In sobriety I reflect on my 3 times a week binge and factoring the following day hangovers I figured that I really only had 1 day a week that wasn't negatively impacted by alcohol.  My drinking alcohol wasn't a problem until it became a problem.  It was alcoholic russian roulette for me and my luck was going to run out.  I stopped before I ruined my life and my life is so rewarding now.  Grab a badge on the sidebar and stick around for a while.
