-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ri9lf/30_days_in_motivation_where_are_you/

Well I've hit 30 days again (my 2nd longest sober period in the last 6 months). This time around feels a heck of a lot easier although I think that is also attributable to the last binge I had prior to this left me in the worst physical/mental state I've ever experienced...I've really had no desire to drink again. The only time it entered my mind was after a very bad couple of work days where I only had about 2 hours of sleep over 48 hour period and things were just not going well. In past that would've been a direct bee-line to the liquor store when I got off to try to drown all the stress and make myself numb. This go around my brain definitely remembered the habit/response as it was used to that "medicine" when things previously were in that state. I just went home ate dinner and went to bed though - it was great!..However now I'm just struggling with motivation in general. Work is a slog I keep looking at the clock. I've generally just been going home and zoning out after. Trying to slowly force myself to get up and do other things around the house without much success. Haven't been exercising still isolating myself...Hoping my motivation increases soon. I know its early on and these things take time but I can't help but feel bad about it. I try to tell myself that its just my body/mind recovering but then there's the part of me that says "Oh that's just a lame excuse you sad sap"...One day at a time that's how I got myself to this point and it is how I will recover.
----------immediate responses--------

Motivation and talent to me are like bright golden birds. One you have to be born with and the other has to fly down to you and perch on your shoulder. Motivation can take off or land at will. I model my life around discipline which is like motivation only instead of a golden bird that flies away it's an ingrained splinter in your character. :) 
[deleted]
The 30 day mark is when things really started to take an upturn for me as far as motivation is concerned. Exercise and getting outdoors in the evenings was a huge factor in that. Great job on 30 nice star!!
I did 31 days and decided to have a few beers. 3 days later I was back. It is not what I really want. I wish I had stuck with it. I will this time. Good luck. Set another goal perhaps 45 days or longer doing it one day at a time.
[deleted]
I have been trying to say at least 5 things I am grateful for each morning. It has been helping me to have a more positive attitude  which has helped me find more motivation
