-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4riewl/repairing_things_with_my_wife/

So I'm starting over again after almost 90 days. I had a drinking incident in March my wife forgave me pretty quickly and life started to get a little better. ..Had another incident this past weekend and I essentially destroyed our bedroom. Thankfully only a box springs and the carpet both pretty easily replaced we don't hurt for $$$...Obviously the biggest issue is that I broke her trust. I promised her I would reduce my drinking and it wouldn't happen again. The last time before March I had a dumb drinking incident was 10 years ago we were barely even dating. ..She will barely speak to me beyond communicating to accomplish our day to day stuff. Totally understandable. She hardly got mad and just cried. Which was heartbreaking she was too devastated by my betrayal to even get mad...I know it will be a long road to earn that trust back. I'd like to lay out my plan here and see if I can get any additional input...1) When she asks me to do something I do it. No questions asked and she comes first.2) I go to work and come home no social outings for a while (not a big deal since I'm pretty isolated anyway).3) I make an effort to listen to her better than I had before.4) when she is ready Ill spend more time doing what she wants to do.5) I'll make more of an effort to include her in anything I do.6) I'll be attending meetings regularly to get support stopping drinking..To keep from drinking I'm going to try and re-establish my healthy habits that kept me from drinking. Being around my wife will be a big help for that. ..I have written her a very concise email stating I'm sorry I intend to be better and I am going to give her space. I told her I cannot promise I will not drink again but I'll commit to not drinking each day. I'm not going to try to beg and be all over her. I don't think that will help...It may be too late. My transgression may have pushed things beyond the point of no return. I believe things can be repaired but my wife has drawn a pretty hard line between us right now. It is still very early to expect to move past what I did...Every bone in my body wants to call her and beg forgiveness. I'm trying to hold off because the wounds are so fresh and without some proof I can be better I don't believe I should expect anything. After 90 days and then a relapse it may take a long time...I feel really shitty and am having some pretty evil thoughts but sadly this has been the normal in my life since I was a teenager so I'm used to it...Thank you all and I will not drink with you today...EDIT: added something
----------immediate responses--------

I have to regain the trust of my wife as well but more importantly myself. I can't expect her to trust me until I can trust myself. When I drink I become a huge liar therefore I have been nothing but a fraud for a very long time. When I am sober I am honest and we can be really happy again. I have been there before and it's time I get back!
Additional feedback:  .1) I will not drink today  .2) I will not drink today  .3) I will not drink today and I will not say 'I am sorry'  .4) I will not drink today and I won't make excuses  .5) I will not drink today and I will actively seek to improve my sobriety  .6) I will not drink today  .  .The only good apology I ever gave my SO is to not drink today. Somehow she is happy with the progress I have made by not drinking today.
I'm so sorry you're going through this. I've been in your wife's shoes when my husband was in active alcoholism. He rolled my truck down a hill (with us in it). I needed three surgeries afterwards - he stole my painkillers even though I had them in a lock box - I had to go without. At my dad's memorial he got so drunk that he threw up pissed off the front porch (and all over his pants) and hit on my attorney - in front of me. Eventually I got to the point your wife is at now. I just cried...But...he stopped drinking a little over a year ago after I had totally given up. It took a long time but I forgave him and can honestly say that I trust him again. Now that we're both sober our marriage is stronger than it has ever been. Even after all of that...Tl;dr: Forgiveness is possible. Wishing you the very best in your journey.
Welcome back to SD /u/grrrumpy . You asked for additional input.  What has made the difference me (this time) is that I'm staying sober for ME - ME Only.  I think it's wonderful that you want to be sober for your wife however IMO your reasons why You want to be sober for yourself comes first.
[removed]
[removed]
One thing that has helped me stay on the right path is thinking about how my wife always wanted a husband that was like her father.   A gentleman who was always faithful truthful and loved his wife and children all his heart.  ..She ended up with a beer drinking beer sneaking lying drunk instead for 11 years of our marriage.   Now 1.5 years of the gentleman and the 1.5 years have been the best years of our marriage and my life.   Don't want the old life back.   She and I deserve better.
I know your heart is in the right place but it doesn't sound like you are fully committed to not drinking. If your wife really means something to you be confident in yourself that this time is different. Don't say you won't have any social occasions "for a while." If you drink when you go out don't go out. Period. Dry places dry people. 
Good plan. ..There is one possibility of which to be aware.  I'm NOT indicating you...Occasionally in my past if I'm doing something for some one out of guilt I can start resenting it and subsequently use it to justify what I want to do.  ..I might "do all these things for her" and think " wait I'm not getting the amount of forgiveness or interaction or whatever" that I think I'm due.  Then it's possible for me to get my "martyr armour" on.  ..Anyway the way I avoid that is look at my actions as a gift...And I get support to forgive myself...One of my spiritual teachers wrote "I can't live alone with resentment it's married to anger."..
