-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rkcra/first_post_longest_without_a_drink_in_months/

Hi all -..I've been wanting to post for awhile but wanted to hold off until I felt ready. Well I still don't but I'm also coming to understand that many of my personal issues are being exacerbated by my waiting until I'm ready. That seems to result in things just never getting done...So here goes. I am sober right now which is something I've rarely been able to say in the last few months. I am an alcoholic and an addict which is something I'm now admitting for the first time (thanks anonymous strangers!). ..I've been lurking this sub for awhile and really appreciate the community here. It's full of support love (occasionally tough) tips stories jokes camaraderie...You people are great. Spending your time and energy to help others no matter what part of the path they're on...Anyway here's a condensed version of my story. I've been battling anxiety and depression since I was a kid. I've been medicated on and off been in therapy on and off and thought I had it dealt with. Nope. A large part of my struggle is social anxiety which leads me to hide away which deepens my depression which fuels the cycle...I started drinking fairly late I think. I barely ever had more than a couple beers a week until I was 30. Then I moved to a beautiful town that is heavily alcoholic. I started drinking. I was so happy to live in an amazing place with happy people! It turns out that at least some portion of the elation was because of my rapidly increasing boozing. It's magic for social anxiety!....untiiiiil you get dependent and addicted and your tolerance goes through the roof. Then you're just poisoning yourself and alcohol's seemingly positive effect on anxiety reverses. This started a long slow spiral into increased drinking increased risk-taking decreased attention to life and stressers and relationships. I thought I had it under control. I thought I was just a social drinker. I thought drunk me was way more fun to be around than sober me. I had a thousand excuses for why it was okay...The big change happened about 6 months ago. I bought a business and everything quickly went sour. I've pretty much run it into the ground and have been drinking basically 24/7 ever since more or less ignoring the facts and deadening the feeling of impending doom that I'll have absolutely nothing left once this phase runs its course. I sank every penny I had into this thing. A few months ago I pretty much stopped buying groceries and was just on a liquid diet. I had to hide my drinking even though I live alone. I had bottles stashed at work in my car in closets and drawers and bathrooms...stealing away every 20-30 minutes for a swig...On top of anxiety and depression I have horrible insomnia. So I managed to get addicted to benzos for sleep. I quit those and went through about a week and a half of insane withdrawals. Derealization hallucinations almost total insomnia spasms shakes fear like I've never before experienced...and I drank more than ever to help me get through it. More than once I drank a handle of vodka in less than 24 hours. But I made it through breaking that addiction...I've been slowly trying to claw my way back to the surface in the last few weeks. I've been tapering off (except for weekend binges. ugh) out of fear of withdrawals. I'm constantly weak have stomach problems no appetite foggy head I feel detached...and the only thing that helps is another drink. But I know that's extremely temporary and only makes things worse....I have my first meeting with a therapist soon who specializes in my issues (emotional and substance abuse). I'm inching ever closer to attending my first AA meeting (I'm scared! But I know that's common). I'm going to be with family this weekend and will address my problem for the first time with them (up until now it's been 'oh that sun_madness he likes his drinks ha ha!'). I recognize the damage I'm doing to myself physically mentally and emotionally. I recognize that all of the possible end results are horrible if I don't stop. I recognize that I have very little if any chance of improving my life to the vast degree that it requires if I don't stop. I recognize that I'm covering problems up instead of dealing with them to the detriment of everything in my life...I hope I can stop before I'm dead. I doubt this is my "real" get sober moment but as this is my most clear moment in at least months I wanted to get the ball rolling. Thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

i am very glad you're here. thank you for sharing your story. i also struggle with depression and right now with withdrawals too *and* i've had to reset several times (crap)...anyway i'm dusting myself off *again*  and pressing onward...care to join me in not drinking today. i'm at 1 again so we will be starting at the same place on this journey. good luck to you my friend and and i'm looking forward to reading more of your posts and celebrating our victories together!
oh yeah i see a therapist and am also getting ever and ever closer to AA meetings too.
I ran a business into the ground when I was using. It was a terrible feeling. I thought if I invested in something then I would have to put my energy into that and not in to using. I was so wrong. I have no regrets though - and would someday like to open another small biz when I have some serious sobriety time down. For now having no responsibilities other than my family and focusing on my sobriety is a blessing. Best wishes to you!
Thanks for posting. In re-reading your post I notice that you describe a lot of your "alcoholic thinking" (as we call it around here) in the past tense-- "I thought I had it under control" "I thought I was a social drinker". That really makes me hopeful for you you've already fought half the battle: realizing that you have a problem. I think it was Slipacre that posted today about getting hung up on definitions -- definitions don't matter. Frankly I don't care if I am a true "alcoholic" or not. Drinking stopped working for me and being sober is giving me a chance to be a real human being again. You sound like you are on the right track. Next step for me was simple. To stop drinking I stopped drinking. I had to sit on my hands pull my hair out curse and scream go without sleep feel like dying from the anxiety cry like a baby stop seeing my friends go to AA meetings share about my feelings rely on perfect strangers for help furiously browse /sd and all around completely change my life to accomplish it but I had to stop drinking. No matter what I didn't pick up. Only fully sober could I start to experience some relief from the insanity. And oh the relief! So worth it. Not overnight but not impossible. Just one day at a time hitting the pillow sober. I'm looking forward to hearing more from you soon!
