-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rlb9a/looking_for_advice_as_it_relates_to_job/

I had to call in sick for the 3rd time in a month this past monday due to drinking too much on the weekend. My recovery has gone astray and I've pretty much fully relapsed. I have worked at this medium sized family owned hotel for 7 months. . .My bosses are aware of my problem with drinking. I am also not new to the concept of recovery and have been trying to get better without much long term success for 5 years...My boss asked me into his office and said that while he cannot control what I do outside of work my drinking is beginning to affect my job and that I'm in thin ice. They said that they value my employment and want to keep me but not if this pattern of unexcused absences continues. I completely agreed...They also offered help which I was taken aback with financially in terms if I would seek help at a local rehab facility. I said that I had been to rehab before I appreciate the offer but that the best thing they can do to help me is to agree that this behaviour cannot happen again. I have the tools to succeed in sobriety I just haven't been employing them lately and that the best thing they can do is set a boundary that if I cross there will be consquences...I know that I love the job and it will help me to know that I am risking it if I ever choose to drink again. Even if I don't call in sick we agreed that if I even smell like alcohol I will accept the consequences. I feel the meeting went well we were open and honest with each other...Right now I feel some relief to be honest. I know I have the job as long as I stay sober. Drinking is no longer an option. If I lose that job mentally I think I am a dead man...I just can't take another failure of that magnitude. Right now I want to seriously work on my sobriety. I made it to 24 days in April and May I can do it again with the help of Antabuse and stepping up my meeting and therapeutic attendance...I am just wondering...do you guys think I behaved appropriately? I know myself and I do not think rehab for myself is the answer. I do think the best thing work can do to help me is to not give me any more chances. I have the toolbox and the power tools and the heavy machinery to do this I just need to DO it. Lately I've been drinking too often and I need to commit to sobriety. I feel tonight more compelled to do so than I have in quite some time...Thank you for any advice.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like the meeting went about as well as it could. People care about you and are giving you a chance and offering help. Maybe it would help to focus on that rather than thinking you're a dead man if you screw it up? Maybe focus more on the positive environment you're in and to do whatever you can to keep it...For what it's worth I'm in a similar boat except that I work for myself. I also know the feeling that I'll be a dead man if I screw this up...so perhaps I'm projecting a bit wishing that I could focus less on the negative impact that losing this job will have. Wishing for more support...It sounds like you know what you're up against. You just need to buckle down. And you have the opportunity to...Best of luck!
I definitely think you behaved appropriately in terms of the meeting with your bosses...About the declining rehab...? That's your call to make. It certainly sounds to me like it would be a good thing. ..If you could have stopped on your own before now you probably would have. You've been trying for 5 years and it hasn't stuck. I don't know you as well as you know yourself but from the outside: .. - you're a guy who's been trying and failing to stay sober for years . - you've shown up to work smelling like booze . - you've missed multiple days . - your boss is giving you an ultimatum...What happens if you *do* drink again? Then you're fired no longer have the financial or sustained employment support of this job and you're no closer to staying sober.
I am relatively new to sobriety so I am not sure I can offer anything more than support. So I ask what in your mind keeps dragging you back to the drink? Maybe some therapy would help flush whatever it is that keeps you locked in the cycle. ..As for the work situation it's great they they are willing to help. However if it is anything like a enabling type of relationship that just really puts the heavy on them to keep their end of the deal. I am sure they do not want to see you fail and I am sure they do not want to have to let you go. Does that make sense? I do not want to sound discouraging in any way so I hope it does not come across that way. ..End of the day take it one day at a time. That's all we can do..Today I will not drink with you...
What happens on the weekend that makes you drink so heavily?
I think for the meeting you did behave appropriately. You seem like you have people who really care about you. Could they be your support network?..For a long time I set myself the goal of not drinking if I had to work the next day. Drinking wasn't an option - like you said. It really motivated me to get to bed early and sober. And taking away my choice to drink made it fairly simple to ignore my cravings. ..I'll not drink with you today!
[removed]
