-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rufls/why_am_i_feeling_this_way_insights_appreciated/

So as you can see from my badge I am almost 3 weeks into my latest attempt at sobriety. I have had long stretches without alcohol (months) but then something triggers me and I fall back into bad patterns. Never been a daily drinker mostly a weekend binger and it has had a negative impact on my life that I want to stop. I write this first because it factors into the why I am posting today.....For some reason this time around I am finding myself having no feelings about alcohol. I'm not angry or sad or frustrated or struggling. I am impassive when it comes to thinking about me taking a drink. It's not a "pink cloud" feeling either. Rather I find myself not thinking about it at all. And when I do think about it - either because I'm reading posts on SD or a friend is talking about something they drank - I have no triggering reaction. In prior attempts at sobriety I might find myself on a summer Friday and think "it's been XX number of days I've been dry...some pinot grigio would be nice tonight! Just one of course...". Fast forward to today and even as I type this my only thought is "nah". Not "oh no!" or "hmmm maybe....NONONO!". Nothing. My thoughts move across it and onto something else I need to deal with today. ..The fact that I am feeling (or not feeling as the case may be) this way is a little scary to me. As a drinker I know this virus lurks inside me and can show up at any time. I can never take for granted that I am "over it". So I ask my fellow sobernauts if any of you have ever experienced what I'm describing. How did you process it? Did the drinking thoughts come up again? When? What did you do to deal with them? I find the shared experiences of my SD family so helpful as I walk this road. It makes me realize I am not alone. I admire all of you for how brave you are to share your lives with our community. It means a lot to me! Happy Sober Friday!
----------immediate responses--------

If you're feeling this way fantastic! The thought of quitting was terrifying to me but when it finally broke me I found it much easier to quit than I expected. When I do have strong cravings I usually do something to distract myself tell a sober buddy (my sister or husband) or hop on here. I feel a little guilty sometimes that it's been so easy but I try not to question a good thing. :)
Hey there I'm only a few days ahead of you and i'm having a very similar experience to the one you describe...I was drinking a LOT all day every day so we differ there but everything else is exactly as you describe...Incidentally yesterday I was queuing in the supermarket next to the spirits section - just looking at a bottle of vodka and remembering how I used to swig it neat at 7am before made me feel sick and ashamed at what i'd become...I'll not drink with you today. 
You are aware that it can rear its ugly head again at any time so that's pretty rad it doesn't seem like you are complacent :) i have not had that experience yet... I hope some day i do and that i am as wise as you are to stay conscious of my disease even while i enjoy some freedom! Well done i am not drinking with you today on my day five 
I try not to overthink how I am feeling or not feeling in my sobriety nor compare it to others. I focus on staying sober today irrespective of my feelings on the matter. I know alcohol is a bad idea for me my decision to not drink is imperative to me. I stay vigilant; and if any thoughts or feelings appear that are at odds with that decision I tackle them disputing the irrational thinking (because any thinking about drinking again is irrational for me) and replacing with rational thinking. So I mostly just focus on living my sober life. Reading this subreddit has helped me work through my thoughts on alcohol such that I think my conscious and unconscious are well aligned these days.
