-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rv1sj/just_a_couple_thoughts_on_a_recent_lapse_in_my/

So I am just about at 60 days sobriety a milestone I haven't reached in a couple years (my badge is wrong I kind of gave up on this sub back when I was struggling last year and need to fix it). I've been vey busy in life which helps me stay sober. It feels really cool to reach that 2 month milestone which gives me a feeling that there's reason for celebration. And yesterday I had the realization that I have the day off today a house to myself and a liquor store on the drive home. I am court ordered to stay sober but they check like once a month. I would have no problem getting away with it at all if I bought a bottle and took it home. I realized no one would know if I had a little fun to celebrate what's the harm? I am 23 and see my buddies let loose all the time why can't I?..As I approached the store on my drive home mind racing with temptation instead of hitting the brakes to turn left I hit the gas a little harder. I stayed strong and am 58 days sober today still. It made me realize two things: no matter how great it has felt the last month and how easy personally it has seemed to abstain from alcohol in that time I still have demons that I need to be aware of. I do not attend AA I have become sober mostly entirely by myself after a year plus of struggling with several methods and legal issues. I am doing good so far in the present but this event made me realize I still need to be on my toes and seek support if I need it...The other thing this made me realize is that I am way stronger than I was a year ago six months ago even two months ago. Had I had the same situation any other time in the past year (a couple days off everything with no one around) I likely would have just bought a bottle and continued my destructive cycle. Many people in my life don't realize how hard the temptation can be sometimes even daily when you are really struggling. And I am extremely proud of myself for being able to fight it off last night...So I guess I just wanted to share that little story with you people because I don't have many people in my real world that I can talk to about this alcoholism stuff. Cheers and stay sober friends!
----------immediate responses--------

I too know that vigilance is imperative as your story says. Thanks for sharing. 
I hear ya! I can stop and get liquor on my way home to an empty house. Mind over matter! You can do it! Staying sober has been a struggle... Day 19 for me. Let's do this!!
I know what you mean. This sub has made a huge difference for me. I really didnt understand before what a complex problem this is. It would be easy to fall into the belief that if I stopped once I could easily take a break from sobriety drink for a couple of days and then stop drinking again. After everything I have read here I have come to understand that sobriety is a gift and I am much stronger but I have to remain vigilant.
Yes! No hangovers- wow..that does feel so good. My last hangover- 19 days ago- it was so bad I left work early and threw up in the car on way home.  That was my wake up call.  So glad you are on this life changing journey. Keep reading and posting!
[deleted]
My brain went through a whole retraining/rewiring/reprogramming thing and since about 9 months sober I have not had a troubling thought about drinking.  The mental obsession was removed.  For me irl social support is and always has been vital.
