-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rzcfx/scared_of_social_situations/

I'm 25 and I have been sober for three weeks. For almost last four years I was drunk an average once a week. I almost always resented alcohol I started drinking because all of my friends were drinking and I'm not assertive person. I thought it made me stupid in a long term and was a barrier to achieve my goals and after all I was right. Until 21 I was barely drinking maybe once-twice a year. But once in dorm where my roommates were party types they influenced me to drink more and that's when it started...I want to achieve something in life but alcohol kills my regularity. I can be learning something for two weeks and once I drink even small amount of alcohol I postpone this positive activity. Besides I have a lot of mental problems and depression(I had taken antidepressants and antipsychotics for two years until last january) and guess what alcohol only makes things worse miserable I literally want to kill myself...I want to totally cut off alcohol. I know that in my case even one toast or one beer is bad because I will crave for more alcohol. If someone invites to some event let's say because he finally engaged to his girlfriend that one small beer before will loosen my barrier and I'd say "what the hell" and get wasted. Besides that one toast-beer is still awful and poison. I hate being tipsy and don't have any fun...Poland unfortunately has heavy drinking culture. I'm not that scared anymore of most social situations. The worst is when there are strangers or new-met-persons. If someone encourages me to drink and won't stop I know I simply can leave even when someone insults me I simply know that person is not worth any sympathy...I'm scared of my work though. I'm new employee and people drank champagne once when they were celebrating some company success just one toast I took it back then(two months ago). I'm struggling imagining how will I act if something like that happens again. Now yesterday one of my coworkers because I finally rented an apartment close to work(I was commuting 4 hours a day didn't have a choice) he suggested some homewarming party. I told him that I will consider it and that he can feel invited(I didn't say to him that I don't drink). I'm very nervous now because I'm not sure who to invite and how will that coworker feel when I say that I don't drink.......
----------immediate responses--------

I've found that if its not a close friend who I don't want to tell my life story to I just say I'm taking a break from drinking or I'm dieting so no drinks for now or I haven't been feeling well so I'm not drinking tonight. Kind of white lies but I've found people except those kinds of answers pretty easily. Plus it allows them to not feel awkward or guilty for wanting to drink around you so they'll stay and socialize. Hope this helps a bit!..And I'm so glad you're in SD!!! It's such a great community! 
What's more important what people think of you when you tell them you don't drink or not drinking? Where I live in the US there is also a very heavy drinking/drug/party culture but I've come to find there are plenty of people out there actively choosing to not be apart of it and I'm sure theres plenty people in Poland doing the same. What you've got to do is what's going to be best for you and your life not what's best for other people. Good luck on your journey!
AA meetings helped me with figuring out all this sort of stuff.   They all had been through enough similar sorts of challenges and they helped me remain accountable to my sober goals despite "life on life's terms" including work social situations and so forth.  My recovery pals helped me re-engage in the human race they still do.
I think a housewarming at this early stage is too much for you.  For me I've only just realized that I can only cope with 'dry people and dry places.'  With your coworker can you invite him to some sporting thing e.g. indoor rock climbing etc or maybe to lunch.  ..I'm telling people that I'm taking a 90 day break from drinking to get healthy and fit.  Most people don't ask me anything more after that - they start talking about themselves drinking their health  etc.  However if they do ask me if it's hard I just say yes it is because alcohol is everywhere but it's worth giving up for 90 days because I feel so much better.
