-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s1775/what_motivates_yall/

I'm at a rather shitty place in life right now. No friends no money no motivation. I need to find another job that much is obvious but I just can't be bothered to look most of the time. .I know this is probably 95% down to alcohol and I'm hoping that my motivation will come back with a bit more time sober. I also think that my total lack of drive and passion for anything is a factor that contributes to my so far many relapses....before a relapse I probably just think "Eh what the hell it's not like I have anything important to lose don't have to be anywhere don't have any friends I could alienate and drunkenly text horrible things".What motivates you? What did/do you do when you found yourself in a muddy rut?
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking did contribute a lot to a lack of motivation for me but so did my attitude. Friends and money come and go but my life is my life. It came down to caring about what goes on with *me*. And I'd say if you're here asking a question like this you probably do care about you. :)..For my motivation now I'd say: getting sober really helped me realize how massive and fascinating the world is and how much there is to do. I'm motivated by learning and seeing more in life in short. ..This keeps me grounded because it isn't rooted in other people or even how I'm feeling about *myself* at the time. Finding passion in the vastness of the world also allows me to "jump" a bit from one thing to another because some things are passing interests and that's totally fine...I really don't know if this helps or not and I'm sure there are gonna be a lot of good posts in this thread with other perspectives. I can tell you getting sober for me was *huge* in tackling this issue. 
In my final days apathy and continued wallowing were pretty much writing out its own Amazon wishlist of stuff I was devaluing and throwing away. So I tried (hard but tried) to reframe my introspection in a what do I want to *gain*?     ..Ex: I wanted a better physique and reject the skinny fat dad bod I gave myself. Exercise - alcohol counter productive.     .I wanted home to be peaceful. Stop fighting self sabotaging - alcohol counterproductive.     .I want to travel and experience things. Be present plan - hangover/alcohol counterproductive.   . I want to pay down debts. Save money - alcohol counterproductive.        ..This helped me. 
&gt; it's not like I have anything important to lose..Basically sobriety becomes REALLY important. Ends up being something that you don't want to lose.
I want to get in control of my life. I want clean skin. I want a healthy body. I don't want to damage my brain. I want to stay in school.
I want to get in control of my life. I want clean skin. I want a healthy body. I don't want to damage my brain. I want to stay in school.
When I'm in a muddy rut I actively work to get 'outside myself'...Alcohol fuels my self-centeredness.  Alcohol wants me isolated and to be selfish and self-indulgent...The best antidote for me is to do something for someone else...Walk their dog; cut their grass; go to the grocery store for someone; bring someone a coffee; to to a retirement community or nursing home and read a book for someone play cards sit and listen to them; volunteer at a soup kitchen or homeless shelter.  The opportunities are endless!!..What do you like to do?..Just for today I don't drink with you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
At the start my past motivated me. I was crippled with shame because of the things I said and did.  I would look back and say to myself "I can NOT do that again."..Now my future motivates me.  I feel like I'm finally enjoying my life and I can not wait to find out what happens next! ..Being sober has totally changed my perspective my mental state and my priorities for the better.  It took time and a hell of a lot of hard work but it was all worth it. ..I hope you find the motivation to stick with it.  People post stories daily on here about how much better their lives have become. Hopefully I read one of those stories from you somewhere down the tracks.
Oooh I remember that place that 'I have nothing to be sober for' place. Honestly I needed to do a bunch of therapy just to get to the point where I realized that my life mattered. Even my stupid lonely drunken life mattered more than I knew it at the time and I had to run on faith for awhile just cross my fingers really.  ..Once I realized I mattered that I have things to offer then it became easier to consider sobriety (I was still drinking a lot when considering all this stuff).  ..Now what motivates me is that I've done a lot of work on my mental/emotional work and I'm excited as fuck to experience life without drugs or alcohol.  ..We matter whether we know it or not and alcohol just keeps us from figuring out how to live in that truth.  Hell we all matter to this community and that's a start. Even if there's nothing else in which you believe you matter even this post that you made matters &amp; is spurring good thoughts from all who read it.  :) 
Bills.
