-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s4e1v/mood_swings_bad_days/

Work today was kind of rough. I was recently promoted to assistant manager at a bookstore that's currently not really doing so hot. Today we made maybe $20 of profit so I got a displeased text from our district manager about how "we" need to get sales up on the weekends. I've been wallowing in self-pity since I got home alternating between "This means that I am a failure and bad and am going to get fired" and "Nobody understaaaaands wah". ..It's really tempting to head down to 7-11 for a couple tallboys or go blow the meager remains of my paycheck at one of the shitty bars in my city. I'm not going to though. The 12 days I've managed to string together feel like years the way I've been alternating between pink cloud and black cloud but I'd rather wake up to literally any other scenario than another post-relapse hangover. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Yep this is about my 100th relapse (well feels like it!) and I'm starting to realize that there are so many excuses/reasons for wanting a drink.  Glad that you're not; and even though I feel anxious I'm not going to either!  ..I guess that bookstores all over the world aren't doing so well.  Can you be one step ahead and find another job?  Or study part-time?  
Hey! You just got a promotion! Focus on the positive--you can put this on your resume and start looking for a managerial position elsewhere--but as /u/pappmensch said it's not your fault your employer isn't turning a good profit but you *are* a good worker!
Hey please don't take personal responsibility for the decline of brick and mortar retail (especially bookstores).  If it were going well across the board we would still have Walden Books and Borders.  Shopping is moving online -- the daily delivery of piles of boxes in my apartment building's mailroom is testimony to that.  ...The situation still sucks for people who work in retail but it doesn't make you a failure or a bad manager.  Just a very small player in a much larger trend.  
