-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4saqkw/i_need_new_ways_to_deal_with_my_emotions_and_i/

I'm a week in. Never been sober this long before in maybe 14 years and I couldn't have done it without lurking and posting here. So first off thank you SD!..I'm noticing some very positive effects. No hangovers a clear mind more energy even though I seem to sleep less (5 to 6 hours a night because I can't seem to fall asleep without drinking). ..However there are some other effects that I wouldn't define as 'negative' but which make sobriety quite hard. I can't numb my sadness anger and resentment with alcohol anymore. I mean I could but I'm not going to. I'm having a rough day at work right now and I know the first thing I would have done when coming home two weeks ago was to grab the first beer of many and just zone out in front of the tv. Just say 'fuck it' to the struggles at work relations and every other part of life...It scares me that I need to go through all kinds of negative emotions conciously. It feels as if it could get a paralyzing hold of me. I know the hold will never be as bad as the dance with the gorilla I've been in for the past decade and a half but still. How do I deal with this?..Edit: Thanks for the feedback all. It really helps!
----------immediate responses--------

Intrusive emotions like irrational thoughts and urges come and go of their own accord for me. I recognize them identify them say howdy to them and then just watch as they eventually dissolve. Sometimes all I can do is wait but that turns out to be good enough to keep going.
&gt; I'm having a rough day at work right now and I know the first thing I would have done when coming home two weeks ago was to grab the first beer of many and just zone out in front of the tv. Just say 'fuck it' to the struggles at work relations and every other part of life...In the past you would turn to  alcohol after a stressful day.  Same for me.  I replaced that addiction that crutch with a few other things.  Carbonated water chamomile tea and most of all exercise.  They are still addictions and I recognize that.  When I am having a stressful day I turn to chamomile tea to calm me down.  Had you talked to me 147 days ago you would NEVER have predicted that...Or I turn to exercise.  Nothing works better for me than to up the endorphin level with a good workout.  Yoga has proven to be my savior.  Again every one of my friends had their minds blown when they found out I was practicing yoga.  They joked around about it and kidded with me.  No one thinks twice about it now and one guy even took it up himself. ..The carbonated water is nothing more than a replacement drink for me something to have in my hand.  It works out though so a win-win.
I just started writing in a journal. It seems to help. When I get overwhelmed with thoughts/emotions I just write write write. It clears my head and I feel a sense of relief/peace
This is the fundamental task of early sobriety: dealing with emotions without alcohol. Few things about recovery are universal but this I believe is truly something that we ALL go through...In my experience this is where the bedrock decision of sobriety comes in: the decision not to drink no matter what. ..From there you build your arsenal of healthy coping skills. Others have posted some of the best. Observing emotions and letting them pass. Meditation. Exercise. 
Getting involved in a program helped me learn how to deal with emotions a lot more quickly than I ever would have figured it out on my own. Honestly I never would have figured it out and knowing myself I'd have gone back to drinking pretty quick...One of the most important things I've learned is forgiveness. Forgiveness isn't saying that someone didn't do something wrong or that they didn't hurt you. Forgiveness is simply saying that you won't let it impact YOU any longer. Carrying around anger and resentment was weighing me down for a long time and sobriety/my program has taught me to let go of those things. It isn't easy and I have to work on it every day but it makes life a lot easier to take when things get difficult...Congratulations on 7 days! Keep it up. You don't know whether you can put 7 days together again if you stumble so hang in there!
I am working the 12 step program and I dealt extensively with all the negativity in my life.  Working and believing in this program I get to leave all that shit behind and gain knowledge and tools to deal with negative shit in the future.  This sub and the 12 steps has kept me drink free. Good luck to you!
Congratulations on not drinking!..Now the good stuff can come!  Almost all human beings have "stuff" like pride fear resentment anger etc.  These affect my emotional state.  Working with a counselor and/or working the Steps provides tools and methods that support my growth and increase my ability to accept and process my emotions...Been to any meetings yet?
I have found the principles of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy quite liberating might appeal to you if you're interested in looking at new coping strategies. Anything is better than the booze! The crazy highs and lows take their toll. At least you've given yourself a fighting chance now you're sober to tackle these issues. I really hope you get some relief soon.
