-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sbg1y/this_naked_mind_is_pretty_awesome_im_back/

I have like many here relapsed a shit tonne in the last year. After a good bout of sobriety a while back I foolishly thought I could moderate again. ..Nope!..A few months later and I once again found myself sitting on the sofa after two bottles of red thinking 'bugger how did I end up here?'..So this time (after resetting again) I'm educating myself with the brutal scientific truth helped massively by 'This naked mind'. ..A great Book so far which is really helping me focus on why I need to quit drinking this bloody poison. The whole idea of the unconscious mind controlling much of what we feel and do is really fascinating. I've got a renewed vigor and enthusiasm for wanting to reprogram my stupid brain!..Just wanted to reaffirm my belief in writing that I can do this and add thanks to you guys for being here and highlighting that book. ..Anyway Sorry for the waffle just know i need to get back involved with the Sub. Writing 'something' everyday helps loads. ..If you haven't read it yet give it a go. ..Peace out all. 
----------immediate responses--------

I thought that book might be over-hyped when I read the first chapter. I kept on reading and fell in love. That book is my bible now. I truly feel liberated from reading that book. It seems so unbelievable that reading a tiny book could make such an impact but it did. I see alcohol in a whole new light now and it ain't sexy.   
I am so frustrated trying to read that book This Naked Mind.  I ordered and paid for it on Amazon but accidentally loaded it onto my laptop instead of my kindle.  For some reason I can't open it.  How annoying.  Just need 2 bottles of red to be less annoyed.  How would this thinking be treated in the book that you can read?
I couldn't put the book down. I feel free! And anytime I feel a craving coming along I know it's that little monster inside gasping for air. Not today! Die little monster... a slow and painful death! As for me I think I'll go to the park and eat ice cream with my little nephews. SOBER! Annie Grace and SD are going to save my life and my sanity. 
That book just might have saved my life.
Highly recommend the book! Been reading it this last week off and on. Lot of good stuff to chew on.
I really like the book. Especially the parts that describe what the hell is actually going on in my brain and how alcohol has changed it.  However I can't seem to get what the key to unlocking the unconscious that is the main focus of the book.  I already understand that alcohol is creating my problems but now what? I've got 50 pages left and maybe I'm not there yet or something went over my head.  Again I think the book was very enlightening and maybe that was the point but is there something I'm missing here?
Just finished it myself.  Got sober before it came along so I can't comment on effectiveness as a treatment for alcoholism or assist to stop drinking.   It is a pretty strong  argument against moderate (or any) drinking.  Seems like some others in these recovery subs give strong testimony.
I'm reading this right now and finding some very good information. It's a refreshing read coming from AA background. The tone is positive and not about me the drinker being selfish and dishonest. AA has terrific people and the companionship it provides is excellent. And without a doubt I have realized that some spiritual progress was missing from my life. But I think AA could be modernized quite a bit from the language of the books to ideas in sponsorship. Were AA to add some cognitive behavioral therapy ideas and other psych techniques it would enhance the program and not detract. But I don't see the organization as being flexible - it feels kind of like a classic religion now where what it written is final like the word of God. Although I know there are progressive people in AA sometimes they feel drowned out by the dogmatics.  ..The topic of unconscious triggers/assumptions/beliefs is important and meaningful. I feel empowered reading the book and wiser to the problem. 
Thanks..
