-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sgol5/a_momentary_respite_this_morning/

2 weeks in and my mind has been all over the place. When I'm not pining over a drink I'm obsessively thinking about my reasons not to drink. I know this is probably very common but it is mentally exhausting sometimes. So one of the things I see repeated around here is the sentiment "nobody ever regrets not drinking the night before". Well my asshole brain has been trying to convince me that I do regret not drinking the night before. Not that I miss the hangovers but if I would just go ahead and drink once then this can all be over and I can get back to drinking. I've been trying hard not to listen to that part of my brain...This morning as I drank my coffee before getting ready for work I sat and reflected on how I would be feeling right in the moment had I drank the night before. I certainly wouldn't have been up before my alarm. I'd probably be questioning if I was even ok to drive. I'd have that miserable feeling of beyond tired with a sour stomach and blurry head. Then I went in the bathroom and saw myself in the mirror my eyes were clear eyelids not puffy and red dark circles receding. My skin didn't have an oily sheen from a night of sweating. In that moment I felt something beyond grateful I can't really describe it but I wish I could put it in a bottle and make it last forever and share it with you all because this is the good stuff right here. ..Thanks for anybody reading and I hope anybody out there who's been struggling can find some small moment of relief. It may be temporary for now but it makes this all seem worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

That moment is a big non-drinking victory! The 10-20 day mark was the hardest for me so finding these types of moments during that time frame was crucial to push me over the hump. You are starting to experience some of the rewards of not drinking...keep at it!
Excellent realization you had I raise my coffee cup to you!
Awesome! Glad you found a reason to keep going. Those little epiphanies are wonderful aren't they?
if you could put it in a bottle i'd drink it! Glad you are feeling good.
Hey u/polarb3rry !  Yes I've been there in the early days...Here's what made the difference for me:  Meetings.  Meetings.  Meetings.  I don't know how that sounds to you but for me it made all the difference in the world.  Being around people who understood what "not drinking" was like in the beginning also having people who were at the Sober Living stage (which is very different).  ..Meetings me to the stage of Sober Living.  I don't regret it ever.  Did I "like" all those meetings in the beginning?  NO !!   Did it Work?  YES!!..For me it was "whatever works to get me through"  .........The struggles are worth it.  You're getting closer and closer !!..Soon it won't be a struggle but rather a joyful place!
