-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sn083/i_finally_told_my_best_friend/

I've known I had a problem with drinking for over five years (i'm currently 24) - And over the years I have stopped drinking for months only to come straight back. ..I think one of the big parts of my continual relapse is that I never tell anyone anything. I hide that I'm not drinking like it's something shameful. ..I realised this time that it's not shameful at all. ..So tonight I told my best friend. ..Of course he reacted as I expected. Saying things like "its not that big of a deal" and "sometimes I drink so much I think I'm an alcoholic" - But I know he was just trying to find a way to help me feel comfortable...I think someone knowing even if it is only one person will help. I won't have to internalize everything! ..**Question:** I was just wondering how other people have reacted when you've told them? Any negative or positive consequences? 
----------immediate responses--------

I announced on facebook July 5th so I think everyone just assumed I was hungover and not going to really commit.   Nothing positive or negative (yet)  and I think that's a big step in the right direction to tell people your intentions.
I told my SO yesterday. I explained to him how I've been feeling and all of the negative ways alcohol has been affecting my life including the fact that I work out super hard and get no results because the mass amounts of beer I drink everyday cancel it out. He said something that pissed me off. He said "You just need to work out harder." UMM... NO. I told him he should have replied with encouragement and went straight to bed instead of the lit up bar we have in our living room. 
Good for you for taking a step in the right direction. It definitely seems like your friend was trying to be supportive. I'm just now getting used to the idea that telling people I have a problem isn't shameful...I confided in my best friend months ago about the issues I was having and she's tried her best to help me. Linking me stuff about how alcohol affects exercise and fitness how it affects pain and makes it worse (which I have a lot of issues with). But I've gone from quitting to going back to quitting so many times that I don't think she knows how to help me anymore. I told her 3 weeks ago I flushed everything again and was too ashamed to tell her how messed up I got the entire 4th of July weekend...The other person I tried to talk to about this whom I have mentioned it to in the past laughed about how "lol so you got wasted at home by yourself on the 4th." Kind of a slap in the face how I feel like I don't have anyone I can talk to.  I'd really like to tell my dad since he was an alcoholic/prescription abuser when I was ~2 and quit cold turkey successfully but I'm too scared I guess.  I'd love to see others' replies.
Plenty of negative responses from people I love. I know it's not intentional cruelty but it sucks when you have people who don't listen. That's not why I wanted to respond though. ..My dad is an alcoholic. He's never been a mean or angry drunk or anything. He's always been a great dad but for most of my life he has always had a beer close by. I told him about my sobriety a few months in. I really didn't expect his face to light up the way it did. He just told me that he thought it was great and hopes I never go back. I assume he knows far better than I what alcohol can do to you and probably doesn't want that for me. Since then and I shit you not I've actually seen a noticeable decline in how much he drinks. 
I'm glad to say I haven't had any negative responses! I've avoided my old drinking pals and the true friends I've told were all excited for me after watching my 15 year decline. I feel really grateful to have such understanding people in my life.
My wife thinks it's unnecessary that I quit and that I go to counseling. My mother is really happy on the other hand. One friend was trying to get me to drink at first. But I think that's over now. The rest of the people who know don't care outwardly at least.
