-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4so634/stuck/

I've relapsed I don't know how many times. I got so tired of badge resets I basically quit trying for a week. Haven't gone overboard with the drinking but still have that guilt. I didn't expect to still feel guilty even if I moderated. My patience (with my kids especially) has been effected. I'm sure my depression and anxiety meds aren't working as well as they should/could. I'm still reading"This Naked Mind" to try and gear up for another try. Stuck in this purgatory. Just needed to get this out.
----------immediate responses--------

I relate to the frustration of feeling stuck. I wrote the same list of 5 things to change in my life for about 15 years. It always started with "Quit drinking". I had to change my strategy in order to finally get out of that loop. For me that involved asking for help. I went to AA and finally received some real tools support and suggestions for what to do (and not do) to achieve lasting sobriety...I know how UNfun it is to feel trapped in a pattern you seemingly can't escape but there IS hope. You are not alone. It can be done. Keep on posting!
I also forgot to add that I'm having dreams about drinking every night. Thoughts of drinking  quitting drinking..... Can't even escape that stress in my sleep! Exhausted :(
I was never able to "think my way out" of my alcohol habit.  Self insight into alcoholism are great but that didn't do the trick either.  For me I needed unquestioning action which is what my experience with the [Baby Steps are all about.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I act my way into better thinking and when I went all-in--it took.
I feel you completely! Until this last time that's now lasted 541 days I felt stuck. I remember the last weekend. I was crying while drinking a beer. I felt lost. I hated my life. My only thoughts seemed to be "Quit drinking or kill myself." Glad I gave the first one a real shot this time. ..Keep your head up and keep coming back to this sub. Anything you think feel or do someone can relate to here. You have no idea how much strength actually lies within you. It takes a lot of courage to post on here and to keep trying. .
Guilt has never worked for me. I lived in a shame and guilt cycle for so long. When I felt guilty I inevitably needed a tall glass (or a short strong one) of Fuck-It-Hol. This time around I had to reach a point where I didn't care about court drug testing my parents my job etc. Alcohol wasn't some trophy I was trying to attain or some evil forbidden fruit. It was just booze. I didn't want it anymore. ..I don't know how long this feeling will last. Inevitably I will get lonely or something will happen but right now I'm pretty at peace...Hope that helped...SHort version. Don't get down. I don't think guilt ever helps.
I kept trying until it clicked and it was well worth it.
I've always focused on just the moment like the just right NOW. Everything before it...? *whoooooshhh*.... gone! Everything after it...? all in its own due time! ..So minutes hours days etc go by but I only see the moments. ..Oh and *this* moment I'm have a great cup of joe taking a break from some hot work and sending positive vibes to you and all yours. Because you see you can't really be stuck time keeps *whooooosh*! going!..
