-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4srch4/fwb_relapsed/

Met my friend in AA. We both got sober last August started seeing each other in December. (Yes I know...no dating the first year yadda yadda.) ..A good friend of his died a month ago and my friend relapsed. I didn't know it until I picked him up to go out last weekend and he was drunk. I know addicts need support and I have offered to attend AA meetings with him but I also know I'm co-dependent AF and do not want to get caught in this web. ..This is not a long-term relationship but I do care about him. I'm not a fan of AA so Alanon isn't an option. I do see an addictions counselor and will bring it up to her when I see her next month. In the meantime how should I handle this?.
----------immediate responses--------

Let the man have some dignity and tolerate his decision to drink and just walk away. Sounds like he knows where to go get help and refuses to. Not your problem to fix.
I would make a decision not to be a casualty of this situation.
I know we are all different but I can share similar experience. I dated THREE guys from AA my first year (yeah I know!) Two relapsed and it was horrible..the first was trying to get sober again and I totally didn't feel tempted to drink.. I went to his flat after a date and it smelled of vomit and cleaning fluid. We had sex and then literally two minutes after he told me he was too fragile for a relationship .. He never spoke to me again and I didn't see him in the rooms. I still didn't learn I got with another guy and he had about 6 months sobriety .. But he relapsed and it was awful he turned up at my house absolutely messed up - I poured bottles of vodka down the sink and called AA friends to help take care of him over the next 24 hours but he ran away last I saw of him he was scarily drunk. This was hard to see - I actually had mad thoughts that as he'd fallen off the waggon I could too and we could go the pub together!! I entertained this idea one day and went to see him - he was in no way fit to go in a pub.. I was stunned at how different he was than the sober version I had met.. Our drinking patterns were so different it started me on the 'well I was never THAT bad'... A short time later I started with another guy   this one had over 3 years sobriety so I thought it would be ok.. But I had a relapse I was 13m sober .. I knew he had ' connections'  I called him while drunk and to my eternal shame I got him to score drugs for me which I took at his flat. I got back to AA after and managed another few months but I think the story speaks for itself.. I wasn't drinking but I was still so scared to be alone that I didn't do the work to truly move forward - don't get me wrong I still saw plenty of improvement in my life so much so that when I met a lovely man in sobriety and all the pieces fell into place I started 'controlled' drinking... And 8 years later here I am again. I'm not saying you shouldn't stick by this person but my advice is put your own sobriety first xx
Is there a SMARTrecovery meeting near you?
