-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sthbv/day_7_after_today_i_will_have_been_sober_for_a/

I struggled a lot this past week I really did. The cravings were ridiculous I couldn't sleep if I wasn't focused on something my mind would wander and I'd think about drinking. I got resentful at not being able to drink. At the expensive dress I bought for my best friend's wedding that is a tad too small to motivate me to stop drinking. Why did I do that. At the people talking about casual drinking and being social. Resenting my ex because I felt like he drove me to drink to escape my life. But mainly... angry at myself for trying for three years and I still don't know how to drink in moderation so I have to quit...Then I had a dream I got wasted. I was blacking out doing stupid things people were telling me I was disappointing. I dreamed about my friend that died in a car crash because she chose to drink and drive. She was with her boyfriend who was also drunk and they spiraled off the highway and hit a tree and died instantly. About how I failed her and failed myself. Then I woke up and swear I saw someone or something sitting on my dresser. I sat with my light on for about an hour. As I was calming down I think the best part was realizing I didn't actually drink. I wasn't waking up hungover or still drunk I was sober. I was still able to get up at 5 and work out which I have done every day since Monday even though it starts off miserable. I see there are a lot of resources here about drinking dreams which I will be checking out today...So here's to my day 7 my first week. Addiction sucks side effects suck but the clarity I'm slowly regaining has really strengthened my resolve today. Thank you everyone for being here I read almost every post even though I mainly lurk. I could not have done this without you guys. And I look forward to not drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your week of sobriety! I can't wait until I can say the same! I'm so sorry about your friends. The reason I wanted to leave a comment is because of what you said about the figure on your dresser. I had a similar experience yesterday when I was doing yoga. My arms were up above my head and as I was slowly bringing them down I suddenly felt a ball of energy on one of my palms. I feel like as we clear our heads we become more aware of energy forces around us. Is that crazy? 
aw it'll be okay. It'll get easier too. so many people here.have done it so can you! ..As far as the sleeping issues go here's a bit of advice...the first six months of sobriety for me were not so bad because I spent many days doing some cardio. That helped with the anxiety of being sober. It pushed me to better myself. I was getting fit. ..And sleeping was never a problem because of it! ..I cannot recommend exercise enough particularly when one is in the early days / weeks / months of abstaining from a substance. 
Those damn dreams! The unconscious mind wants what it wants.....I am very proud of you and I promise that I will not drink with you today.
Good Job!  I too had a significant break up with my ex not too long ago mainly because we had a drinking problem.  I drove myself to drink in order for me to be happy in our relationship which quickly spiraled downward.  Now I am just trying my best to regain control of my life.  I started to run today and it felt great.  Great to have you on here!
Wooohooo! Great work u/kittytaile :) i know the feeling about the cravings and such. ..Keep sobering on we can do it :)..I will not drink today with you!
