-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4stt2k/constant_fear_of_relapsing/

I'm feeling good today on day 6. Healthy mind fog is lifting I'm much more motivated and have achieved many NDV's including getting back into school. My struggle right now is seeing/hearing how many people fall off the wagon after having a significant amount of time under their belt. I know this is a one day at a time process and so far that along with spending hours on here has helped me through this first week. But when I see how easy it is to relapse all I think is "wow that person made it a year+ I've never been able to do that they're stronger than me and yet they fell back to the temptation." Does anyone else struggle with this and how do you overcome it?
----------immediate responses--------

At this point I don't worry about it. I am so set in my routine that a lot of poor decisions and alarm bells would have to go off for a beer to end up in my hands. I also know at this point that drinking is never an option. Never. An. Option. ..But it took a little while to get to where I am now. What really helped me in the first few months was the Daily Check In and making a commitment to not drinking for that one day. It freed my mind from having to worry about tomorrow. 
I try and learn from other's experiences.  In other words I have read many instances where people had a long time without drinking under their belt and felt that things have changed and tried to moderate only to end up in the same place they were when they decided that they had to quit in the first place and it usually is not any easier.  ..Reading these have made me realize that the chemistry of alcohol and my body do not mix and never will because nothing about either is changing in this lifetime for me.  Sure my life is completely different now than it was two years ago but drinking again would surely lead me back to where I was.  I do not need to experience this to know it.  Therefore relapsing is not an option for me...Additionally after almost two years my life has changed so much and mostly for the better so I have no interest in going back.  When I was five days in I was still struggling with not drinking.  It took many many months or maybe even a year of not drinking to adapt to the lifestyle and make the changes I wanted in my life...Hang in there and congrats on 5 days!
I was terrified of relapse. I heard that it was part of recovery but I also realized that people who relapse tend to say that because it's part of their experience...I chose to not relapse and to maintain constant vigilance. I put sobriety as the foundation and build from there. I don't have to relapse. I do not have to have that as part of my story. Not today.
I have never relapsed so it does not happen to everyone. Take it one minute hour morning afternoon day at a time. Stay in the present and don't worry about the future. If you are sober at this moment you are doing fine. What helped me stay sober was having a therapist and involvement in AA. Thanks for your post.
nope.  But I am sure my family worries about it.  BREATHE.  Everything happens for a reason.  You are on the right track.  Just keep putting one foot in front of the other.  Congrats on day 6!  Have a nice weekend.
Someone put a great link to the steps to a relapse. I'm sorry I can't find it but maybe someone will bounce in here and link again. It helped me see that relapse is a long involved process and not some out-of-the-blue and unpredictable thing. That gave me some comfort.
I feel intensely determined to stay sober but there's always an underlying fear. Even if I feel 100% solid I can go to bed and have a textbook drinking dream where I try to moderate and its fraught with confusion and stress and insecurity. Because of the struggles I went thru with alcohol and later drugs that is probably alive in my brain as a healthy fear. It's there even when I sleep reminding me under no circumstances can I go back or let up on my commitment. I didn't expect to retain this fear to the extent that it appears in my dreams that I've been so anxious in the mere presence of alcohol. But if it's necessary to stay sober I understand my brain keeping it there. In summary using it as a motivation rather than a negative helps me :)
This may sound odd and simplistic but it's the only way I can describe it; Drinking is not an option for me. .Just as answering a yes or no question with something other than yes or no is just not an option. It never will be. Therefore relapse is not an option..I apologize if this sounds silly but how I maintain is by removing the option completely.
I focused on making new life habits not just avoiding old ones. After a while I understood that stopping drinking isn't an ending it's a beginning. In the first year or more it was hard to have this attitude at times and at times it was just a matter of not drinking today or in the next hour. ..
Every time I hear a relapse story the same theme seems to appear - people think they are cured stop going to meetings and at times kid themselves to believe they can moderate...I am not going to make this mistake. 
well just remember that you are you. not anyone else. just keep doing what you're doing. you can be different if you want. nobody's going to put alcohol in you. it's your choice
My relapses were instructive in hindsight. They were always caused by a brief period of complacent sobriety leading me to falsely believe I could drink in moderation which always led to a downward spiral into daily drunkenness...I have chosen to learn from my relapses rather than beat myself up with regret about them. Now I understand my pattern of relapse and now I can see them coming. Now I can avoid the complacency and over-confidence. Now I know for certain that I cannot moderate. I had to learn these things to strengthen my eventual sobriety and relapse unfortunately was the only way to do it...I'm not condoning relapses. And I realize I'm very fortunate that my alcoholism has not progressed to the point (yet) where relapses are almost impossible to bounce back from. ..I know that I stand a good chance if I constantly work on my resolve and stay engaged in my sobriety and go to meetings and fight back against that insidious voice in my head that says "Look you've managed to stay away from alcohol for 35 days that means you're not an alcoholic why don't you try going back to just drinking 1 or 2 on weekends?". It's when I get lazy that that voice takes over and I fail.
everyone's fighting a war we know nothing about. it's useless therefor to compare yourself to others on *any* score. 
[removed]
I've relapsed and quit again frequently enough that I've begun to discover that the next drink is going to put me through so much hell that I can't imagine doing it again...Also this time around I've set a milestone that I am determined to reach above all else: 90 days. I am prepared to deal with whatever I have to do to make it there because nothing I could suffer as a result of sobriety could be worse than suffering as a result of alcohol..
