-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sy653/coming_up_on_day_5_need_some_encouragement_and/

I'm writing this for other sobernauts as much as myself. I hope that you all can relate to some of my newbie struggles and offer advice. ..I began this journey on Monday. I walked into my first AA meeting and by sheer luck bumped into a woman who I would ask to be my sponsor a few short (but seemingly endless) days later. She guided me and welcomed me with open arms. I was terrified but feeling pretty positive. ..I've committed to doing 90 in 90 and I've hit four meetings in four days of sobriety. I thought it would get better but as an alcoholic accustomed to instant gratification there's a lot of "this isn't working yet" running through my mind. Every day it's tougher to go to a meeting. As my grand-sponsor calls it I've got a mean case of the "fuck its". ..I'm terrified to relapse because I see others around me who just have it worse and worse every time. But I'm just here like "Maybe I'm not an alcoholic?" Alcohol sure led me to spending all my money destroying relationships and altogether self-imploding...but maybe I'm different. ..I know that's probably just addiction talking. But these thoughts are running through my head every second I have downtime to myself. ..What do you all do when you get the fuck its? When you're feeling demotivated? When you had trouble with Step 1? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey u/spooty-smoot glad you're here !..You're doing Great!  Sometimes it's just 'putting one foot in front of the other' to get to the meeting!..You've got 4 of the 90 in 90 down!!   Just keep doing it!!..It worked for me.  I was so desperate I did 147 meetings in 90 days and I have not looked back !  Especially in the first days I sometimes went in the morning before work at noon after work and then an 800 and then straight to bed.  It got me through it...If you can't do that how about the daily meeting and then post like crazy here?..We're here for you.  ..Keep going...As Winston Churchill said "If you're going through Hell Keep Going!"..You can do it/
Well done on the 4 days.  ..I cannot entertain the "fuck its" they have made me relapse twice and this time I know that if I don't do this I'm going to die.  When they hit I come here and post just like you have comment and read. It always makes me more positive and inspired to do this. ..I'm on my 11th day of my 90/90 and I went in to a meeting very positive last night and had the odd experience of people coming up to me afterwards and thanking me for my energy for changing their evenings. I was told by an old timer to go to a meeting when I don't feel like it because that's when I need one. Also to go to the meeting when I really want to cause that's when the meeting needs me. As far as the step work goes apply the "Easy does it but do it" Take your time and feel your way trough it instead of overthinking it. ..The first week is really overwhelming it does get better but you have to put in the work. ..I wish you well and I really hope you manage this trust me it is harder and worse every time you have to reattempt. ..PS. from your post I don't see your struggle with step 1. You openly refer to yourself as an alcoholic your fear of relapse this all indicates a level of powerlessness. Spending all your money destroying relationships and altogether self-imploding sounds very much like an unmanageable life. Shit from where I'm listing from it sounds like you have a handle on step1. Fight the delusional "maybe I'm different" with rigorous honesty. ..Best of luck and no matter what happens just get through the day one day at a time and keep coming back. .
5% of the way to 90 another 4.5 days and that's 10%. Small steps but overall adding up to a big huge life changing step.  
Once I was shown that I had NEVER been able to control my drinking - all bets were off on what would happen next after the first one without exception - I dropped any reservations I had about "maybe I'm not as bad as  them." It was clear I was Bad Enough for Me. And that the people I saw and heard at meetings could tell stories Just Like Mine. It was clear they drank like I did; and here I thought I was the only one. ..Yet somehow they were shiny happy people whose lives were working. How did that happen? I stuck around to find out and eventually it happened to me. ..By our nature we are restless irritable and discontent. We want what we want and we want it now. Easing into "let it be" is not something we're comfortable with. But over time we see it's the only thing that really works. ..Your emotions are going to be a roller coaster for awhile. That I remember clearly :) My best advice: just let them flow. They will pass. And don't try to put too much meaning into them. Some of mine had been stuffed by alcohol for years and they finally bubbled up once the alcohol was gone and I started to be human again. It didn't mean anything other than they needed to come out. ..I was so desperate when I got here I committed to 180 in 180. By the time I got done with that I was mostly through Step 9 with my sponsor and the world had transformed in front of my eyes. Yet the ONLY thing that had changed was my attitude and outlook. And it's been improving ever since. I wish the same for you. 
[removed]
