-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sysw5/i_can_feel_the_relapse_coming/

This is so weird. I must have felt this way every time I've stopped drinking but I'm more aware of it now than ever before. I've been doing great. No drinking for almost two months no hangovers no regrets. All feeling really good...But I haven't hung out with my buds in a long time and I miss that. I really do. In passing I've thought "I can just go have a couple beers and be fine. And even if I get drunk it's all right. I'm deciding to do this it's not controlling me."..But I already know how it will go. I'll head out planning to have two or three and feel good about it. I'll even make mention of it when I order my first beer. "Oh good for you man! It's great to see you though!" Yup I'm happy to see you guys too and now it's two beers later. Oh you're going to buy a round? I guess I can have one more. "You sure? I thought you were just going to have a two?" I feel great and we're having fun don't worry about it but thanks...Next thing I know I'm on my fifth or sixth beer and I'm not even thinking about how I set out to moderate. Having a great time and none of my friends ask me about moderating (I don't expect them too either it's not their job to take care of me). So now it's a solid 6-pack (or more) later. Had a great time and now to head home. Call a cab? No I'm not that bad and it's only 3 miles anyway. ..Next morning I feel like crap but I had a great time and I'll do it again. What the fuck??? Holy shit writing it out makes it look so obvious! Why the hell do I do this?? Wow...Well I am not drinking today and I am happy with that. I'll keep in mind all that I just wrote and use it when the option to go out for a "couple beers" arises. I'll have to figure out some other option. Thanks SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Writing it down does seem to make it seem so obvious doesn't it? Stick with it man! A little later on you might have acquired the skills and coping mechanisms to be able to handle that kind of situation. It doesn't sound like you are quite there yet...Stay strong. Stay the course! I will not drink with you today.
I was having a similar thought process last night "I'll just go out and have a few it'll be fine". But then I thought why am I lying to myself? I know damn well 2 will turn into 2 am real quick and I'll wake up feeling like a sack of shit and will have wasted a pile of money. ..Good on you my friend. Today I will not drink with you and I'm very happy about that. 
I love the power of writing the words. Somehow when it's a jumble in your head it "makes sense". Good for you for writing it down and seeing the obvious! Perhaps your buddies would be up for doing something else!
I find using the [Daily Check-In](https://redd.it/4sxsoo) is a great way to set the tone for the day.  Writing those five little words "I will not drink TODAY" does some Powerful Magic in my brain!
This is a great example of "playing the tape forward"--an excellent relapse prevention strategy! Doesn't it help to see the obvious so clearly?
Playing the tape foreward really works for me. Iv'e gotten to a point where I am honest enough with myself that I KNOW I am not capable of moderation. With that out of the way it's pretty easy to predict how a drinking session will go. 
Thank you for the post. I love the honest writings about possible relapses and their thought processes. I'm finding it's good to get these open instead of hiding them and sort of "secretly" (I put it in quotes because if I'm aware it's not secret) hoping the relapse just gets me!..For me when I consider one-off drinking occasions I think about the hangover sure. Then I also think about how one-off drinking has always gotten me back into the weekly binge drinking habit which is exactly what I want to be free from!
These sound a lot like the plans I make to drink after while...I'd even be willingly to wager that somewhere about drink 4-6 you already begin to realize how much you don't want to be doing that but continue anyway past any point of "normal drinking"...Maybe it's different with friends but when I commit to "sixer" I'm usually regretting the decision halfway through but push past it into ugly drunk territory.
Are you open to meeting your buddies where there is no alcohol? A movie theater a restaurant (I noticed that Indian food restaurant typically don't serve beer) coffee?  Just a suggestion. ..You did great playing the tape forward.
This is same way it will go for many if not most of us. ..I've had the same realization when it comes to cigarettes. You start thinking that maybe you'll want to smoke again just a few in the nearby future and a week after that you're buying a pack and forcing yourself to start again. Not this time! ..Good job recognizing your feelings and I wont drink with you today either.
I loved seeing the light bulb that went off in your head LOL.  It really is that hard/easy...We want to drink (why not) but if we start (just a sip) we usually can't stop no matter how much we really want to...It's so messed up!!!  Stay strong dude.
Have a great sober weekend celebrating 60 days! You've got this!
I know the feeling. Once every few days it'll pass through my head particularly when I have a ton of work. "You need to relax buy a half-pint nurse it all night and you can wake up without a hangover and you'll sleep better. Work will improve and-"..No brain you shut the fuck up. I'll have a half-pint go wander down to the gas station at a bit past midnight and pick up enough malt liquor to drown a bull elephant and go through it in no time at all. Then I'll do it again tomorrow. Then comes the shakes and I'll be off and running and only the ER/an arrest/a miracle will let me stop again...I'm good. I've sacrificed enough time on the altar of Dionysus for any six normal people since I started.
One observation on SD... many intelligent people who can see into the future... and still think we can have a few. I read your post like I wrote it yesterday or the day before you get me. I too think that. Even told myself I deserve it again. I just do not want it. So I am here to remain vigilant.
Find some sober friends   If you're not having fun in sobriety what's the point?  ..It's a new skill you need to learn - how to handle stress and how to learn to accept that you're not wired like other people.  I have a friend whose diabetic. If we go out for dinner he talks about how he'd love to have a cheesecake. But he can't. He says "you can but I'm not made like that". So he can drink but I know "I'm not made like that". 
Fantastic work buddy. Playing the tape forward being mindful and holding yourself accountable? I'll not drink with you any day of the week.
Duuuuude this is exactly how it went for me too. Sure it's not controlling me. 2 hours later it's controlling me.
Great job playing that tape forward.  It's the most powerful sobriety tool I use...
My sponsor says 306090 days are real hard times and trigger periods. I'm approaching 30 and can relate to you. I will not drink with you today.
Good on you. In my experience of they're real friends I can totally drink coffee or soda around them and no one minds. YMMV.
