-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4t4ae1/hello_there_5_months_sober_today/

I've been reading a lot of the posts and comments on this subreddit a lot the past few days and I want to say thanks for letting me know I'm not alone in this struggle. I'm a 32 year old male that's had a drinking problem ever since it  touched my lips. I started drinking around the age of 17 and it's been a problem ever since... Over the years it had evolved from being a social lubricant into a reclusive crutch. Having anxiety and depression from an early age I can see that escaping the grips alcohol addiction(or any addiction for that matter) would have been near impossible. I always found the quote " please drink responsibility"  kind of amusing in that if everyone did(drink responsibility) giant  alcohol companies would no longer be in business.  It relies and preys on people like you and me to keep it alive and it is such an easy trap to fall into. Remember we were tricked...  It's not completely our fault..   I was a smoker for 10 years  and I've now been 4 years smoke free... And  I recall a lot of people saying " quitting nicotine is the hardest addiction to break... Blah blah blah"they were wrong. After a few weeks without nicotine your body and mind just stop craving it.... Alcohol doesn't do that. I had an  breakdown after about 2 months of sobriety where I started crying ( in front of my 3 year old daughter)  because the desire and cravings to drinking weren't going away I still wanted to drink. That's because alcohol is an emotional addiction. Not only that  it's a socially acceptable emotional addiction. I'm not saying everyone that drinks is an alcoholic but booze is very black or white.  It's either your best friend or your worst enemy. .  Anyways before I ramble anymore I want to thank you again for the stories and words of encouragement amongst this forum it's been very insightful and helped me through some doubtful times. . Stay strong folks! . ...
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on five months sobriety. Great achievement.
congrats!
Congrats on 5 months! Insightful post too.
Well done on 5 months bruv keep it up!
Congrats. I'm looking forward to 5 months. 
Congratulations on 5 months! It's so inspiring to read everyone's stories on here.
How are the ctavings after 5 months? Able to do normal things where people drink?
Thanks for posting. I'm also a 32 year old male and have struggled about as long as you. You are right about alcohol being an emotional addiction. But you must be doing something right. I've never made it to five months. Keep it up!
As a 50+ male I really wish I had made this choice for sobriety at 32.  Good for you!
You are very inspiring thank you for writing this! Congrats!
33 yr old male here...I don't get cravings for alcohol  per se  I just get very irritable. My subconscious may crave it but I physically don't feel an urge to drink....Do I still want to drink? Sort of. I'd love to experience a buzz again or a good solid drunk but without the consequences. ..That's not possible. It's a trap and I see that clearly now. ..Uh cigarettes on the other hand.. I've been weening down for the last couple weeks with some success. I did ten cigs a day for two weeks and I'm sad to say I backslid a bit  I'm probably smoking around fifteen a day now. ..I should just cold turkey. The ween seems to be a serious test of resolve and it's tiring ..And cigarettes give me terrible cravings . It's mind consuming. And personally i didn't get that when I gave up booze. Not to say that quitting alcohol for me was easy it was certainly not just different 
