-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tbi65/another_weekend_and_nightmares/

Hi all hope you're well and sober! My thoughts going out to those who may be going through a rough patch too. ..I've really struggled this weekend (3rd weekend sober) and after some contemplation put it down to fatigue and boredom. I'm so so incredibly fatigued (I have chronic fatigue but thought sobriety would only help with that) and devoid of energy. I did have a boost in energy a week in but I wasn't in work then. Has anyone else had this significant dip in energy in the early days? I'm eating better than I have in months/drinking more fluid than I thought my body could even handle. With the regards to the boredom do any of you care to share how you occupy your time now? I know we all have individual hobbies/interests but I'm open to any suggestions. I'm so angry at myself/alcohol for never having really developed a meaningful full life because of staring at the bottom of bottles for the best part of a decade. If it wasn't drink it was depression...I've also read here about the bad dreams people can get but I seem to be having a startling amount for it only being 2 weeks. I've had 4 dreams so far where I've dreamt I was drunk and losing control. One time it took me ages to come around when I woke up and actually realise I hadn't had a drink the night before...the dream was that convincing. I keep having horrific nightmares too quite violent and painful. Is this my brain doing it's thing and does this ever pass? I do feel rested most mornings however which is a revelation...Hope you've all had good weekends. So grateful for this subreddit it has made all the difference this time around.
----------immediate responses--------

I've dreamed about 4-5 different times that I was drinking. I always wake up really disappointed with myself until a realize it was just a dream. These dreams really freak me out and I hope they go away eventually...Regarding the fatigue have you been to a doctor? It could be a completely different medical issue. I would get a full blood work to make sure everything is ok.
I slept sooooo much my first round at getting sober.  Had no energy  like I honestly used the motorized cart to shop so I feel you.  I never had nightmares until this go round. So I feel your pain but I also know it gets better.  As far as boredom  I took my dogs on walks went hiking  watched way too much tvtried a bunch of different at things I hasn't done in years  I looked into my past for things I use to enjoy and went from there.  I found out a lot of things I just couldn't do anymore it has been too long  but I  tried a lot of new things... crocheting different ways to paint adult coloring book video games got a gym membership  got into a routine  eating healthy got pretty health conscious volunteered at a animal shelter went to different libraries checked out things to do and see in my area learned how to cook a lot of self discovery mediation therapy.... I'm sure there is more but those all stuck out.  ..Anyway I hope you find what works for you &amp; hang in there! ..High five
Congrats on 16 days! I also have chronic fatigue syndrome and for me personally B12 injections administered by my PCP were a great help. Sometimes I still get tired even at 150+ days but I look back at all the damage I did to my mind and body with alcohol for so many years..it's pretty damn exhausting lol :)
