-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tf448/after_30_days_i_feel_like_life_is_just_starting/

It's true. I feel like my life is my own again. For anyone struggling it does get better. I'm going to recommend *This Naked Mind* for the millionth time. ..Things I've experienced:..* Sleep is not perfect yet but it's better than it was...* 10 lbs down -- 25 more to go...* Making progress on my lifting routine..* Starting to teach myself computer programming..On that last one I had something of an epiphany yesterday. Or rather I saw a metaphor for alcohol abuse in the code I was working on...There's a concept called loops where an operation gets executed over and over until the test statement is no longer true based on the output of the loop. When your computer or a program freezes up it's because it got stuck in a loop -- there's a bug that was never caught. ..Alcohol abuse is like being caught in a loop that won't end until you reboot the system and look closer at that bit of code. But it will never end if you do nothing.   
----------immediate responses--------

Nice analogy! And congratulations on 30 days!
Conga Rats!! On to the next 30!
Congratulations on 30 days! But I have to ask would you recommend *This Naked Mind*?
I am loving This Naked Mind!! I quit years ago with AA but have been reluctant to go back to the rooms.. Don't get me wrong AA was a LIFE saver and I have huge gratitude and respect for the fellowship.. But I must confess I never liked being labelled 'powerless' or later when I rejoined the real world having to explain where I was going most nights or indeed having to go - I found myself busy I had a new boyfriend was studying getting to gym classes and I just didn't like that my sponsor kept on at me that 2 meetings a week was not enough... Maybe she was right? After all I drank again a few weeks after I stopped AA.. But this time.. 8 years later life is not as dark as it was when I hit 'Rock bottom'.. It's largely fabulous I just feel alcohol is now what is taking up too much of my life! I know I'm slipping and that's why I'm here.. This Naked Mind makes so much sense to me! I already feel happier because I am 'normal!' Just a regular person who is addicted to a highly addictive substance!!! I feel powerFUL instead of powerless.. And that feels great doesn't it?!   I know it still will take some 'work' I have to experience alsorts of things without alcohol and recondition my mind to realise alcohol is not in anyway responsible for making that experience fun/bearable .. One day at a time def still true for me but it feels good to know I am making the choice - instead of that nasty booze! 
[removed]
Congrats on the month. I like the code analogy.
