-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4thd1z/some_strange_things_happened_today/

Day 10. I woke up feeling ok still pretty tired for sleeping poorly (though probably just due to the heat where I am). Still have no energy yet...Go to class. We're having a big class discussion and suddenly I'm making the whole class laugh I'm feeling good confident and just plain happy. But I realise I might be hogging the floor so I pipe down for a bit and listen to others. Then this young woman in my class starts speaking. I'm a bit of a hopeless romantic sometimes and perhaps when I'm drinking a bit more hopeless than anything else. Anyway she's speaking giving her opinion and suddenly I'm just so happy to listen to her just enjoying another human being their presence. It almost felt I could see her spirit and it seemed like a marvelous thing. This sounds cheesy and like I just have a crush on this person but I don't. ..A while ago listening to an AA speaker online I heard something like: "I can tell my distance from God by how I'm thinking about other people. If I see a bunch of bums who always get in my way then I'm far away from God. If I see regular people just like me with their own problems struggling doing right and doing wrong then I'm getting closer". ..For some reason I thought about this with my classmates today. I just loved being with them having their company. ..Just another spiritual experience in Spanish class. Haha..Another thing. Being sober for 10 days now I'm becoming more and more aware of this emptiness in me that calls out to be filled. I thought of all the things I could try to fill it up with: booze tobacco sex drugs sugar.... None of these can do the trick. I need to be with people and be in the world more to do that. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! Thank you for sharing!
Impressive observation for someone so early into recovery! Keep it up!
Great post!..Today's Grapevine Quote of the day is:.."I had been living too much alone too much aloof from my fellows and too deaf to that voice within."..I like the quote you shared about "my distance from God"...Whenever I want to get back on my spiritual path when I feel 'separated' from my inner voice all I have to do is think about someone else. See them as a person like me with feelings short comings fears and aspirations.  Then I get to a place where i see that everyone I encounter offers me the chance to learn about them and conversely myself IF ......IF..... I will listen and hear them and their story...Then I feel connected...Peace be with you.  Just for today I don't drink with you.
