-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tnp27/its_taken_me_a_while_but_i_think_now_would_be_a/

I'm 26 and have been battling this demon for a couple years now. It started out like with most people just to socialize get out and party meet girls because hell that's what all the cool kids do. It's all I hear about in my music and I don't wanna miss out on my youth and regret it later. And besides I've got it under control I'll never become that morning alone drinker right? Well I guess I was wrong. ..Looking back the first few years were fun but as time went on and responsibilities took over it became more and more habitual and the fights and problems it created were so not worth it. It only really got bad for me a little after I started the job I quit a little over a month ago. In the first year I was still working out 5 days a week being health conscious eating mostly right and being social and going out with friends. But as time went on I started drinking during the week and that was fine because I was younger and healthier so it didn't affect me much the next day as I never really got hungover. When I was "at my best" I only drank socially usually Thursday Friday and Saturday. I HAD a lot of friends met a lot of women had what I thought were great times...However as the years went on I got bored of it and tired of it so I started cutting people out and becoming more reclusive always trying to "slow down". Then a few years ago I met a girl that I feel forever changed me pair her with a job that I was realizing was making me wanna drink more and more and that's when I started falling apart inside. On the exterior I was doing great making good money always looking to build my car lived in a nice place. But I spiraled after this girl I mentioned started stalking me belittling me busted my nose and ultimately broke into my place and trashed my car and of course the police did nothing to investigate so you can imagine how alone and hopeless I felt. The only reason I kept her around for a few months was desperation and I finally had a drinking buddy to stay home with. The old me would have gotten revenge or did something about it but this new me that always has to be at work getting treated like shit by my coworkers in a very toxic environment just laid down and took it. A few months after that and a shitload of stress later I experienced my first panic attack and I've never been the same since. It was after a night of my usual drinking a half a fifth I woke up and I just didn't feel right. Never in my life had I felt this heart racing skipping beats mind feeling like I was going insane but I trudged to work anyway and when I got there I told myself I can't do this. I'm going to have a heart attack. And I left work and then kind of relaxed but still didn't feel right. Little did I know what I was experiencing or what caused it(The night before). I think my mind just decided it couldn't take it anymore. ..Being a fighter I pushed through it but that's when I started getting worse. I almost never went out anymore could barely be in a grocery store in traffic or anywhere public. One morning after being at a friends party I started day drinking because he had too and every bit of me to fight it was gone. I had never wanted to get to that point but after everything I was going through I Just flat out stopped caring. My career was making me miserable I was working just to get to drink on the weekend nights. And every few months I'd have such a bad week that I'd fall into the bottle on a friday night and not get back out till sunday only to call off on monday so I could pull myself together. ..So last year I tried therapy after another weekend bender and worked toward bettering myself I started working out again eating right keeping busy with video games movies whatever. Then I got the smallest dose of a benzo prescribed just to get through work. ..Well since that time I had to put my dog down which made me feel even more terrible about having moved away from home and missing out on 6 years of his life then I was forced with an ultimatum and decided to remodel my place against what I wanted to do and that was get out more and try to enjoy life. Well the remodel ended up taking 7 months an unbelievable amount of stress a shitty contractor and all of the work to the place being done by me with next to no help. That was my breaking point and the reason I'm choosing not to drink with you today. I couldn't take the stress of my job and realized it was a catalyst for my drinking because most of my coworkers were alcoholics always looking for weakness in a person so they could exploit it and I just couldn't be there anymore doing nothing while my place was in shambles so I decided I would quit and turn my life around...Well after just straight up quitting with no action plan and not really being THAT financially sound the only thing I wanted to do was work on myself. Well that turned ugly quick the stress of working on my place plus everyone around me and all the bad in my situation I quickly went back to my old ways. Going on a 4 day bender the first time then the next week on a five day and now recently on a 2 day. After the first 2 I decided to quit but I relapsed after 8 days because of 4th of July and feeling like everyone was out having fun and I was trapped in this shithole of a place all by myself dry and upset with a LOAD of difficult work to do and the feeling of being trapped by it. So back in I dove more under control this time but regardless I was back in it...At this point I know I can do it I've done it before and getting through the first week wont be too hard. I want what was robbed of me from this drug and the all my past life events. I want the optimistic fighter back the guy whose always laughing the guy whose succeeding the guy with goals and dreams the guy who can truly love the guy that cares for himself and those around him the guy that can wake up in the morning and look forward to the day and not have it crushed as soon as he gets to work the outgoing guy always looking to meet new people. I need that guy back before I completely lose everything. Not this cynical shell of a man who can barely get himself going out in public can hardly go get himself food hates the world around him and just wants to lay around all day or go get bottle vegetate and listen to music before passing out. This is not me and I let things get the better of me. I'm done with crippling anxiety and feeling depressed. All thanks to what I thought was the greatest thing ever. Alcohol. 4 years ago I would have never thought that this is where I would end up and i'm a little disgusted by it. I know many of you can relate or have gone through worse or less but this isn't a pissing contest and I want to share the same goal with you. I appreciate all the helpful members here and am very glad to have found this site. Will I succeed? Maybe. Maybe not. Will I try? Definitely...Thanks to all who read my story Today I will not drink with you. We all deserve more.        
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I also would say that I became very cynical and reclusive when alcohol was my main "friend." I believed it helped my anxiety and depression but I see now that it only enhanced them. I am learning that I can be the woman I want without alcohol. You can do this. I will enthusiastically not drink with you today!
thank you for sharing your story. I will not drink today with you. I hope you can find some local support too SMART or AA or something...best wishes to you on your journey to sobriety :)
You got this hombre. You got this. 
Thank you for sharing. I'm 25 and I know what you mean about being lonely and just drinking after work to forget I was lonely. I will not drink with you today :) 
Quite a story; you've been through a lot. Welcome to SD. 
