-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tsh4a/just_when_i_thought_things_were_getting_easier_i/

I started my journey with you all on June 5th of this year. I was originally committed to 15 days and I am so stubborn that I really didn't have too much trouble with the first week. Sure I was thinking about drinking constantly bargaining in my head telling myself that it wouldn't be a big deal if I had a drink or two but constantly overriding those thoughts with the stubborn reassurance; "you made a commitment ya fuck... it's just 15 days"...When I hit 15 days I was starting to feel the benefits. The weight loss the mental clarity elevated mood the same $100 dollars in my wallet that I withdrew a week ago etc. I also started to experience the "mental gymnastics" (as /u/Nika65 called it) that others have warned about. I began justifying why if I drank at an upcoming birthday party it would not be a setback or relapse. I shared my thoughts here for support and clarity and received a lot of great insight feedback and encouraging comments. In the end I did not drink and felt great about it...It felt like a huge win and I was very proud of myself. I stupidly thought that after a victory like that it would get easier. I was wrong. The following weekend I had another party that I hosted in a suite at a baseball game. I didn't mentally prepare myself to not drink and probably 2 or so days before the event I had made up my mind that I would drink. This was on July 2nd... just under 4 weeks and just under 1 month in...I didn't drink a ton. I didn't get hammered. I didn't black out. I didn't feel guilt shame anxiety or anything negative and was ready to pick up where I left off with my sobriety. My girlfriend and I were house sitting for a couple in SF that came to our suite party and as a thank you they left us a bottle of wine for my girlfriend & vodka for me...My girlfriend and I decided that our 12 week diet/sober period could wait 1 week while we were house sitting. This went from being a cheat week to a bender for me. I finished that bottle of vodka in about 2 days and over the course of that week I drank a little from just about every bottle in their liquor cabinet bought and finished another bottle of vodka went to a bar near where they were house sitting several times and even took a few breaks at work to go to the bar near my office for a few...Like a light switch I went from perfectly fine to exhibiting all of my worst behaviors all at the same time. When we got back home I could not stop. I also realized the worst part of my drinking. I lie. I am a liar. I like to think of myself as a very honest and generous person but when it comes to drinking I am a selfish liar...I pretended last Monday that I was not feeling well. I told everyone that I thought I was coming down with a stomach flu. My girlfriend coworkers mom (who was watching my dogs); Literally everyone. I took a half day on Monday and told everyone I would not be back on Tuesday either. I went home and over the course of about 3 hours I drank 3 bottles of wine. I spoke to my girlfriend and she mentioned I sounded drunk (no shit!!!). I lied and told her that I was just feeling sick and had just woken up from a nap. When she got home I lied (again) and told her (proactively without her even asking about it) that I had given all of the wine away...She knew I was drunk and continued to press and I continued to lie. I finally broke down and told her that I had drank a little bit and that I wasn't feeling sick but overwhelmed. I don't remember going to sleep but I remembered her being furious. The worst part was waking up horribly hung over with a hazy memory of the night before and not knowing where I had left off with my lies. She wouldn't talk to me all day but that night I told her the truth. The whole truth and the honest truth...Last Tuesday I spent the day sober feeling like a horrible boyfriend person and employee. I felt like I had let everyone down (including all of those here who helped me gain clarity and I never wanted to show face at this sub ever again)!..It took me a week of shame before even being willing to share my experience because I humiliated myself. The biggest thing that I took away is the fact that positive results are the result of proactive activities. I actively prepared myself for the birthday party and thought my work was done there. I didn't prepare myself for the baseball game and had given myself permission to drink several days before I even went. If you train hard for months to get your body into peak physical shape and successfully run a marathon that doesn't mean that for the rest of your life you can run a marathon on command...I need to stay vigilant I need to face adversity head on and I need to own up to it when I make mistakes. Running away lying and keeping secrets like I did will only make things worse. Much worse...Sorry it is so long but that is my story and today I am back and if you all will have me I would love to join you all in not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you are here. I commit to you and everyone else here that I will not drink today. Let's get on with this!
Glad you are back. 
[removed]
&gt; If you train hard for months to get your body into peak physical shape and successfully run a marathon that doesn't mean that for the rest of your life you can run a marathon on command...A quotable metaphor. It is pretty amazing how easy it is to backslide and end up as though you made no progress at all. Sobriety is as they say one day at a time but accumulated recovery time is precious. It's hard won and easy to negate...I've learned the same lesson recently so I'm glad to not drink with you today.
Welcome back! And thank you so much for sharing! This is my first attempt at not drinking and reading stories like yours helps me remember to stay vigilant on my own journey lest the lizard brain try to convince me I can have just a couple drinks. I've learned that will never be enough. The real trick is remembering that when temptation comes along. I'll happily not drink with you today.
Great honest and well written post! I literally could FEEL your sickness when you skipped work to drink wine! I could feel your shame too !! I will keep this post so I can re read it later so I don't forgot those feelings.  Keep being honest with yourself! Love you brother ! 
I applaud you for pulling yourself back up and out of the hole.  There are many stories of people quitting on here and then they slip and disappear.  You can take solace in the fact that you tried again almost immediately.  I quit for 3.5 years once and slowly slipped away for the next twenty (TWENTY) years!  It takes a strong will power to rebound that fast..
Thank you for sharing your recent experience it's a great reminder of how slippery that slope can be. Welcome back I look forward to not drinking with you! 
What a good post - full of honesty. Thank you for writing it and welcome back xx
One thing I love about this sub is that people are always completely honest: they honestly celebrate their victories and they honestly talk about what they see as their shortcomings. Posts like yours give me insight into my own struggle so I appreciate the detail and the reflection you offered. Your story describes my biggest fear which is that if I slip I'll go all out maybe even more than before. Welcome back. I wish you the best on the next part. 
I needed to hear this.  The same thing happened to me.  I'm embarrassed and disappointed in myself.  ..Thanks.  I won't drink with you today either!
It takes a lot of courage to be able to post this so kudos! And kudos for hopping right back on! Very happy to have you back on board :).
Thanks for sharing. I have been in this exact spot and gone through the same thoughts and actions so many times. I'm glad you're back and I will gladly not drink with you today.
thank you for sharing.  stories like this keep us on our toes.
Great post.
Thank you for your amazing post great you came right back and didn't let years slip by! I had a similar situation in May and it took me till a few days ago to stop again. Congrats on 8 days!
Sometimes an experience like this one--awful as it is--can actually be a gift. The reality is we don't stand a chance of accomplishing lasting change if we don't see where we really are. So if your eyes have been opened then weird though this may seem I'm truly happy for you.
I see myself here so much. If I relapse it will probably look a lot like this. Thanks for telling this here. I've been feeling creeping relapse signs but coming here and reading stories like this really help. ..Not drinking with you today...PS: I'm also a huge liar when drunk. Bigtime. 
Thank you for sharing your story - and thank you for being here with us.  I am glad you are back!
