-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tvmoh/help/

i'm on the verge of a relapse can't stop thinking about alcohol. been sober for 6 months my woman left me .
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you for reaching out. Drinking can only make bad things much worse. You'll be so happy tomorrow that you didn't throw away those six months today.
[removed]
AA has a crisis line you can call or try playing it forward you know it will not make anything better just much worse. I kicked away six months recently and I hated myself for it I was home sick and worried about just shit I couldnt control you are strong and can get through this!
None of my low points these past six months have been worse than the spot I was in last year. I know that drinking will just temporarily offer me pleasure and release me from my problems for a few hours but will do nothing for me in the long run and then I'm right back where I started: with a big drinking problem. In fact it'll just make my problems worse and be a huge setback for me. Relationship troubles with significant others friends family can be rough. But when one thing ends something much needed grows in its space. Keep going. Don't give up. If I look at my journey I know I am better than my old drinking self--we all are even if it doesn't seem like it in some moments. 
Have a cranberry and tonic with lime. Great alternative to drinking that has helped me out...hang in there buddy and don't drink! You have HUGE support behind you on here. I will not drink with you today!
[removed]
Hi there. Six months sobriety is a wonderful achievement. I will not drink with you today. Got got this!
I know you must be going through a terrible time but you have 6 months!! You put such intensive work into that and you can continue this journey. If you can't get to a meeting maybe call the AA hotline or some sober friends? If it were me I'd keep as busy as possible (even though I could understand if you don't want to); it usually takes my mind off of things and gives me some time. You could also visit the IRC here and be welcomed into a room with plenty of people from the community ready to support you :).
Breathe. Its a shit time but you can get through it...Drinking will only make it worse. Can you go to a meeting or hang out with someone sober? Even if ur not aa i found it helpful just to keep distracted. or stay here and talk with us...Try to find some calm and distract yourself. Even hour to hour. You can do it!.
One thing that I am slowly starting to understand is that we put so much into the feelings we have for someone and think we will never have those feelings for someone else. We will and the new ones will make you forget the old ones. I know it hurts I was there last year. You will get over this. In a way this doubling of shittyness will cement things for you and make you fucking stronger.
drinking wont make any of that any better and you know it or you wouldn't be here trying to quit. take a deep breath vent it all out here if you like.
i want to thank you guys for all your comments  i saved all of them and they are all a great help to me at this time. a big thank you from the bottom of my heart you are good people with hearts of gold stay strong and take care.
You can also try the chat in the sidebar. Alcohol never makes anything better. Hang in there.
Meetings hit a lot of them! Go to one daily go till you wanna go! ..You'll be ok with time
