-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4txo2t/17_days_sober/

Hi everyone. I hope everyone is doing great in their struggles against alcohol. Today I am 17 days sober. I regret not posting the last couple of days but I have been preoccupied with an off-site work training program. The last couple of weeks I have been mostly writing about myself and my experiences with sobriety both good and bad. Today I feel confident that I got through the hardest part which is getting sober. I doubt I can be of much service to others at such an early stage in my sobriety but if I can be of any use to anyone I would be honored. So this post is particularly for those new to sobriety. Here is what I have found so far. First getting sober IS harder than staying sober. Second getting sober is actually not a long process. It does not start until you act. My previous way of thinking is that I have been working on getting sober for the last 5 years. I was bullshitting myself. Getting sober only started when I decided I was ready and took action. Third many of us have already lost credibility so talking about going sober holds no weight with others. Fourth getting sober for someone other than yourself (wife kids law employers friends) will not work. They are the beneficiaries of your sobriety not the reason to quit drinking. Love for others will not get you sober. Only love for yourself can give you the inspiration to change. Fifth cultivating an honest and selfless love for yourself and others is the hardest part of getting sober. Once you have forgiven yourself and others for any regretful behaviors and perceived flaws the lightbulb will turn on. You WILL take action ONLY after you dive deep within yourself and accept things for the way they are. Love for yourself provides the strength to make a better change. Six do not struggle for self perfection. You will never achieve it. Focus on being a better person than you were yesterday. Do that everyday. Seven don't take offense to those who wish harm on you. Instead know that they cannot hurt you more than you've already hurt yourself. Instead take simpathy on them. Their treatment of you and others is a reflection of the distain they feel for themselves. Of course these are my opinions but if anyone can take something good from this then by all means do it. Stay strong everyone. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Side note: When you find yourself in a situation where doing the right thing is difficult just try. Consciously doing the wrong thing in a situation because it's easier will manifest regret. Regret will cause you to love yourself less. Loving yourself less will cause you to think that you are not worth the rewards that sobriety will bring. You will then be more likely to start drinking again.
Hi there. Congratulations on 17 days. I will not drink with you today.
Hey Mustangs thanks for checking in! Great post so true. 17 days....WOOHOO :) Stay strong!
I'm already inspired - you got 5 more days than me! Don't let me catch you up great post x
