-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u2lup/and_we_beginday_1/

I clearly can not handle drinking. I don't do it very well and I proved that point again yesterday. Here is the depth of my disease...I don't want to be an an alcoholic so I told myself I would "moderate". I went to the point of buying a breathalyzer and decided that I liked how I felt at 0.04 so I was going to maintain at that level. Messed up thinking right? And of course it never worked. Yesterday was a disaster. ..I drank in the morning I drank at the laundromat I drank when I was putting the clothes away and then when I was done I couldn't find my keys. (which in hindsight was a good thing). But not being able to find my keys I came unglued...and I mean really unglued. No one could console me. I kept denying that I had been drinking (really?!?). And when we finally found the keys I was done....done with feeling out of control. Done with lying to the people I love hurting them and me. But mostly I was done drinking. I surrendered. ..It was different this time. I got honest. Really honest about my addiction and how bad it had gotten. Together we poured out all the bottles and I felt relief. Today after a decent night's sleep I feel better than I have in almost a year. Though it did feel weird not drinking this morning. I always had "just one to clear my head" (What?!?!) Yes that was my logic. This morning I did not drink. This morning I went to the store and got real grapes not wine. This morning I could look the cashier in the eyes. This morning I smiled at someone as I was walking out of the store. This morning my journey begins and I am excited. (As I am reading this over I am starting to cry. Pretty cool to feel real emotions)..I am grateful for the reading recommendations. I purchased "Girl Walks Out of a Bar". In reading the intro I can tell that she has penned my story. I do not feel so alone. And I am grateful to SD for giving me somewhere to share my victories and my struggles. Not drinking...one day at a time. Today is Day One!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I am so very proud to be here with you! Not so very long ago I was literally taking it one hour at a time. Now I'm more comfortable with taking things one day at a time! It gets better so stick with it!..I will not drink with you today!
Hiya. I will nt drink with you today. Sending you best wishes.
I was able to start my sober journey [with the things I describe at this link to a post called the Baby Steps.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you.
Good to see you here.  I will not drink with you today.
I am excited for you too! Keep reading and keep posting! It's possible and you're worth it! (PS: I'll have to check out that book. You may also like This Naked Mind Blackout and Habits of a Happy Brain. A few of my fave readings so far)
That's a good book read it a few weeks ago... Congrats on your first steps.
This is awesome! Thanks for sharing! I'm going to have to check out that book now though. One of my favorite things about SD is that everyone understand your non-drinking victories. The fact I can drive past the liquor store and not stare it down and not even think about it being there was a huge victory for me. My husband didn't understand it at all &amp; looked at me like I was crazy when I told him but when I got on here and shared it people understood. It's a pretty cool &amp; unique place. ..High five day one! 
Welcome back! I just finished Girl Walks Out of a Bar - awesome! Felt like it was my own memoir lol and read it in 2 days :)
Welcome! I just started as well we are in this together! 
Welcome! I'm glad you're here. I really relate to your story and look forward to more of your posts.
[removed]
To everyone who read my post or commented on it.... I thank you! Middle of day One. My eyes feel a little hazy I'm still kind of tired but taking it easy. I appreciate you all and SD more than I can say! 
Good to have you here!..Man I have to be honest I laughed when I said about the 'The 0.04'. It reminded me the scene from Mitchell and Webb called [Slightly Less Than Two Drinks](http://www.videobash.com/video_show/slightly-less-than-2-drinks-the-key-to-get-ahead-in-life-mitchell-webb-2653541)...It never works. I didn't get quantitative as you but I also had similar messed up ideas. I have finally left those days behind after many trials and errors...Two practical things I could say is that when you have an urge to drink don't debate whether you've stopped alcohol for good or not. Don't entertain that thought. Switch it with a new one by saying 'pfffft shut up' or something. Secondly when you go out and order a non-alcoholic beverage if someone asks you why you don't drink you don't owe that person any explanation. You don't owe explanation to anyone. When I was uncomfortable about that at first I used safe phrases like 'I don't want to drink today' or 'I'm good thank you'. Keep it short and it will be fine. ..Bring it on!
RandrindoLove love love your reply! My "going out plan" is to order first and keep a drink in my hand at all times. If someone wants to buy me a drink "no I have one but thanks!" ..The one that's going to be tough is my cousin who is more like a brother. I only see him a couple of times a year but he "expects me to drink" and tells me I'm not fun when I don't. But I have not been honest with him about the depth of the problem. I'm sure he would be supportive. My pride is in the way. Everyone else won't matter. My close friends are all aware. Hell they were all with me looking for my keys and they took pictures of me to remind me how bad it was. ..Glad I'm not alone in my crazy schemes. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Lol
I won't drink with you !
