-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u74hp/is_today_a_good_day_to_start_drinking_again/

When I first quit drinking I lasted 60 days and then I relapsed. After 60 more days of drinking I decided to give quitting another shot.  ..At first my goal was to break my original 60-day record. "Not Drinking Forever" seemed so intimidating at the time. I had drank heavily for 30 years in some ways it was all I knew. The idea of never drinking again for ever and ever scared the hell out of me.  ..So I tried for 60 days and I told myself that I would revisit the question at that point. 61 days in and I decided to keep going. I wanted triple digits and I wanted them bad. So my next target was 100 days.  ..At 100 days I asked myself "Is this a good day to start drinking again?". The answer was "Nope."  ..And I have asked myself the same question every time my badge rolls over another 100 days. I can't promise I will never drink again. Never ever is a very long time. But I can stick with it for 100 days I have proven that I can do it.  ..I just noticed that my badge ticked over 1200 days. So I ask myself "Is today a good day to start drinking again?"  ..Nope.  ..So there it is...I am not going to drink today. And I will ask the same question in a little over 3 months time.  ..And I want to thank all of you wonderful people who aren't drinking today in solidarity with me and with each other. 1200 days ago this community was around 8000 sobernauts and now look we're over 41000 strong. To think that I am part of an army of sobernauts that covers every corner of the globe every age every time zone every race every gender. All of us are so very different yet all of us are exactly the same.  ..We're alcoholics. We're not drinking today. And we care enough about each other to help each other not drink today.  ..So fellow citizens of Stopdrinking I ask you "Is today a good day to start drinking again?"  ..I say "Nope!"  ..What say you?
----------immediate responses--------

Nope! Not today!..I started out a similar way with initial milestones of 30 60 90 120 days because "forever" was unimaginable to me and I presumed it would suck. I then took the decision that I am going to remain sober as I know that it won't ever be a good day to start drinking again! So it never takes any effort for me to answer that question I know the answer already! Rather than sober being a miserable prison sentence like I thought it would I discovered that it's the opposite I am free :)
[Nope.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdf5n-zI14)
Certainly not. It is a no brainier for me today. Despite the fact that my car has conked out I will not drink with you today. Thanks for your excellent post. So inspiring.
That's a great story there. Thanks for sharing. I like the idea of 100 day blocks. Nice one. 
I like that you revisit it at set intervals along with daily commitment. Very inspiring! Have a great weekend!
Looks like forecast of sobriety today with a 100% chance of NOPE...Well done I think this a good approach. :)
Thank you for this post.  This is a great day to not drink
Nope...To much life to live today.
If you had just left it at the title you would have been bitched out by everyone in this subreddit.
Fuck no...1202 is an awesome number! Congrats. 
NooooooopE !!  ;D
No!!!!! Love that question!
I'm trying to envision a day that is a good day to start drinking again and I'm pleased that I'm coming up with nothing. The best day of my life? Nope. The day a meteor is scheduled to obliterate the earth? Maybe....meh nope.
LOL it's never a good day to start fucking up my life again.
I say no! Thanks for the post! 
I got 99 problems but a drink ain't one. And none of those 99 are going to be improved by adding alcohol into the equation. So no drink today.
