-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u9yj7/no_more_drinking_and_crying/

May 15 was my first day of sobriety fueled by a binge where I woke up utterly gross and disgusted with myself on a friends couch. I relapsed after a few weeks and everything felt fine for a while. I started running again to help me with my stress and I started tracking how much I was drinking through an app. But I deleted the app ("I'm doing fine I don't need it" I told myself) and  started drinking more heavily again. I always have to be the drunkest person at the bar which for a 100lb girl isn't hard. I also always want to keep up with the guys I drink with and somewhere along the way I started thinking it was normal for me to walk home from the bar crying. Every damn time I walk home from my friend's house or the bars crying to myself. That's not normal! That is so not healthy! If something I do ends up in me crying and feeling awful everytime I do it why do I keep doing it?..I'm a college student and I spent all of 2015 at an out of state co-op position where I knew nobody and spent every weekend alone. Guess what I did most weekends - drink and cry. Drink and cry because I was alone drink and cry because I felt like my friends from school had forgotten me drink and cry because I wasn't getting along with my mom at all and had nobody to talk about it with. I was living in North Jersey an hour from NYC and I wasted a year of having spending money and no real obligations outside of my job living next to the greatest city ever drunk and sad. I utterly wasted it. And I am wasting my time now - I am entering my senior year and finally taking classes I am really excited about I have a very awesome job at a lab that will continue in the fall I have another awesome job giving tours with the greatest people and working for the greatest boss and I don't want to waste it drunk and crying. My life is precious and my time is precious. July 23! My new start! Here's my plan: join the local running group to make more friends start trying to hang out with my friends during the day (play soccer go to the museums go to a show) and no more bars. I love my college bar to death but everytime I go out intending to have one beer I end up...crying. It'll be hard but it'll be good I think. Also I put the cinderella man on my netflix queue a while ago so tonight I'm excited to watch it and knit and wake up early tomorrow (no hangover) and go running! No drinking today :)
----------immediate responses--------

Wow I envy those of you who quit drinking in your twenties! I would love to get in a time machine and remove alcohol from the last 15 (or 20) years of my life. Since I can't do that I'm going to give myself an alcohol-free next 50+ years.  
Kudos for 69 days! Thank you for sharing some of your story. It's sounds like your life is unfolding along with your sobriety. No reason to cry about that!
You know what? You're still going to cry. You'll cry at a sappy movie. You'll cry when a loved one dies. You'll cry at all the points where normal people cry.  ..And you might cry because you're feeling lonely too.  ..But you won't have to cry because you feel like you are damaging yourself any more. You won't have to cry because that person in the bar wasn't the real you. You won't have to cry behind the mask.  ..In my home group we have a saying. "I didn't do all this work to quit drinking I did all this work to become happy." It takes some doing to get there ttip but we'll help.  ..Go find some real-life sober people and see if they have what you want. Then work at getting it.  ..And I promise you you'll cry but you'll laugh a lot MORE than you'll cry...
sounds good. and yea crying all the time's not the way to live. i'm a guy but with a feminine side-i even do drag-and i found myself crying a lot. i got sick of it myself
For me alcohol = sad ashamed lonely worried there is something wrong with me timid over-sensitive and not crying because I'd swallow the feeling with alcohol...I am slowly starting to be the opposite of those negatives and today I won't drink with you.
Congratulations on the best decision you have ever made. It won't be easy as I found out yesterday on day 2. When a hundred small things became one massive mountain in my mind all I wanted to do (all I knew to do) was drink. But instead I reached out to my "support staff" and made it through. ..I'm also reading "Girl Walks Out of the Bar". Her story sounds a lot like your story... and my story. But she's funny and it's fun to read. I won't drink with you today! 
