-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ubnac/what_drinking_has_done_for_me/

I was googling ways to ease alcohol cravings and I found this glorious support group. I am nearly two days sober after my latest relapse. I have drank heavily for 8 years but in the passed 3 years I believe I've been chronically drinking alcoholically. (An average of a fifth of vodka a day.) I have been in and out of detox for hellish withdrawal I've attempted to taper down and nothing is seeming to work. I am just so tired of this life and right now I feel a true motivation to stop drinking. Now that the withdrawal has become a bit milder I'm just trying to deal with these intense cravings. I think the cravings are spawning from a severe depression that I am going through since picking up my first DUI about four months ago (therefore losing my job as a delivery driver). I just want to become a better person and not continually let myself down and those who love me. Or put other innocent people in danger because of my foolish decisions. Ill be posting here often. I want to become like those of you who are years sober. Thank you for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

please post here. all our posts bolster one another so you're very welcome here!..and it's damn good you're making a change. you can def do it. i did a gradual decrease and slow detox and finally set a hard date to stop. it's been good so far and this subreddit has helped immensely
Welcome to SD! Withdraws are a total bitch and can vary.... or ar least mine did. The first attempt of getting sober I couldn't write for a long time because I was super shakey &amp; my body hurt so bad I lived on my couch other than to pee or eat this go round its cravings and nightmares.  Either way it gets better. Anyway I find SD to be extremely helpful. Someone is always online to talk to everyone had been in your shoes and can relate. Congrats on your 2 days! 
Welcome. I'm glad you're here. You're doing a great thing by taking the first steps.
glad you're here. like you this sub is where i started when i finally decided i wanted to change; i wanted to stop drinking and that was about  a month ago. but as you can see it has not been easy but I'm putting in the work AND these people here are caring and supportive encouraging insightful and inspiring. ..hope to see you around. sober on my friend.....day-by-day
Welcome had my own DUI 3 years ago.  Just finished my engineering degree.  Do not stop looking up or think that all is lost.  Glad you found us!  I'll gladly not drink with you today!  
Hello Chickenloopy.  I'm really glad you are here.   My experience is that there is support wisdom genuine caring to be found on SD.  Getting sober is not easy.  Depression and heavy drinking go together 'cause that's what alcohol does.  It's a depressant! And when you quit your nervous system goes crazy for a while. Then it gets better. Get through the withdrawal.  Get medical help if you need it.  Then get on with rebuilding your life. There are lots of groups now that help with that.  It absolutely can be done.   
Keep it up. Check out the books and stuff in the sidebar. And check in here every day. Get it! 
[deleted]
This sub is a wealth of information and in theses first few days has helped me immensely. At night when my cravings are the worst I sit down and read posts and before I know it they're gone. I won't drink with you today.
day 5 here . Good luck mate. Let's not ave one ay?
This sub is  a great help. Thank god I never got a dui I don't know how. I was on a bottle a day too. Can't believe it now. Diet ginger ale toast to you (we don't get that la croix stuff here in Aus)!
One day at a time. Forget worrying about months and years brick by brick and day by day you can build a new life for yourself. There is nothing more satisfying than beating the hell out of your addiction. I believe you can do it and I won't drink with you today.
