-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uckn4/relapsed_and_i_noticed_something_new/

More than 3 months without drinking and yesterday i failed. I just knew it. I went to this pub everyone was drinking. I drank several beers. Now I'm having a hangover and I just miss my sober mornings. You don't even know how I miss them. They are a bliss..But yesterday I noticed something new: People were not drinking because is fun people were drinking because that place was boring as hell. Everyone was getting drunk because it's the only thing they can do. It's sad how a lot of people have to kill boredom by drinking instead of having meaningful conversations or just having genuine fun. Instead they just wait until they are drunk and embarrassing. ..Right now I feel the guilt and the sadness of the relapse. But I also feel stronger. I don't want to come back to those places. I value my sober self too much for that..Do not relapse really. It's not worth it. It's a waste of time and money and they are other ways of having fun. Healthier and more meaningful ways.
----------immediate responses--------

Cheering you on! And you are already using that moment of turning back to turn forward again.  So happy that you are feeling stronger and determined.  I will happily not drink with you today. 
You might not feel like it at the moment but this appears to be the right kind of relapse. You've tested the water and come back onto dry land with an experience to stop you dipping your toe in again...I'll not drink with you today.
There are some very meaningful insights here that are going to be of benefit to others so thanks for coming back and sharing your wisdom. You've got this! You tried it out one last time and realized alcohol has nothing to offer...Not drinking with you today!
Try not to beat yourself up.  Going to a pub is an extremely difficult challenge for an alcoholic early in sobriety.  Many who do drink.  You are not alone.  Get back on the horse and practice those things that worked and don't repeat the mistakes that didn't work.
The hard part will be later today - when you are slightly feeing better and you say to yourself -"another beer will make me feel better" 
Thanks for sharing your experience it is educational for others just beginning their journey. I won't drink with you today.
Congratulations!  You learned something today!  If this isn't process of continuous learning I don't know what is.  
Keep going.  I had a temper tantrum and had alcohol at 3 months too.  I put a plan in place for the next tantrum and I haven't relapsed (that was 1180 days ago).  Lesson learned!  It did feel like I was stronger after that incident although I don't suggest drinking EVER!
When Joe DiMaggio's hitting streak stopped after 56 games he didn't go back to square one; the record of his accomplishment still stood. Congrats on showing the strength to make the daily decision to not drink for 90+ days and for realizing so soon that you would rather get a new streak started than drink for a few days. I'll gladly not drink with you today. Thanks for being open and sharing your experience because reading them helps all of us learn a few things.
Great to have you back!  I will not drink with you today.  
I see the beginnings of wisdom in your post. Welcome home. Pick yourself dust yourself off and hit a meeting.
Thanks for your words of wisdom. Sounds like you're back on the right track. I'll remember this next time I'm tempted during these early days (19 for me). .
[deleted]
Thank you for this post.  Is a healthy reminder.  Welcome back!  
Time to get right back on the wagon again I guess!
Thanks for sharing.   You've got an awesome attitude instead of feeling sorry for yourself you're treating this as a learning opportunity.   Good for you!   :D
Thank you all for the kind words guys. You are all awesome. Fantastic group!..I'm not drinking with you all today :)
Thank you for sharing this. I know it must be hard but i can't tell you how much i needed this now. I also want to say that i think you have the right mind set you didnt wake up and say 'fuck it'. you came here and talked about it. I really would like you to take a moment and see that that is huge and takes an insane amount of maturity. Don't give up you got this!
welcome back! and thank you for the reminder of what drinking and hangovers feel like. I don't want to go back there either. I won't drink with you today.
I noticed this when I hung out with some old friends at a 40th birthday party. Being a musician the vibe is totally different in a place when I'm in that 'gear' since people and myself are in a different mode. Being back in that 'bar only' setting was quite a shift in perspective being totally sober.
I'm there with you.I had less time 40 days but still feeling guilty today/Mostly I'm feeling optimistic though it sounds like both of us fell off somewhat gently and are climbing back on quickly. That feels like a bit of a win.
Another sub I frequent has regular meetups and all of them are at a bar or involve drinking. I don't partake in them for that reason. I just don't see myself going to bar even for a meetup and having fun while watching everyone else get hammered. I know what you mean by people drinking because they are bored because that's how I feel it might go if I decided to attend these meetups. Kinda sucks because I do want to be more social and meet people but not under those circumstances. It also find it really sad that we live in a pretty major city and the people in that sub can't think of anything to do for a meetup other than going for drinks. Even relatively innocent fun things (such as meeting up and playing PokemonGo) is turned into a pub crawl or is at a bar.
Don't beat yourself up too much! Think of it as a reminder of the immense value that sobriety gives to your every day your post is certainly a reminder for me. Thank you for sharing and welcome back! 
I used to work in (what turned out to be) the wrong industry for me.  We would go to a bar after work but no one had anything to say until well into the third round.  Everyone including me seemed so bored. Now I am in a field where people chatter all the time and it's better.  No one seems to have to wait for the third drink to say something interesting. 
It sounds like during your three months of sobriety you developed some insight :) Unfortunately alcoholism is by nature a chronic relapsing disease. Just because I haven't relapsed doesn't make me immune--the very thought of going back to it is terrifying. Reading posts like yours helps each and every one of us. ..I love how you wrote "I value my sober self too much for that." What a lovely perspective. Keep moving forward Drauguir.
&gt;It's sad how a lot of people have to kill boredom by drinking instead of having meaningful conversations or just having genuine fun. ..Yes the mistaken belief that we (I) become less boring and more fun when I'm drinking.  Now that I'm not I regularly hear my son's voice in my head who told me recently "You are really annoying when you're drunk Mom."  Ouch...let's not go back there. I won't drink with you today.
Great post. Now you know that you aren't missing out on anything. 
