-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ud8ys/put_another_check_mark_in_the_quick_turnaround/

So I had a bad problem every day drinking with withdrawal imminent anytime I didn't have a supply. Several months ago I made a run at moderation failed relapsed bad got a medical detox and haven't had a drink for 72 days. In those days I have: ..* never missed work or an appointment..* received an almost clean bill of health from my doctor and addressed one fixable issue by going to my appointments..* mended my relationships with my family. My mother is as happy as I ever remember seeing her...* gone on a family vacation...* made plans to travel internationally in a few months...* attended concerts and movies with groups of friends...* lost 23lbs !!! (this gives you an idea of the quantity of booze I was consuming)...* joined a gym...* amazed my boyfriend who now has a clear-headed clear-eyed companion who is getting better-looking by the day...* broached the possibility of having a child....I'm not sure what in my thinking has changed to make this time different but I wish I could bottle it and give it to everyone struggling. I wish I could give this gift to old me previous me at any time in the past 13 years. But I'm very happy I'm here now. I wouldn't have found the exit without the support of my loved ones and SD. I feel like I just got a reprieve from a death sentence. Once I was a few days in I knew I was going to be basically okay with not drinking this time but in my wildest dreams I couldn't predict how joyful it would be to rejoin my life. My brain was so poisoned and my mind was so clouded that joy wasn't even an option. But it came right back. ..I know awful things will still happen in my life and in the world. I still deal with symptoms of anxiety and depression. The old gem about "The worst day not drinking is better than the best day drinking" is true in my case. ..Don't drink with me today! It may not always be easy but it sure is better..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome turn around! I will not drink with you today!
I am happy to not drink with you today!  .
Great job I'll also not drink with you today.
I'm in!  I will not drink with you today!
Great job and I won't drink with you today! Also if you like John Prine then you are a friend of mine.
Congratulations! Most excellent 
