-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ugmu0/whyd_you_quit_seriously_i_need_to_hear_it/

Alcohol has taken over my life. I know it. I feel it. I feel life slipping but someway somehow I get lucky and make it through any struggle. I was hospitalized for biking while driving. Luckily didn't get a ticket. That was almost a year ago.....My problem has gotten worse. I just manage better. Please. Tell me. Why'd you quit? What finally broke the cycle? I wanna hear the story no matter what it is. I have to beat this. Now. I go back to school in a month. I'm a walking functional alcoholic. 25. I can't lose my life again. ..Help me by telling me your story 
----------immediate responses--------

The guilt and shame of it all. The hangovers that left me puking for the entirety of the next day. The sadness it stirs up in me. The panic of not being able to remember chunks of an evening. The way it exacerbates my anxiety. The twenty pounds of weight it put on me. The horror of recognizing that once I start drinking I don't want to stop can't stop. And holy shit the thousands of dollars I have spent on it over the years. I could've backpacked through Europe for weeks I could have had a savings account. Alcohol and I have an abusive relationship. I have no time for that kind of shit anymore.
Well I could write a novel about it but instead I will just summarize the highlights of my latest attempt. (Though this is only my second serious attempt at sobriety)..I teach self defense. Long story and a few events short I had begun to hate it. It used to be something I loved but over time I began to dread it more and more...Two weeks ago I decided I wanted to stop hating one of the best parts of my life. I was tired of being out of shape and doing so much of my life hungover.
A doctor told me that if I didn't get it figured out the next time I saw a doctor I'd be in an emergency room yellow and convulsing.
telling myself i could have a little would end up having a lot. felt like crap. got tired of the cycle and decided to decrease detox and finally quit. i'm currently on the quit cycle and feel very good
Long story before but basically I got fed up just as fed up as you can be this was last summer. I got so fed up I started taking advice and listening and became uncomfortable to allow myself room to grow. It has taken me some tough lessons to get here and I'm still not perfect but who is. I hope you get a handle on it before you stop being functional. My body was breaking down and I couldn't function anymore it will happen. 
DUI and the very scary reality that alcohol could ruin the career that I am working so hard towards. Shame guilt and so much anxiety. 23 years old and was so tired of poison causing me that much pain. 
Typical weekend morning... my eyes open and immediately I start wondering how I got home how I got in the bed how the pervious night ended did I say or do anything too embarrassing???? Then I roll over and look at my spouse. If he gives me a smile and jokes.... i know that i couldn't have been that bad. Then I wait for him to pat me on my head and say "well guess what you did last night" or "had one too many last night". Then he tells me how I completely made an ass out of myself (most of the time). Lastly I spend the rest of the weekend feeling shitty and embarrassed while promising myself that I can't let it happen again.
You'll hear people talk about their bottoms. I lost my job my car my wife/husband my kids went to jail went to rehab went to a pyschiatric hospital. That's not your bottom. Those are outside circumstances of this disease given long enough to manifest themselves. Your bottom is when you can't stand who you see in the mirror your bottom is when you can't be alone with your thoughts sober your bottom is when you know you can't keep doing what your doing but you can't quit. Your bottom isn't how bad it got It's when you quit digging. For me the big one was the that last one. I know I couldn't keep doing what I was doing but I couldn't quit; a seemingly hopeless state of mind. I ended up in Rehab after confessing this problem to a trusted family member. Rehab introduced me to AA. There's two words an alcoholic can say to another alcoholic that the judges family members lawyers doctors psychiatrists police officers anybody can't say. Those two are "We Know". We know what it's like we remember the insanity of it all the depression remorse guilt shame frustration desire for change. Those same people told me there was a solution and upon me asking one to help me work the steps my life began to change. 6-1-15 I picked up my first desire chip and ever since about day 14 I have been able to wake up every morning and say this is the longest I've gone without drinking in 15+ years. One of the promises in AA is "We will come to know a NEW happiness and a NEW freedom." They're promising you a Happiness and a Freedom that you are currently unaware exists. And man were they right. Well wishes friend. 
I can get out of debt get out of a terrible work situation be the best partner/family member/dog parent/person I possibly can be live a fulfilling life. I can do these things or I can drink--but not both. 
- Once i start i cant stop...- i make bad choices while drinking such as driving drunk smoking cigarettes doing hard drugs......
For me it came to a choice. I knew what life was like when I was drinking. I knew what life was like before when I wasn't drinking. Which was better for me? Which one did I want? I choose the life where I wasn't drinking...I think for most people it comes down to a choice of which life they want. I mean maybe you have to go way back to your childhood to remember what life was like when you weren't drinking. But you can go that far and ask yourself was I happy back then without alcohol? Then of course the life where we are drinking should be a recent memory and you can ask yourself if you were happier. Then you choose. You can't have both.
Consequences...I no longer wanted the consequences associated with alcohol...I notice you like questions...Help us.  What's **your** story?
I grew tired of trying to control it all the time and tired of losing control of it all of a sudden. I'm a compulsive destructive binger and there came a time where I didn't see the binge coming. I thought I was stopping in for a margarita or two before heading home to cook a good meal for my boyfriend and instead had like Christ 4? (They make em' doubles at the bar I went to) no reason for it. I think i was bored. Needless to say my boyfriend was pissed and scared.    ...I realized some really important things :  ..1. If I'm drinking I cannot guarantee this wont happen again.  ..2. If I lose him through my own self destructive selfish habits then it'll destroy me utterly.  ..3. I have time and ability to avoid #2 and I deserve it if I don't try.    ..4. This is what "failing at moderation" looks like. People that drink responsibly that people who can't try and emulate don't call it "moderating". They don't call it anything. Drinking responsibly is simply a part of their character. It is simply not a part of mine and I need to change my habits to reflect that or continue racking up stories like the one  I mentioned. ..And things are soooo much better. Christ. Compared with struggling to drink normally not drinking is the easiest thing in the world. Like trying not to puke while on the roller-coaster vs trying not to puke while NOT on the roller-coaster. I can't believe I tried so hard to hold onto something so destructive. 
When I drink I drink too much. Maybe some nights I could have one or two and convince myself I had a handle on it. But all those one or two drinks ever did was get me ready to really tie one on. And when I did that so many times I'd wake up feeling like absolutely crap. I remember the first time I drunk (my birthday) after I'd gone the longest I'd ever been sober for in my drinking career. I was with a girlfriend at the time and in the morning she asked me how I felt. Without needing to think about it at all this is what I said:.."I feel like my soul has been ripped out of my body". ..And really it might sound dramatic but that's what alcohol does to me. I drink and the core of who I am goes somewhere else. I do things I'm ashamed of I fall 'in love' with really inappropriate people I have meaningless encounters with people I feel sick anxious like there's nothing good in the world like someone is about to find me out. I feel shame guilt and depression. I gain weight. I find excuses to avoid the world. I lie cheat and in the past even stole. I COMPLETELY lose my SELF. The core part of my being dies a little bit. Slowly I'm realising that I've been doing this to myself for so long that I don't even really know who I am what I'm capable of. When people say nice things about me I don't believe them because they don't know me inside when I'm drunk/drinking. ..Also this: EVERY single problem I've had and I mean actual serious problem or really serious mistake I've ever made in life has been directly or very closely related to drinking alcohol. I'm serious. I made a list years ago of all the times I really f'ed up and ALL were me either drunk or in a drinking stage. ..I'm not drinking today because I want to live. Fun or enjoyment hasn't been part of my drinking for a long time now. Any 'pleasure' I get is the pleasure of feeding an addiction in my brain. It's not real. After one beer I feel sleepy fat dehydrated and....fundamentally unclean is the best way to describe it...It's just an escape route to something much worse than whatever I've been running from all these long years. Now I don't care what it is I have to face to remain sober. I don't care if I lose friends miss events have to pray/meditate/cry/shout/sacrifice parts of me I thought i needed. Alcohol is bullshit. I want my soul back. I thought alcohol was my friend now I realise he's been stabbing me in the back for almost as long as I've known him. You gotta dump shitty friends and alcohol is the shittiest of the shit...Thats why I stopped and will stay stopped with you and everyone here whatever it takes for as long as it takes. Even if there's nothing on the other end of this journey through recovery I don't care. I'd rather live in hope than live in lies. No more denial. ..Woah sorry for the wall of text! Hope this helps. Sending a big hug to you friend...
I came to believe that my life would be better not drinking.  Many many times in the past I've had significant life events where I did things while drunk that I really regret.  I've embarrassed myself and my spouse gotten in legal trouble had my performance at work noticeably impacted etc...In response to these events I took some action admitting that I had a problem attending AA meetings or just trying to stop on my own.  These things would work for a while but I would always end up daunted by the sense that I could never drink again.  I didn't give up completely though.  I came to realize that just because I couldn't or didn't want to quit drinking didn't mean I couldn't quit driving drunk or engaging in other risky behaviors.  I started really increasing my distances running a few years ago and was able to run a marathon which gave me confidence that I could do things that were hard that even if a lot of my life wasn't working out the way I planned I could still experience successes.  I was still drinking a lot most nights.  After we had both our kids my drinking time was being squeezed more and more so I had to condense my drinking into shorter windows of time in the evening.  I thought I was doing well because I was working and taking care of the kids and I was doing those things but because I felt like shit all the time I couldn't experience joy in those things.  I didn't really know that then though.  All I knew was that I was miserable overwhelmed trapped and resentful.  I would read SD everyday at work for awhile.  I came to believe that people's lives got better as they stopped drinking and that most people who quit for over a year were so much happier with their lives.  I came to understand even if I could not believe it that drinking alcohol is the deprivation not abstention from alcohol.  Just like running that first marathon required that I put in a lot of hard at times unpleasant work; I set about committing to take a break from alcohol for a year. And here we are.
[deleted]
I was around your age maybe a couple years younger. Everybody thought I was the life of the party when I drank but in reality I was a fucking sideshow of embarrassment. One night I pushed a girl and made her fall against a table... It was an error of judgement but at my size that's not tolerable for most people. I realized if I wanted respect and friendship then alcohol would have to go...I had been in lots of drunken fights before... Never put my hands on  a woman in anger. The push wasn't in anger either it was horseplay. But it was the message I needed.
I quit at 25. Moved home after graduating college and started working full-time. I started spending most of my weekends getting blackout drunk alone rather than doing anything social. It really started to hurt my relationship with my family and friends and I quickly lost complete control of how much I drank once I started. It was right after I turned 25 that I came to the realization I had a problem. First was after celebrating my birthday with friends and having withdrawal symptoms after drinking 1 beer during the night. The next was roughly 2 months later where I went on a 4 day bender during my busiest time of year at work. I knew If I kept drinking things were going to get worse and I would lose my job. I relapsed a few times after that but each time it reminded me how drinking was no longer fun for me and was ruining my life. Basically drink until pass out wake up and repeat. Then feel like shit for a week in different ways with a lot of anxiety. Never want to feel that way again or waste time being passed out or black out from drinking.
Life's to short to forget whole nights and waste full days recovering
