-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uitk1/i_royally_completely_totally_fucked_up_dont_do/

I keep repeating to myself (and my husband) that it started as so innocent. I had made it the whole weekend sober got a lot accomplished and enjoyed each moment until Sunday afternoon. I don't know what happened. I wanted so badly to go to our local establishment have a few and then come home for a walk. I couldn't get it out of my brain. I was so anxious I took some of my anxiety medication (which also was the same med that my doc gave me for the withdrawals) but it did not help. I didn't feel any relief. I just sat there and stewed in my anger and eventually gave in and said I didn't care I was just going to have a few and come home to go for our evening walk. That was my complete intention...Fast forward to this morning. I wake up in both my nightgown and pajama pants. There is a Pedialite on my nightstand. I have zero knowledge of coming home or anything that happened. My hair looks like I went to sleep with it still wet. I look at my phone and luckily didn't message or call anyone but I have 2 email receipts from  Touch Tones  a digital jukebox. Complete confusion and an indescribable amount of shame...My husband fills me in. I have hazy memories of going to a second bar and conversing with 2 women. That's where my memory met its blurry end. According to him everything at the bar was fine until we went to leave. Even that wasn't so bad I just stumbled into the candy machine and I guess people at the bar saw and said something. He got me in the car brought me home. I went into the bathroom but somehow pissed myself. I tried to grab ahold of the towel rack when I was about to fall and pulled it clean off the wall. My husband said he carried me up the stairs undressed me and put me in the shower. He put me to bed and ran to the grocery store to get me 2 Pedialites (as that's what I usually need to feel better). He threw my clothes (and his from carrying me) in the wash and dried them..Now typically I do not have absolute and complete memory loss but my anxiety meds tend to do that. I had taken them hours before I drank so I thought it was ok but apparently not. My husband said I didn't even drink that much and he's never seen me like that so the combo really did me in. I want to say I can't believe this happened but I am guilty of letting it happen so I cannot just move past it. ..Usually you could say I am a  nice  drunk I don't get into trouble or do anything that's too detrimental usually I just pass out. Never once have I pissed myself or damaged anything in our home. This as I said started out as a desire to have a couple come home & go for our nice evening walks that we've been having since we both got sober. I flushed ALL OF IT down the toilet and I couldn't possibly feel anymore ashamed than I do this morning...If you find yourself toying with the idea of just having one or a couple please let me save you the trouble. I did it and I went through it for you and it didn't turn out well. Absolutely zero benefit was had and I'm left in pieces. Don't test the waters. They are not warm. They are cold and rough and will do nothing but beat you up. Honestly I know I keep saying this but my true intention was JUST A COUPLE. Hell it was even on a Sunday night I am abnormally anxious about always being to bed on time before the work week but after the  couple  I truly gave no shits. Everything I worked so hard for   including staying sober for the entire weekend (til the end) was a fucking struggle. I made it through until Sunday night and flushed everything down the toilet. What.The.Fuck...I guess I'm posting partly because of accountability. Partly to vent. Partly for support. Partly to help someone who is on the fence to make the right decision. I already made the wrong one for you...Thanks for reading..
----------immediate responses--------

What's the plan to prevent this from happening again?
[removed]
It's definitely a big no-no to combine anxiety medication and alcohol. I'm assuming you had Ativan or Valium both benzodiazepines and both amplify the effect of alcohol significantly. It's no wonder you blacked out so quickly. Hope you're not feeling too bad today. 
:( Sorry this happened but thank you for posting.  My brain has been trying to convince me that since I have made it 3 weeks I can have a couple and be fine.  Your post is a good reminder to just not do it.  ..Don't beat yourself up too badly about it.  Today is a new day.  I won't drink with you today!
My worst blackouts were when I combined booze with medication. I was actually interviewed on CNN and don't remember it at all (I was told I was fine on camera but I was in total blackout). Thank you for posting this and welcome back onto the lifeboat.
Welcome back! Coming back after a relapse is hard. You should be proud of the fact that you are here.  ..Also you are completely and totally WRONG when you say that you flushed all of your hard work down the toilet. You had some sober time and you got something out of it. You also experienced a tough time from drinking and you were reminded why you wanted to quit. Then you did something brave and difficult and amazing -- you came back here instead of continuing to drink. That's recovery. It's hard it's a process and you are doing it. ..I had a really hard time yesterday as well. Even though I ended up not drinking my experience wasn't really any different from yours. I gave up on sobriety and decided to drink. That's not something I ever want to think or feel again and I need to work towards making sure I don't. The best I can do is understand why I came to that decision yesterday how I managed to overcome it and what I can do to keep it from happening again. ..You drinking yesterday is an opportunity for you to do that same kind of thinking. That will make you stronger. ..Keep it up!
I've visibly shuddered and groaned once while reading...we have such similar stories. I'm so sorry you went through that. The really great thing is you have it within you to ensure it never happens again. This could be the last time. I'm hoping it is for me. Don't hesitate to reach out if you ever want to talk. 
"You either win or you learn something."..I think we can agree you didn't "win" yesterday but it sounds like it wasn't all for not. Good for you for posting about and staying accountable. 
I know you feel terrible but everything is *not* gone.  Use this lapse to reinforce the recovery effort you are making now.  I have never managed to comfortably have just a couple once I start drinking whatever intention I had before I started.  At this point I am pretty convinced  that understanding *why* I am having a nearly overwhelming desire to drink is useless in the face of it.  I need to have a plan that gets me through that craving without drinking. Anything I tell myself when I want to drink is suspect unless it is about how NOT to drink despite the desire.   I don't even really have physical cravings just little light ideas that a glass of wine would be sooo nice.  In  AA if you think you are going to drink you pick up the phone and call someone.  Of course lots of people don't do that but it tends to work if you do it.   Alcohol will not really help your anxiety.  I'm reading lots of SD people are reading This Naked Mind.  ( It's even free. See the sidebar.) It treats the subject of anxiety and alcohol pretty thoroughly and is an overall helpful book I think.   Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction has also been shown to reduce anxiety.   Happy to see that you've reset your badge and are planning to not drink with us today!!!
Oh man. I'm glad you are ok. Blackouts are so scary. :-( and you learned something valuable- it's not worth going back to. ..I had a slip a couple of days ago. I drank 2 glasses of red wine and got totally drunk. Like it would normally take me 2 bottles to reach that level of intoxication. I had lost any tolerance I had built up. That's probably part of what happened with you. ..On mixing alcohol with medication- don't do it! Ask your dr specifically for a time period whether you need to wait a couple of hours or 24 hours. I'm not trying to preach at you at all. We had a lady at rehab who was coming off of Xanax and alcohol. Our group therapist minced no words in telling her how dangerous and lethal that combination can be. I guess they both suppress respiratory function and people accidentally overdose and usually pass in their sleep. I guess sometimes people get drunk and forget that they've already taken their meds too. ..Anyway- I'm so glad you are back. I'm not drinking with you today! 
I so appreciate your sharing. it sounds way too familiar. but it also helps to know i am not the only one. yeah it really sucks having to climb out of the abyss multiple times....at the same time though i am truly sorry that you had to go through this; i don't wish this on anyone. ..*BUT* you did learn a few things this time 'round: you encouraged and inspired others because of getting back in the game so quickly *and* you have an awesome support system not the least of which is your husband;-) ..I support you my friend by no drinking today with you!!
The problem with having a couple after you quit is you tend to go back to old habbits and before you quit was probably a 12 pack or whatever. You can't handle that anymore and you end up deeper trouble from doing so
Like many alcoholics I ignored my medication warnings and mixed anti-anxiety meds with alcohol. My experience was very similar to yours. I would black out on only a few drinks and make a complete ass of myself. I lost a lot of friends during this period of my life. Please don't mix these substances. 
you know you're lucky this happened. That shame you feel - use it as motivation to keep moving forward. Next time you feel the urge to drink remember this day and how it felt and stay determined.
&gt;I don't know what happened. I wanted so badly to go to our local establishment have a few and then come home for a walk. I couldn't get it out of my brain....I found when this happened to me much relief support and comfort by heading directly to an AA meeting.  There I found folks who felt like I did who understood the struggle and were willing to share their experience strength and hope...Just something to consider.
The severity of this was obviously mainly the work of the anxiety meds.  But even without that I've found that the harder I try to quit the worse the relapse is.  I end up drinking more because who knows when I'll let myself do it again?  I want to enjoy it!  And my tolerance is lowered and I'm a little less experienced with how I will handle the booze...  it's just a terrible combo.  It's getting to the point where I can literally scare myself into not drinking by remembering past relapses.
well that sucks. i'm glad nothing worse happened while you were out
Please don't beat yourself up; you realize what happened and came right back here. I made so many mistakes during the height of my drinking career by mixing wine and Xanax. Pure blackout every time. Even worse I was not prescribed the Xanax they were given to me by an old drinking buddy. I was also popping loads of Advil PM and Tylenol PM to sleep (but that never worked anyway). So welcome back! Glad you're here :)
Thank you for posting.  Listening to other people post helps me understand that I am not alone in this struggle.   I haven't fallen off the wagon yet but I keep thinking about having a drink and that is when I come here to read stories and it helps remind me of why I quit. 
Yeah that happened to me. Benzos and alcohol are a recipe for disaster. 
[deleted]
Thank you for sharing. It's a process - not perfection. Happy you are ok. Benzos and alcohol are a deadly combination. The worst blackouts I've had was from mixing them. 
I was just doing my check in on you and I guess I'd missed this during the week. Glad to see you're back and have been checking in. Do you have a plan for this weekend? Hope you're a happy hangover free silverlola this morning :). 
