-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uj3ti/my_guilt/

Often at the end of the AA meetings I attend the person leading the prayer will ask attendees to think of the innocent children who bear the brunt of a parent or grandparent's drinking. That's when my past drinking always hits me the hardest. My children were 13 and 17 when I returned to drinking in 2005. There was primarily emotional damage caused by my drinking more so for my daughter the younger child. I was there physically but absent for them emotionally. In fact in time I readily drank with my daughter before she turned 16 went on wildly ridiculous road trips with her during which we drank merrily together allowed her to run our household and eventually witnessed the birth of my grandson following those drunken mother/daughter years. I live with that guilt now and hope that someday it will lessen through step work via my sponsor and therapy. It helps that my sponsor experienced similar drunken years when her son was a child followed by long-term sobriety a long relapse and subsequent long-term sobriety. It is so gratifying that she and others lived through the guilt and got to the other side of it. If she was able to come to terms with it then I can too...Today I help care for my 5-year-old grandson while my daughter works and attends school. Some days I take him to my AA meetings and let him play in the back with toys kept for the children and grandchildren of attendees. For a little over a year he's known me as a sober grandma and I've gotten to truly know him for who he is--a sweet intelligent perceptive human being. During his first four years I was a staggering belligerant self-pitying drunken grandma. I hope his memories of that period fades over time but likely he'll carry a few dark moments from those early years. For a young child he's seen too much already and is well-acquainted with drunkeness impulsive bad decision-making constant moves and emotional upheavals. My heart breaks when he asks me questions like "Grandma how come you don't buy beer or wine anymore?" or "Grandma does everybody get drunk?" That's when I have to still my broken heart stay focused on today only and put one sober foot in front of the other. In my mind that is my only choice.
----------immediate responses--------

You can never change the past but you are working on today and your future. Keep up the great living!
I too have heartache and guilt in spite of being sober for many days.  My children were in middle school at the worst of my drinking. Of course they are now adults and have known me as a recovering woman for decades. Still I know my oldest has scars. ..Thank you for your inspirational post. 
Your an inspiration to me! I have been drunk for my children's entire lives so far they are 17 &amp; 15. They've cared for me when I've been too drunk to care for myself. The guilt eats me up and has often been the cause of... Guess what?  More drinking. .... .You said one day at a time focus on just today and put one sober foot in front of the other. That is dedication and devotion and you are a beautiful brave grandmother. 
