-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4um8ns/coming_up_on_one_week_last_drink_was_wednesday/

So far what I think a big issue for me was is the idea of "two weeks isn't that much..." time of sobriety. I'm not sure if I'm wording it right but when I say something like "okay one month of sobriety go." It feels like it takes forever and I usually end up relapsing in that time...So far I haven't really been keeping track just making sure I go to bed sober every night. One week almost down. Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time my friend!
One day at a time my friend.   ..Consider this : I'm knitting an afghan (BTW did you know those originated in Afghanistan?? It seems too obvious to be true) for my mum for Christmas. Knitting is basically a series of slip knots chained together into a row then you build a row at a time. You can't knit more than one stitch at a time. It takes 180 stitches to complete one row of this blanket and that equals maybe a quarter of an inch. I've knit about 118 rows so far which means I've knit one by one 21240 stitches. And yet if you looked at it it's still only barely 2' wide *maybe *. I've got such a long way to go and I'm sure I'll mess up and have to go back a time or two. Doing that (frogging we call it) doesn't mean I've failed and it doesn't mean the foot of correct blanket prior to my mistake don't count. If I stop and think about how many stitches I've yet to go...probably another  50k or so...I might say 'Jesus why bother? I'll just buy her a blanket instead...'. But I keep plugging away. Stitch by stitch and bit by bit the blanket and my skills as a knitter  grows.   ..And so it goes in life and certainly sobriety. One stitch at a time. One day at a time. 
I can only concern myself with the day sometimes hour in front of me in terms of alcohol. Then looking back over the individual days I've strung together gives me a little extra motivation for the new day. You can do it!
