-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4urzbo/this_is_the_only_disease_you_have_to_diagnose_for/

I heard this quote at an AA meeting last night and it stuck out to me because it highlights the primary struggle I have with alcohol: understanding that I can't use it like normal people do...I spent many years as a drinker. Since starting at age 12 I've had many different phases of usage and control. Clearly a 12 year old drinking smuggled alcohol in a basement closet while home alone after school isn't normal drinking but I've also had periods in my 20s where I had a glass or two of red wine after work while cooking and eating dinner. But while that kind of drinking may look normal and smell normal and feel normal to the outsider looking in my drinking was always far from normal. Having to look at the clock to make sure I wasn't exceeding a drink per hour. Choosing to have a lower ABV beer so I could trick myself into thinking I'm having a free night of drinking. Biting back disappointment when my friend finishes that last glass of the bottle. The obsession the tricks the justifications the self-imposed rules the denial...I didn't come into SD on a 24/7 drinking schedule no one was telling me I was going too hard I didn't have a doctor asking me to cut down. So am I an alcoholic? Could I ever learn to drink in a controlled manner? Do I need to quit forever? If I treat my outside issues would I be ok to just drink normally?..The answers to these questions don't matter. I have diagnosed myself as alcoholic. Alcohol causes and exacerbates problems in my life. I choose to live a sober life instead of constantly fighting battles with a liquid poison...The last few months have been harder than I thought they would be. But they also went fast. So I know I can make it through today like I did yesterday and probably even make it tomorrow...Keep on keepin' on sobernauts!..
----------immediate responses--------

Oh this is good. Thank you for posting. When I first decided I needed to stop drinking "for a while" I was terrified of the idea of being an alcoholic and never drinking again. I struggled with definitions and the idea of moderation. With some reading and support on SD I've come to realize it doesn't matter how the world would define my drinking. I have come to the understanding that I am happier healthier and more productive without booze in my life. Only I could diagnose my condition and accept the prescription. I cannot drink "normally" and the only solution is to not drink...Congrats on 9 months! Go you!
This disease is also one of the only ones that convinces you that you don't have it. I'm unbelievably grateful that I'm 100% convinced that I am an alcoholic. It saves me from a whole lot of mental masturbation and poor decision-making based on delusional thinking!
Thanks for posting this. I'm still struggling with definitions and diagnosing myself. I spent a few years trying to decide whether I was an alcoholic or not--all while drinking of course! The greatest threat to my sobriety has always been convincing myself I don't really have a problem it's not that big of a deal etc.
In a way I feel sorry for those who actually remained functional...See if anyone asks me if I'm an alcoholic I can go "I drank cologne to stave off withdrawals. More than once. Does that answer your question?"..Whereas functional alcoholics have a grey area. Hell my brain sometimes goes "Dude you were just being pragmatic. You're smart you were sick you fixed the problem. Was it kind of gross? Sure but you're fine. You're not THAT alcoholic."..Frankly if I was functional I wouldn't have stopped.
"The answers to these questions don't matter." - /u/cantremembr I love it! Thanks for the inspiring post today. 
thank you for sharing this..Congrats on nine months!!
Great post. I just had to ask to reset my badge :( I'm in the same situation. No one would call me an alcoholic out of my friends. And I didn't want to call myself one. But after this past weekend I've realized it's true and I need to stop. I can't control myself. I have a problem and it's hurting me and my relationships with people and with my relationships myself.
And I really think that its important that we diagnose it for ourselves too. Because this is something only we can fix and nobody else.
