-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4usos2/im_feeling_really_low_can_everyone_share_a_happy/

I'm not sure why but for the past few hours I've been feeling absolutely miserable. I was hoping that maybe everyone could just share something positive or happy! I think I just need to read some things to remind me that life isn't always so negative and dark. Maybe that'll help someone else who's struggling too. I don't know. ..Much love everyone. I will continue to not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you are feeling down. I guess it's good that you are aware of that feeling etc. It will pass I'm sure. I used to feel really down depressed I suppose l after drinking solidly for several days or more. I used to think of it as a low which followed the high of alcohol use. Must admit I don't miss that now. Not one bit. Life is good! And I have to say overall a lot happier. It's worth it. Keep going. Eat some chocolate or treat yourself to something. All the best. ! 
one time at university i lost a HUGE bag of books i had just bought. luckily a good person turned them in to the library front desk and i was able to get them all back :)..also i've gotten mistaken for a woman while in drag. was a pleasant surprise. i clean up pretty well i guess
I can't think of a happy memory but I do have a cat that sits like a grumpy old man http://imgur.com/od8eXkq.jpg
I was once at a taqueria. I stood in line and I got to the register and the young man taking the orders said "Can I help you sir?" I'm a woman and a decent-looking one and I didn't know what to say. I guess I am either not as decent-looking as I thought or the young man's English wasn't great...I guess my story is the exact opposite of u/JudahRed's. I hope you are feeling better u/verabigwang.
i'm so sorry you're bummed...yeah i totally get it . it happens to me too on a regular basis. unfortunately i used alcohol to try to numb that:/
funny stuff...well i have 2 teen-aged sons still at home so *LOTS* of funny or "*funny*" stuff happens ALL THE TIME.....one time i was cleaning up the counters in the kitchen. there was this 'smell' i cleaned and cleaned and cleaned: the fridge under the stove &amp; fridge in crevices etc everywhere you get the idea...anyway i was just standing in the middle of the kitchen wracking my brains on what and where the odd smell was coming from. i sat down to rest interlaced my hands behind my head and leaned back........looking up i noticed a HUGE green glob of i think it was guacamole *ON THE (F-ING) CEILING* i asked the boys. Yep you guessed it they claim to have no clue how it got there or what the hell happened...BTW i had been completely sober during the past few days that this occurred. but i did step to the day before for a couple hours to run some errands...they must have practiced their innocent-as-virgins look for hours. ..X-files has nothing on the antics of teen-aged boys!
I drive an old car and for many months it had been missing a door trim piece.  I hadn't had time to go to the PickNPull to get a new one so I just let the car be trim-less on that door. ..One day I walked out to my car I could see that this door now had trim! What the hell? The trim wasn't a figment of my imagination and there was even a note under my windshield. ..Now the note was the best part IMO - it said "passenger side door trim for you!!" and there were about 15 hearts drawn all over it in red sharpie marker.  I still have the note because it was so awesome. ..This wasn't a friend this was a random stranger who decided to do a nice thing for me without even giving me an opportunity to thank him or her for the kind gesture.   ..If I was IMGUR-savvy I'd post a picture of the note because it was super cute. I hope you feel better! :) ..
What a fantastic fucking idea. I've been feeling a bit down lately too I hear ya. As for my happy memory it was about 5 months back when I'd still just started this journey and I got to sit down on the couch with my dad and brother and watch my first sober baseball game with them it felt like I could be part of the family again you know? I could actually have a life and try to start making up for all the shit I missed and fucked up in the past. Just a really nice sunny afternoon a good game and some tea. It's the little things you know?..I want to hear a happy memory from you now too!
We went on a vacation to Disney the one other time in my life I was sober. It was in 2008 and the whole family went. In my memory it was magical. No one argued and everyone loved the entire overpriced trip. You have to know that up until my oldest left for college a year ago my boys who are three years apart spent their lives competing with each other. Which usually got loud and always ended with a loud debate of some sort or an arguement or someone storming to their room. This trip had none of that.  They don't do that now thankfully!! I guess they are growing up! I love remembering this trip and all of the happiness it brought. I know it was because both my husband and I were sober. We were present the whole trip!     
In a few minutes I will get on my bike and ride for a short while listening to the birds feeling the humidity enjoying the effort of getting up the little hills.  And then morning yoga maybe on my deck maybe inside.  Without the depressed sick hollowness of a hangover it is a simple but very large joy.  I will happily not drink with you today!.
Last week my dad told me he was proud of me. My dad never tells me he's proud of me. 
This is more of a funny story I was in Game Stop standing in line behind a couple talking to the cashier and the guy was going on about a wii"Now I told you when we got together I don't know nothing about these new fangled gadgets I don't know nothing about no wifi." Now just imagine that in the most country accent. I looked at the cashier and she looked at me and it was like we both understood how much we wanted to laugh our asses off but of course thats rude.  I swear to God he said new fangled. I almost lost my shit that day.  Anyways I hope you get to feeling better I'm new here and I'm struggling too but It helps me to make others smile. Hang in there! 
