-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uw3ko/reset_my_badge_today_heres_my_little_story/

First off this sub is the only group I have opened up to besides my parents and girlfriend. ..Back in late May it became obvious I was drinking way too much. I was shaky and couldn't even manage to hold a fork up to my mouth to eat. Embarrassing. Scary. I had to make up excuses that it was the heat or food poisoning etc. Then I spent the rest of the day laying on a couch and sipping water...Well that was approximately two months ago. I managed to go 6 days without drinking for the first time in over a decade.It felt great! I had so much more energy I was sleeping better I wasn't hungover all day and I could focus on daily tasks rather than worry about someone noticing my symptoms or thinking of how I would get to my next drink...Then ... relapse. I was back in my routine and told myself it was OK to drink again. I kept telling myself "I will quit next month." About 30 days ago I finally decided to get a badge and stick with sobriety. I was inspired by people here who would avoid the urge to drink knowing they would need to reset their badges. I made it four days and sure enough ... another relapse. But when I set up my badge originally I knew that I would need to come back here and eventually set things straight...I never opened up this much here until now. I've posted a few times but I find myself basically in the same boat as everyone else here who warns about trying to moderately drink. Moderation isn't something I can control. Abstaining from it entirely is my only solution...My thought process now is that I need to admit that I have a problem. **I am an alcoholic** and that's a good thing to admit. I'm starting to see more and more people in my daily life who have taken the path of sobriety and just how much more they are getting from life while I'm just wasting mine away. I don't hear all of them say they are alcoholics but they definitely are proud to admit they don't drink. ..Anyways I just want to get that off my chest. In the past I would tell myself that I'm not an alcoholic. More recently I started telling myself "I don't know." Now it's abundantly clear. ..Most importantly for anyone lurking here who is possibly drinking at the moment or maybe you're sober and you still aren't sure like I was I can confidently say that the more experienced sober people who post here are almost always 100% spot on when they offer their advice. I have learned so much about myself in the past few months. I can relate to almost everyone else here when it comes to all the problems we face even if my experience isn't exactly the same...I'm probably going to start AA and getting a support group. I know that's what I need to do. So many of you here recommend it and so there's no point in trying to convince myself that I don't need it...Thanks for reading and I hope this helps others out there who aren't sure what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Your thought process sounds very healthy! Best wishes on the road to recovery. :) ..I've been coming here to SD for awhile but after a relapse in June decided I needed to take the next step to AA. I love it and am working the steps now. There are lots of posts on here that are helpful in explaining what to expect at your first meeting. Let us know how it goes!
Great post! Sounds like you have a plan and your feet are on stable ground...I will not drink with you today!
Dude. You never even got to the good parts of sobriety yet! 2 months you will not believe the difference. Much love brother.
Congrats on your decision and great plan! Lean on us read / reply /chat whatever you need to do. And if you ever get anxious or just lonely come to SD. We're here for you and will have your back - 24/7! So hop on board - welcome!!
Thanks so much for sharing this! It's wonderful to read. And for what it's worth you are helping a *lot* of people by posting it. For those with a few years it's good to remember what it was like. But for those just thinking about stopping it's a lot easier to relate to someone who is just starting their journey than someone with a bunch of years under their belt (at least that was the case for me). 
Well done! I can identify with your experience - it was a journey for me to go from "maybe I should cut back" to "maybe I'm a problem drinker" to "I'm a problem drinker but I can moderate" to "I'll try quitting for a while" to "alcohol is not the answer for me anymore and I can't drink ever because I'm an alcoholic." (That turned into a hella long run-on sentence - it took me many stops on my journey to figure it out I guess!) ..It sounds like you've got a good plan for getting support going forward. I won't drink with you today!
Good on you for being self-aware. It's excellent that you have some sober examples in your life you can look to. Some aren't so lucky and have difficulty seeing that the other side is possible...Best of luck and thanks for opening up. For me I found the more I shared the easier it became to hold myself accountable...:)
What great observations you have made!  Kudos - many don't get that far.  After drinking daily for 20+ years I found that seeking addiction counseling attending an outpatient program and regular AA meetings really help me get sober and are helping me stay sober.  Keep being honest with yourself and work hard on your sobriety.  For me it was a life or death decision.  Good luck!
