-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v0udk/2_years_of_cake_and_hardly_any_radishes/

Today I'm celebrating two years of sobriety! I'm amazed and I wanted to come back and thank the forum that I credit for getting me here. It took me multiple tries many badge resets and hours upon hours of reading every post and comment...I struggled with alcoholism for the majority of my adult life and now with every day that passes I'm adding bricks to the house I've built in sobriety and it's awesome. I feel like everyone says stuff like this but my life improved so much. I got a promotion I got so much healthier and fitter I took care of so much shit that I've been wanting to take care of for years and I found a person to share it all with. ..Anniversaries make me feel hinky and this one no less than the first. I still think about drinking a lot. I still struggle with it though it doesn't feel dangerous like it used to. I've been reading /sd the past few days and I'm so hopeful and excited for all of you. Thanks to everyone here for your willingness to be a part of something so influential to me. ..I hope you like vanilla cake with funfetti icing. Line forms to the left!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on two years- such an accomplishment!
when I first came in full of angst and drama there was an old timer who use to say "it's a piece of cake" and how I did hate him.  but he was right...congrats on your two years 
Wow!  Congratulations!   
congratulations! truly awesome
Pure awesomeness! Love the brick analogy!
Hey that's great to hear! Thanks for sharing your success I'm really happy for you. Any advice for someone in the early days? Would appreciate your perspectives! 
Congratulations on 2 years and thanks for sharing!
Bravo for two years!        ..It's always good to hear from you. 
Happy second soberversary!!
Gimme that funfetti!!!!!...Seriously though congrats on two years.  I really like what you said about adding bricks to the house you built in sobriety.  That is a great analogy.
Congratulations and thanks for sharing! I aspire to get to where you've gotten; one day at a time of course. 
Awesome!
Congratulations on 2 years! I'm going to remember that I need to keep adding bricks to my new home of sobriety as well - love that! I'm happy to hear about all that you have accomplished..and it's personally inspiring that you've found someone to share it with. I still have an inner fear that I'll be alone in sobriety for the rest of my life..but your post makes me believe that I'll be OK...I love your vanilla cake with funfetti icing..and the beautiful glowing flame of the "2" candle on top of the cake. Enjoy :)
Hi there lady!!!!
Well done!!! Will there be coffee served with the cake? Can u have two pieces. One for me and one  for...ah...for....  ..*grabs extra slice runs cackling wildly from room* 
Congrats!!
CAKEEEEEE..Congrats. And keep kicking ass one day at a time. 
!!!  Congrats on Two Years!!
Can I bring some red velvet cupcakes to the party? ..Seriously congrats! It's still tough and you are a champion.
Hooray!!
Double yay!! Congratulations on two years!! Thanks for all that you have done to keep us scurvy sea dogs safe on the good ship SD!! Bring on the vanilla cake and funfetti sounds delicioso  
Whooo congrats :D Good thing I stopped drinking cause with all this cake I'm eating it would make me huge haha
So so so happy for you Cakes!  I'm super proud of you.  Two years is a fantastic accomplishment and you did it like a super hero.  Keep that shit up yo!
Congrats!!!!!!!! Yayyyyy cakes!!!
Congratulations on two years! Thank you for being a part of the journey.
congrats :)
Congrats on 2 years! .
OMG. It seems like it was yesterday...or a lifetime ago.....Congrats!! You are awesome.
Yay cakes!!
