-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v1gxs/1800dayssober/

Days sober and clean-800.  ..Hangovers - zero.  .Blackouts - zero.  .Unexpected loss of pants - zero.  ..Sobriety - Priceless..I am not on Reddit as much anymore these days.  Now that I'm able to be fully present in my real life I'm busy and happy.  While I've had challenges and setbacks I read some of the things I wrote 800+ days ago and I barely recognize that person anymore.  I have a lot to learn and plenty of room to grow but I've also changed a lot in these 2 plus years.  ..Without discussing the challenges I've overcome let me instead list some of my gratitude items:..Bloodshot and puffy eyes are a thing of the past...My skin has never looked so good before.  ..Friends and family trust I will follow through with my promises...I've been able to hold a friend's hand as they returned from a relapse...I've been able to support newcomers during rough times in early sobriety...My bills are paid my house is clean and my old car is maintained as best I can.  No more living in a bottle.  ..I never have to worry about getting pulled over on my way home.  ..The constant need for mints mouthwash and gum is long gone.  ..My sense of smell and taste are more acute than ever.  ..I'm no longer afraid to look people in the eyes and say "Hello my name is _______"..I've been able to organize some mini meetups with others in /r/stopdrinking and been inspired by others in this community.  ..Relationships and friendships I never thought could be saved are now stronger than others..or sundered without animosity.  ..My support system is strong and when I need them they are there and vice versa.  ..Getting sober and learning how to live sober are tough..but there are so many rewards.  I'm blessed.  ..Stay sober my friends.  ..Mouse....
----------immediate responses--------

You're my hero Nonny. ..**Bravo** for 800 days!
Thanks for being an inspiration. I'm grateful I met you while traveling last summer. Look forward to getting back up that way. That YP meeting was amazing to be apart of and look forward to it again. 
inspiring thank you so much
!!!  800 looks very good on you!!  Blessings my friend.
I love your posts  :) happy 800!!
Such an achievement! I *love* your list! ..&gt; I'm blessed...So are we! Congratulations!
This gives me hope for myself thank you for sharing. ..I have to ask though. You say relationships you thought couldn't be saved are now stronger than ever or completely over. As someone just starting the process how did you end up saving those relationships? There's one relationship I need to save for my own sanity. Any advice on how to cope would be great.
[deleted]
It's amazing and so are you congratulations   
Congratulations! 800 days! That's awesome!.&gt; Unexpected loss of pants - zero.    ..Even sober I always seem to lose pants. Just off the floor where my dirty laundry is though not because of taking them off and losing them. I think the dog is burying them in the backyard or something. 
Congratulations on 800! You're a true inspiration :)
Woohoo!!! What a wonderful accomplishment!
Yay Mouse!  I know you're not on here as often as you were but I sure am glad when you are.
Thank you for sharing. What an amazing accomplishment. These are all things I want for myself again. I can relate all too well with all the negative aspects. Looking forward to the positives of my decision to stop.
[deleted]
&gt; No more living in a bottle...No more living in a bottle! Thanks for that!
   you mouse!    Congrats on all the victories I'm glad you haven't lost your pants ..Idk if I ever list mine but I have definitely woke up in a different pair that I was wearing when I got up that day...High five! 
pantsed. say no more. :-).
Congratulations to you for all of this and the retention of your pants!
800 days is AWESOME!!..I desperately want what you have Mouse...Keep up the good work!!
Congratulations!..&gt;I'm no longer afraid to look people in the eyes and say "Hello my name is _______"..What does this part mean? A big part of the reason I drink is my lack of confidence talking to strangers. Are you saying you've gained confidence since you stopped drinking? Just curious what you mean. 
I wish I could give you gold best of luck and thanks for the inspiration!
Congrats on 800 days Mouse!
the mints/gum comment and the looking people in the eyes when introducing yourself comment really hit home for me
Great milestone very inspiring. 
awesome!!
Go Mouse!! Congratulations!
Hooray Mouse!
&gt;I'm no longer afraid to look people in the eyes and say "Hello my name is _______" ..This one is still a big thing for me. LOVE THIS! LOVE YOU TOO MOUSE! Thanks again!
Awe-some!!
Congrats Mouse so proud of you!
&gt;The constant need for mints mouthwash and gum is long gone...I think when most heavy drinkers quit they find empty bottles all over the house. I found empty tins of breath mints...Congratulations on your wonderful milestone.
What a great post. Glad you could stop by and give an update. Life is easier and healthier without drinking.  I hope your post inspires many. Wow 800s soon. Can't believe that. 
Great job Mouse! Thanks for this post
