-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v3a72/welp_here_i_am/

1st real post. Technically I posted something in the "What's up Wednesday" thread (I think that's what it was called) but here it is...1/2 way through day 4. Struggling with how to post an intro without telling the story of my entire life but there's no way that's going to happen. Even the bullet points would be absurdly long. Let's just say that due to both nature & nurture I've lived with ADD anxiety & depression but never realized that's what it was until a few years ago. I'm 49. Married. Daughter leaving for college in a month Son going into 8th grade. I always thought everyone dealt with the same things but I was just lazy unfocused and weak. I was told that from a very early age and I believed it. Told that I was wasted potential. I believed it and in fact have fallen way short of it. As the years have gone by the reality continued to sink in and rather than do something about it I felt more anxiety fear pain & depression. Weed was my thing (although I'd enjoy a couple beers on occasion) and helped alleviate my symptoms but the demons within remained.... and grew stronger. Reinforced by each month and year of my failures or lack of progress. About 6 years ago I had a really good job in terms of pay & benefits but high stress. I started drinking more during this period because it was also very effective in turning the volume down on my angst and was less stigmatized. I lost that job but not due to alcohol. I was devastated. Knowing I'd have to take pre-employment drug screenings I stopped weed & dove headlong into the bottle. Vodka's my thing. More effect per volume. Since then gotten another job for much less $ & no benefits or health insurance. I've only reinforced my fears underperformed gotten out of shape treated my wife like a mother rather than a wife thrown tantrums broken things driven drunk endangered my family embarrassed myself in front of extended family & friends likely damaged my organs and seriously contemplated suicide. My last drink was on Sunday to ease my hangover after acting like a complete lunatic on Saturday night & then sleeping on the floor of the garage with the dogs because that's where I felt I belonged...I never considered myself "An Alcoholic" because I've never had a "physical dependance" on alcohol. I've powered through work and have barely kept my job due to overall performance and immediately got drunk once I was home to silence the internal turmoil. Poor sleep night sweats can't catch my breath an overall mental malaise social anxiety the feeling everyone can see what a total failure & a fraud I am... all almost instantly remedied with a heavy cocktail followed by 5 more. Then I was brave funny outgoing & confident. All a sham which I perpetrated upon myself and the aftermath being spewed on my wife & children. Writing this makes my hands sweat my stomach churn and I feel the urge to pull that vodka lever which pushes it down until tomorrow when I'll wake up in a pool of sweat at 3am again full of shame regret & remorse. However I won't. ..I've read this sub a lot over the last few days & see very little about a physical need for alcohol. I've seen much about inner angst fear pain anxiety & depression. Apparently I should call myself an alcoholic but I'm not feeling it. I've been super sick the last 3 days and I guess that's me detoxing. To me the real battle isn't with alcohol. It's with myself. With my fear. With my self critical defeatist victim mentality. I tried to silence it with an effective yet temporary chemical which is in fact quite harmful physically & mentally and it only compounded the problem. I've had to stop drinking to stop the physical damage rip down the curtain and finally just face the demons... staring each one in the eye. I've not yet done that. I know it's coming. For now it's just being sober enough to assess my situation now. To remember and take responsibility for the things I've said & done the things I haven't said & done and formulate a plan to improve. It's very painful. To me.. that's the pull to drink again. The fear of facing reality & responsibility and then taking positive action...I have no idea how long this is turning out to be as I'm just letting my fingers go but I'm sure it's way longer than I had intended by a mile. After reading for these last few days I almost felt obligated to share something. I'm pretty anti-religious (although I feel folks can believe say & do whatever they want as long as it doesn't cause harm to others) and "group-think"... so seeing "I'll not drink with you today" all over the place sort of makes me cringe. I get the sentiment though. I'd prefer to express it in my own way. I appreciate those who have shared their past and present stories & situations. You all should know that they are very valuable and there are likely many folks who have visited read benefited... and never posted a thing. I'm pretty sure I'll continue to visit and read at the very least. So yeah.... Here I Am. Day 4. #Solidarity
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Get a badge. And LOL you don't like the "I won't drink with you" but you like hashtags?! FUNNY! Hope you stay around. It's truly amazing. Don't mind my 12 days. I'm coming back from a bender. Hope you don't have one of those. Stay here... It's so very helpful!!
I'm already having total panic about writing all of that and exposing myself. Feeling raw &amp; exposed. Just one of those demons whispering in my ear I guess. Resisting deleting it.
Thanks for sharing a lot of it resonated. It may seem like "group-think" at times but we're all ultimately individuals with our own stories/experiences who just have a very strong underlying theme amongst us that can't be denied. Make of it what you will :) I like you use it for solidarity. Your story is just as valuable. Sounds like you're closer to taking positive action than maybe you realise...
Hey self diagnosed ADD here. See a lot of myself here. So I'm glad you didn't delete it!..I'm also very anti group-think type stuff but I don't mind the not drinking with you today. People are always drinking for everything it's nice to 'not drink' with people for a change. ..I started feeling much better physically after  those first three days (which sucked big-time)! You should be feeling better soon. ..PS: samsara is amazing. Not surprised you used to blaze it. 
Day 5. Feel slightly better. Less intestinal turbulence so far this morning. Headache is mild. Anxiety holding steady at 2/10 but that can spike as the day rolls forward. Feeling better about my decision as each day comes. Physically.... I mean my body in general hurts. My right hand is still bruised &amp; sore from repeatedly punching a gate very hard on Saturday night. There goes the sweaty hands typing that as I revisit that horrifically embarrassing night. The more distance I can put between my current self and that asshole the better. Pretty solid motivation to stick to this thing. My big toe on my left foot keeps going numb. Stressing that I've got some sort of alcoholic neuropathy. I hope not. That's irreversible. Again reason to stick to the plan. The rest of my muscles ache from held tension weakness as I haven't exercised for 6 months &amp; the creeping effects of age.... and fertilized with gallons of vodka. I'm dreaming a lot of vivid weird dreams and waking up often... but at least it's not in a pool of sweat anymore. Stick to the plan. One day at a time.
