-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4va9m3/going_to_rehab_next_weekend_advice_more_of_a_vent/

Hey guys some of you might remember me from a year or so ago. I relapsed after 7ish months sober and although I tried to make it back at the start I eventually gave up trying and just dug several rock bottoms deeper. So I'm going to rehab before I end up jobless/homeless/dead. Not the worst idea I've ever had! ..Anyway I really am pumped. I did this myself no one is forcing me. I'm the one who got all the paperwork done talked to HR filled out forms got doctors notes contacted people to get this shit done. I want to go I think I'm ready I am sick of being a disgusting depressed shell of a person. ..I am scared though. Its 6 hours away in a city I've never been to. I'm taking myself there and staying in a hotel alone the night before. I have a limited idea of what to expect. I don't really know what I should bring. I have 5 days off work to actually get ready. None of this has really hit me yet although I've started to have my "last drinks" with certain people so that's always kind of messes with me. I have not stopped drinking (no I haven't drank today). I have slowed down a fair amount (sorta). I will stop at least a few days before. I know I should stop now but I'm in this "final days" mindset. ..I am mostly worried about coming back to the real world going back to work taking all of the steps needed to change my life and avoid another relapse. I am pumped for all of that though. ..So yeah if anyone wants to give me advice let me know their own experiences let me know what I should bring/things you wish you brought but didn't realize it at the time  that would be really cool! Anything helps :)
----------immediate responses--------

If they have a website if will outline what you can and can't bring I would also maybe call and speak to the intake department. Each facility varies on what you can bring I doubt you will be able to keep cash or any money. You can expect a detox period of at least 3-5 days this will involve just drying out while under the care of a nurse around the clock. After you get through that phase you will most likely be going to groups daily think of it as camp. But like I said every facility is different. Just be absolutely willing to surrender and be uncomfortable and you will be better off for it. ..One more thing it takes a lot of courage to go to your job and lay it all out on the line. I did the same thing last summer. I only wish I would have done it before I lost the previous job I had before. Good luck
I remember you!!!! I'm so happy for you that you're getting help!!!! I've never done a rehab and have no insight into that other than it might be a good idea to bring lots of candy. I did love candy when I was detoxing. I'm rooting for you and looking forward to hearing how you're doing!
Welcome back. Best to you in rehab - we will be here for you!
Welcome back and congrats on rehab! I would call and ask them.  I couldn't have gard back books magazines with staples make up etc. But the place I went was a mental health clinic - so it was a variety of alcoholics drug addicts mental disorders etc.... I should've researched. I was really drunk one night and said enough was enough and just had my husband drive me to the nearest place. Bad idea on my part but it did open my eyes to many things. So my experience is not like most and probably not comparable to where you are going. ..Things I did bring  tooth brush  deodorant gym clothes gym shoes &amp; flip flops. Which we weren't allowed to have laces.... so they stole them and zip tied my shoes lol so you may wanna ask... and again - I didn't go to a rehab center it was a mental health place so there were people there who were on suicide watch to explain the laces and the staples. ..I really hope this doesn't freak you out sorry if it does. I met a bunch of nice people there got a grip on my addiction anxiety depression. Learned a lot of coping skills and left with a plan 
Good to see your name!  I look forward to hearing how rehab went when you're back.
Damn I'm happy to see you posting again :) Glad to hear you're doing this for yourself. I wish you all the best out there and post when you need. We'll be here for you. 
Delighted you are going in to rehab.  I hope it all works out for you.  Next game of golf I play I will hit a drive for you.  One day we can have a game together sober \o/
