-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vamks/things_are_going_really_good_and_not_struggling/

I'm coming up on thirty days and I got some news today that was discouraging I had a fleeting thought about a drink but I quickly arrested that thought. It is going easier as I go along and I've been on a SSRI for roughly over a week now and I feel like my mood has been stable already. I'm a bit scared that I am going to blow it soon I really haven't done anything drastic just made a decision not to drink I haven't been camping at AA or even using a sponsor. I do have a few sober acquaintances and a friend in recovery that I check in with. My mother was on the phone with me last night talking about a void in my life and encouraging me to get involved in AA or church... I think I would rather not but she is right something has always been missing and that is why I drank but it doesn't and won't work anymore. I am grateful though I'm not suffering right now and trying to get sober again because before last summer I was in bad shape and I didn't think there was any hope for me. Grateful tonight I'm sober and I wish all that are struggling well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great to see you at 24 days sober! Alcohol left quite the gap in my life - I filled it with distractions initially. As time passed I set about building a good balance of things into my life - exercise hobbies time with loved ones etc. 
As soon as my knee heals I will start trying to run again I miss my family tremendously I left them in January to move 500 miles away for outpatient after I sat in jail a month for another dui you can see my earlier post from a few months ago. I left on really bad terms but we are speaking on the phone now regularly I can't wait to see them in December.
I just started going to (almost) daily AA meetings a couple of weeks ago. Not only is it making it so much easier to stay away from drinking I feel happier than I have a long time. Those social connections with caring honest sober people are incredibly helpful.
