-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vdabq/i_got_dumped_last_night/

...but not for the reason you are probably thinking. ..4 days ago I decided enough was enough. I was tired of the hangovers tired of wasting $30-$60 a day on booze tired of being unhealthy and frankly just tired of being tired and slowly killing myself. This last time was the 4th time I've relapsed in 2 years but hey I'm going to be 30 soon. It's time to get my life together for good this time...Anyway I had been seeing this really sweet and fun girl for a little while. The only problem is that she can drink as much as I can and as often as I can. Well she came over on day 2 of my sobriety and we just cuddle up sober and watch a movie. She comes over the next night with a few beers and asks if it's okay if she drinks in front of me. I say yes of course it's okay I'm just not going to partake. We hang out but she is starting to act really strange and reserved. I ask her what's wrong and she keeps saying nothing. Yesterday morning she kisses me and says she will see me later after work. I thought cool I must have just been paranoid. ..I get home late from work last night. I have heard nothing from her until I get a text at 2am saying "we can't see eachother anymore I'm not going to quit drinking heavily and I don't want to hold you back." ..I'm okay a little sad but she is right. I really shouldn't be dating someone who drinks very heavily while I'm in recovery. ..I should also add she is a bit younger than I am and in her party phase. I'm not going to try to take that from her. Hopefully she gets over it soon and finds someone that will treat her well...TL;DR: The person I was seeing broke it off with me because I quit drinking and she doesn't want to hold me back with her own drinking habits.
----------immediate responses--------

It hurts but that's honestly a good ending for you both. I had a boyfriend ages ago who didn't drink and I did. I was 5 years younger so I was in my party phase and he wasn't. You get to resent them soon because it feels like you're trying to hurry and grow up. I'm sorry you're a bit sad it still sucks and hearing "ah well all well that ends well" doesn't help. 
I'm so proud of you for staying strong! It must be very difficult to go through the break up but you're certainly on the right path. Congratulations on 4 days :)!!
[deleted]
Yep right on all points. You'll meet a great sober girl
Good for her; good for you. And I bet it still sucks. It really shows how much she actually cares about you though. 
That's probably the best outcome. For all the obvious reasons. I know it hurts but it will be easier now that you can choose to go into a relationship where drinking isn't on the list of possible activities...Godspeed!
