-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vfvc5/yo_discovered_this_sub_like_3_to_4_days_ago_what/

I just wanna say I've enjoyed "lurking" here last couple of days. I have also given some advice to other postings but I can't wait to be more active in here all the same. ..I do not want to get banned I am sober from any alcohol as of June 30th. But I am battling adderall ativan and as of late heavy meth usage. Today I have not used any substance but I guess you can say my last parachute and ativan high is on its way out and I was anticipating a very heavy and scary anxiety wave but just reading everybody's posts has kept me so at ease right now through the last 3 to 4 hours. ..Currently as I type I'm sitting at my parents house who are checking me into rehab Monday. I'm 30 years old I've been not a day sober (unless in jail) for the last 11 years. I'm extremely lucky to have an amazing support system going into rehab. When I told my attendance manager at work I wanted to check into rehab (which was extremely difficult to propose in the first place) she looked at me like a lost family member sigh of relief and said "You went from model employee to off the deep end!" I laughed and held back tears our union steward (I understand not everyone is part of a union but addiction is covered under the ADA act) got called in and we started working together on how paperwork policy etc on how to approach it before during and after. ..My boss everyday has told me how excited he is for me to go into rehab and comeback to finish the year strong. My center manager came to my desk and just gave me a little pat on the back and gesture of solidarity last Wednesday once she caught the wind of my 21 to 30 day absence from the job. ..If you're still reading what I'm trying to get at is don't let the shame the guilt the fear the stereotypes the idea your image will be tarnished the idea you're weak what ever the case is....contact that friend you trust who may be a drinker tell the hr person at work go reach out and get someone anyone who loves you or respects on board to step 1! ..It feels good. Of course I'm nervous. Of course I'm petrified of the benzo and speed withdrawals I'm going to endure the next week or so. But I know that I'm going to have professionals on my side very soon and returning to the real world with my family and coworkers rooting for me to a better life. ..Am I scared of relapsing and disappointing the very ones saving my life right now? You better believe it. I'm scared fucking shitless. ..I'm sick and tired of perpetual destruction in my life. I'm 3 DUI's to late. I'm a drug overdose to late. A miserable drunk to late. But Monday August 1st I'm going to be the rest of my life early to prosperity tranquility and growth. ..I don't know what kind of communication to the outside world I'm gonna have but I can't wait to inspire and motivate anyone who has been where I'm at when I'm out of rehab. ..Thanks. Felt good letting this all out and can't wait to converse with you all.
----------immediate responses--------

:-) welcome and all the best in rehab! i hope to see you around :-)
wow this is *AWESOME* thanks for being here and posting. thank you for your courage to be so open...I'm sending you internet hugs and hope for your full recovery in and out of rehab...congratulations on beginning your journey to sobriety :)..I support you by NOT DRINKING tonight!!
Hiya. Welcome to SD. Sending you best wishes. I will not drink with you today.
hey Shug good luck friend - you will be in my thoughts. your post is inspiration to me in my early days. thanks
Welcome!  I'm glad you got such support.  I finally opened up to my close friends (who are also my business partners) about my problems when I stopped and they were great.  And God just the feeling of telling the truth after so many years of hiding it...  (apparently I'd done a pretty good job of that never say alcoholism doesn't teach you skills - they're just not very nice ones)..Good luck in rehab I look forward to seeing you here again soon!
Best of luck in rehab and welcome to this sub.
Welcome!! it takes a lot of courage to do what you're doing.
Awesome!!! I will not drink with you today. Best wishes to you in rehab and beyond!
Good luck! I bet you'll do really well in rehab and beyond. Glad you have the support you mentioned. Keep us posted!
Congratulations on making a very brave and courageous decision to enter rehab! Be kind to yourself and know that we're thinking of you and wishing you the best. I applaud you for this and I'm looking forward to your progress updates :). Sending warm internet hugs..
