-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vk67m/this_might_be_premature_but_worried_about_this/

My boyfriend is moving out this week. This has been dragging on for the past month but he now has an apartment and will be out by the weekend. My best friend was supposed to be coming to visit me Friday and Saturday.  She doesn't drink so we were just going to hang out post my boyfriend moving out. Now she doesn't know if she can make it. Not her fault. But the problem is since I found out she might not be coming over I am thinking about the fact that I will have 4 days off. I will be home alone. You see where this is headed.... Friday will be day 60 for me. I don't want to relapse/reset but the thoughts are already beginning that I could drink and no one would know. And what a stress relief it would be after my boyfriend (ex) moves out. Want to combat those thoughts now and not let them grow
----------immediate responses--------

*you* would know. And then you'd feel compelled to post here and then *we* would know and while none of us would ever pass any sort of judgement you'd still feel like crap like you've let us down. You'll feel like you let yourself down. 
What can you do to protect yourself during this time? 
It's good that you are thinking about this and trying to foresee any possible problems. Can you make a plan for those four days? Maybe a combo of meetings and also fun activities like sports that don't include drinking? I find a concrete plan always helps. It's when I'm adrift with nothing to do that things start to get dicey.
Maybe the idea of drinking is what's tempting you more than the need to actually drink. Maybe you are feeling the need to celebrate/ close the chapter/ start the next one and since drinking is something that's now nearly two months in your past it feels like that would check all those boxes. If it were me I would try to think of something else I could do to celebrate myself and the potential of what waits ahead. For me I might splurge on a meal at a nice place or plan a bike ride for a route I haven't done very often (or ever). It's great that you recognize the danger. Now you just need to figure out how to kill it as soon as it actually shows up. 
[deleted]
I'm so sorry for the tough time you're having; I have totally been there and it sucks. Things that helped me get through that empty house feeling were: cleaning the house and getting rid of unnecessary things binge watching dumb but entertaining shows ordering delicious takeout going shopping for a few cute new things and redecorating/reorganizing my bedroom. We will not drink with you! 
Thank you for the responses. I think finding out my friend was not coming made me think of all that free timealone. I can go to the noon meeting Thursday and Friday. I usually can't go to that because of work but I will be off. Saturday is my usual meeting. Sunday I could go to church. I could take my dogs for a walk any (all?) Of those days. I can clean. I just wish I had some friends in this area I think that's kinda weighing on me too.
