-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vm41r/remember_me_i_am_the_guy_who_thought_he_could/

Last time I checked in with you guys I had a horrible night after drinking alone because I was heartbroken and tense. Months passed and as  felt I was making progress I relapsed again and again. Then six months ago after a very horrible night I decided to do the stupidest thing ever: self medicate on antidepressants. I was so scared but I was desperate so I did....Best thing to ever happen to me...All of the sudden the internal void and the dark clouds finally cleared. For the first time ever I felt normal and fine. As the drug does not combine with alcohol because horrible things happen I had to lower myself a lot but it was no problem I didn't even feel the need....After three months I decided to stop. because I was afraid I was trading a monster with another even more dangerous. I took smaller and smaller doses and for a week it was night terrors but they finally stopped...Only horrible side effect: I gained a lot of weight...But now I feel finally fine I continue drinking but my body naturally tells me when it's enough after just two or three sometimes even onemore I cannot even stomach...I have to say it was the stupidest thing ever and I could have gone irreparably insane but everything is alright now. ...Tl:Dr: Tried moderating but failed again and again self medicated with antidepressants suspended them everything is fine now. No more craving.
----------immediate responses--------

Is being 'alright' what you want from life? Genuinely curious. 
Glad you got off the antidepressants. Mixing those with alcohol can be very dangerous. It's good that you are now moderating your alcohol intake also. I hope one day you can get off that also. Good luck to you. 
I'm glad you're doing ok.
&gt;I have to say it was the stupidest thing ever and I could have gone irreparably insane ..I kind of hope this is the one takeaway people struggling to find recovery get from this post...
