-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vmg43/full_disclosure_because_i_hate_hypocrites/

and I don't want to be one...So I had a glass of wine last night. One glass. I thought about resetting my badge but to me that badge is about not getting drunk. I did not loose control or get drunk so I think I'll keep the badge. ..Why would I threaten my sobriety this way? Well I thought about it and here's what led to that glass...* My husband and I were having the rare dinner alone together-- Lovely steak with broccoli and oven fries. He poured himself a glass of red and it looked and smelled good to me (it hasn't always while I've quit - it's often repulsive). So you know he did not encourage me to drink and even questioned me about my decision because he knew how important sobriety has been to me...* The day prior I had tolerated a long outing for work which was also a booze fest from 11am to 11pm. I did not drink. Limo ride with booze bar stops dinner with more booze and a concert with you guessed it more booze. I was fine. Felt a bit of an outsider at times but overall was fine. I think "you earned this" sort of snuck into my thinking...* Moderation usually feels like deprivation to me but I wanted to know if I could really have one glass and be satisfied. Sort of like a test but maybe more like toying with my thinking. Not sure really...So what's the conclusion?  I enjoyed that one glass. I made it last because I knew I would not be pouring another (I had to pick up my daughter after dinner). Did I want another? Sort of but I knew there wouldn't be another and I didn't want to reset my badge. I do not intend to drink again for a long while. Maybe a glass every 6 months or so is the only kind of moderation I can manage...Anyway I want to stay honest and accountable on SD. It's important to me. If I relapse or start obsessing about drinking you guys will know about it. So now you know about my one drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Good going! I wouldn't beat yourself up about it. I think it's up to the individual on whether they can have a glass of wine for a special occasion. I wouldn't blink an eye if they wanted to have one or didn't. I have a trip to New Orleans with my family that could present a situation just like yours. 
Awesome job! My grandfather was a *raging* alcoholic for most of his adult life. When he was in his 60's my grandmother finally gave him the ultimatum of quitting or she'd leave. He quit cold turkey. But when they went out to dinner they would eat have a glass of red then split a third. He would never have more than one and a half MAYBE once a week but probably not even that often. It just goes to show that everyone is different.
I think your view may be controversial around here but the badge is a tool for YOU at the end of the day...I'm getting married soon and expect I'll toast with champaign (although I'm considering picking up nonalcoholic champaign).  At my bachelor party I'll probably have one scotch. Not nearly enough to get me buzzed or honestly to satisfy me even remotely but these things are more for tradition than anything else. ..After those i don't expect to have another drink for a long time. And certainly more than one of anything is nowhere on my radar I've committed to sobriety.
I'm glad it worked out for you. Personally I've always found that once I started drinking again over time I reverted back to how I was drinking before. I was always able to have nights where I had just one or two drinks even towards the end of my drinking. The problem is that those moderate drinks just set me up to crave more and I would end up drinking heavily the next day or a couple of days later...Steak is delicious without wine. I really don't see the connection between the two any more and honestly I've done a fair bit of fine dining in my life and I don't really remember red wine enhancing steak the way I told myself it did. The wine just muddied the taste in my opinion. My sense of smell got much better after I was sober for a while (wasn't a smoker when I quit so I couldn't tell you why that happened) and I taste and enjoy food a lot more sober than I did when I was drinking.
To me my badge represents the number of days I have without drinking alcohol.  I try not to introduce any subjectivity into the equation.  In the past that subjectivity has allowed me to inch by inch move the line of what I consider acceptable.   At first I was only gonna drink on the very special occasion.  But then I saw I that I can "control" it and I decided drinking on the weekends wouldn't be the worst thing I mean normal people do it so why can't I?  Then I added 1 night during the week to the mix cuz happy hour ya know?..Slowly I regressed falling deeper and deeper down that rabbit hole.  ..I only say this because I advocate for an abstinence based solution to alcoholism.  However many many people I know can drink in moderation.  If you are one of them I certainly tip my hat to you.  Best of luck!
I would reset my badge. Any interest and partaking in alcohol woukd lead me right back where I was and I would need to take this type of event very seriously. Just my opinion. 
&gt; Full disclosure because I hate hypocrites    .&gt;&gt; Anyway I want to stay honest and accountable on SD. It's important to me. [....] So now you know about my one drink...The number on My badge is the number of *Consecutive* Days I've gone without drinking alcohol.    .If my goal was "moderation" and drinking but not getting drunk I wouldn't have a badge in the first place; or I would Un-Check the "Show my flair on this subreddit". While a badge is yours to do what you want if it were me I'd reset; if for no other reason than the integrity behind the number.
I commend you for your honesty. ..I support you in agreeing that your badge is your badge period and I have no problem with your definition of that badge...And I carefully caution you on what you already know: this is a potentially slippery slope for anyone and speaking from the I I don't think I could do it!..(But rock on for being here and having this discussion!)..Peace Punnyboy
I tasted alcohol twice within the first four months on my badge. At that point I wasn't committed to total abstinence and used my badge to mark the days since my last drunk and all the shame that came with it. I found the experiments very helpful in the long run. They proved there was no point to moderation for me. They also exposed how much I was thinking contemplating and consumed by alcohol. Stay vigilant about your thinking and really examine that "6 months or so" and if it is a worthwhile goal.
What I like about being an adult is that I can be a hypocrite in certain situations and that's ok. There is no law that says all my views have to be congruent
Dang that work outing sounds like it would have been a tough one for me not to have pulled the escape hatch to reach home. My badge counter is a motivational tool to me...hitting daily and near term targets. Between 160 and 180 those days sure turned slowly for me in the anticipation of the 6 star at 180. I just say no to drinking bc historically for me once the negotiation starts it is one that Pedro wins every time. Best wishes and thanks for sharing.
[removed]
I'm in the same boat as you about the badge. While it seems that most here view the badge as days without alcohol I agree with you in looking at it as days since last drunkenness. I'm abstaining completely for a while but with my birthday and football season coming up I will be tested. ..Congrats on your willpower to have just one. 
I didn't drink for almost 13 years.  Then I had one glass of wine. It was rewarding in its taste and in the mild effect.  I congratulated myself. Alcoholism was over.  Two or three weeks passed I had maybe two glasses.  Then a major upheaval with my then-husband. And I was off. Alcohol to numb the pain.  There's just something about those deep neural pathways that is more powerful than any of my thoughts about my drinking. After I told myself I *could* have one drink my defenses were gone.  I've learned since that you can build new sober pathways but the old neural pathways remain.  And as someone wisely said last week (sfmary?) "you can't control your relapse."  I didn't destroy my life. But I didn't maximize it either.  Here by grace.  .
My last thought here. It is completely okay to be here without a badge. The sidebar clearly says control is an option.  I guess if I were not fully committed to learning how to stay completely sober I just wouldn't bother with a badge.  I just reset a few days ago and found it embarrassing. I did not like doing it at all. I would much rather claim a higher number.  I really like "looking good."  Four days. What is that?  The truth. 
Hi there! Thanks for your honesty. Sending you best wishes.
I'm not here to judge you just to caution you. When I read your points they read a lot like rationalization. ..We alcoholics are the best at rationalizing. Just have care. ..
If I intentionally drink alcohol (as you did) my badge gets reset. Period.
This may be controversial but I have been avoiding SD and similar  programmes  because I don't like the binary status. I feel blaming alcohol for my problem is running from improving myself. So my goal is to return to being able to handle it...So when I finally decided to get a badge I decided it means  days since I've drunk alone ...TL;DR: Don't reset. Define what your badge is counting and stick to *your* definition.
When I drank I was dishonest with myself and others to maintain a facade of being in control. Lying keeps people from knowing the real me - failures and all. 
