-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vo8qx/awful_experience_over_the_weekend_after_an/

Warning: Very long read rambling. First time poster. Late 20s. I hadn't gotten out of control in a year. I was able to have a beer with dinner or a drink after without continuing. I had a minor incident or two where an argument or misunderstanding arose with my gf after I had 2-3 beers. Nothing serious though and the incidents were months and months apart. .     I started drinking in my teens as many of us did socially. I lived in a very low population state where there wasn't much to do. I could have made much more of my time then still I was dealing with severe depression and suicidal thoughts since even pre puberty. I didn't see much for my future and I was always just about instant gratification something I struggle with to this day and outside of alcohol. Not to romanticize underage drinking but I felt like I genuinely had some mental control and some sort of physiological (correct use?) control over drinking. My tolerance felt much higher in retrospect which is odd since I was much thinner. I could drink and drink and keep hold of my faculties/not embarrass myself. If we weren't sneaking off in large groups to party in remote places so law enforcement couldn't find us we were playing shows in bands and sneaking alcohol even at underage shows. I have fond memories of those days but looking back there were some potentially very dangerous situations and that jump started my connection to binge drinking. .    Fast forward to my early twenties. I just got out of a 3 year relationship. The relationship had its own problems outside of alcohol not to mention just being young naive love. In the last year of that relationship alcohol had started to show its penchant for creating or exacerbating negative feelings and contributing to arguments and widening the gap between that person and I. After we had split ways I had decided I was going to allocate the first half of my twenties to staying single and living it up. I still think it was a decent decision and I would probably do it again. It has helped me feel more confident and secure in my current relationship and my overall view of my life so far. .    I moved in with a good friend in a much larger city. A social circle of people we had known for a very long time who had also relocated there quickly emerged. Some of us were attending college some were not. The town itself was not a "college town" per say. Regardless binge drinking took hold of many of our weekends and I was all for it the first year or two. I felt this was just who I was. I felt waking up not knowing what happened the night before was something I needed at 22-25. I thought waking up with cuts bruises and missing items was what I was *supposed* to be doing. I thought having unprotected casual sex that I hardly remembered was going to be easy and inconsequential. .    After awhile though I found my body reacting differently. I used to drink until 2 or 3 am and then get up for work at 4 am in my late teens and be not too much worse for wear. Not now. Now I'd wake up with splitting head aches that felt as if I were really breaking my brain. My body dehydrated and weak. We'd start with hard liquor sometimes even before others arrived before the party got started. We'd play games games that lasted forever and made us drink far more than we would have...and I'd play worse and worse thus making me drink more and more and still I would drink on the side. I felt I had to stick in there the pressure was heavy. It was a large group of friends who had a lot of time and baggage. Emotions would flare signals crossed. Luckily nothing seriously seriously regretful happened. The next day things were usually back to normal. Although more and more frequently I'd wake up the next day in agony sometimes knowing that I was probably not far from death the night before not to be dramatic but I know there were nights where had I gotten lost or had I not slept on my side I could have not woken up in the morning. .     Some time ago I moved away. Many reasons but getting away from that life although we were glaringly outgrowing it anyway was a huge deciding factor in doing so. I felt my friends were no longer my friends they looked at me differently. We had all spent too much time too close. Probably my inability to control my vices my behavior and just normal human entanglements were to blame. I had found someone who I truly love and care for someone I had known for a long time and so I left and joined her. I completed what I said I was going to do 5 years prior and I am now ready to calm myself work on improving myself as a person and enjoy things outside of the influence of alcohol. .    It hasn't been easy I had a period of unemployment but found a steady job for the better part of this year. It leaves much to be desired but I am hungry thinking and planning my future in a pragmatic way. I've also gotten my fitness up as I tapered off drinking. .    This weekend though I found myself at an event with my SOs family. The first time in a year I've been around that much free alcohol that kind of environment the band toasting to something after every song a mini bar a keg and a feeling of celebration and excess. I first accepted a beer just to have something to do with my hands. I was meeting so many new people and I was feeling a little anxious. After that I made myself a small drink at the mini bar I even stopped for a good 20 minutes afterwards with the thought of "pace yourself come on now" as I was already feeling it. "Come on we have to finish this keg" "Here's some patron". A crowd forms around the keg and everyone gets cheered to do a stand. I don't know why but I find myself finishing my SOs drinks. I can feel it coming on as I am coming in and out. I go the bathroom and try to make myself puke. It won't come up. I didn't want to be here again..I did this to myself though. I try to indiscreetly plead with my SO to leave before things get bad. Finally we do. I lose conciousness and vomit in the car that came to pick us up. I come in and out and Im being berated and scorned by more panicked SO. I can't move and I can't communicate. Even after we get home the only thing I remember is the power of the unrelenting heaving. Being showered off knowing what had happened but feeling like I couldn't do anything about it yet I had done it to myself and there was nobody else to blame. It used to be me in her position..    I've tried communicating this with her. She says I'm playing the victim and that she doesn't like that I imply that alcohol has this much power over me. I know I do it. I know its my fault. I just want to be a person who *just* *doesn't* *drink*. It has nothing for me in really any setting. I didn't think this would happen to me again. Nevertheless I am confident I can do this. I don't crave alcohol. I just have to stand up for myself when others do not understand. I wish others all the strength I believe in you..    .
----------immediate responses--------

