-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vq5ft/other_addicts/

How do I maintain compassion and understanding for other addicts? ..Constantly putting their health and jeopardy. Relapse. Drama bad decisions...I was once there I know the strong grip of addiction very well. And yet I have little patience for it when it comes to others. I don't want to be around it. ..Precisely I don't want anyone being irresponsible with drugs in my home. And I certainly don't want to spend time with someone who is drunk. ..I feel like in my personal life I am surrounded by folks making awful decisions. Some of them I cut ties with and mostly ignore. Others are family and cannot be ignored....And these are adults not kids...The discussion makes me upset. The thought makes me fear for my own sobriety and what I've worked on for so long. Is there a secret to dealing with this? Am I selfish and cold? Am I wrong to not want to be involved since I know what the addict is thinking? I am one. Don't bullshit a bullshitter
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you. I am going through this very same thing at the moment. I felt so self involved with hate and disgust that i didn't humble myself and this post humbled me. Thank you. 
I've walked away from people because I was unsure of how I felt when I was around other addicts. I feel judgmental sometimes but really it is just looking out for your own sobriety. The bottom line for me is that I sometimes have to distance myself from people because of their drinking or drug use. It was hard for me during the first two years like really hard but everything really turned out alright. I found that for me the relationship just naturally faded even with family. It hurts sometimes but I just don't want to relapse again. Hang in there you'll find the answer just keep yourself sober. Everything will work itself out with time. That's been the case for me so far. Hope this helps you. Peace and good vibes.
Addicts and alkies don't bother me much. I've been there and I'm not exactly quiet about what I was. I'm not preachy or pushy but I've helped folks get into detoxes and the like quite a few times...The behavior on the other hand... look I'm all for being compassionate but if you steal from me there are still going to be brutal and immediate physical repercussions. If you threaten me you have one chance to back down and I will make it clear if the other person is intoxicated before I take action. Addicts are worse about stealing alkies about fighting in my experience...If you want help I'm generally here. I'll even give money to folks I know are going to use it for a bag or a drink. If you want to get off the stuff we can talk but I can't do it for you...I dissociate from people I know are going to be dead soon. Sometimes it hurts a formerly close friend of mine is IVing heroin. He wanted to fix the last time I was around him I told him to go ahead. ..He snapped the needle off under his skin I told him to get to a doctor he told me it was no big deal because he's done it before. Three times to be precise the moron is walking around with four fucking hypodermics in his arm. I just sighed and I haven't talked to him since I left that night. He'll be dead soon enough so it goes...We don't all get out of this thing alive in fact MOST of us don't...I don't go out of my way to hang out with them but I will go out of my way to help if they want it. If they don't and I like them as a person then whatever but if they act scummy or they're headed to the grave I'll just walk away.
Through a lot of therapy and other means of looking at my behaviors and how abhorrent they were I slowly learned how to have empathy for people without feeling the need to fix them. When I was doing a lot of sheisty things it was because I was hurt I had no idea how to process my emotions without lashing out at people and hurting people around me. I don't think I'm a bad person but I did a lot of bad things. ..When I am around active addicts boundaries are the most important thing. It can be hard to gage how much support I should give someone. Mostly it's just listening and whatnot. I never jeopardize my own well being for their sake. I dont need to set myself on fire to keep others warm. But I do have some relapsed/non sober friends I can talk to and offer company/friendship... But if someone is unhealthy for you honestly take a break from them make excuses to avoid them if you need. If someone is using in your house let them know that that is unnaceptble and will not be allowed. You can get angry at the behavior without being mad at the person. It can be hard dealing with people who are oblivious to everything around them especially their own shitty behavior so out of touch with reality that I feel like I am just repeating the same things over and over to them without any acknowledgement of what I'm telling them. When we are active in our addiction we only hear what we want to hear. Try to put yourself in their shoes. How would you react in the past to someone (especially someone who used ro drink and use themselves) telling you not to drink or use?  I try to think of where I was at how much pain I was in. How many things fell on deaf ears an it makes it easier for me to sympathize 
Tolerance and patience are my ideals when dealing with others. Most of the time I have to pray for it and remember that they are sick people. When I am able to separate the disease from the person I have new found patience. I also remember that I refused lots of help while I was actively using.. and was not using logic in the "big picture" of my life therefore others logic had no sway on me. 
I understand that alcohol tears down people's strength common sense and self esteem. It sure did a number on me. I look back and wonder why it was so hard for me to just quit. But that's because I was a hollowed out person then. You can't compare yourself at 566 days to someone who is still using. That would be like a professional bodybuilder comparing themselves to someone suffering from famine. ..That doesn't mean we have to hang around addicts and drunks. I would limit my exposure if I was having negative thoughts about it. It's not our responsibility or ability to save the world from addiction. 
