-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vr0nf/was_trying_to_cut_back_in_lieu_of_quit_now_my_job/

I was struggling with diagnosing myself as an alcoholic when my employer decided I needed to head up the wine/beer/liquor division.  It's a small company so the job fell to me quite easily.  They knew I liked to party.  ..The funny part is that I was 7 days into sobriety when I got the call the longest stretch of sobriety I had in like 10 years.  I was conflicted at first but I couldn't turn down the money so I was super responsible about drinking when I took over.  Fast forward a few years and I'm back at it drinking way too much than I'm comfortable with.  ..I do a few days at a time sober but I always get samples and questions about what is good.  After all it's my job to know what's good.  Fuck.  Haven't gone more than 5 days since...Anybody else here been in "the industry" and had to make a total 180?  I need to switch careers if I'm going to give sobriety a go. But Goddamnit I have bills!  I can't just bail.  I need the money...Help?
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man that really is a tough spot to be in... I have no personal anecdote but I'm sending you strength!!! ..Is there a way to be knowledgeable about the product while skirting around the fact that you haven't actually tasted it? Also so what if it's awkward when you say "I haven't tried it myself but I've heard that it's... Blah blah blah" at least until you can switch careers if you feel you need to... That really is a tough situation! Happy you're trying to get out though :)
I am a server in fine dining. A large part of my job is selling alcohol. I rely heavily on my nose and the palates of my coworkers. The Internet is full of descriptions and reviews of products which is helpful too. I sell more wine than any other servers at my workplace. You can be in the industry without drinking. If I couldn't I would bite the bullet and seek other employment. 
[removed]
I have compassion for your struggles.  My heart goes out to you...For me I would not have been able to stop if I worked in the alcohol industry as you describe...I would have to quit.  
I was for 6 years. It really helped with my alcoholism. My most recent job I got fired about 3 weeks ago. It was a blessing in disguise because I would try and try to stay sober. 5 days here 3 there. But inevitably I always went back because the lifestyle plus part of the job was drinking. I decided now I can't go back. I have my second interview for a sales job Monday. 
