-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vrwlo/day_fivemy_bumpy_road/

These days I am constantly thinking about my multiple personalities which I think all of us with this and similar problems have..Constant fight recalled me this morning of the fight with windmills (Don Kihot-Miguel de Cervantes)..Don Quixote and Sancho Panes are two total opposites: a noble and peasant skinny and thin tall and short hedonist and ascetic.... Yet they can not be one without the other! After all the duality of our nature is an old human plague !!!.Don Quixote is dreaming with his open eyes. His madness is a way of being. For his life in imagination is really enjoyable..And if for a moment his mind clears and examine the cruelty of reality he again wants to sink into fantasy in order to beautify that reality..Armor protects him only from physical injury and from a lightning of sneer it's the gentlemanly dignity that keeps him safe. If it's not for his second "I" in the form of fat pragmatic Sancho Panza this sad and in his world taped knight would ended up fighting with windmills..Windmills are our illusions ideals unfulfilled dreams... And what about the poor earthly life compared with dreams?..The question is not what is the knight fighting against the question is not whether this fight is attainable or unattainable the question is not whether the goal he aims is worth such a fight the question is not whether the objective is a concrete or abstract one.... The question is what is considered under the struggle in general..Fight in the head of every man symbolizes the variable concepts...from the bare struggle for LIFE through the struggle for power the fight for the affection of a person to a fight for the sake of the essence of the struggle as a category. When it is leveled out accordingly in our head and realize one's urge to "fight" then it can define its purpose (purpose of the fight)..Man can after nerve distress or excessive concentration chase imagined flies with his hand or chase white mice around but it is not a subject of serious analysis..Man can be "fighting" to a certain extent for the affection of some women even though he knows that the essence of this so called "fighting" is a fragment of tearing his dignity and the "fight" symbolically told isn't a fight but an ordinary attempt of looking at his extroverted me in another and is also unworthy serious emotional analysis ....Each of us lives and "fights". Windmills are present in everyone's life. From the attempts to change the nature of our partner to impose the authority of the child to train a dog to take the largest part of the economic pie from which we live....all these are not "fights"..The only fight that is the prerogative of the term fight is the existential one....for dear life and mere survival..As much the choice is up to us whether we will be a knight or a windmill that much is on the closest ones who sometimes are in the same discourse of consciousness or unconsciousness too...At the end I would like you to accept that you will always be aware of all the corners of your head white and black. As soon you accept them the sooner you'll succeed..Stay strong!!!..JJ.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaKdUXOAiCI&list=PLAGpgOKL61zjmsX4cfWZeIEHmNU1I1-57&index=3
----------immediate responses--------

