-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vtzp2/starting_over_again/

Hey All..I've struggled with drinking my entire adult life. A few years ago I managed nine months of continuous sobriety through rehab followed by living in a halfway house. Within a week of moving into my own apartment I began drinking again and have not been able to stop for three years...In the past several months I've started attending AA meetings again and can pull together a few days or a week before I convince myself I can drink responsibly and start the whole process over again. I think I've hit the threshold for my own BS and am embarking on what I really hope is a concerted effort to get and stay sober...In the past couple of days I've been doing a lot of reflecting on what has tripped me up in the past and have come away with a few conclusions. First I don't think I've ever technically asked for help or admitted that I don't know what I'm doing. I've always pulled a sort of good student routine where I read This Big Book hit the meetings maybe even get a sponsor; but I never call anyone and say "Holy shit I want to drink so badly right now."..Going along with this I tend to be overly quiet at meetings. Some of this is shyness or "consideration" for others who might have something more important to say. But it's become clear to me that I'm not going to stay sober through osmosis. I need to start sharing and work at forming bonds with other people who are trying to stay sober as well...I think the core of my problem is a sense of loneliness. I've always been sort of shy and introverted and making new friends has never been something that comes easy to me. Alcohol is a very easy way to diffuse these feelings and in the process of abusing substance day in and day out for years I've become extremely dependent on it. But I also think I'm getting tripped up by my own sense of pride. I don't have any problem admitting to being an alcoholic to myself but admitting it to others and asking for help is extremely difficult for me...A few months ago I turned 32 and made a short lived resolve to quit drinking after my birthday. Clearly this has not happened. But I'm hitting a point where I feel like alcohol is robbing me of forming valuable relationships and screwing me out of reaching my full potential. I feel like there's still time make things right and get the most out of life but alcohol has to be removed from the equation...A couple of things moving forward. First I'm resolving not to drink just for today. A lot of my forward thinking about sobriety starts out well intentioned but then turns into a source of anxiety and before I know it I've fallen on my face again. So my goal is to get through today and worry about Wednesday on Wednesday...Next to help assure I get through today I'm going to get my ass to a meeting. I will do my best to contribute to the meeting and begin the process of fellowship but if for whatever reason I'm not there yet I won't beat the shit out of myself. Instead I'll go home go to bed and start the whole process over again when I wake up...This is a really terrific sub and I've gotten a lot out of lurking around here. But I think I need to move things more in the direction of action rather than passive observations. I'm hoping to become a more active member of this community and would be grateful for any thoughts or advice!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/TheBeagleHasLanded84 to /r/stopdrinking --if you've been in "lurk" maybe you've seen the [link to the Baby Steps post which lays out the simple ideas](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and actions that I did to start stopping.  Good luck to you on your journey.
&gt;Some of this is shyness or "consideration" for others who might have something more important to say. But it's become clear to me that I'm not going to stay sober through osmosis...Oh wow.  That's me.  Thanks for your post today I appreciate it so much.  Kinda need to...de-lurk in life.  Not drinking with you today.
I'm glad to be here with you! I had to start looking at alcohol as my enemy. A difficult thing to do since I had made it my bestest buddy in the whole world.  It's wasn't. It's a poison to me and others like me...Have you read *This Naked Mind* yet? It really helped me see alcohol in a different light...Stay strong friend. I will not drink with you today!
