-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vuc73/i_want_to_stop_drinking/

I was sober for about 8 years. I slowly stopped going to meetings stopped talking to sober people and eventually relapsed shortly after the death of my sister (it was a great excuse at the time)...I have been drinking now for over 5 years. In those 5 years aside from some rough/stupid nights no real external consequences have happened to me. ..I was recently laid off (not drinking related) and have been traveling for 6 months now with another 6 months scheduled. This new found freedom and traveling abroad has given me a great excuse to really lean into my drinking. My tolerance is so high I don't even bother drinking beer. I have started doing coke again.  My depression and self loathing have come back with a vengeance. I am out of shape and am a shell of what I used to be physically. I can't sleep regularly. ..I am fulfilling a lifetime dream right now in an incredible country but I am miserable and lonely.  I want so bad to feel how I felt when I was 2-3 years sober. The idea of traveling alone and sober is terrifying. I don't think I can do it. But I can't keep drinking.  I don't want to waste this amazing opportunity...Sorry for the wall of text. I just wanted to get this off my chest. Even while I've been drinking I've been subbed to this group as I know I need to be sober again. Your posts and stories are very encouraging. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're with us. After managing 8 years of sobriety you have much to teach us...&gt;I want so bad to feel how I felt when I was 2-3 years sober...This statement made me so curious. Did you feel differently about being sober as the years passed?
&gt; The idea of traveling alone and sober is terrifying...That really strikes a chord.  I've been sober for two weeks which is the longest in forever I guess.  I've certainly had no longer than a day without drinking in at least 15 years (I'm 38) and mostly that only happened with the help of pot.  Maybe a few times I've gone a little longer without actually getting drunk but only due to circumstances making it impossible...The idea of being sober terrified me.  Not the idea of the rest of my life sober (that too but not only that).  Just being sober in the evenings on a regular basis.  And the thing is after only 2 weeks I really can't remember why exactly.  I thought... what?  I'd be bored I guess.  I think that was it but it doesn't make much sense.  But I was truly scared of the concept I know I was.  I just can't explain why...Whatever I thought sobriety would be like it wasn't.
My husband and I have a 5 year plan we're hoping to travel the USA and see all the great stuff there is to see.  I know that being drunk and high isn't going to work if I am planning on doing half of the driving.  And all the other stuff like renting out our house and planning our trip.  ..What really struck me was the comment about coke - and my first thought was 'omg have they never seen the show locked up abroad?!?'  That sounds terrifying to me.  Being in new places and seeing new things seems like it would be the instant cure I would need.  Funny how perspective can be applied and how everyone's situation is different...I am so sorry to hear about your depression and self-loathing.  When my drinking was ramping up it was the best time of my life and my marriage - and now that I've stopped - cue the depression and self-loathing.  It's a mindfuck but I'm certain that my life was NOT better when I was drinking.  It could not have been there's no way that is possible.  It was most assuredly a false happiness.  ..I don't have any suggestions other than checking in here.  Maybe reading This Naked Mind doing all the shit the long-timers recommend.  I'm still hanging in there $125 saved from not drinking in 17 days.  ..Best wishes today and always.  Thanks for your post it was a valuable read.
Thank you for sharing. I believe it's always a great day for Day 1 to start. I would love to be traveling now and living those dreams I have but I know I couldn't do it in the shape I'm in with the drinking. The first step is always the hardest and the right thing to do is always the hardest. Hang in there and I'll be thinking about you. 
Welcome back. You never have to take another drink. If you want to go back to sobriety you can. I know you already know this but I figure it is always good to hear it...What you said about AA resonated with me. I find it annoying too most of the time. It is not my favorite and I don't go often. Sometimes it helps and I go when I feel I could use it. There are lots of paths to sobriety though and that thought reassures me. I don't want to be barely hanging on to sobriety and angry about it like some people in AA seem to be. But there are a ton of people out there who have left alcohol behind forever and are happy and don't necessarily dwell on it in meetings. I know I can do that too and it makes me feel hopeful...Good luck. I'm not drinking today and you are welcome to join me.
