-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vy7ah/first_post_is_anyone_like_me/

I'm on day 9. I have no cravings. I have no desire to drink. As a matter of fact I picked up some diet coke and walked right passed the beer last night with zero desire to grab a 12 pack. ..But! If I drink one beer I'll go to bed that night with a beer on the nightstand. Then the next morning I'll wake up with a beer and so on and so on. ..I read that people struggle but that's not me. I just have to NOT drink even one. Is this weird?
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to this. I seldom have cravings but if I have that one drink it'll tip me over the edge for more. I cannot cut down. I can only stop.
The one beer is an on switch to chaos - is very common it's  why we are here in fact...Our compulsions fade or leave at differing rates and may return from time to time just to refresh the memory of the insanity...
I had a surprisingly easy time as far as cravings go this time. When I finally understood that it will NEVER go differently for me and moderation is just not what I will ever do I was finally able to consider drinking simply not an option. One drink will inevitably lead me right back to where I was...and then worse. That doesn't mean that I will NEVER face a serious craving so I remain vigilant in order to have some lines of defense for when a craving does hit. I'm an alcoholic - alcohol is always just an arms' length away. Congrats on day 9 and the smooth sailing that you have experienced thus far! It's a gift!
Yeah cutting down is so much harder than just quitting altogether for me. ..By not drinking at all it sort of fades from my mind. But if I try to drink less it becomes an obsession of sorts - did I drink too much already this week? what about tomorrow? should I order a couple boxes of wine to keep for when I have guests? sure ill have some wine with dinner! I have plenty in stock! ..aaand I'm back to a bottle a day at minimum. ..if I just don't drink I don't even mind sitting in a restaurant drinking water while my friends drink. Not a problem at all but if I try to drink less that's an impossible scenario
It's not weird at all Doug.  I am just like this.
I had a pretty ok time when the first few weeks which I didn't expect. I find my real struggle began when the first few weeks were over and my alcoholic brain started telling me I was fine I'd quit for two weeks obviously Id proven I wasn't an alcoholic right? I can have a few I can control it now. If I start to go back to my old ways I can just stop again after all I've done it once etc etc....Like you I'm one beer away from the utter misery that was the last year of my drinking. And the further I get from that misery the more it fades and I have to remind myself that yes it really was that bad. And no I cannot drink like a normal person. So I cannot have that first drink. 
Good for you /u/DougSR01 -- so what's the plan for when the inevitable hard times come?
Yes. My cravings are more or less gone. ..But I have to avoid falling into the trap of thinking that no cravings equals I don't have a problem. Because that's a problem..
It's been a bit like that for me after the first few weeks at least...Today I had to get my kitten put down as it has a fatal virus (sucked big time) but even then I never felt like a drink. I wouldn't have believed that even a couple of months ago...I just *know* I cannot drink because of that I'm not really tempted to.
Congratulations on day 9 and having no cravings. I am like you in a way that if I drink 1 I know I'll continue to drink from that moment and not stop. For me I can't have even one. It's great you can see that with yourself as that will keep you away from that 1. 
No this isn't weird. I operate like you. I could usually walk right by the beer section without a problem. A lot of days I wouldn't crave a drink at all. I had and still have bottles of wine around the house and while I could have opened any of them I never did. BUT if I bought beer with the idea to "just have one or two" I would most likely have 12. It was like check valve got stuck open and just let it run. ..This being said I think you can make arguments that it's both easier and harder for people like us to completely abstain. ..* On one hand: It should be easier to stop completely because I don't drink often and rarely have any cravings...* On the other hand: Part of my mind tells me that I don't really have a problem *because* I don't drink often and rarely have cravings. So that makes it all right to drink to excess occasionally right?..I don't think there's any clear definition of whether or not any one of us has a drinking problem. What it really boils down to is how we feel. I feel like my drinking is not controlled and I don't want it to be part of my life. Others may see me and think there isn't a problem and wonder why I want to stop and that's all right. They don't have to understand. This is for me.
I just want to say stay vigilant! Ive reset a handful of times and the first few weeks were always alright. It's the third week that crushed me. Just keep it in mind they may still come and be ready!..Grats on day 9 proud of you
Hey Doug - I tend to maintain the belief: just don't pick up the first drink. I know that I cannot taste or have 1 drink as I will end up finishing the bottle and searching for more. That will land me right back in detox hanging on for dear life. Can't do it...Congrats on day 9 :).
It's been my experience that there is no right or wrong way to do recovery we are all Unique Individuals. This time around because I spent many years relaxing I find myself actually repulsed by alcohol. It's an amazing survival skill that my body developed probably out of necessity. But when I see anything with alcohol in it including cough medicine I feel the urge to throw up. So whatever is happening seems to be working for us and that's a good thing!
[deleted]
I am exactly like this. Absolutely.
I'm exactly the same I have no real cravings but that one beer turns into two and that turns into a fuckton. 
I too am one beer away from a 12.Pack and more. The thought of that is what keeps me from doing it after all these years. The first time I might could manage but after listening to hundreds of people who tried that for me and failed every single time I want no part of it. I'll just drink my coffee and be happy. 
Same way 100%.  If I were to pick up a beer I would drink a twelve pack every night.  I can not just drink one or even two.  I don't have it in me if I am going to drink I am going to sit down and get hammered.  Once I stopped though it was like I never had an issue with it.  I think about it very seldom and when I do I think about how great I feel mentally and physically and how drinking is totally not worth letting myself down or falling back in to the same downward spiral that I was once on.  Congrats on day 9 every day gets better!  I have lost 25 pounds since I stopped!  
Yup. That's pretty much how I am too..If I am not drinking at all - it's relatively easy to stop..But ONE drink and the flood gates open...It's best for people like us to probably just not drink at all. 
In the words of that annoying guy from "Storage Wars" YUUUUUUP."..I'm on 278 days and can count on less than one hand the number of times I've had an honest-to-goodness craving. But put one drink in my hand and I'll have six. And then another six the following day and then it's three weeks later and I'm miserable...You're in the right place as far as I can tell. I asked virtually the same question several months ago...Welcome. There are some really good people here. I don't post often but when I do I'm met with kindness and uplifting voices. I've no doubt you'll see the same thing here.
You're not alone 9 days is easy!
&gt; I just have to NOT drink even one. Is this weird?...This is the corner stone of many recovery programs.  Stay away from that first drink...Great job on your progress so far!!
It comes and goes. If someone's having a beer or a glass of wine in front of me at the end of a hot summer I'm tempted.
Why did you drink in the first place? Have you encountered a situation yet that challenged that response? I found that among many reasons I foremost drank because I identified it with my personality--so for me it was immediately very difficult. 
I was so clear about not drinking that I also had no cravings.  It's when I then assume that because I don't I can maybe try to moderate...doesn't work.  The all or nothing works for me as long as it stays nothing.  I relapsed after 10 years of sobriety because I had a single drink which then led to 2...5...etc. and six years later back to here.  Don't let the evil twin voice of "see how easy this is?" fool you.
As I read on this sub: **Moderation feels like deprivation; abstinence feels like accomplishment.**
I was like you.  If I drink one I am done..as in I'm screwed.  I used to have such a beer guzzling problem that I would take a benadryl pill at about 5pm when I was drinking.  I did this because benadryl would knock me out after about 3 hours which would put an end to my booze fest.  The benadryl would also put me into to a deep sleep which alcohol usually stole from me.  Since I stopped drinking I don't crave it at all.  I have decider that nothing positive will happen from drinking alcohol.  I am done with it.
There's science behind this alcohol and drugs like cocaine cause dopamine release and for certain brain chemistries especially addictive personalities a little dopamine can trigger a cycle of craving for more. Also related to binge eating sex sugar&amp; carbs smoking video games apps like candy crush etc.
I have the same experience Doug. I've now realized that I can go days without really thinking about drinking but it creeps into my mind if I have some kind of event coming up that the old me would look forward to as an opportunity to get shitfaced.
Welcome. This actually makes perfect sense to me. I used to feel like that and think I was going crazy. I would think do I want to drink or is this all in my head. That goes away with time or it has for me this time around anyways. Now I look at it as just not drinking that first drink. Hang in there it gets easier.
Yes absolutely! I rarely have cravings for alcohol. When I do I generally either a) realize I'm just thirsty/bored/sleepy and drink some tea or b) realize that I'm incredibly stressed out and meditate/go for a run/call a friend. ..I have no trouble not drinking day-to-day. My spouse still drinks socially. I still attend events with open bars. I even have unopened bottles of wine and a little whiskey under the cabinet to serve to guests. It genuinely does not occur to me to drink them. ..However I know that if I had a single glass of wine or sip of whiskey I would not be able to stop. I know that if I had a glass I would drink the whole bottle. Having zero drinks is nearly effortless. Having one drink is nearly impossible. 
