-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vyu5j/onto_day_2/

Kinda having a really hard time today not so much with abstaining but I woke up feeling really odd...I've been having thoughts that maybe I shouldn't consume myself with the idea of quitting so much because I think it's making it that much harder for me. Like in my recent relapse it felt like my drinking got worse than it did before I tried stopping again because of the disappointment I felt. 
----------immediate responses--------

The first few days can be a bumpy but fortunately most of us start feeling better pretty quickly.  Remember if you don't pick up the next drink you never have to go through the first few days again.
In one of times I previously quit I consumed every moment with "I can't drink I can't drink..." and it drove me to drink again. I relapsed. What has been working for me this time is replacing old behaviors with new behaviors. I (with the help of a therapist but you can do this on your own) came up with things I wanted to do when I felt like drinking or using. If you keep to your game plan pretty strictly you don't have to consume your every thought with convincing yourself you can't drink like I did. It really will drive you crazy and at worst it can be counterproductive. Think about it like being on a diet. If you like cake and keep telling yourself "I can't eat cake I'm on a diet" what are you thinking about all day? Cake! No wonder the urge doesn't go away you're saturating your thoughts with it. Same goes for drinking (or using) in my experience. Good luck to you on your journey; stay strong.
Hiya! Sorry you're not feeling too good. It is so worth not giving up in my experience. I was feeling the way you did for eighteen months before I got sober this time round. I hope you can perk up and hang in there. As long as you don't pick up that first drink you will always have hope you know. I won't drink with you today and send you best wishes.
Stay strong!! You can do this.
Just wanted to thank everyone who responded today! What started out as a really rough day turned into a very productive one. Instead of dwelling on everything I ..* Did some heavy cardio and light weights  .* Went to IKEA and got lunch with my girl .* Hung curtains a clock and a new piece of art .* Fought getting irate with UPS customer service that made me repeat my issue 4 times and still didn't give me a clear answer after 30 minutes of going in circles .* And finally I'm going to watch an episode of the X-Files to turn in..Here's to another good day tomorrow hope all enjoyed yours!
