-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vzdbu/how_long_do_the_cravings_last/

I relapsed after a month. I had like 3 days in a row of cravings and I couldn't cope. I thought after a month I'd of been over it. If you long timers could Please share your experiences it would help me a lot thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not a *long timer* but the memories of the intense cravings is still fresh in my mind. In fact I'm still dealing with them to a lesser extent...My cravings would come in waves. I would find myself thinking about booze then WHAM! Instant craving. My mouth would actually start watering in anticipation of the taste. I'd get quite shakey too. ..I found that the intense cravings would only last about 20 minutes at the most. Then it would die down to just a dull roar in my mind. After a few days the frequency of the cravings subsided but the intensity was still pretty bad. Somewhere around my 7th day of sobriety the cravings were almost gone. ..Just knowing that the craving wouldn't last forever helped me gut it out. During this time I was taking it hour by hour. I told myself that I would wait ONE HOUR before taking a drink if I just couldn't stand it anymore.  I can put up with just about anything for an hour!..
Cravings still pop up from time for me and I'm closing in on two years sober. That said they happen way less frequently than they used to and I am much better equipped to deal with them when they arise because I've had practice. ..I also know what sort of situations are likely to set them off so I can prep in advance. For instance I know that when I go on vacation I will be tempted to drink. So I prep myself mentally for that before I go and that helps. Have you thought at all about what happened to trigger those cravings you're referring to?..Everyone will be different but I find that I can get through cravings by talking to my SO about them posting and reading here meditating and if they're really intense going for a run that kind of wipes me out. I save this for last because I don't really like running but it is effective...A brief thing about meditating too: often we let our minds start spiraling out of control. I think this sort of thinking is what leads a lot of us to drink in the first place. That's certainly the case for me. Meditating provides a really good opportunity to practice letting your thoughts be without chasing after them. It's good to practice this when times are good though because it will be a more effective tool when they're not...Hope some of this helps and best of luck!
I find that the less I work on my sobriety the more I experience cravings.  Although that's a stupidly obvious observation it reminds me that I need to fight for sobriety in order to manage cravings...I try to incorporate real action into my everyday in order to stay on top of it.  Does it require most of my day to fight for sobriety? No.  Does it even take an hour a day? No.  But that being said I find life much more enjoyable when I do take action.  For me it's about staying involved in the recovery community volunteering my time in real life to helping others and continuing to develop a more fulfilling life filled with good relationships fun hobbies and an overall sense of gratitude.  ..And lastly I'm grateful that I continue to experience cravings.  Yes I said it.  Those occasional thoughts to drink keep me on my toes.  They keep me moving forward.  They help me remember who I am and where I've come from.
Here's a post I wrote [called The Ulysses Bargain](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3il4y0/the_ulysses_bargain_how_i_get_past_cravings_and/) that has some recommendations that might be helpful.  
[removed]
