-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vzlyt/inner_changes_can_be_hard/

It seems that sobriety can be as much of a roller couster as drinking... (at least for me) so here I am venting again. Well that's what support groups are for right? While mostly I am feeling way better clarity can be very scary.....This thing I struggle with isn't new but with everyday passing I can't keep ignoring it anymore. From when I was about 16 I wanted to write. And I wrote some - here and there. Had some jobs writing. I always thought that it is my future. As I got older (I'm 23 right now BTW) I started seeing that well... I'm not THAT good. I write fine academic papers I can write pretty well done opinion pieces... But fiction - my ultimate dream... Not that good. Not that good at all. ..Working for newspapers was a nightmare which I don't want to relive but today I was feeling pretty confident and checked some online freelancing websites thinking I could earn some extra cash...  Most of the jobs available were REALLY terrible with low pay and very demanding needs. And it struck me again - I won't earn a living this way. Im-fucking-possible. ..And I realized I have to let this pipedream go... I didn't write as much as I dreamt about doing it anyway. I just imagined myself as this fucked up writer drinking depressed but oh so genius. First I dropped that persona now it seems only fitting to forget about writing altogether. ..Sobriety really changed a lot in me even in this on-off period of half a year. It is very hard letting go of this person I always was of my previous dreams hopes goals. But everyday it just starts to look like - all that isn't me anymore. I am new around here in this world I am sober and I have to find out once again - what I like what I don't and what I want. Maybe it really is true - you either change completly if even in very little ways or you just stay the same. A dry drunk in this case...Maybe one day I will realize that I can see myself writing for a living again but right now it just looks like an escapist fantasy. But IT IS scary - I always was somewhere in between "artsy crowd" and "party people". Now I am none and I didn't really get along with any of them that greatly also. "Real world" seems so scary: I don't have the skillset or for that matter the diploma to live there. ..But I am hopeful - today I started feeling curious again and that is all that matters...Thanks for reading love you all
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I just imagined myself as this fucked up writer drinking depressed but oh so genius. ..I can relate to this for damn sure. ..&gt;First I dropped that persona now it seems only fitting to forget about writing altogether...Nooooo!!! Unless you're really sure about it. Our culture for some reason mythologizes the self-destructive tortured genius artist but that's bullshit. ..I'm a musician and sometimes writer and let me tell you my stuff has improved since I quit. You think that the booze is helping you but it's really not. I have the focus now to actually finish things I start to edit them and get them just so instead of taking a couple shots fucking around with a notebook for an hour calling it good enough taking a few more shots and passing out on the couch with Netflix on...That said I do have a day job. I do hope to one day make money off my words and music (well more than the few hundred bucks a month I make now) but for now if nothing else they are a passion for me that really give my life purpose and meaning even if they're not making me money...So I guess what I'm saying is give yourself time to figure out where you stand now that you're sober. It's a long process but it's totally worth it...And one final word the "real world" isn't as scary as you might think. I hid from in it in the bottle for years and looking back I realize the bottle made me feel weak like I needed it to deal with the real world. Fuck that noise. I'm not weak and I'm willing to bet you're not either. Facing life with clear eyes most of the stuff that stressed me out has turned out to be way less scary than I thought it would be...Best of luck and keep us posted on your journey!
[removed]
Inner changes can be hard; but damn--it's sure worth it.  For me it's all about growing up and learning to love myself.
I can relate to everything here except for the writing part. Change that to ahem 'international man of mystery' (which in reality means getting drunk in lots of different places and in different languages) then that's me. .I don't think you should give up writing unless you realise you don't like it at all. I like studying languages which I'll keep doing for myself but I need to drop this fantasy land of 'i can be someone else somewhere else'. Because the fantasy doesn't work the alcohol makes me think it does and I end up lonely and alone. ..But don't quit writing if you enjoy it. Writing is faaarking hard even for the best if writers and besides someone once said: "Better to write for yourself and have no audience than to write for an audience and have no self". And what is this sobriety path about if not reclaiming your SELF? ..Sounds like healthy growth to me what you're going through. Let's stay at this. 
