-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4w2t6j/wondering_if_another_stint_in_rehab_would_benefit/

For more context you can look to my earlier post. Basically I relapsed immediately when I got out of rehab. Since then I've had trouble staying sober for more than a day or two at best and usually just from the time I get up until 5 or 6 in the afternoon. I'm drinking even more at a time than I was before rehab. I don't want to go back not to mention I don't think I can afford it. I desperately want to stay sober but I'm having a terrible time pushing away the voice in the back of my head that says "drink drink drink". I don't WANT to drink but once I have made my mind up to do it there's nothing that can stop me.
----------immediate responses--------

Please excuse my ignorance (I'm not too familiar with professional rehab) but if you relapsed IMMEDIATELY after rehab....doesn't that kind of mean it didn't do any good? ..Isn't the whole point of rehab to form good habits and patterns when you LEAVE? Otherwise isn't it just somewhere you go where they don't let you drink?..&gt;once I have made my mind up to do it there's nothing that can stop me...So what would it take to make your mind go the opposite direction?
For me rehab was the easy part.  The real work starts when you leave.  After my second stint in rehab I got a sponsor and went to 90 AA meetings in 90 days.  I still go to 3-4 meetings a week and that has kept me sober for 464 consecutive days.  Good luck to you.  Glad you're here :)
Do you want to stop?
[removed]
There is help to stop drinking all around you right now.  Best wishes in finding the willingness and desire to go ask for it.
i also relapsed after coming out of rehabsame day. no big deal. but then over a few months of I tried to sincerely hear that voice which said enough is enough..AA happened it helped a bit and slowly it was more sober days at a go. I now knew sobriety. And i then almost 5 months ago consciously made a decision to see life as it comes without any need to drug myself. luckily then i hit upon SD took it a day at a time and here i am so far.. it will be tough but then difficulty tapers down as we pile up sober days ... I think success doesn't meet "kind of want" effort it needs "really want" effort. The voice to not drink needs to get louder than the voice to drink. good luck !
Rehab only benefits if you want it.
