-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wa62l/ive_made_it_one_month/

I came to this subreddit because I was abusing alcohol. I set out to take a month off to remind that life can still be enjoyable without it. Today I reached that goal. The community here is full of nothing but great and supportive people. I am going to attempt to drink again but not let it control me. Who knows I may realize that I'm incapable of that and have to cut it out entirely or I may be able to drink healthily. Thank you all for the support and help you've given me during my time here and I will continue to browse this sub and offer the same for anyone else who is struggling. Be strong everyone! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on hitting your goal!..&gt;or I may be able to drink healthily..What does that mean to you?.
Good luck.  I tried that so many times and failed and finally decided to accept that I am an alcoholic but maybe you're not.....We will always be here for support
Best of luck to you!  I can speak from experience and say that I've tried to control it numerous times but it always wins eventually.  There were times where I'd be fine for months but then I'd get completely trashed and do something stupid.  I hope that does NOT happen to you!
Well done on the month chances are you'll be drunk again shortly I gave up before for 4.5 years thought if I could stay sober that long I was cleared to drink like normal people wrong I got drunk the very first attempt at drinking normal..You of course may be different. Good luck.
Best of luck and congrats on one month. I did the same thing after a month the last time I tried to quit and then tried moderation. It did not work for me and I don't think it ever will. Stay safe out there. 
Congratulations on hitting this milestone!
Best wishes to you and congrats on making your goal x
I'm also doing a month but debating going longer a year forever? Not sure. I can see the benefits of stopping entirely more than anyone I know i need to stop for a good while. The little voice says "don't do it! you haven't got a problem. A month is fine." Then I remember the fact i'm on this forum which is enough of a hint that deep down i need to stop for longer. What's a year in the grand scheme of things anyway?
Congrats on 31 days!! I'm at 31 days too and plan on keeping this great feeling a while. I do not like being hungover!  
We started this same plan right around the same time. I'm at 37 days without alcohol. I'm going to a BBQ tomorrow and told myself I'd try to just have 2-3 beers. I'm kind of scared. I want to give it one more try (I did the "month off" thing two other times and gradually got back to heavy drinking) and if it doesn't work this time I'll quit for good. I've set a 10 drink/week maximum and installed a counter on my phone so I can keep track. I'm still worried about it and want to try but the last month has been so good I kinda don't want to try. I probably will and then be disappointed. Or maybe I will and be proud I only had a few. Either way I'm kinda stressed out about it. I feel like I'm letting myself and you all down. Proud of all the courage I see on here. Thanks for reading..
I have also set a month goal- I feel like it's a first step an attainable goal and then I'll see how I feel from there. Today marks one week down. Would like to know how it goes for you thanks for sharing!
I think that being banned refers to posting while you are actually drunk doesn't it? I would like to hear how you get on.. I suppose it's risky because others might read it and think 'maybe I should try it too?' But we are all here for the same reason.. I dunno. I am loosely aiming for 90 days and after that not sure.. It still freaks me out the thought of saying 'forever' so am just not drinking 'for now' and will keep going as long as it feels right. Good luck xx
