-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wbsf1/destructivedangerous_thoughts_ugh_long_post/

I've been struggling lately. Like a lot. I keep having these ugly relapse thoughts and have been having a hard time working through them. ..One problem is that I keep romanticizing being a drunk as in I think about how crawling inside of a bottle made life simple because all I could focus on was drinking or finding my next drink. Playing the tape forward is hard when I have these thoughts because I am romanticizing the state of being an alcoholic not just the state of being drunk. I just want to grab a lot of alcohol hide in my house and disappear and never come back. ..Suffice it to say these thoughts are stupid absurd and destructive. Drinking brought me nothing but pain and sadness. It made me unhealthy fat depressed anxious poor etc. Quitting drinking was also excruciating and the last thing I want to do is go back to the shakes cold sweats and teeth grinding from withdrawal. ..I'm trying to confront the reasons I am having these thoughts. I'm undergoing a lot of personal changes that are very stressful. I am changing jobs and moving my family across the country in about three weeks. I'm leaving a stable but generally unhappy existence in a medium-sized town and moving to a major northeastern city for a much less predictable job. I am experiencing a lot of second-guessing and doubts that are more nerves than anything else but they are stressful. I think part of me is terrified of the change and in order to justify that fear I keep going back to this place where I have an inaccurate memory of my life here. I try to convince myself that my life was great at my old job when I was drinking all the time. That's total bullshit and I know it. One way I know it is bullshit is that slightly more than three months ago I decided my only options were to stop drinking or commit suicide. Shortly after I got sober I got a random opportunity to take my new job and it seemed like some sort of cosmic reward for my new commitment to sobriety.  (Note: I don't believe in fate and I am not the kind of person who thinks that a higher power takes interest in my career so I mean this rhetorically. Even atheists are superstitious which is a whole other can of worms.) ..I'm posting this for accountability and for help. I hate that I can't trust my own thoughts and I love hearing from other people going through the same things. .. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's ok!  You can do this!  Everyone even the most emotionally healthy people have stupid destructive bad thoughts on a daily basis.  It's part of being human and anyone that tells you it isn't is LYING!  If we didn't have bad thoughts we would have all been killed off by wooly mammoths and prehistoric lions!..You've been sober over 100 days!  That is a HUGE accomplishment.  There's so many people out there that will literally poison themselves to death or near death before seeing that number!  ..It's completely natural to feel stressed in times of change too.  Change is tough- for everyone.  There's uncertainty and people love the comfort zone.  For me sure I had happy times when I was drinking but it's not worth all of the self-hate shame and guilt that it caused me.  I'm a much better person when I have NOTHING to do with alcohol.  
You can do this! I think we all romanticize drinking sometimes. You've done a very smart thing by posting and getting it off your chest. And 106 days is wonderful! Keep going strong. I'll be happy to stay sober with you today!
&gt; Suffice it to say these thoughts are stupid absurd and destructive...I understand this; the cravings I have are generally more about the urge to self-destruct. And like you it seems to be extreme stress that brings them on...Stress is a huge trigger for many people and it sounds like you've got it in spades right now. Moving to a new city for a new job might give you the break you need because you won't be passing the old liquor store/bar/drinking buddy all the time. You will be with people who only know you as sober. You will be fully present to appreciate the new location with your family...Just hang on for the next three weeks. And you can do that you've proved it with your 106 days already. Thoughts of relapse might come but commit yourself to not act on them. We've got your back here.
The tape that is currently playing on repeat in my brain: if you don't relapse you're not really an alcoholic so you might as well go ahead and do it. ..That sounds crazy right? (Right?) ..Anyway you're not alone bud. I also feel like I'm standing in the doorway getting ready to step into a new phase of my life but that sneaky voice would like to pull me back. Let's shake that off and take that step into the unknown.
