-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4we3aa/i_am_not_okay/

It seems like I need the sub and chat more recently. I am struggling to stop myself from sabotaging everything. All I want to do is drink  partly because I am an alcoholic but mostly because I feel like I don't deserve the good that comes along with sobriety. I feel like I am a horrible person I don't know why but I that is how I feel. I have to tell myself everyday that I deserve this even if I don't believe it. ..I need help tonight. Thats what it comes down to. I don't think I can do this anymore
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. I'm really sorry you're struggling. ..I used to hit the hay early when I thought I couldn't make it through the night. I'd just go to bed at like 7:30. Things were always brighter in the morning...I also could not just simply not drink. At all. I had to get outside help and do more in recovery. Are you doing anything outside of staying dry? ..Hang in there.
Your not a bad person. You're a sick person who deserve s to get well.
I feel this way too a lot :(
I felt this way at your many days sober approximately... Thank you for sharing this because tonight I was thinking about how long the healing takes. I'm still healing and though I feel great right now I know hang ups are going come  and I have a good deal yet to learn about myself. ..Hell I drank every night for eleven years. I have catching up to do. ..What's really helped me is coming to terms that ..1) my thoughts are my biggest enemies..2) my reactions to others determine how they react so i have more control than I think I just have to gain control over my mind and my thoughts..So I try to maintain a peaceful mind throughout the day I avoid thinking about things that anger me or are out of my control ..And I replace them with hobbies and thinking about hobbies. I invest a good amount of time reading about game collecting thinking about it making plans about it. ..I only learned these lessons in the last two months and I am succeeding using these tactics.. ..Good luck bubba 
I talk back to my negative voice when I catch it putting me down. It actually helps! I had a good deal of self-loathing myself. You can do this. You're not a bad person. You've got a judge in your head trying to convince you. 
Hey man.  I just made a post a few hours ago similar  to this.  I wanted to drink so fucking bad.  Intellectually I knew it would pass and I would feel better; but from where I was at the time I just didn't believe it was possible.  Well it did pass and I feel much better.  I think this will pass for you too.  It seems to me like you're being awfully hard on yourself.  It sounds like you are suffering.  How would you treat someone else who is suffering?  With compassion?  Maybe you can find some compassion in there for yourself.  In any event be well.  What you're going through is fucking awful and I hope you feel better very soon.
When I feel like I'm a terrible person who doesn't deserve the good things that just being sober has afforded me it's usually my ego/pride/self pity STILL trying to separate myself from the whole. Terminal uniqueness. I don't understand why I got God's grace instead of their justice but I know I'm glad I did. I have to be real careful about what I think I deserve. 
[removed]
Hang in there. I've been having a hard time too lately and I've been really needing this place. I'm glad you're here. It gets better. Just wanted to say hello. Peace and good vibes.
I'm so sorry that you are having this particular struggle.  You were born sober you do deserve sobriety.   There are all these people on SD who are cheering for you to get through the night  minute by minute if necessary.  Surrounding you with hope and the knowledge that you can do this!
[removed]
I've felt major doubt before. It's important for me to know that I just need to act sober to be sober - regardless of the self-talk going on. ..Hang in there!
What helped me through these feelings was getting together with others in the same emotional situation and sharing.  It was really hard for me but now I know it makes me feel a whole lot better.
I'm sorry you're feeling like this. The alcohol makes us feel horrible and that we are undeserving; it's sneaky dangerous and powerful. You've come such a long way I admire you for being honest and for coming here to post this instead of drinking. We're here for you!! I hope you do something really nice for yourself like get a massage or have a great meal..you DESERVE it :). Please keep checking in friend. Sending internet hugs :).
I'm going out on a limb to assume you feel undeserving of the good based on things in your past. Yes? Try to focus on the fact that you can't change any of that. But you do have control of your future. Today not drinking is setting the foundation for your future brick by brick. You are a deserving person just like all of us. I have so much regret from drinking and it surfaces from time to time so I fully understand. Coming here and talking it through helps! I'm sending positive thoughts your way and hope your struggle dissipates soon!!
What do you feel like when you drink? Is there something you're trying to obtain or feel?
One thing I have noticed is that I need to give my brain time to heal. It takes time for neurotransmitters and neuropathways to re sort themselves out and achieve a new normal. In the mean time things seem fucked up. The frustrating part is that my decision to stop drinking was immediate "I am sober NOW!" But the body takes much longer to catch up with the mind. This is true with many other things in life (weight management exercise learning). Just keep at it day to day and your body will adapt resulting in a better normal state. Best of luck! Im not drinking with you today :)
I am sorry you are feeling that way. I know that feeling all too well. So I say this to myself. " GOD doesn't make no junk" ..Hang in there and keep fighting the fight. Everyone is worth a good life. I will not drink with you today!
You deserve nice things. :) The world rains shit down on me my mind cranks out insane thoughts. I can rationalize it in a way where I suffer or where I don't suffer. Back in the day my method of "Not Suffering" was Substance Abuse but that was really just kicking the can down the road as we know. Back to the point- you I we deserve to choose Not Suffering. So let's not!! 
I am late to the show but if you have been drinking long enough you know drinking will not make anything better. It will make it all worse. The pity party louder. Being sober is the best way to gain the confidence you need to fight your self loathing. Day by day you can become more proud of yourself. ..The things that make me a horrible person the things I have done none of them would be without the alcohol. 
How are you feeling this morning?
Hi I_am_Me21. I'm glad you posted. That's the best thing you could have done.  ..I felt the way you're feeling at times and I was tempted to go back to my old solution-in-a-bottle when I didn't like how I felt. Sometimes it felt like it would be the only thing that could change my feelings. Intellectually I knew it would be the worst thing I could do but I was still tempted.  ..The thing I discovered was that it wasn't the only thing I could do. There were other ways to change how I felt.  ..I have an amazing home group. We're called "Bad Boys" and the unwritten motto of the group is "We do this to get happy." You see happy people aren't tempted to drink. We joke we laugh we poke fun at each other we call each other out on our bullshit and we conduct some great meetings. We have a name for people like you. We call them "White Knucklers".  ..&gt; "I go to meetings but I haven't been working the steps. I need to stop being stubborn and do what I need to do."  ..You said that in your reply to KetoJam  and this is what makes you a White Knuckler. I have seen many people do what you're doing (or not doing) and they tend to be a little grumpy.  ..The goal of working the steps isn't to quit drinking. That's the easy part. Anyone can set down a glass. The goal of working the steps is to experience "the personality change sufficient to bring about recovery from alcoholism" and "(undergo) a profound alteration in (your) reaction to life". This change in perspective is what makes us happier people and happy alcoholics aren't tempted to drink.  ..You're not a horrible person. You're an injured alcoholic who has stopped inflicting more damage but hasn't committed fully to the healing process.  ..Try it. Buy in 100%. At your next meeting pipe up and say "I need a sponsor that's going to work me through the Steps." Do the work with dedication and perseverance and if at the end of it you aren't a happier person well you can say you gave it your best shot.  ..If you want to change the way you're feeling you're going to have to put in the work. Just divert the energy and effort you are devoting right now into making your knuckles a lighter shade of white. 
