-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wf8l2/700_days_if_only/

This sub used to be a gold mine to me. Almost 2 years ago I stopped drinking. I was not a dangerously adicted drinker but I did feel I didn't have control and it had a detrimental effect on my life..I don't remeber exactly how long I lasted. I remeber my 100 days coming and going. I remeber struggling with a sober xmas. I vividly remeber the day I broke. The brand of beer I drank. The consequences and the regret in the morning..Then time passes. I started drinking agian but mostly in moderation. Now I'm back to where I was before. I'm not sure why I came back today. I haven't logged into this account for a year if not more. And amazingly there it was. 700 days. I can't tell you how good it would feel to see 700 days and think I did that. Sober. I'm thinking back to all the times I have drank since I slipped and I can't remeber any peticular good stand out events. .Today I won't drink..I will reset my badge..Maybe I'll look back at this post in 700 days for a differnt reason that remembering the past and for a milestone of the present..I really hope so.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello there! Welcome back to SD. I won't drink with you today and wish you well with getting back on track ;-)
Glad you came back. I won't drink with you today! We can do this!
not drinking with you today glad you're here.
Hi there!! Welcome back. I can relate - when I came back in early May my counter was at almost exactly 365 days - in fact it was my cakeday of when I made this sober username. I felt a lot of regret what could I have accomplished in the last year if I wasn't drinking? But there wasn't anything to be done about it then so I hopped back on the wagon and am a little past 2 months now =) Glad you're here and I will not drink with you today!
Welcome back.  I'm so glad you returned.  If you could get that 700 days you still have that accomplishment to build on.  And you must have done some things right back then.  ..I will not drink with you today.
Welcome back! Glad you came back to the journey :).
