-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wh1nf/stopped_drinking_regularly_had_a_seizure_at_workl/

So last Tuesday while I was at work I had a grand mal seizure. This is during a time that I had quit drinking smoking pot and taking a little bit of Xanax. I had regularly drank almost a half a 750 ml of Jim Beam and a few beers on top of multiple bong rips and a half or whole bar of Xanax (Xanax only for the last month alcohol and weed the last four years). Last week I decided with my gf to quit everything cold turkey (not a good idea it turned out) because she has an upcoming job interview and I wanted to support her. .Fast forward to Tuesday this week I worked about 6 hours in the morning sweating my ass off and feeling pale and shitty in general. Right before I clocked out I gathered my tips took one look at the tv and the next thing I remember I was being wheeled out of the shop on a gurney. .They told me I just had a pretty  serious seizure (didn't bit my tongue or soil myself). In the ER the doc told me I was probably having a pre diabetic episode and filled me up with saline and sent me on my way. After meeting with my primary care physician I told him everything that I had been doing and he said I needed to see the neurologist and get an MRI and an EEG. Yesterday I went to the neurologist and he told me that most likely it was because I quit everything cold turkey. I have my MRI and EEG scheduled this month to see if I'm a lil epileptic. I don't think I'm epileptic although my dad has had a seizure before. Basically I'm scared shitless that I'm gonna have another seizure. I had some wine with dinner the other night so it's been a few days now since my last drink. I thank god that I'm not mentally addicted to alcohol as I've been reading that's the worst part since I'm not worried about relapsing. But nevertheless I'm still afraid to have another seizure. What's the timeline  like on alcohol withdrawals? When can I safely not worry about the side effects from  alcohol withdrawal?? Thank you everyone and good luck. 
----------immediate responses--------

My best friend and I were at our worst with each other only difference was he was addicted xannys and I was a drunk. We both started the quitting process at the same time he had a seizure I didn't fortunately. He did end up having another seizure but that was after he relapsed. I'm not a doctor but I'm sure staying totally sober would be wise if you're afraid of another seizure...As for withdrawal it seems like everyone is different. I get it instantly. The morning after I decided to quit was the worst day of my entire life. My guess would be that the worst of your withdrawals are over by now.
Withdrawal can vary wildly from person to person but it is safe to say that the best way to not have withdrawal is to not do the drugs and keep being honest with yourself and your doctor. Please take good care of yourself and keep posting.
[deleted]
I was honest and up front about my alcohol and benzo usage I only took xan for one month at the most and I told that to my doctor. He said of course stop taking xan and stop drinking no meds. They still want to do the MRI and EEG just to rule out epilepsy entirely. I feel fine at the moment a little tired and a lil sore from the seizure and I'm nauseas and my appetite is a quarter of what it used to be. Initially I thought it was just quitting weed is what was making me feel so shitty I never imagined I was dependent on alcohol enough for it to cause a seizure. Anyways most definitely not drinking or taking any more xan. I feel good today and slept well for the first time since it's happened last night. Just remaining positive and trying to stay healthy is all that's on my plate from now on. 
Hi and welcome. My first thought is that..wow..that's very dangerous! From having Jim xanny's (even for a month - it was still a bar to half - bars are powerful) pot - to going cold turkey. Yikes. I'm glad you're OK from the grand mal seizure and I guess we're very lucky it didn't get worse. It's odd that the doc's would indicate possible pre-diabetic or epilepctic seizures - especially when they can usually spot alcoholics and drug addicts quick. With me they saw me sweating and the tremors in my hand and gave me the vitamin cocktail IV immediately. Not saying that's for everyone and DISCLAIMER I'm NOT a doctor but that's some pretty heavy stuff to possibly discount for something else...I would sincerely hope that you are not planning on doing withdrawals / detox on your own particularly because of the potential for seizing. I would get to a doctor and would hope to get into medically supervised detox and not have to worry about 'side effects' on your own...I'm concerned for you..please take good care and check in. Wishing you luck :).
I had two grand mal seizures that were attributed to alcohol withdrawal. I got sober and later had more seizures hence getting an epilepsy diagnosis nearly 3 years after that first seizure. I am still afraid of them. I have severe mental confusion for hours (didn't even know my own name) and even days after a seizure. My body feels like it got hit by a bus. One of my seizures caused me to bite a chunk of my cheek that took weeks to heal. So I understand being afraid. They are scary...It turns out that some people have much lower thresholds for seizures. Events that can trigger a seizure include: alcohol/drug use/withdrawal lack of sleep strobe lights and blood sugar levels...I don't know how long you have been without drugs and alcohol but withdrawal usually peaks around 72 hours. You should be getting better if that was the issue and you have now stopped drinking...which I would totally recommend doing by the way...at least until you meet with your neurologist and find out what's up...Edit: if you feel like you did at work again go to the ER. Also don't try to detox yourself again if you slip up and drink. A doctor would help a lot more than we could.
