-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wjb7s/so_ive_been_sober_for_about_three_weeks_and_i/

I'm the Esperal guy. I have not drank for three weeks...I just figured out why I was drinking all this time...This time alone with my thoughts especially in the evening sometimes it leads to some dark thoughts. I used to have problems with depression when I was younger but life was harder then. I had more problems and fewer solutions. Now I'm more or less on top of things and in control of my life. So there's less stress no depression...But there is still that lingering undercurrent of uncertainty and anxiety. There is still that sense that I don't know what to do I'm alone and without any support and the weight of all the uncertainties of life. ..When I had my worst phase of depression suicidal images entered my mind fairly regularly and the most common time was when I was lying in bed trying to go to sleep. I saw them every night. ..Now my life is fine. But those images are coming back. When I was drinking I sort of became numb to stuff. Sure you get the shame the comes with drinking. You aren't proud of yourself. But you're too distant from your thoughts. ..Now that I'm sober those thoughts have come back even though life is okay and i'm not depressed. The suicidal images kind of run through behind my eyes when i close my eyes to go to sleep like a pop-up GIF advertisement that runs on loop and I can't X off even though i don't want to see it...I don't know what the solution is. I think that this might just be how life is for me. Someone in another thread commented to me that I need to figure out what it was that got me hooked on drinking to begin with. I think I've figured it out. ..I don't have any question that I would have relapsed already if I hadn't gotten the Esperal. The fact that drinking is impossible is what is keeping me sober. Logically I realize that the benefits of sobriety outweigh the pleasure you get from drinking. For me the biggest one isn't even health. Its' the fact that it's hard to stay thin and fit with all the calories from drinking. Being attractive being desirable affects your happiness a lot. I'd rather be sober and look good than be drunk and not look good. ..But I don't know what the hell to do about these dark thoughts. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to this. I believe I have undiagnosed ocd. I use to drown it out with alcohol. Repetitive and obsessive thoughts that loop in my head arranging things so they are "just right". Anxiety etc.  Now that im not drinking these behaviours are back and are hitting me hard. I know that I could probably benefit from speaking with a professional. As the fog is clearing the longer I go without drinking I feel like I can start to put a plan in place to incorporate some healthier habits to help with the anxiety like meditation and exercise. 
Sometimes I can't control what my mind shows me.  I do however get to choose whether to act on it...All the emotions I numbed and repressed with alcohol didn't go away they were just suppressed.  Removing the alcohol let's them flood back from behind the dam...What really helped was getting to the root causes such as pride fear resentment and guilt.  There are great tools and counseling and working the Steps are helpful...Tried that?
Have you considered seeing a psychologist? If this an option for you you might want to investigate and have a consultation..I have personally found it to be very helpful to try and uncover and cope with my emotions that I was trying to avoid by numbing myself with alcohol.  Best of luck to you.
I have the same pattern as you suicide ideation increased after I stopped.  I also had it bad when I was in my massive depression a few years ago.  It's unsettling for sure.  It might just be something I have to live with but I suspect that now that I'm not trying to kill myself with alcohol that my emotions are looking for another outlet...I'm seeing a new counselor this week and wondering if you have the opportunity to see someone too.  I tell myself 'It's just a thought and a feeling it's not something I'm going to act on'  I acknowledge it and try to move on.  My brain is still healing from years of abuse and maybe yours is too.  It's a remarkably elastic organ but it does take time to get the new neural pathways worked out...I appreciate you taking the time to share.  You are a valuable part of this community and I am interested in your story.
[removed]
