-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wmj8w/shame_and_posting/

Although it's still early days in my sobriety and I have much to learn I feel strongly that I should try and give back to the community that has helped me so much. I've been reading SD for a year now but I've only just started posting. I know that I have benefitted by hearing from people at all stages in the sobriety process including people who are honest about their struggles despite little success and people who are only just starting out so what's been stopping me? ..I think the answer is shame.  For me there is a huge amount of shame associated with being an alcoholic and a mom to 2 young kids.  And although I realise my account is largely anonymous I feel very exposed when I post. It seems to make the degree of my problem real it isn't easy to pretend it is less bad or non-existent when I see my posts.  I haven't admitted the severity of my problem with alcohol to anyone outside of online friends. So every time I post something it becomes real for me. (My husband and I have little extended family and we have moved a great deal in the last ten years for work reasons so we don't have close friends around that can help us with childcare.  He works very long days so the vast majority of childcare is my responsibility and consequently rehab detox and any sort of recovery meeting which requires attendance in any form other than online isn't an option for me until the kids are old enough to start school)..So I've realised that I need to force myself to post both to give back to the community AND to help myself be honest and face the reality of my addiction.  One of my greatest fears is that as time goes on I will convince myself that I was never that bad and that I can go back to drinking..
----------immediate responses--------

Shame was very bad for me. It was what sent me to alcoholism so beating those feelings of shame could help you a lot. I had the help of a therapist to stop the shame then it cleared the path for sobriety.
You are among friends here. I feel that in real life I don't have anyone who really gets it. Here I feel I am among people who understand me and with whom I do not have to feel shame. I hope you are able to find support in this community because you deserve it.
I think this is a very important thing to share. I agree posting has a dual purpose. I was able to be honest with myself about the things I was going through and at the same time hopefully share something that could help another struggling person in this amazing online community. ..Thanks for being here with us :) 
Im a mother to two teens and a toddler. I have great shame knowing that my older children have witnessed my addiction and will remember it. But I also find comfort in the fact that as long as I choose not to drink my 2 yr old will never have to. I use myself as an example when I talk to my kids about drinking and doing drugs. Theyre at that age and it's incredibly important. I tell them to take it seriously considering it is hereditary. I can only live in there here and now and be the best mom I can for today and today I will not drink. Good luck mama. This too shall pass...Edited: for massive typos
I applaud you for coming here for wanting to stop drinking and be a good role model for your children. That takes a lot of courage and you're doing it! I'd keep hanging out here; we can learn from each other - without shame. 
I feel that posting on here and reading other people's experiences helps me come to terms with the fact that my problems are not that uncommon. It also helps me develop a way if thinking and speaking about my relationship with alcohol that is honest and doesn't simplify it into something as simple as 'I'm an alcoholic'. I still haven't found a good indisputable definition of that term - which is wierd becUse there is so much stigma associated with it.... Years ago I tried to tell me family that I thought I was an alcoholic and they kind of brushed it off and told me I didn't have that big of a problem. This wasn't that useful because I DID have a problem but I couldn't talk about it. Now I can say to others (as I did with a friend yesterday) that I have been using alcohol to regulate my emotions and found that I don't develop much as a person when I drink. People can understand this and are more willing to talk about it on this level.... So all of this might not be relevant but there's no shame in posting talking asking for help/advice or just venting here. It's a safe place! 
I have a lot of shame related to my alcohol use but the worst of it by far centers around mistreating and neglecting my daughter not to mention demonstrating to her that alcoholic drinking is just a normal part of life. It's helped me immensely to read other moms' stories on this board and to know that I'm not alone - and neither are you. Shame gets me nowhere. I just have to move forward and have faith that in time I can repair the damage that I've done and be the best mom I can possibly be. She's also in therapy...You're giving your kids a wonderful gift in your decision to stop drinking. I hope you're able to overcome this - I know it sucks. :(
