-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wrekn/ups_and_downs_steps_and_missteps_loneliness/

Long-time lurker here but haven't ever posted. Today feels like a good day to break that seal. At a year and 8 months sober I've developed a pretty decent radar for when the pressure build-up in my head and heart needs release and it'll be hours before I can attend a meeting...I got divorced June 29 after a one and a half year separation. On Thursday my first romantic relationship since my ex-wife and I parted ways came to an end. On Friday I received a call that my ex brother-in-law who is still one of my closest friends is in the ICU in a coma fighting for his life after a motorcycle accident...I am feeling so much right now. I'm so sad for my friend so afraid for him and feeling so much compassion for his family who I truly love and am estranged from due to the divorce and the destructive choices made during my addiction and during the first awkward steps and missteps in early sobriety. I want to be there for him and for them and I'm not welcome and I cannot selfishly interject myself into this situation without making harder for them. After analyzing my intentions I know that my desire to show up is not just about being there for him. It's also about my own redemption and reconciliation with people I miss so dearly. Because of that I've made the choice to stay away...But I am devastated for my friend. I am afraid. And I feel so powerfully lonely. Regrets that I thought I had long since processed and released have surged inside me. Memories of the countless compulsions and decisions to drink or to disappear from my marriage in so many other ways. The ripple effect that had on the lives of those around me. The relationships I lost maybe forever and how the loss of them has culminated now in being unable to stand by the side of one of my best friends in this world and simply say "I am here for you." Of being unable to hold my wife as her brother my friend fights for his life...I have a good life and I am so lucky and so grateful to be sober. But I have never wanted to be able to change the past more than I do now. Today I'm clinging to a sometimes tenuous faith that if I keep doing the right thing it will continue to get better. Clinging to acceptance that I cannot undo what has been done...But today I miss my ex-wife. Today I miss my ex-inlaws. I miss my friend and I am afraid for him. I'm lonely. I'm sad and I'm filling the gap between waking up and missing them and missing them at a meeting later by missing them here...I'm also feeling powerful gratitude that the man I am now because of my sobriety and because of AA can feel anything this deeply. The fact that this feels the way it is supposed to feel is a miracle as is the fact that I don't want a drink...Grief still feels like new ground though and today I'm struggling to stay upright after a really rough few days.
----------immediate responses--------

my badge doesn't quite reflect how long i've been sober and i'd just say how much worse would things be with alcohol? ..for me that helps keep my sobriety in perspective. i picture all the things leading up to a given incident the incident moment itself and everything afterward. then i combine all that with how i've been at times because of alcohol and i just think man i'm glad i'm sober right now. obviously you've achieved that for yourself. it shows how much you've accomplished not craving a drink..so it sucks to hear things are the way they are for you and your mate but it's darn good you're sober and can handle this crisis with a clear competent mind. as well maybe it helps one realize you're not totally alone..i hope things work out as well as they can and you can always express yourself here however that helps..have a better day
[removed]
So sorry for your grief and sadness.  You are showing great emotional maturity in your decisions today and you will not regret having compassion for those lost relationships with people you love and who once loved you.  I weep for you today and I will not drink.
This is an awful lot to endure regardless of any length of sobriety. I can't imagine how torn you must be - it sounds so difficult. If it's any consolation I think it's amazing that you're feeling the gratitude right now and that you're making sound decisions...I'm keeping you and your brother in law and family in my thoughts and hoping that things get better. I also hope the meeting helps. Please come to SD whenever you can even if just to vent and also please let us know how it's going. Stay strong :).
