-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wrjyj/so_happy_i_wanted_to_share_my_joy/

Here's some quick backstory.....About a month ago wife and I have some honest talk where she confesses she's bothered by the time I spend on SD. I disagree but am not dismissing feelings so for her sake I said I'd take a break with the understanding that I get to maintain the Daily Check-in and dive back in if sobriety gets hard. Deal.  I could have and probably should have written a post but at the time felt that was egotistical so told Mods (sorry about that ya'll) and pulled the Irish Goodbye instead. Then I saw u/Snake_Oil_LLC's post at the DCI this am and was like "Man. he's right. So right."     ..That's about it in case anyone was wondering that's me - no fallout no relapse nothing bad in fact I've had something awesome - which is the point of my breaking radio silence w/this post.      ..Those of you who have seen my comments and other posts know that I sometimes mention a dream of mine was to be able to restore a car. My wife knew this; we actually bonded on first date talking about dream cars. She has always supported me being able to indulge this endeavor but the big issue of NO money and NO garage meant NOT happening. And definitely a no-go as a drunk.           ..We moved last summer and I was talking yay! have garage maybe I'll get a project car. Well still had the issue of NO money. Because I have zero idea how to restore a car. I'd have to find something that wasn't a complete basket case. My thought is I'm about 3-5 years off from this goal because what I'm looking for will require 10k at least and probably from out of state shipping fees inspections appraisals tax title etc yadda yadda yadda       ..I'm browsing ebay craigslist etc as a hobby for past few years to gauge market condition set expectations right? Randomly this car pops up for $3500. Locally. I mention to wife she says go look at it I do and I want. Discuss w/wife and she (being less money stingy than me) keeps egging me on to buy it. After weeks of hemming and hawing and her saying "you're gonna lose it..." I did. For a haggled down price lol.     ..[8 month progress pic me and my 1972 Dodge Demon](http://i.imgur.com/OUca8YU.jpg)   ..Oh. My. God.     .The body is straight. Minimal surface rust. Frame rails have zero issues. Mechanically it's sound - needs carb rebuild and replace manifold gaskets. Seriously this thing looks garage kept. Please look past the superficial. I need to hit a pick'n'pull for a front valance and already found a basic hammer & dolly set to work on those body panel dings. Trust me this thing is unbelievably solid. And a Demon! It's my #2 on list of classic cars to own. They only made about 110k of these for two years in '71 & '72 before Moral Majority raised a big enough stink about model name and they pulled it (rebranded to the Dodge Dart Sport for '73-'76). So great condition car that's unique.    ...Aaaaaaand to steal from Slipacre...the Preachy Bit!     ..> Drinking turned daydreams into pipedreams - OspreySoaring         ..Less than a year ago I was circling the drain; dreaming about what I wanted or needed w/out *ever* being able to work towards them. I cleaned up and flew straight and BOOM!       ..> Sobriety delivers everything Alcohol promised - AA aphorism     ..Here's hoping everyone is having a great Monday!    
----------immediate responses--------

Wow OS!  This is fab!  BTW what was your #1 choice?
looking good congrats!.that car is my fave color
That's a great project car. Congratulations. Hope you'll post another progress pic of the Demon down the road. Good luck.
Oh this is a great post thank you so much!  You were 'round quite a bit when I started lurking so glad to see this!!  Very inspiring as usual :)
Great to hear from you glad to hear you're enjoying life and that sounds like a great interest to pursue! 
Awesome post! Thank you I learned something today I had never heard of the Dodge Demon until today. Very cool car. Updates and progress pictures please!
Sweet project--love love the '70s classic muscle cars!  Does it have the 340 V8 or the slant-6?  Looking forward to future posts on your progress.  As I'm typing this feeling the bondo body filler under my nails &amp; the curve of sandpaper in my palm.  My husband and I did a full body off restoration of our '70 Triumph GT6 a few years ago and we have all the parts to build a '76 Spit-6 (Spitfire with a GT6 engine) -- unfortunately the 'joy &amp; agony' of a project of that scope as well as the smell of bondo would be too much of a drinking trigger for me now so I'm going to need more sober time before we start that project...You go Osprey -- Enjoy Enjoy!
I am not one for cars car pics restorations etc. I have no idea how a car even works basically. You put gas in it... But even I must admit the sheer radicalness of this picture. You sir are clearly a very cool customer. Well done! 
It's so good to see you and your car!  I'm a bit of a old car fan and I have never heard of the Dodge Demon.  My high school boyfriend had a Dart but I don't know what year.  Have an absolute blast with this -- what a great focus!
Mate the car looks wicked I'd love to have a go at a restoration project one day! Seriously I have proper man-envy! I'd love to see the project unfold if you take pictures along the way. This is like a physical manifestation of your continuing victory over booze. You aught to spray it up like the SD Demon or something. Love it. Well done mate.
So good to hear from you and to know you are living the dream! Thanks for sharing and for being an inspiration. Time for me to start making my dreams come true...!!
Niiice....I love muscle cars but would have no idea where to start.  Way to go chasing down that dream!!  My dad had a 1967 Pontiac LeMans.  I got to drive it once as a teenager and that rumble just about made me faint with joy...Have a blast!!  Nice to see you on here again.
Sweet!
Car's looking pretty sweet man :) Very glad to hear from you again! I too had taken a decently long leave of absence so-to-speak from this place. Totally understandable. Can't wait to see the pics of that thing rockin' :)
Yay Osprey!! Super happy to hear everything is well and looks like a hell of a ride. Keep us updated on the progress!..[\o/](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWHniL8MyMM)
Hey good to see ya Osprey! Thanks for sharing this - the pic is awesome! I'm so glad that you're happy and fulfilling this dream. Hope to see the update pic's :).
Happy to see you happy and hear that all is well! Your wife is probably loving the extra time with you too. Win win!!..Have a great Monday too!
Thanks for the post as I found it inspirational. Congrats on all your sober success and on the project car. Sounds like you have a cool wife as well. 
Glad to see you here! Very cool car. Enjoy it in good health 
That is a sweet ride. Congrats!
Happy for you OS that you are doing so well.  Keep up the good work. 
