-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ww7ug/493_days_sober_and_i_still_miss_it/

I quit not because I was already ruining my life but because I saw the path I was on. I had seen an ex descend into alcoholism. I watched my father as a child and knew what it looked like. And I knew what I was doing. I had a consumption problem. I do this with everything really: I throw myself into every endeavor with all my body and soul whether it's running (leading to injury and exhaustion) making things (leaving me with a house full of amateur crap I can't bring myself to throw away) work (leaving me stuck working late hours and over the weekends). Drinking was not an exception. No point in opening a bottle of wine or gin of I wasn't going to get at least a little bit wasted. I was divorcing my alcoholic ex. Dating someone new who encouraged me to do what I wanted for once. And I wanted to drink goddammit. I couldn't exist in my own head for long periods of time. I needed to numb the stress. I needed to have something to look forward to every day. I worried I was already an alcoholic but I wasn't yet struggling at work (except being really really tired and out of it in the mornings) and I never drank in front of my kids - only after they went to bed. I didn't go out drinking and if I was out of booze I didn't panic - I just made a mental note to pick some up next time I was out. By all appearances I was handling it fine. I looked like a "responsible drinker". And I was HILARIOUS when I drank. People loved drinking with me. I wrote poetry and short stories when I drank. I don't write anymore (except political rants on Facebook). I was everybody's favorite drinking buddy. ..But I realized shortly after I got remarried and passed out on my wedding night before I could get around to the final you know festivities that if I kept doing what I was doing and got to the point where I absolutely HAD to quit it would be a lot harder in five years. So I nipped it in the bud. My new husband quit with me in solidarity which I was neither expecting nor even wanted. I hate to think what his friends think of me - he marries this new chick and suddenly becomes a boring teetotaler. He swears he's happier without drinking. And so am I usually. ..What I didn't do and have still failed to do entirely is find some way to handle stress without it. For 493 days I've felt every minute of the stress - continued legal battles with my abusive alcoholic ex over visitation serious problems with my extended family leading to a choice to go no contact with my parents working in a very stressful industry dealing with my kids growing up. I attend weddings where I can't toast the bride and groom with champagne. I am the honorary designated driver at New Years (at least my coke and lime is usually free). I don't go to certain outings with friends. I miss out on the many many craft beer festivals in my area that I used to love. I live in Texas where drinking is part of the culture. I can't go to bar trivia anymore (I actually got asked to order or leave once while there with a group of friends because they considered sobriety an unfair advantage). ..Then there's just *missing* it. I see a new delicious beer in the grocery store and I literally salivate. My local big box store has free wine samples every weekend and SURELY just one tiny little plastic cup couldn't hurt. But I don't do it because I do everything hard throwing my body and soul into it even quitting. ..I go to big networking events for work and get told "I'll get you a glass of wine" even after I say no. I have to tell people work people quietly that I do not drink because I am an alcoholic. That's the only way they stop bringing me drinks. Nobody ever just takes "no thank you" for an answer - they just think I'm trying to be "good" when really I'm just trying to not have to reset my app. ..I miss it so much. I feel everything. I wish there was literally anything I could do anything I could drink or swallow that would make me not feel so much all the time. Sometimes I want to NOT feel just for a while. I can't do drugs (even cannabis) because I hate them and also because of random drug testing at work. I can't have strong painkillers or sleep aids in my house because when I do I abuse them. It's hard. I have trouble sleeping sometimes. Politics too right now make me wish I could just be drunk until November. ..Some of you here have been sober for way longer than me. What do you do? Do you just get used to feeling everything all the time?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. Your details are different but the gist of what you're saying is painfully true to me too. I miss it. ..I thought that quitting was going to actually "cure" me (or at least ameliorate it significantly) of my depression and my anxiety both horrible. It hasn't. At all. Not yet...I know you wanted someone to post here with an answer. May I simply crawl in here with you and say "me too"? Most of the time I see people saying "I'll not drink with you today". I suppose this is similar. I'd like to join you in this painful moment...I guess alcohol is that lover that rejected me over and over again while I kept going back to her for more. I finally kicked her to the curb. But I still want her. ..Thank you for sharing. May we both find some peace..-punnyboy..(quickly edited for clarity)
Thank you for the honesty of your post. Someone else recently wrote on this site that sobriety wasn't proving to be all that great for him. He said in essence that a lot of people on this site sound like they've won the lottery but that he just wasn't feeling it. I think it's important to acknowledge that while sobriety is wonderful in many ways it's normal to feel moments of nostalgia. I tell myself that if drinking hadn't had its fun moments I wouldn't have developed such a problem with it. And I have come to see the problem of having to feel everything all the time one of the greatest challenges of sobriety. I am still figuring out how to do it. I'm sorry I have little to offer here except to say that I totally get where you're coming from.
This is me.  I'm OK after a few days after drinking but the bug hits me after about a week.  I'm in Texas too.  Stressful job check.  Kids check.  I have a lot of pride so I finally joined AA a couple of weeks back and am attending twice a week.  I traveled for work last week.  Went to dinner two nights with co-workers -- I was OK the first night but couldn't handle the second so I reset.  It sucks.  I'm only at 5 days sober now...In any event 493 is a huge deal.  I dream of reaching that.  You're a great example to follow realize that.  You're probably stronger than you give yourself credit for.  I won't drink with you today.  Thanks for letting me know that someone who has the same thought process and me can go as long as you have.  Don't break it.  You're too strong at this point.  
I'm not one to advise as I have no idea what 493 consecutive days is like but it seems to me you could benefit from meditation. 
I know I am and addict. It's how I am wired. I just accept that I do not drink. Life's better this way. That's just the way it is. The other alternatives are worse. 
I can feel where you're coming from. I had some great times being the life of the party making people laugh until they cried dancing my ass off. U/sfgirlmary said it right - we have to feel everything all the time now and it's one of the greatest challenges. Back then I wasn't feeling anything. Life was one big constant party every single day and night. Now I'm taking the feelings as they come..some great some OK some..not so good. ..In any case thanks for posting this. It's good to know that we're not always alone in our thoughts :). Congrats on 493!
Holy crap this resonates so much with me. I feel like I used to write so much more go out more be the life and zest of the party. ..But I really wish I could've caught myself early the way you did. I would have had so much less guilt and shame and regret. My liver would've thanked me. ..I've had to really do a lot of rewiring in my brain with regard to my identity. I've had to radically accept that I had an amazing time with booze but that ship has sailed. I kind of look at booze as a friend who has passed on and I think it's ok and normal to grieve that passing. I've been trying to make something out of the void it's left and the thing that's helped the most is mindfulness practice. And coloring books. And gol dern it friggin Pok mon Go. It will never be the same but nothing ever is. I know that the long term effects of booze would take everything from me eventually. Congrats on getting this far. And thanks for your honest post.
I'm not one to talk since I just reset this weekend and have never approached 493.  I can tell you about one thing that has helped with the stress and provides me with a "high".  Hear me out here...running.  After a long day even a short mild run helps immensely with stress burn off.  And an hour or two after that run I get a noticeable "runner's high".  My body suddenly becomes extremely relaxed and my head get's a rush of endorphin.  It's probably the best kind of natural high you can get and it only encourages you to run more.  The best part is that after a run my body/head tends to NOT crave booze.  Of course the work/family schedule can make running difficult.  But for me it is an integral part of my recovery.
What I hear is that you're having trouble with acceptance. I was lucky I guess because I was seriously physically addicted. Learning about alcoholism helped me understand that I have the disease and am convinced that if I drink again all my misery will eventually return. I did not know how to build a happy sober life but therapy and AA gave me the tools. I never forget what happened when I drank and am grateful everyday for the freedom of recovery. ..It sounds like you could use more support. What about seeing a psychiatrist for a depression evaluation?
Hello and great job reaching out...It was probably around 20 months in that I realized I hadn't thought about drinking in quite some time.   Up until that point I often felt as you do....However I did more than simply stop drinking.   I knew that I used alcohol as a tool to manage or enhance much of my life: unpleasant feelings stress fatigue social situations etc....Cutting it out left me without my coping mechanisms which was very difficult.  .What helped me was working an AA program with my sponsor weekly therapy and a general healthier approach to my life.   Exercise to relive stress and adopting sober hobbies for example....I also relentlessly played the tape forward often several times a day whenever I would romanticize my drinking past....Yes it was nice to raise a glass to toast a marriage.  But follow the train of thought through to dancing two fisted and acting like a drunken fool only to wake feeling like death. And the nostalgia soon dissipates.  ...Accepting a glass of wine from a coworker was nice.  But then sneaking drink after drink without my colleges noticing and trying to keep it together until I could escape and get obliterated on my own was awful....I still get the occasional pang.  But they're fleeting now.  The only thing they illicit is a wry smile.  And a flood of gratitude for all I have achieved these past 3 years..
Not much to say here. Just to let you know I really enjoyed reading this post. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for posting. I am just starting on my path and this really resonated with me. 
Life happens to me in all its glory wonder and terror without my regard. Booze and drugs called to me like a siren song called ships to destroy themselves on rocky shoals. I protect my sobriety and my stress with support like AA yoga meditation exercise healthy living self-help. If I can stay present and not obsess over the past or future or others and make it this 24 today was a good day.
Eliminating alcohol from my life only gave me the opportunity to deal with the underlying issues (fear anxiety depression).  And sometimes those feelings of loneliness and despair are so strong.  I think most of us can relate.  Alcohol was a solution to those feelings until it became the problem.  My sobriety did not cure or change the underlying emotions it only allowed me to deal with them.  ..Getting sober was step 1 for me not the final step.  It was a road block in the way of working on myself.  I have used counseling support groups (SMART) developed new hobbies pursued new goals meditated.  All with the goal of slowly chipping away at those core issues.  It's why I keep coming back to SMART and this subreddit.  Not because I deal with urges/cravings but because it helps me discover myself and make changes to be the person I want to be.  Helping others is rewarding.  Getting outside of our own heads and problems is priceless.  ..I wish you the best of luck.  If I had one thing to say it would be that sobriety is not the end goal it's the beginning of a new one.
You can't solve a problem with a problem.  When things get ugh or stressful. Tie a not in a rope and hold on tight. We will die alcoholics.  That doesn't mean we need alcohol for help though. Wev all tried and it didn't ever work. Remember that. You seem strikingly similar to me. 
I second everything everone has said here. Someone earlier mentioned earlier that it sounds to me like the biggest struggle you have going on at the moment is acceptance. Do you have a big book? I believe it is free online or super cheap on kindle. Any time I feel like you do I read he chapter on acceptance (starting around page 410 I believe). I dont always feel like sunshine and rainbows after but I always feel at least a little better. It helps me remember that my serenity is inversely related to my expectations. ..Also since you seem to be missing the good parts of your drinking days (which we all had them) how about making a gratitude list? Like with pen and paper write out every reason your thankful to be sober today. Like not having to take care of your kids hungover even small stuff like being able to wash your face and brush your teeth last night instead of passing out and going to sleep. Again doesnt always cure my mood but the list gets longer and longer as I write out every small thing and it helps me keep in perspective why I am sober. ..Thank you for sharing! 
I have found acceptance to be really helpful. I can drink but with it come the negatives. Which greatly outway the positives. There's nothing I can do to change that. So I don't drink. Simple as that. The more I remind myself of that and view my driving in an accurate light the less I struggle or reminisce. Anything else is an exercise in futility. This is all easier said than done but it comes with practice. I literally practice it. I'd I think of how awesome done aspect of drinkng was  I spend an equal or greater time thinking about the negatives try to think of it objectively and accurately. I remember that the negatives outweigh the positives and accept it.  In the wise words of macho man Randy savage :.http://i.imgur.com/y9I8672.gif]
I live in Texas now as well and I understand the culture thing here.  Guns and alcohol.  If you don't have one you better have the other...It's rough out here.
[deleted]
You sound exactly like me...except I'm only on day 10 lol
Pressuring women to drink to the point of needing to explain yourself is disgusting
Hey - thank you for this. I sometimes have those times where I miss it. I loved everything about wine. I loved buying it looking at bottles in my home nice crystal and the color of wine in the crystal. I was good at drinking it but I've decided I want other things that I can't have if I drink...**Be kind to yourself.** That's the biggest lesson I've learned since I quit. It sounds like you have had a lot going on in addition to stopping drinking. There will be moments when not drinking feels like the greatest accomplishment and there will be times when you want to beat yourself up over not being able to drink when you want to. Take the middle path and be easy on yourself in those times we're all human...Keep up the hard work it's worth it!
Have you tried meditation? Insight timer is a great app.
Hey there. Have you spoken to someone? It seems like you need a different coping mechanism asap before you relapse. You sound like someone who broke their leg tossed away the crutch but never healed enough to walk properly.
I haven't had a drink for over 25 years and I miss it every day. I don't think this craving will ever go away at least for me. What keeps me from drinking is a simple calculation. How would my life change if I went back to drinking? Would all that I would lose be worth the little bit of what ever it is that is satisfied by me consuming alcohol? As long as the answer is that the gains would not be worth the cost I don't drink. ..This probably isn't a workable way of doing it for everyone but it has worked for me for a long time. The takeaway here is that you need to find a way to make it work for you.
I'm at about 1233 days right now. I've accepted that I can't drink anymore but I miss it too. I get those same feelings.. See a new beer and salivate go to an event with my girlfriend and everyone is drinking except me... Drives me crazy sometimes. I recently picked up smoking again (had quit for about a year) because it's like everyone has this outlet but me. It's fucking unfair. At least that's how it feels sometimes. ..Shit I know it's not unfair. The flip side is that I can drink if I want. I could. And then I COULD lose my kids I COULD pass out in random places again and I COULD have fights with everyone when I'm withdrawing from not having any alcohol in my system. Idk.. It sucks ass not enjoying a beer or two on occasion but it sucks way more to be feeling that shitty again all of the time. ..Keep your head up man. I feel you I wish I could enjoy it again too. I miss the "good times" too. 
Dozens of great replys on here already.  ..The issue is our racing minds at least for me...The booze takes us away from that as can other drugs for awhile..But there is a price and the price goes up as time goes on. ..What has helped me is meditation.  It has helped calm my zillion thoughts and feelings screaming through my brain...I'm sure you've heard this before and either have tried already or don't want to or can't imagine doing it...There are many scientific studies now showing that the brain chemicals and hormones  including cortisol the stress hormone are all affected by meditation.  As little as 10 minutes a day makes a difference...If you have a smart phone and are willing to try it download the headspace app.  It's free for the 1st several packages which is more than enough to get you started...10 min a day for 2 weeks i dare you. 
I needed a support group in my case AA to reassure me and tell me why I was feeling the way I did. 
