-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x1pke/day_10_after_a_binge_serious_cravings/

I relapsed 2 weeks ago and drank for 3 days.  I managed to sober up and then I had withdrawals and gout for a week. It's now been 10 days. My withdrawals are away and my gout is gone.  My brain is starting to clear but now all I want to do is go to the pub for a drink!! I've been here before and I know after a couple of weeks the cravings will go away.  Just thought I would post this.  Trying to keep sober and busy.  Can anyone relate?  
----------immediate responses--------

The cravings will go away. I was starting to get gout in my big toe. Thanks for reminding me of that. For some reason I forget some of the bad side effects of drinking. Maybe because there are so many.
I can relate...Around about the 2 week point was the bit where I was far enough away to start feeling so much better and that 'just one can't hurt'. I found that the daily check in was a big saviour for me as I only promise to not drink one day at a time. I don't know what kind of witchcraft it is but it works...Just for today I will not drink with you.
I relate completely. ..I am craving quite a bit in the last 2 days. ..My evil thoughts have progressed from " No one will know I can get away with it" to " Fuck them all I want a drink and I don't care"..But I will not drink I refuse to do this all over again. 
You've gotten through 10 days - what I would do is to remember how bad the WD and gout was; the pain insomnia sweats stomach issues. Perhaps that will kick your alcoholic brain's ass and not want to go back to the pub lol?! The cravings go away and you're almost there. So just try to keep posting reading whatever you need to do. We're here :).
I can relate. Even up to just half an hour ago. I just keep reminding myself the craving WILL pass. I'll keep busy and distract myself (this does get easier with time for me) and keep to dry places! 
Well I did not drink and here I am on a Friday in my bed at 11.30 reading my book. I'm looking forward to waking up fresh and sober tomorrow.  It's been nearly 2 weeks now and I am still craving a beer.  I had to drop out of college last year because of my drinking and I have enrolled again to start next week.  This is keeping me motivated because in 10 months time I will have a qualification and be able to get the job I want and start my new successful sober life.  I hate the town i live in.  Everyone knows me as a drunk and all my associates are drinkers and I want to move away. This qualification will allow me to start a fresh away from my drinking past. I can't wait to move. Only 10 months to go.  Enjoy your fresh weekend guys. 
