-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x2ps2/bye_bye_brain_fog/

I'm so excited you guys. ..At about 5 months into this journey I am finally able to think focus and get stuff done at work. ..While I had experienced plenty of positive side effects of ditching the booze (better sleep weight loss money spent on more fun things) it has been the typical roller coaster. I discovered a few emotional land mines that I'd buried and forgotten. I'm working through them and re-learning what it means to actually feel (it SUCKS sometimes but it's what being a person is all about apparently). ..Drinking is so often a procrastination; a refusal to look at our often painful human experience process it and move on. Well hello void. I see you. ..ANYWAY. One of the biggest struggles was the fact that I still had such a hard time focusing and getting into that "deep work" flow. My brain wanted to go in a million directions at once and I worried I would never be able to sit down and actually work on something. This week something flipped. I feel focused and strong. My vocabulary is returning. I can think through problems instead of seeing them and diving into the panic spiral. ..Meditation apps like Headspace and Calm have helped tremendously as has cutting the mental bullshit and forcing myself to prioritize meditation for just 10 minutes. ..Getting outside getting moving helped too. I finally made it to a yoga class after breaking down the mental barriers between myself and my mat. Fear is not fact I have to remember. ..Just wanted to share my excitement about this development. I hope this focus sticks around and I hope you guys do too. Sobriety kind of rules. Attitude is important...Best. .Rough_Luxe. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm intrigued by these meditation apps? What do they do? 
Oh and congrats on 5 months!!! Wow!       .
Congratulations on five months! I'm skeptical now of my moments of "decreased brain fog" because they seem more like little manic spurts that pass with a day. Do you feel like your focus and clarity stretches longer than that now?
Thanks for this post - it's helpful to hear about your great improvements especially today because I'm experiencing some 'emotions' (what are these?!) and I'm very tempted right now to nip out for a bottle of whiskey.
Congratulations on 5 months! It wasn't fun to meet the voids but better to do this sober and minus the brain fog! Glad you're doing well :).
My brain still has trouble focusing but I'm continuing the good fight. Congrats on your continued success! 
Congratulations Luxe! Well done. :) Also I love Headspace and just recently invested in a subscription. Their SOS meditations are SOOOOOO helpful in a pinch.
Thanks for sharing this is a very motivational post for me. Can't wait until my own attention span recovers.
I'm sober 6 months and it brought me stress. I don't think of myself as a mediation guy but I have to at least try it. Most people seem to have great results with it and I'm sure it can help to calm the stress alarm.
Truer words have never been spoken! I just crossed three months also meditating from day one. I use insight timer and it's helped me a lot! I'm more creative than I have ever been in my life and getting things done. I lost a few friends whose only activity in life was to watch sports and drink beer in pubs. I don't miss them. Keep up the good work!
Congrats on 164 days I'm glad the mental fog turned around for you! I'm really hoping that happens for me soon... Months 1-3 seemed ok but since then I've had the worst trouble of my life focusing and getting things done. Glad to hear you've had some success with meditation apps I'm going to check those out. Thanks for the post!!
&gt; Sobriety kind of rules...Pretty much! Congrats on the return of brain function. It's scary what we put ourselves through before. 
