-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x7ljy/at_day_5_now_fog_is_really_lifting/

Hello all. Sorry if I'm posting too often but it's been really helpful to put down my thoughts and share. I'm pretty sure I would logic myself into drinking "just on or two" if I didn't. .I had a bad struggle yesterday. I went home with plans to do some more yard work but didn't have the energy or will power to get out in this 103 degree weather. That's not to say I don't have more energy than being hungover all the time just that it sucks being out in that heat when humidity is over 90%. But since I decided not to do that I had no backup plan. So I just sat watching tv all evening. Every idea or person I talked to on the phone I knew would lead to grabbing a quick beer. I was bored and a little depressed to be doing nothing. I got really close to wavering. But I held firm. Woke up extra early today. Got some chores done. Played with my pet pig. And had breakfast with my grandmother...If you'd have told me at twenty that waking up playing with a pig and eating with my grandma would be seen as a huge accomplishment by me I would've laughed. But it's been so long since I've been a normal person (okay a dog would probably be more normal than a pig) that doing normal things seems extraordinary to me..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on holding strong. ..I sometimes worry about posting too often but I think this place is a resource we should use as often as we want. ..That pig sounds cute! 
I don't think you can post too much in this place. We're all here for the same thing  . It's amazing to see how much a few days can make a difference. Keep it up man 
At this stage in your sobriety it is good to stay connected to the community. You can also get into the chat and talk to people. ..Avoiding the things that might lead to even a suggestion of drinking is very smart. ..Stay strong and kudos on the five days. Go play with your pig dude. 
I'm a newbie too Poopsidaisical just starting Day 3 of my first attempt at stopping drinking and I too feel the lifting of the fog. It's like my body &amp; brain were pretty much floating in alcohol for years now even though I was functioning quite fine I felt like crap. After this past weekend I could no longer rationalize my previous self-justifications that I had control. I did not. ..Congrats on recognizing the joy in simple pleasures and stay strong!
I'm so glad you posted. I do too every time I want a drink. I will not drink with you today. 
[deleted]
I wanna play with a pig :(
