-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xaux1/two_years_mucho_sober_feeling_good/

Two years. I remember posting my one year anniversary on Facebook. I wasn't prepared for the sense of entitlement that hit me after posting to Facebook. In some twisted way I wanted to drink to celebrate because I deserved it. I think it's much safer for me to only post here and write these words with a sense of humility. Some days are easy. Some days aren't so easy.  .  .I still miss drinking beers with my soccer team after we play a game. I still miss drinking beers when I go camping. All in all the struggle seems a little more tame. It's not on my mind every evening..  .I appreciate the fact that it's felt a like a long time to get to two years. My two year anniversary was on my mind about 2-3 months ago and it felt like the days were just crawling. I like the day counter. It really works for me. It helps me to check in regularly to count my days (like I said it just works for me). I understand that the counter may not work for others the same way it works for me.  .  .I still have a crazy sweet tooth that part hasn't changed.  I seek out donuts ice cream cookies pie etc.  .  .I feel so much more comfortable talking to my kids about alcohol. I don't feel like a hypocrite when I warn them to always have a designated driver. I feel like my advice comes from love and humility instead of preaching. I make mistakes and I am not a perfect person but I am 100% convinced that my kids are learning something good by observing every time I do not drink alcohol.  .  .I caught my dad bragging about me to one of his friends. He mentioned that I was approaching two years of sobriety. He didn't know I overheard him. He was honestly just proud of me. That felt really good. I don't think I'll ever forget that day.  .   .I appreciate all the stories here. I know there's a real person writing each post. I get strength from your words. Please keep talking.
----------immediate responses--------

Also I still have drinking dreams. That has been surprising to me. I thought they would stop after a few months... wrong. Man that sense of guilt and shame during a dream is so strong. I feel so relieved when I wake up and realize I was only dreaming.
Congratulations on two years! Stoked for you!
Awesome! 
Thanks for your story. Good on you for celebrating with us here and not with Old Fermented. I'm coming up on a couple of months sober myself and it feels like a lifetime. Love and humility is what's getting me through. I'm loving the day counter too.
Congratulations on your second anniversary! Thanks for sharing a thoughtful reflection on your first two years of sobriety.
Good for you.  Inspiring.....
This is a lovely testament.  I still miss drinking (and probably always will) and some days are easy and some are hard (and that too will probably always be true). Thank you for sharing and congratulations. 
Congratulations on your continued success! It helps me to hear your story. I just spent my six week summer vacation with my kids. I live and work in another country. They're 15 and 24. I wonder if they noticed or cared I was sober the entire time. My hope is I was a better role model this summer. One noticing I had was how much easier it was spending time with them and not concerning myself with drinking. We just did our thing and alcohol wasn't a factor. My 24 y/o doesn't drink and I've always been proud of her for that. I know I've told her in the past but I should probably tell her again. 
How bad was your drinking before you stopped if you don't mind me asking?
Good job on two years. I felt the same as you. I proved myself right? If alcohol was a problem how could I go two years without it? If anyone deserves a drink it should be me. I overreacted by quitting drinking. Those other people have a problem not me. Life's too short to deny myself a drink. Life's too long... There's no way that I am going to last FOREVER without a drink so I might as well start drinking now. ...I've had all those thoughts before. But there is a big difference between thinking something and doing something. 
Congratulations on 2 years!! Thank you for sharing your wonderful news!! ..&gt;Please keep talking ..Yes yes yes!! We are stronger together x 
Well done to you. One day I'll get there. How old are you? Take a minute and just appreciate how hard the task you have accomplished. Awesome. 
Great post I love this "I am not a perfect person but I am 100% convinced that my kids are learning something good by observing every time I do not drink alcohol. "
That's pretty awesome about your dad being proud. ..What do you say when your kids ask about your sobriety? ..I've been sticking with 'I'm allergic to alcohol.' 
