-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xd9sz/on_the_struggle_bus_this_week_and_probably_beyond/

I am really struggling today.  .   .My wife and her ex are in the middle of a nasty custody battle and he is trying to use my alcoholism as leverage. I was an isolation drinker so thankfully I never yelled at our kids or worse struck them. That doesn't change the fact that he'll use anything he can to paint our home as a dangerous place.  .   .My feelings are a mixed bag. Our attorney advised us my sobriety time coupled with my program (counseling AA SD) make it a non-issue but I still carry a deep sense of pain and shame that my disease was brought into the mess. This has thrown everyone into a heighten level of anxiety and stress. Spoiler alert - I've not traditionally had the best toolbox to handle anxiety and stress so I'm struggling on so many levels.  .   .While I know he is manipulating the situation I feel pain and frustration that he is turning my step child against me. I feel the intended wedge starting to form between my wife and myself. I feel sadness that while I've made great strides it's "too little too late" in this situation. Mainly I feel fear because all of this has and will create chaos and change to a life I've worked so hard to stabilize.  .   .To me this shows just how insidious this disease is - going back to drinking would be the WORST thing in this situation however I can't help but want to crawl back in the bottle for that short duration numbing effect. I've been hitting up meetings once a day again remembering my recovery matrix I posted a few months ago. I have no idea why I'm sharing all this to be perfectly honest. I guess just thank you all for being there. 
----------immediate responses--------

i think this goes beyond alcohol and your fear of having a drink.. the previous statement includes your fear of losing your wife and your current life - which are valid fears I feel for you and I get it...my perspective is you don't have anything to worry about. ..the Ex is being a douche. ..I am also going through a really difficult struggle within family right now and everyone is affected and unfortunately my past and my addiction (now recovering from) is complicating the issue...I hate that. Because I want to be as supportive as I can be but the fact that I'm a recovering alcoholic is complicating things further. On one hand I need to support my wife cheer her up tell her everything will be okay - on the other hand I have to proceed with caution to defend the progress I've made in my recovery...It's such a fine line and I don't know if I'm being insensitive to her or too strict not loving enough. I worry if I'm being selfish. I want to be the best husband I can be and I want to protect the life I've built in the last 17 months. ..though our circumstances are very different I can put myself in your shoes. I feel your pain. ..What I do to stay relaxed though times are difficult currently is just make sure I make time to explore my hobbies - give my mind some chores invest it in hobbies. ..Watch very closely your thoughts and interrupt yourself when you've obsessed over the situation for a few minutes. ..Do -not- overthink things. The "what ifs" the conversations to others in your own head etc etc: these are poisonous thoughts. ..And talk talk talk to your wife communicate and tell her how you feel. No doubt she supports and loves you. it's okay to be angry or frustrated  just vent these thoughts in an adult conversation. ..I hope your day goes better!
Taking a drink would play right into the ex's hand. Staying strong and staying sober is the best thing you can do for yourself your wife and your children. Thanks for sharing your struggle. Even when drinking is behind us it can still be thrown in our faces.
I doubt anything would be more worthy of your wife's love and adoration that staying sober and taking the high road through this entire ordeal. Do the right thing and stay strong.
You are doing the only and best thing you can do. Staying sober. Congrats on that. This fight is not yours and supporting those you love is great work and unselfish. The bottle is just the opposite. But you already know that. Accepting what you can not change is difficult. Good luck. I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
I'm sorry that you're having to go through this. You've tackled your addiction. You have sought out help and done well. Hold your head high and be proud of that...Here's an internet hug for you my man. I will not drink with you today.
Keep your side of it clean!  You are doing great.  Have all the feelings you want just don't take a drink.  If you step back for a second and look at the future after you drink there is nothing in your current situation that will be better.  Nothing...Custody battles are usually ugly and people don't fight fair.  Don't turn around and shoot yourself in the head just because someone is being a jerk.  ..Hang in there.  Be the husband-step father you are meant to be.  The rest will settle out.....
Thank you for sharing this with us.  What a triggering event!  You know the best thing you can do is to stay sober.  To cope how about writing this out and journaling your feelings?  It helps provide a pressure release valve for me when things get too intense and helps me think out the situation.  And exercise!!  Nothing like getting exhausted to help tone down the intense feelings.  I can also mull something over when I am running and sometimes some good nuggets of wisdom just pop up out of nowhere!  Good luck and hang in there.  Let us know how you're doing.
