-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xdjg7/building_fear_of_relapse/

I feel strong and happy in my sobriety and have no desire to actually drink but does anyone else get a looming fear that the longer they are sober the more catastrophic the relapse would be? Whenever I picture relapsing nowadays I picture a sort of Apocalyptic Terminator 2 type scene except instead of robots it's me stumbling around drunk...It kinda scares me so I have some more soda water..
----------immediate responses--------

I've also had the scenario where I fear relapse LESS as time goes on.  That's never ended well for me.  If I had to choose one I'd say your trajectory is the preferred trajectory.  Maybe it means you are doing something right?
No. I believe to a degree we train ourselves (or give ourselves permission) for the kind of relapse we will experience. For me fear actually undermined my motivation to stay sober.
I think a certain amount of fear is healthy. I fear what picking up a bottle will do to me what it will lead to...
Drinking scares the hell out of me. I think being scared of alcohol and drinking is a good thing. ..There's no guarantee that you will get sober again. There's no guarantee that it won't be worse than before. 
I know that drinking again would cause me (and my loved ones) a whole load of pain. It's therefore important to me that I don't - I will remain vigilant I know I'd rather not find out what lies on the other side of the line.
Fear actually helped me stay sober although obsessing about possible relapse is not a good idea. I stayed focused on today. Kudos for 53 days!
The longer I was sober (in the past) I didn't fear relapse.  Let's just say the relapses were pretty freaking fantastically AWFUL ...
I definitely share this... Sometimes no matter how great I feel I think that a horrible relapse is inevitable. I was told that maintaining a healthy fear like this may actually benefit my recovery. All I know is that today I won't drink and today I won't relapse. Happy to join you in that :-)
Thankfully I have no desire to ever drink again so I do not think about relapsing.  Of course it took a lot of time and work to get here.
Yep after reading all of the relapse stories here it always sounds like it is WAY worse than when the poster originally quit.  I cannot handle way worse.  Sobriety sounds f'in' fantastic.
At some point I decided my relapse wouldn't be going back to moderate drinking. It would be a few beers now and then. If I relapse it's going to be a nuclear explosion fuck-it-all destroy everything kind of relapse. This morning I place my worry about relapsing between Google becoming sentient and developing G-800s and thermonuclear war.
Maybe we could reframe it as a "healthy respect" of this drugs' power which is close to fear but more positive and empowering because it is rational...I'm thinking of the same way serious gun enthusiasts or those who know them best (soldiers police etc.) are generally serious as a heart attack about gun safety rules. They always check chamber control the muzzle have strict trigger discipline etc. they are not really afraid of their weapons but are lucid about their power when used carelessly.
Yes I get something like that too. I think there's just more to lose. I drank very heavily and I'm certain it would go from 0-100 in like a day. I'm not constantly thinking about it and I'm actually scared of the idea. And it would risk my relationships that I'm building and rebuilding. I like this David Bowie quote a lot: "I'm an alcoholic so it would be the kiss of death for me to start drinking again" Bowie answers. "My relationships with my friends and family has been so good for so many years now I would not do anything to destroy that again." ..I'm glad you're doing well! Maybe treat yourself to something pleasurable for staying on top of things and being introspective.
