-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xgdmj/the_challenge_i_made_for_myself_and_now_i/

I had accrued several months in sobriety before I fell off the train. I don't know if I was actually any better during those sober months because my docs wanted to pump me full of SSRIs and other stuff which led to a tragic end much like if I had been drinking. So I relapsed in a big way and when I woke up I decided to reach out to you all and to challenge myself to find a better life away from the toxicity of over pushed meds and stay the fuck away from the bottles that are empty at the end with no fulfillment. I worked diligently with my docs to find a med that would balance my anxiety and now comes the challenge I decided to bend myself to my will and to break my body through exercise. I am in control of me and I tell my body to run and lift weights and not let my body say "you can't you need beer you need this or you might have a heart attack!" I challenge you to take the energy you spend obsessed about a drink or whatever ails you and become obsessed with making you a better version of yourself. If you're drinking and reading this please hear my soul cry out to yours! You don't need that shit... it IS poisonous to your mind body and soul! I love you and you can be so much better without it. ..In the last almost 2 weeks I have slimed down and am bulking up. My body is responding wonderfully to this challenge of better health and not just my body but my mind and soul too! I'm happy I'm content and serenity is all around me. So get out there and make your body bend to you and watch yourself bloom and grow in ways you never imagined.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome challenge!  I also found working out to be HUGE in my recovery.  Not only does improving your health make you feel better about yourself but (for me anyway) it has opened up a whole new way to meet like-minded people.  I have slowly found a new group of friends through my gym membership.  It is AMAZING to meet up with others to actually DO SOMETHING not just sit around and get wasted.  Not drinking with you today instead let's go for a run! 
I act my way into better thinking. Exercise is action and many of us make progress in recovery with fitness.
But how do you feel about oreos and almond milk? Cuz...I mean I'm not drinking while I read  this but I'm definitely dunking.
Just what I needed to read. Withdrawing off Lexapro (fun) and back at Day 1 (again) so I physically feel like shit. Exercising is hard when I feel puking and everything aches ... then I moved around today just a little. And I felt a whole lot better. (If only I had kept moving and stayed grateful instead paddling the river of denial ... well I'd be sleeping all cozy instead of babbling at 2 a.m.) Thanks again for the reminder that I have to get off my ass everyday. Aside from everything else recovery-wise (meetings therapy combo) exercise really is an important part of the equation. I forgot I was once a gym rat.... Day 1. Grateful.
Challenge accepted!
