-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xifb4/we_have_a_dumbass_over_here/

Had a relapse. It was my decision to have the first drink - no question about it. I totally succumbed to peer pressure. Do I regret it? Yeah. Even in my deams tonight I regreted it. Did I learn something from i? I won't be so hopeful here - I don't really think theres anything left to learn for me in alcohol...So what happened? Went to a movie went to a club... It had nice atmosphere and I actually thought - it's just day 1 all over again not a tragedy...Well it is not a tragedy but everything I built is back to ground floor. I had five shots total and with every single one I had less fun. With every single one my thoughts became clearly deppresive.  I went to the toilet at one time and a thought bumped into my head - maybe I should just kill myself and be over with it. In totally casual tone. Holy fuck. I used to have these thoughts daily when I drank sobriety gave me a reason to keep on going because it always shows how dedication and discipline can make things better. Also it made me much happier although struggling. Other "funny" thing is how after drinking the first shot my whole persona changed - I started becoming meanier with outhealthy outlook bad ideas and well... That person I hate. One with which I am fighting. And it looks like it is always waiting around the corner. ..I was in a bad mood before I drank yesterday also but nothing like this. Nothing like I feel now. Total day one all over again. The shame the self questioning and wondering - will I ever feel OK again. ..thanks for reading. I will not drink today
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you *completely*. I was served a glass of wine the other night at dinner... One single lousy glass... and not to be rude I nursed it over a big meal. having abstained for so long now I felt it majorly. I wasn't drunk but I was very aware of the alcohol in my system as subtle as it was. I felt it for the rest of the night and as the evening progressed I got more and more negative and touchy and angry and and and... It just drove me into a hole. It was jarring (and appreciated ironically in retrospect) witnessing the painfully clear correlation between my mood/morale and that one dumb glass of wine...Booze messes with your head. Majorly. It's crazy!
Thanks for posting - I needed to read this if only to remind myself how drinking had become not-fun at the time I stopped - just compulsive depressing and shameful. The time you spent not drinking wasn't wasted. Brush yourself off and climb back on that horse. :)..I won't drink with you today.
Hey man..I'm another dumbass I went back to drinking for the last 4 days. So I'm even dumber than you. I had the same thought: it's just day 1 all over again. But seeing now that it took me 4 other days until I could get back to it...I will not drink with you today!
You're not a dumbass you're human. I've had many a reset so I feel you and know how much it hurts. How to stop drinking and live sober has been one of the hardest things I've had to learn and I'm still learning. ..You're back and you're safe and you know what you want stay strong friend you've got this x
I had 333 days when I decided to have a drink while on vacation. I really wanted to make that year mark. The good thing is we're both back. Good luck friend!
You're not a dumbass man. This shit is DIFFICULT. if it wasn't communities like this wouldn't exist. .Don't beat yourself up - you gotta love and respect yourself because you're just human and no one is perfect. ..Try to remember how you're feeling now when the craving comes next time. Cravings pass. It's hard and it sucks and it feels like you're missing out on something fantastic but just do your best!! ..I'm with you and I'm not drinking today either. 
I agree with previous posters.  It happened and really drives home why we are all here.  I have the fear of the just one drink.  I have had those feelings you describe so many times myself-start-feel good-just one-leads to more-wake up feeling shame guilt etc.   in previous attempts.  I am sorry for what you are feeling.  But I can tell you I appreciate your honesty and I needed to read this and it is at least helping me.  So reset and I will not drink today in part because of what you wrote.  
Don't call yourself a dumbass.  You are trying which is in my opinion the really important thing.  You had a set-back but you are going to continue trying.  
It happens. We all do things we regret. ..A therapist of mine told me to ask myself "What is the universe trying to teach me?" ..I'm not religious or even spiritual but the point remains. "What lesson should I be learning?" ..Tough love: why were you in a nightclub? It's rhetorical but worth a thought. To quote an old school AA veteran "If you hang out in barbershops you'll end up with a haircut one day."
i am a newbie - just sober since Thursday for crying out loud so anything i have to say might be completely idiotic but i think... so you're starting again. yay!  let the person you are win the argument with the person you hate.  this has happened to me so many times i can't count them all... the 'its just one' to 'what happened last night' to 'omg i fucking hate myself'... what i learned (thru much dumbass repetition) is that i have no control over alcohol but instead it controls me.  this is the person i am who recognizes the person in me i hate - the addict.  this is why i will not drink today.  this is who i am.  sober. 
It was a slow process. I began to feel there was a problem when I would wake up regretful and depressed trying to figure out how to communicate to the future partying drinking me of the coming evening that this has to stop. Then the partying me of the evening would say to itself..."get over it this is awesome!" as the first drink went down. Bipolar behavior. 
Hey guess what?  While you may not have learned anything *yet* from those five shots aside from the fact that drinking is a great way to roar down the road to suicide you are here today.  You came back.  Presumably you are going to try again to stay sober.  ..No one learns their multiplication tables all at once unless they have an eidetic memory.  You gotta get through the 1x 2x etc before you can learn the 12x and beyond.  Some people for reasons not much understood or studied are able to maintain abstinence on their first try.  The rest of us have to do refreshers and have considerable persistence to absorb the lesson that drinking is not in our best interest...I guess what I'm trying to say is that the learning in this process for me comes gradually and via *going through it.*  You're just going through it and in coming back you are engaging in the process of **stopping drinking.**
You're no more a dumbass than the rest of us. ...Please keep an open mind regarding a recovery program if you continue to struggle on your own.  ...I found it so much easier with a support group I could lean on.  
I had a drink too.......in my dream last night and I am so glad it was only in my dream! Thank you for sharing your experience so that I don't make my dream a reality. I even regretted it in my dream too. ..I will not drink with you today.
Sorry you relapsed. I don't agree that day 1 is guaranteed. And that's a scary thought. 
Thanks for sharing this I'm now more resolved to stay sober.
Be nice to you. It's okay.
I know you say you didn't learn anything but the rest of your post indicates otherwise...You may not have noticed but I believe this relapse made you learn a valuable lesson about staying your course and how quickly things can start to go south...Keep to your path I'm right there with you!
Don't be so hard on yourself. There's nothing to be ashamed of: booze is a tricky bastard. And alcohol did teach you that it takes you to a place you don't want to be...We're all with you here. I'm not drinking with you today.
Thanks for posting...and reminding that it is easy to take that drink somehow rationalize it then oops. But the moment of not drinking again is even better than the relapse. I am now in Second week again it feels good but that idea to drink "is after all just a drink" ...is always there. I am thinking also about self-forgiveness and starting again even if it is many times. I am also an ex-smoker and it took years of stops(some of them long stops) and starts before it was gone forever from my consciousness or desires. I will not drink today.
What thisbewhatihavetosay said...."Be nice to you. It's okay." ..You're doing great. Do great today. Yesterday doesn't exist.
I'm in my infancy as a not drinking person and I can relate. I feel you. I've been struggling with quitting for over two years at least never going more than a day or two. I would congratulate myself for not drinking at lunch and celebrate with twice as many drinks after dinner. But that was before today. .My last drinking episode was on tour four concerts in five nights. With every passing drink I got angrier my thoughts got depressing and anxious about my next drink and I spent the majority of the concerts in line for beer hating myself every moment. I ended up trying to help this man who could not stand up straight or answer questions but he could sing the songs and drink his bud light he clenched so tight to his chest. He ended up being arrested because he was out of his mind drunk and here I was seeing myself in him. He was my spirit animal and I looked at the drink in my hand and hated every cell in my body but dammit I finished that beer that night. .Day one sucks. .But redoing day one again is WAY better than going on another bender. Stay strong and keep the memory of how you felt taking those shots close to you right now. How alcohol activates the worst parts of you and takes over. Thank you for sharing 
Sometimes we just have to remind ourselves why we stopped in the first place. Sounds like you had a good reminder last night. See the positive in it and remember that night for any future episodes.
I relate with this...I'm generally not a very depressive person but the day after I drink a lot well..&gt;I went to the toilet at one time and a thought bumped into my head - maybe I should just kill myself and be over with it...This sort of stuff scares me.
Not drinking with you. My mind dies the same thing when I drink. Need more to feel better but feel just worse. 
Thank you for sharing and glad you're back..
well this can be your last day one! ..on the bright side I often use "we got a badass over here!" sarcastically... thanks for giving me the idea to just say what I mean: "we got a dumbass over here!"..Seriously though there's a solution and we never ever have to drink again :)
Don't beat yourself up too much I did the exact same thing at 18 months and I thought I would never have long term sobriety after that but here I am today sober and happy to stay that way. What's different for me this time is that I experienced having to start on day one again and I remembered what that felt like and I don't have any desire to experience that again. I feel like I had to experience that in order to grow t and get to where I am today in my sobriety. I felt like an idiot because I immediately regretted drinking but I thought I was missing out and so I tested the waters a few times. I would get a few days and drink because I was so remorseful about having to start over. Just take it one day at a time. It's not easy but it's possible. Keep coming back I almost gave up but I gave it one more try and it finally stuck after I found this sub. We are all here for you hang in there it will get better. Peace and good vibes.
