-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xiqwn/i_need_a_reset/

I had a couple of relapses since I originally started to stop drinking.  I have now been sober since Jul 11th and I am starting to feel great again.  I can get to sleep depression and anxiety are super low...the urge to drink is always creeping around but I just have to keep reminding myself that although it seems great at the time it's detrimental to both my mental and physical states.   ..After my first relapse I binged for about 2 weeks - Ended up in the hospital for about 5 hours getting iv's full of saline and niacin as well as a couple other drugs to try and rehydrate me.....swore I'd be sober and that lasted all of 50 hours (insomnia) so I went ahead and started drinking again "to get to sleep". went on a huge binge after that happened and ended up the most depressed I've been since high school.  ..At the end of my binge I decided that I was done for good this time (jul 11) and during my self detox I was stuck with insomnia again for 60 hours before finally getting SOME sleep...  I've been actually breaking the cycle this time as per suggestions from my councilor.  My house was in squalor - inside and out - I contacted my mother during my bout of insomnia to let her know that I had relapsed a couple times (she thought I was still off the sauce) but that I was fully intent on making this change a permanent fixture in my life.  She helped me get started on the cleaning and My house is looking SOOO much better now that I've stopped living like a transient and I acquired a cat from a friend I work with to keep me on my toes with my responsibilities.  All my bills are being paid on time and although money is tight right now I find myself actually worrying a lot less.   ..Every time I come here I don't really know what to say I just string together my thoughts as they're happening so I may get on a tangent - but  yes I need a reset.  I've been sober for over a month now which is a new record for me and I definitely am NOT looking back to drinking as a cure for ANYTHING in the future...I will not drink today.  I will not drink tomorrow.  I will not give up giving up. ..edit:  Here's my cat.  He likes to hide under things http://imgur.com/a/8f2jt   
----------immediate responses--------

The cat is very cute and perhaps seeks things in his color scheme to hide under. I am working with a plan not much different from yours in the sense of focusing on my responsibilities and on my daily (sometimes hourly) commitment to not drink. Best wishes to both of us.
Insomnia is an absolute nightmare pun intended. I suffered from extreme insomnia when drinking. It always felt like I was running on rocket fuel but with never any downtime or rest. Hell. You can literally turn a perfectly sane person insane with enough sleep deprivation. ..I'd have to say the most meaningful thing for me since kicking drinking back in Jan has been the return of regular sleep. It's not difficult to get to sleep and while I probably don't sleep enough I sleep a hell of a lot more than I used it. ..And I reckon adequate (not excessive) sleep is probably as important if not more more than decent nutrition. ..Keep at it! Think of the return of regular restful sleep.
I love the kitty!  What is his/her name?..Insomnia and post acute withdrawal effects are huge risks for relapse.  Sounds like you are doing better in that regard.  I have taken advantage of the medical resources in order to help myself in that arena - non-controlled substances/meds have helped me.  I decided I wasn't going to suffer through anything like that unnecessarily...Congrats on your more-than-a-month!  I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
