-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xmhkr/relapse_after_25_years_sober_how_do_i_admit_to/

So I've been sober a long long time but I did start drinking a few years ago in secret. Nobody suspects. How do I come out to my wife who's always assumed I'm  sober never seen me take a drink? As an ACOA I'm afraid she'll freak. Plus my mother-in-law who's certifiably crazy has been "sober" for 30 years and would shit a brick. I feel boxed in. What do I do?
----------immediate responses--------

Deep breaths. Courage. 
I relapsed after 25 years drank for 10. It wasn't a secret to my family because I was such a mess. Honesty goes a long way...the rest (family marriage) will work itself out in time.
My friend I'm not clear - do you want to stop drinking entirely again or do you want to stop drinking in secret and let the people around you know what you're doing?
I agree with the dungeonous.  What are you trying to do?  Are you going to get sober and stay that way or keep sneaking around and drinking...If I were you and wanted to continue my sobriety I wouldn't say a word and just start working on my sobriety again.  If I wanted to start drinking regularly again I would tell my wife which might lead to some significantly negative consequences.
It depends on what you want to do. Since you have that much sobriety under your belt you probably know that it comes down to an internal decision. If you want to try moderation and stop drinking in secret tell your family they will probably respect your decision. If you feel like you're betraying yourself then I say get back to sobriety and tell everyone you've relapsed so you don't feel fraudulent.
Some will disagree with me on this but I think that counting days can turn into a trap.  I was sober for over a year in AA and decided to start drinking again.  It was a bad decision but the shame of going back to the group and admitting that I'd jumped (not fallen) off the wagon was too much to bear for quite a long time.  Instead of coming clean and starting over I kept drinking for about 8 years...I'm not in AA anymore and while it took a long time I've gotten over the guilt and shame.  This time around I didn't stop drinking to make myself look good to anyone else be it my partner my family or a 12 step group.  I stopped drinking for me...Will your wife be upset?  Yes almost certainly.  Will things get worse if you don't stop drinking because you feel "boxed in"?  Only you can answer that but I suspect there's a reasonably good chance that they're not going to get better.  The past is the past.  You can't change it.  You can change the future though...Whatever you do don't stop drinking just for someone else.  If you do it for your wife and she leaves you what's going to motivate you to keep living a sober life?  You can't control how other people are going to react to what you've done.  All you can do is change your behavior in the present and the future.  Whatever you do I wish you luck.
Hiya. Thanks for your post. Sending you best wishes for a sober day today. ;-)
If I don't drink between now and Wednesday I'll celebrate a 7 year anniversary for the second time.  In fact previously I had 15 continuous years SOBER when I went back out in 2001/2002.  I did not return until 2009.  So your situation was one that I confronted--and because I was dealing with multiple problems connected to my relapse I sought out counseling with my shrink and I jumped back into AA meetings.  That was how I found the words I needed to talk frankly to my family about my situation and what I needed to do for myself.  It wasn't easy but you are as sick as your secrets according to my friends in recovery and I decided to choose mental and physical health instead.  Truth was where sunshine of the spirit shows itself in my experience.  Good luck.
You drank in secret.  Can you quit in secret? I did. Wasn't until a year in that I started telling people I don't drink anymore. 
For one thing stop now.   ..Past tense is better than present when coming clean.  Also suggest a plan of action to insure staying sober AA Smart counseling ... Something...
Thanks for sharing this with us. Wow I don't know how you haven't been found out. I think back to how clever I thought I was hiding my own evidence and realize that my wife was not fooled. ..These stories of relapse are so important for me as I try to solidify my sobriety. One thing I've learned is that I need to maintain my sobriety for me and because I want to. My family shares in my sobriety but I do it for me first. I am accountable and I can't blame someone else for "making me" stop drinking. Best wishes.
Do you really want to be living a lie? The more you do it the easier it becomes. Pretty soon you might feel numb. I know I wouldn't want to be in that boat. Honesty is probably the right thing to do.
You want to tell her because you need help stopping or ...?
Whenever I've heard the truth from someone I love and I can see the guilt and shame and them reaching out for me... really ready to quit I've been unable to turn my back on them and quickly grew to appreciate and respect their courage and honesty. Now when I've caught them and they never admitted... now that's quite a different story
OP here. Sorry for the confusion about my aims. Yeah I want to get sober again. I've been able to carry on drinking for a few years because I spend a fair amount of time alone on the road. And I have an RV behind the house that's my man cave where nobody bothers me. I guess you could say I'm a high-functioning alcoholic. Actually I enjoy drinking always alone and I'd probably keep it up except that at 70 years old my liver ain't what it used to be. Thank you all for your thoughtful advice. You don't know how much it means to me.
