-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xpwjm/the_wedding/

As the title suggests yesterday I was best man at a good friends wedding. I've known about this day way before I decided to venture into the realm of sober-dom. ..It's always played on my mind as I knew there would be a load of booze on the go and I had a speech to deliver and was worried it would trigger a relapse. ..Early on in sobriety I would constantly think about the day and ask myself how the hell would I cope but as the day drew nearer and my new life took hold the fears went away. ..Yesterday I had no problem with the amount of booze people were chucking down their necks. I simply smiled and sipped my water. As the speech came nearer I had a small glass of bubbles to toast the bride and groom. I pretended to sip it when doing the toast and put it straight back down. Nobody noticed or cared that I wasn't drinking. ..This was a real milestone for me in my journey. Not some number of days but a actual event that I thought I would never get through without knocking back 10 pints. ..Just thought I'd share my experience with you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

woohoo that's awesome! go you! :-)
Great job. I have found that once I get through one experience like this I have more confidence for the next.
Congrats. You should be very proud.
Awesome work
Way to go that's a huge accomplishment! I (barely) remember a wedding I went to a couple years back where I drank too much and ended up spilling an appetizer that stained my cousin's flower girl dress. Ruined. I acted like a fool in front of all of my family. I can't wait to go to a wedding in November and stay sober. It's giving me anxiety thinking about not drinking around all of my college friends who will definitely pressure me but it's not even fun to do shit like this and not remember these nights that are supposed to be so memorable...You're inspiring. If you can do it so can I! Way to go man.
Good work staying strong. 
Congrats on your non-alcoholic toast to the happy couple! 
