-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xugje/i_did_not_deactivate_my_fb_account/

I kept it... It has helped me through my recovery.... I shared my struggle with my entire social network and learned that there are several people that I knew that dealt with similar issues. The sense of community was great just like /stopdrinking/. The pictures and posts and history on Facebook is what happened. I don't ignore it or remove it. It is part of my past and i reflect upon it to prevent me from going back down that route... Give Facebook a second thought before you delete it. I am not advertising it or anything but just an advocate for using the Tools You Have and not destroying them. Happy to hear your thoughts.
----------immediate responses--------

It's an interesting debate. I just went through mine and found SO many posts where I'm like "Checking in at XYZ brewery [insert photo of beer pint]". There's one that's so telling where I'm holding up a big glass of red wine and I have a huge smile like I'm the happiest alcoholic in the world. I didn't delete any of it because I'd love to go back and remind myself from time to time. ..Now I notice most of my friends... All they post is the same thing I used to. Cute little instagram-filtered photos of their margarita or IPA. And I feel like I live in a crazy alcohol-worshipping cult. ..I've definitely been filtering out some of my more alcohol-obsessed friends from my feed just for sanity. 
I deactivated mine but for a sort of different reason. My husband and I are unable to have children (he has 2 from his previous marriage) and I've dealt with multiple miscarriages in the past. The period of time when I was going through all of that baby loss trauma really propelled my drinking problem. ..Now I'm putting myself back together mentally and coming to accept the fact that barring some crazy miracle I'll never have a child of my own. I'm dealing with it working with a therapist but.... it hurts so so much. I only ever wanted to be a mom...Facebook just got to be too much - pregnancy announcements. Belly pictures. Birth announcements. Baby pictures all day. I hope someday I'll be able to see that kind of news feed and not want to drink myself numb but for now it's best if I don't put myself in that position. ..I feel good about that decision. I'm glad you found a way to make Facebook work for you. For a while I was scared to delete/deactivate my account because it meant I wasn't strong enough to handle normal shit...But now I accept that I'm not strong enough and it's okay and I need to do whatever I need to do to get through the day sober.
[removed]
I deactivated my FB account years ago...But not for any reasons related to alcohol or sobriety...I deactivated because I understand two important principles - ..(1) it seems to me to (I'm not talking about ANYONE else here) as a self-indulgent self-centered obsessive compulsive behavior and is part of a trend in society in which there is too much emphasis on self-aggrandizement.  For me it's the antithesis to Humility. ..(2) Are you familiar with the song by the Police: [Every Breath You Take](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs)?  If so you probably know it's about a stalker.  Well I have a derivative of that song in my head - "Every click you make Every swipe you take.....I'll be watching you".  Well I'm not a conspiracy nut and indeed every click of my mouse and every swipe of my credit card are being watched.  I'm being examined analyzed formalized.  My wants needs actions and behaviors are being sifted.  In **most** instances mostly to sell me something.  However there are more nefarious characters using those same data along with government tag readers and facial recognition software quietly building data sets and selling them.  Mostly to companies who want to sell things.  Not always...I know that my clicks on this sub are available.  Google scientists know I come here.  They can figure out who I am and where I am...I limit my exposure.  In the same vein that Madison Avenue has sold us a bill of goods on "drinking is good; drinking is fun"; social networks have duplicated that same attitude...Those are my thoughts.  Whadda ya think?
