-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y3uhy/in_laws_in_town_but_i_will_not_drink/

In-laws got in town today and I also noticed today is my 60 day mark...A bunch of temptation at once. They are super stressful and have no chill. They also like really fancy wine and cocktails and expensive liquor. I use to sneak drinks through out the day whenever I had to hang out with them then participate in drinking with them for dinner. ..Wow I'm struggling this time dealing with them while sober! And there's still the rest of the week! >_<..But I hit 60 days which I never thought would happen. I don't actually believe that number looking at it but that's what the counter says!..Anyone have any funny or horror stories on dealing with in-laws while sober? I can only count to 10 so much haha
----------immediate responses--------

No stories just an observation: I think my uncles used to fight over who would go to the store to buy a bag of ice during family get-togethers. The occasional virtually pointless errand is a nice escape.  
Congratulations on 60 days! Can you sneak away and come check in on SD while they are here?
Congratulations on the 60 days its awesome. ..My struggle with the in-laws was never to drink or not it was this long fantasy of whether I could get away with murder. ..I used to imagine my mother in law choking while I watched her mouth move and just said yes no periodically. I always wondered if I would help her if she choked or just watched the light in her eyes go out. ..Unfortunately the only way to deal with them soberly is to tell them what you really think but that may get you divorced. You are just going to have to suck it up with the knowledge that this too will pass. ..
This will sound horrible my husband and I joke about how lucky he is both my parents are dead. ..That is how hideous my in-laws are. ..Go for walks. Get away from them. Put your earbuds in. Breathe they are not worth it. 
Congratulations on 2 months!
congrats on 60!!..I assume they are staying at your home? .Can your spuse mitigate them bringing booze in at all?..My husband filed for divorce while I was I detox... so that first sober meeting with in-laws was awkward to say the least. We're good now
OH wow My inlaws are the bossiest most impatient controlling materialistic selfish old and weirdest people I know!!  I just visited them for a few days at their summer home and I went to their gym twice a day for serenity.  Anywhere we went the 7 of us all drove together.  I kept quiet and to myself enjoying the scenery out the window and my mother inlaw kept on tapping my leg to get my attention to tell me some random crap that usually had to do with her.  I wanted to jump out of the car.  Anyway we did this same trip last summer and my husband and I polished off 2 bottles of jack in about 3 days.  So this time was brutal.  And lastly Holidays I would normally drink two bottles of champagne with a tiny splash of OJ in the morning before heading over to their house.  Well Congratulations on 60 days and try not to kill anyone or jump out of a moving vehicle!!  Good luck!
Congrats on your 60! I will not drink with you today!
