-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y4t96/100_days_what_happened_what_i_am_still_struggling/

Well it is 100 days today so I decided to make a small update post and to share with you guys how it is...I am not really excited just glad it happened (many thanks to this community - wouldn't be able to make it without you guys)..I am calm focused on my health and my work in both of which I have improved a lot....I do not have the cravings or the urges however I found myself increasingly lonely - almost all the activities my (former) friends do are around drinking - going out usually means drinking BBQing usually means drinking while eating meat going to the cinema means meeting in a bar before and continuing in a bar after the movie. Because of that I have been avoiding them and our contact seized to be....I started to like walking and hiking a lot also travelling but this is not possible for multiple reasons (city life/work etc.). Sometimes in the evening I go to my balcony and stare at the stars listen to the distant sound of cars and the wind and this calms me a lot...I read a lot of books however recently I found that I cannot "lose" myself in them. Same goes with video games and this upsets me a lot - books and video games were one of the hobbies I really enjoyed before. Fortunately my other ones (photography and weightlifting) are still enjoyable..If anyone can recommend how to start enjoying and "losing" yourself in video games and books I would greatly appreciate this advice....So one last message to all of you - it is worth it. Live clean sober live life AS IT IS - don't numb yourself with poison....Love and hugs and kisses xxx
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 100 days that's impressive. ..What if this low you're down in is just temporary? What if in a few days everything will feel totally different? In the future you might feel confident to hang out with your friends even if they are drinking and BBQ'ing you can have some BBQ and drink something nice too. ..I used to sit and look at the stars aswell when I did my earlier quit-drinking-attempts it is really peaceful and beautiful but I understand that you probably need some company and someone to talk to aswell. Cant you call someone and explain how you are feeling?..At 3 months sober I wasnt feeling awesome either but it sure was much better than when I was drinking or better from that day 1. .It will get better each passing day. ..Take care!
Congrats on the 100 days!!  ..To your question - I picked up new hobbies (never tried before) to keep to going as even I lost most of my friends.  I would recommend bass guitar yoga cooking painting and city walks at sun down...If you live in a large city you can lookup free summer events and event reddit meetups...
Congrats on your 100 days! Despite having a few months sober this is relatively new to you (me too 5 months!). You might have a lot on your mind. In time I think you'll be able to lose yourself in video games and books again. This happened to me as well (I'm an avid reader). I saw a lot of people in this sub recommending the book "This Naked Mind". Have you read it? I was actually able to get lost in it and work on maintaining sobriety at the same time. Two birds. One stone. 
Hail new centurion!
Cool thanks for the output. As for the books and vidya thing... Well I am new to it so it may not be pertinent. But I have noticed this too. I find absolutely no enjoyment out of games now. If I may talk about my thoughts on it I think it was because I did video games because I was so lazy from hangovers. It was the most active I could be and the repetative nature kept me going. I still like competative things I think and would enjoy them more competing against other people. It sucks because I've always dived into the art music and creativity of it all. Maybe it will come back when my emotions settle...As For the books That is very unfortunate. I hope someone else can shed some light on that issue. Only reason I can't read is my racing mind but that will pass. As a thought Maybe it is because your mind has slowed down? They say after 90 days you are able to be more calm in the mind. If books let you be calm by giving you something to pay attention to and the rest of the chaos goes into the background. That may be the "losing yourself" aspect of it. Forgetting your troubles. Maybe those troubles are a little more quiet?
Congrats on 100 days!! I'm still very new to sobriety and struggling with the same things. I haven't been able to get back into to video games since I quit. Specifically Fallout not sure why. ..One thing I have done that has been really successful is join Meetup online. I found a sober 20's-30's group in a nearby city and it has been a lot of fun. We've done meetups for tubing swimming at the local pool dinner picnic in the park etc. next week we're going as a group to an early morning sober rave. ..I have not really had friends in the past 5-8 years because I just stayed home and drank so it's been really helpful to meet new sober people and try things that are out of my comfort zone.
Hello.  Your journey will have lows and highs.   I hope this low passes soon.  .
Concerts! Go to as many concerts as you can. It's a great brain simulator. Get a Spotify account and go on a music adventure. I love spending a couple hours during the weekend enjoying some tea while music surfing. 
Kudos for a century of days! One of the reasons I enjoyed AA was the fellowship. I met wonderful sober people and made new friends. 
i used to really enjoy karaoke and bowling... especially the latter. but both ALWAYS involved drinking. i haven't done either in an entire year. sometimes i feel like yes sure i could go bowling now.. but i'd have to make sure whoever i was going with wasn't planning on drinking or that there'd be at least 1 or 2 people not drinking alcohol...karaoke not so much. i did lose contact with a lot of friends through that but i was fortunate that a couple of them who were long-time friends before i got out of control with drinking still are. we see each other less yes but when we get together it's usually non drinking activities...i started jiu jitsu before i quit drinking for good and when i quit i got closer with my teammates and submersed myself more in the sport. that was a huge help...are there people who would enjoy going hiking with you? turning it into a weekend trip or an overnight trip if work wouldn't allow a full weekend? i have no pointers on how to learn to drown yourself in games and books without alcohol--i had the same issue with reading. i haven't done a lot of it this past year and used to love it...i can say though that this WILL pass. you've begun finding your footing again without drinking. and the more steady that gets the more you'll be able to "lose" that footing and drown in the things you love and come back again.
Well done friend.  Maybe some guided meditation could help calm your brain and help regain your focus when it comes to reading.  This worked for me before when anxiety and life got me too hyped up to read (my favorite escape).  There are a million different guided meditations available for free on youtube.. they can be a great tool to relax let go and refocus. 
Congrats on 100.  I was in the dumps around 100 days then it got way better then worse then better again.  Life's a roller coaster of ups and downs without alcohol I think it's a negative feedback loop with an upward trajectory.  The longer sober the smaller the magnitude of the ups and downs but overall things continue up.  That's my thoughts as an EE anyway...This past week things have been going amazingly well and I'm fighting off thoughts of "hope for the best expect the worst" and trying to push to make thing even better.  ..I think you are really close to the around the time where games/tv/books started being really enjoyable for me again so hang in there!
Congrats on your impressive 100 days!! Good job   ..If you are lonely there are apps like "Sober Grid" that allow you to interact with and even meet other sober people. ..Good luck on your sober journey!!
Good to see you started a thread. Hope it helped. Give yourself credit for the accomplishment and try and remember some of the small victories on the way to today...Can you share your reminder that you made?
I feel like 3-6 months is just about long enough to lose touch with your "old" drinking friends &amp; old habits (going to the bar and drinking) but not yet long enough to gain new friends or pursue new activities or hobbies to any meaningful level. ..I would wager a guess that you are at the beginning of this process... however I think you have an incredible opportunity right now. Previously drinking &amp; socializing with boozy friends occupied a great deal of time and masked this time sink with the fog of alcohol. ..Now that you are free of the fog you are coming to terms with the massive amount of time you suddenly have at your disposal that you previously were not doing anything useful or productive with (such as pursuing another activity friends who don't drink or self improvement). This probably feels a lot like boredom...So I would say be patient with yourself and use this time to expand your horizons! You might really surprise yourself if you start trying new things and allow yourself to meet new people. 
[deleted]
I am still not confident to be social around alcohol.  I have low will power and it has affected friendships.  At least for me that has been one of the tougher battles.  I feel like I have to choose booze and friends or no booze and family/hobbies.  It is a tough road because I have been friends with these people for 15-20 years..
I recently started learning bass guitar. It's a great stress reliever after work. Should have done it years ago.
Video Games? I am 33. I recommend buying an older console like SNES NES and playing those games again. I had so much fun (and still do) playing Castlevania and Ninja Gaiden again for example.
Good job on the centenary! I found after I stopped drinking that I had to re-learn how to enjoy things. Especially games. Eventually I learned that my taste in games and how I played them changed after I sobered up. ..I also think you meant "ceased to be" when you talk about meeting with your friends. If you're worried about your conviction while around them that's ok... I avoided a few friends myself for the first little while. But they turned out to understand and even help me out a couple of times.
I lost myself in "The Last of Us" - it was quite an immersive storyline and I worked through to the platinum trophy. Over time my other interests have grown so I spend little time gaming these days. With books I like a book club - it helps widen my horizon and keeps me on schedule!
To be completely honest I still drink and video games fail to capture me like they used to. I think it's part of getting older.
Meetup.com yo :) I'm in the same boat. I've found I just have to put myself out there and keep trying new activities even when they're not super engaging or I feel antisocial...Also I sadly need to avoid Netflix binges. They're a huge trigger for me as I used to drink 100% of the time. ..I found I hated the video games I used to be able to play drunk (MMOs etc.) and found new games I really enjoy that I never had the attention span or hand eye coordination to play drunk. Witcher 3 is sooo engrossing. I'd give it a try if you haven't. The expansions are great too. Really helping me through early sobriety...Same with books. I had to find different types of books to enjoy. 
