-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y6yzt/a_little_ramble_about_coming_back_from_my_relapse/

I had over a year and a half of sobriety. I relapsed in April and entered treatment July 7th. I'm very fortunate that my mistake only turned into a couple month binge and I was able to see that I needed to get it together. It was shocking to see how quickly everything fell apart in that amount of time. I kept stumbling trying to pull it together and I couldn't. It had escalated to a blacked out 5 day bender that resulted in me losing my job. I'm very thankful nothing worse happened. Getting back on my feet has been confusing and rough. I felt unstoppable before I really thought I'd never go back. I'm feeling soooo much better sober of course but it's been a humbling experience to say that least. I didn't see the relapse coming it crept up and took over. I thought I was so stable and secure in my sobriety. But that complacency and over confidence is what took me down. It scared me it really did. It made me realize that this is never going go away. I mean I knew it before but now I really know it. I will always be an alcoholic. 10 years down the line I will still be an alcoholic. 20 years still an alcoholic. One of the hardest parts of this whole thing is trying not to beat myself up over it. Recovery is a journey not a destination. Everything will not always be perfect but as long I continue to try my damnedest thats what counts. I feel so blessed to have my control back. It shook me up for sure but all I can do now is continue to move forward. Continue to work my program and really take it 24 hours at a time. I had a great time in treatment and learned quite a bit. This was my first time in a facility. I believe this is my 40th day clean again and I never want to feel the way i did after that last bit. Ever. I've never felt such a deep sense of hopelessness and heart break the way I did this time around. What a confusing time it's been but I'm glad to back. Here's to another 24 with you guys. Thanks for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Here's to another 24 hours with you friend.
24 more and good things in store
I'm with you. 
glad you're here.  i won't drink with you today.
[removed]
I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for the update - good to hear from you. Glad you're hanging in there.
Glad you are here glad to share the next 24 with you x
Welcome back so glad to have you here! We've got this..another 24 :).
I lost my job after my last fiasco. It was painful embarrassing.. You name it. I so feel you. I have a brand new sparkly job making twice what I did before and I owe it and every good thing that's happening to my sobriety. I'm very happy you made it back:) sometimes it just clicks. Congrats.
[removed]
I feel you. I had almost 2 yrs. of sobriety then... well... all we can do is get back on the sobriety train...
