-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y8mr3/i_have_done_nothing_this_year_but_get_sober/

I feel like I haven't achieved anything worthwhile this year I know I'm being hard on myself and staying sober is a pretty big deal. It's just I want more out of life I want to feel like I'm creating great things and feeling fulfilled I watch everyone around me sober or not do amazing things with their lives playing music going on tour playing shows internships jobs or just generally being super motivated with their art. While I do nothing I go to meetings I get so depressed I can't function so suicidal I go to ER for help and it's really getting me down. 2016 has been awful nothing good has happened and I haven't done anything I'm proud of I'm not progressing emotionally or in any other way. Honestly I'm struggling to see the benefits of being sober I don't feel any better I want to stick it out at least until I have a year off the sauce and have finished the steps. Having said that I don't see the benefits I don't feel like relapsing because I know it will suck I don't even really think about it that much anymore I just know it won't make me feel better but not I have nothing to even try to make me feel better because nothing does. I'm so frustrated and can't get anything done. I'm not even asking much from life right now all I want is to not want to die. Is that too much to ask? I've given up asking for support I did that for a few weeks and it's pretty tedious telling everyone I want to die and people care but can't help because it's up to me nobody can fix my life for me. I'm just too useless to do it. 
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you need more support. Without a therapist and AA I never would have had a sober happy life. 
You sound depressed. Can you see a doctor?
you should be proud of yourself for 176 days of not drinking..You don't have to keep beating yourself up. I would torture myself for years now I don't. It has gotten better over time for me. I don't compare myself to others to judge my own success.
I think a LOT of people have issues because they think sobriety is something awesome. ..IMO it isn't...Sobriety is literally NOTHING...What I mean by that is that it is a blank slate that *allows you to fill your life with meaning and purpose*...I think the term is 'dry drunk' when you just stop drinking but change nothing else and still have your same bad habits...So....I would recommend starting small but getting out there and doing something...This time sober I've hit the gym 2 times a day every day for 38 days. It's SOMETHING. I see my body improving. I **SEE** the benefit of sobriety...
You're almost at 6 months (if your badge is accurate).  Given that you have bpd that's huge.  I've read a bit about it and it seems like total hell.  Bpd and substance abuse go hand and hand so give yourself a pat on the back for almost being at 6 months!
[removed]
I'm sorry that you're not feeling well...Do you have hobbies and passions you could pursue? If your problem is that you haven't done anything then it seems the answer is to do something. What's your age? What part of the country are you in?
