-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y9s14/first_step_is_a_doozie/

I have been in AA a little while now on and off.  About 4 months.  I have good attendance then not so good.  I actually enjoy the meetings and have made some friends I can talk to.  I have struggled occasionally as of late with the idea that my life is unmanageable. Short drinking bouts have occurred which has bolstered the idea that I am in control because I can cease the activity before I go back to drinking.  There was a time when I could not go one day without a drink.  This went on for years.  I know I could end up back to this place.  The idea that I HAVE to drink anytime is reason enough to believe that my life is unmanageable...The last two meetings I have been to have helped me realize this.  Conversations with two friends I have made at these meetings helped clear up any doubt.  One of these AA friends agreed to be my sponsor and I am thankful.  I never thought the first step would be so difficult for me.  I have been silently brewing the idea of my life being manageable or not.  There are many positives in my life that I am grateful for but the idea that alcohol has any power over me is unmanageable in my book.  The scary part is ending up back where I was years ago where choice had been taken away totally.  I hate being an alcoholic.  I hate having to reset my badge.  I hate that my friends here on SD have to watch me flounder.  ..I am moving on to step two now.  Although I am struggling a bit in a strange way I also feel that I am progressing.  The battle rages on.  This is one battle I have to win.  I cannot do it alone.  Thank you SD friends.  Thank you AA friends.  Without you the white flag would have been waved already.  
----------immediate responses--------

Can I tell you a secret? We're all floundering. Even those of us with impressive ass  four and five digit badges I'm willing to bet are floundering in one way or another. That's just what it is to be human. &lt;3
I've been along a similar path over the course of the last year or two: bits of sobriety punctuated by even longer bits of drinking again. It's really helpful for me to continue reading through posts here and reflecting on the positives and negatives of the day. It feels really weird to admit but I look at my eyes in the mirror multiple times a day and just marvel at how clear they have become. I just look everywhere I can to maintain motivation to keep adding days.
&gt;I hate being an alcoholic...So do I. I really hate it. Luckily we are all on the lifeboat together.
This is a huge step. Stay strong
You've got this!..It's been suggested to me that I do the 1st Step every day. To admit thaf I am an alcoholic every day. It's too hard to do it only once because we alcoholics like to talk ourselves into believing we are fine and can start drinking again. We have to keep that perspective. 
The Big Book recommends to the person unsure about their alcoholic status that they step into a bar and try some controlled drinking...If that doesn't sound appealing for whatever reason--losing ability to choose resetting badge floundering--one day at a time might be a good motto. Just for today don't drink and maybe table the inner discussion about the niceties of step one? I'm an overthinker and sometimes less rationalizing is more clarifying. Maybe it's similar for you.
I struggle every day whether it is with alcohol parenting my job my marriage.... basically everything takes effort. I question whether I am doing this adulting thing correctly all the time. But I do it. I do my best and hope it all works out. If I make a mistake I pick myself up and keep trying. If I have a day where everything went smoothly? Hallelujah! ..Keep doing what you are doing! Not giving up!   
At least for me something just *finally* "Clicked".  I don't know how to explain it or even know how that 'Click' happened but it did and something rather miraculous happened in my brain.    .The very fact that you're here going to meetings making attempts instead of giving up trying to find something that works for You indicates to me that you're on the dawn of that awakening!  For me when this happened I stopped struggling and felt genuine peace.    .I know this will happen to you u/jet9RDO!  Be well my friend.  And just for today I will not drink with you.
we are with you!
I'm in a similar place crashed again this week because "it's a week off from work!!"..yeh fast forward one later and NOTHING has been done that week might as well not have happened...Fuck drinking.... I want my life to be better than a blurry drunken haze and feeling shit the next day...Let's not drink together again today!
[removed]
[removed]
