-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ydb42/concerned_about_fas/

Burner account but long time user of this subreddit and sober for 400+ days today...I'm not sure what I'm hoping for here- maybe some reassurance because this is really weighing on my soul. Or advice as to how to approach this with medical professionals...Oh and FAS= Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. ..I'm a mom to a 6 y/o and a 4 month old baby. I never drank and was sober for almost all of my older son's childhood until he was about 4 years old when I had a series of miscarriages and life generally went to shit for other reasons. I relapsed and began binge drinking. This period of drinking lasted about 1.5 years when I decided to get sober again and started back to AA...Everything was great until one night in July (actually the night I was supposed to collect my 90 days chip!) when I decided to pick up a bottle. I got so drunk that I fell and hit my head in front of my little boy and my husband had an ambulance come and take me to the hospital. I didn't have alcohol poisoning but obviously I was pretty banged up...This was my rock bottom. And the last drink I will ever take in my life...About a week or so later my husband and I conceived again. Four months ago I very joyfully gave birth to a wonderful baby girl. She was born with some musculo-skeletal abnormalities for which she is currently being treated- hip dysplasia hyper-mobile joints (double jointed) and she's recently been referred to early intervention for some delays in hitting social milestones. There was also a concern for spina-bifida which they've determined isn't an issue but she does have an abnormal spinal cord that may require surgery (we will know more as she gets older)...We are working with a geneticist who is testing her for some genetic abnormalities and some chromosomal defects. These tests take a while...Meanwhile I can't help but blame myself. I never drank while I could possibly have been pregnant with her. But the week before I conceived I was polluted in the hospital. I'm terrified that I've sentenced her to a life of hardship and the guilt is killing me. I cannot talk to my husband about this and have lightly touched on it with my therapist but honestly I'm afraid to vocalize my concerns...Does anyone know if any of the fetal alcohol disorders can extend to my situation? And if so do I bring this up with her pediatrician? I'm not sure I can do that without losing my composure...Any wisdom or guidance would be so appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I empathize. My son who is now an adult has autism. I drank while I was pregnant although was not abusing alcohol yet. I was also taking an antidepressant. I too have struggled with questions like yours. I encourage you to talk to your pediatrician. I lost my composure many times when discussing my son's difficulties. No one ever suggested his autism was related to my drinking or medication. Basically I will never know. Therapy helped me process this issue as did working the steps in AA. The past cannot be changed. My son's autism is what it is. I am his legal guardian and continue to see he has the best services available. Strangely his verbal skills are high. He has a sense of humor and insight about his disability. I enjoy his company. ..Blaming yourself which I don't think is appropriate given your circumstances won't change anything. You have not sentenced your daughter to a "life of hardship" since she is already getting help. Guilt is a waste of energy. There is grief when a child is born with a handicap. Talking about it helped me. Let go of guilt and enjoy your beautiful little girl. ..Kudos for 400 days by the way!
I've met so many people with lots of physical or mental medical issues that have come from clean and healthy parents with no (known) genetic flaws or family history...When you think about EVERYTHING that has to go correctly for any of us to exist it's a goddamn miracle any of us are in one piece at all...I THINK I might bring it up with the pediatrician just in case though. All the years I worked as an EMT I never gave a shit what anyone else put in their body I just wanted them to be honest with me so I could give them the best care. Since you quit drinking BEFORE you conceived I especially doubt there would be any judgement.
No I seriously doubt it. Ask your doctor if you're really worried though.
I aborted due to concerns about FAS a few years ago.  I am hesitant to ever have children at this point I'm struggling a lot whether or not to pass down "this" gene.  There are very real consequences to our disease.  That's all really.  I'm sorry you're going through this.  I think you should being it up with any doctor especially one that can guide you to a therapist.  Whether your daughter has FAS or not you're not helping her carrying around this guilt.
FAS is a result of the fetus being repeatedly exposed to alcohol within the womb and to significant amounts at that. Don't blame yourself. You could not have caused FAS to your not yet conceived child. If it would help ease your mind to bring it up to your pediatrician you can always just say that you were drinking heavily before you got pregnant but had stopped completely before conceiving. I'm sure they will be up front with you. 
My mom told me (while drunk when I was a kid) that she drank while she was pregnant with me.. and specifically not with my sister.  I've always had learning issues and obviously alcohol abuse issues.  There was a time when this really bothered me and it doesn't help that my mom has continued to choose alcohol over anything else for my entire life.  She is nearly 70 now and still at it.  Anyways.. I've recently come to the conclusion that my life on this earth is exactly what it's suppose to be.. and therefor it really doesn't matter what my mom did or didn't do.. I feel like it is the life I'm suppose to have and that thought has given me much peace.
I have 3 children and have always been freakish about their development/health.  I really doubt you drinking prior to getting pregnant has anything to do with her health issues.  Breathe.
What you're describing isn't consistent with FAS.  Low birth weight and premature birth and the problems that accompany them would be what you would be dealing with at this stage of your babies life.  .I can't imagine the guilt and blame you must be going through but it seems that your baby has some issues that are not related to your previous alcohol consumption. .I would recommend that you try and be thankful that you were not drinking during pregnancy because your childs issues could have been much worse if you had been drinking.   .Try to stop beating yourself up so you can be stable for yourself and provide the extra care your child needs.  I believe that infants can sense when their parents are depressed or dealing with mental health issues.   I think that children suffer developmentally when their parents are dealing with mental issues. .Great job on not drinking and going to therapy for yourself! 
