-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yer4t/i_finally_admitted_my_problem_to_my_friends_family/

I've been struggling with this since I was 18 years old now 24. I was in a pretty bad relationship when I was a freshman in college - I'd drink the time away until I saw my boyfriend and then I'd be a wasted mess when I was with him. Once that relationship ended the party had only just begun. I thought I'd enjoy my college years and slow down later because "I'm in college & it's fine". ..I met an amazing guy a little over a year ago. Everything has felt great. We did long-distance for a year and I recently moved to California to be with him. During the time of distance there were nights where I had been out drinking with friends at concerts and we'd Skype after the show. I wouldn't remember what was said and he'd tell me the next day what happened. Thankfully there were no serious fights but he started to pick up on my problem...A little over a month ago we were house sitting for a friend. We went to a wine tasting at another friends house and my boyfriend left halfway through to go study (lawyer to-be studying for The Bar). I stayed behind after his friends egged on "You're taking the party with you??" As I walked him to his car he reminded me to watch my drinking. I *thought* I did have control and enacted moderation. However the alcohol hit harder and harder as a friend drove me home. When I got back I supposedly fell in the elevator got a horrible case of the hiccups (so bad he said it was affecting my breathing) yelled at him and peed on his friend's kitchen floor. The next morning he opened up to say that my actions were hurting him and that eventually I'd have to choose between him and drinking. ..That's when I realized I had a problem with moderation. I don't drink constantly or have a need to drink during the work week. However when the weekend comes and we join up with friends out-and-about one drink will turn to ten. So I said I'd work on moderation one two at most per hour. It didn't work...Sunday we went out to a little street festival. We met up with my boyfriend's mentors to enjoy the festival have some drinks and have dinner. At dinner I was having some anxiety because it was getting close to the time I needed to leave to make it home for a concert. Eventually this anxiety escalated so far (and add some other internal underlying issues within our relationship that needed to be communicated) that I exploded on the sidewalk and broke up with him...On Monday I told my friends & family about the events of Sunday and admitted that I have a problem with drinking & moderation. I'm holding myself accountable. I want them to hold me accountable. My sister's getting married in a few weeks and she asked "You're not going to drink?" I told her it's for the best. My boyfriend and I reconciled we're taking all the strides needed to improve our relationship and he's going to be my champion for staying sober & avoiding alcohol. He's been talking about giving up drinking too because he'll get bad hangovers from a couple of drinks so now he has a reason to as well. ..Today is day 4. It's about to be a long journey but I'm ready for it. I'm nervous for going out and meeting new friends at bars and getting questioned why I don't have a drink. I don't want to open up and tell people I've just met about my problem. Maybe some day I'll be able to enjoy just one maybe two under the right occasion. However right now I cannot and should not. I don't want to be the shit-show brother at my sister's wedding. I don't want to be the out-of-control hot mess to my boyfriend. I don't want to embarrass myself or put myself in a dangerous situation while blacked out. ..So here I am introducing myself to /r/stopdrinking. Hiya!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome! It's going to be a lot of hard work but I promise it's worth it. I'm glad you're here! 
Thanks for sharing. I told my mom yesterday and it felt pretty good. 
Hi there!! Welcome!! It was so nice to read your story and was inspiring.  I think it takes a lot of courage to talk to the ones you love about this issue so way to go!! I am glad you are here with us and keep up the good work I think you'll like SD :)  
Welcome!  Telling people helps you with accountability.  It's also about being honest.  Good for you for doing both!
Welcome! Your story sounds very similar to mine down to skyping with an SO and not remembering the next day. In my early days I've found exercise reading this sub and taking it one day at a time to be my best tools!
Welcome!  I find this to be a wonderful and safe haven.  I wish you well.  Keep us updated on your progress.
Thank you for your honesty.  I hope that speaking with your family gives you some peace and helps moving forward.  Keep posting--I personally have found it helpful.
Good for you and welcome. It's not really that long of a journey. Just one day at a time. You'll learn new habits and it becomes normal. It's not a bad way to be and trust me you'll see how silly drinking really is when you observe others getting shit faced. It's a waste of time terrible for your health and you do and say pretty horrible things. 
Hey good to hear that you are dealing with your problem...I do want to give you a warning A few years back I went 3 years without drinking I also cannot moderate my consumption. After three years of not drinking I thought I could control myself enjoy a drink here and there and be a responsible adult. Boy was I wrong!!.You might be able to last awhile moderating but eventually I fell back into my old drinking habits. .After three years of not drinking I spent about 2.5 years in the same shit hole I was in that first made me stop drinking. In those 2.5 years my wife finally decided she had enough(we were married 13 years). Divorce was finalized just last month Lucky for me we are still on very good terms mostly because we have two teens together. I'm coming up on 9 months sober and can honestly say that I cannot and should never touch alcohol again...I wish you all the best! If the day ever comes that you think you might want to try moderation think back to your last incident how you felt what you went through and ask yourself do I want to tempt going down this road again?
