-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ymevr/just_arrived_on_holiday_really_struggling/

Just arrived on holiday with a big wedding tomorrow and then beach holiday - booze is really on my mind. Shitty gremlin keeps saying one glass of champagne can't hurt. I think I could have one and be ok. Wanting wine with my supper. Biggest test for a while and panicking! Help. I really don't want to ruin things. 
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly one glass of champagne won't hurt but the problem with the majority of people in this sub is it doesn't stay one glass. Maybe it does for one night or two weeks but once we get into the regular cycle of drinking again we start to lose discipline and revert back to getting hammered every time we go out etc. ..The issue is it shouldn't require discipline and for people without alcoholism it doesn't. Drinking doesn't completely rule their thoughts and they can comfortably leave a glass of champagne half empty (which is a sin in our books!)..If any of this resonates with you Id say one glass of champagne can hurt you. And you are doing amazing. 7 months is incredible. Im sure you feel great have better relationships with your friends and family and all around are better since not drinking. Why go back to the land of nasty hangovers feeling bloated all the time and not taking care of responsibilities? ..Sober land is much much better. 
You got this. Don't let that part of your brain convince you it's okay.  I always think "Do I want to reset my badge?" And I only have a little over a month. You are going to do so well with this test! And you will that yourself tomorrow. Now that wedding cake wouldn't stand a chance tho if it was me. 
Also Just read on here a few minutes ago with someone else who also struggled and asked the question.."Have I ever regretted NOT drinking?" ..Im sure you have woken up in a terrible hangover regretting drinking as we all have but I cant think of a single instance Ive regretted not drinking and its a thought and tool to have when you're going through a tough time. You've got this!
I'm sending you the very best vibes! You can do this. Think of how far you've come and hold that close to you. Not drinking with you my friend!
Play that tape forward in your mind.   Where will that glass of booze take you?...I know the only thing one drink ever did for me is make me want another.    And another.  And another.  
No one ever wakes up saying "how sober was I last night?"..My advice: volunteer to DD. No one questions why the DD won't drink. Everyone chips in to buy the DD nachos. Have some nachos. 
I can understand that temptation especially when you can't escape on holiday for a wedding.  Myself I would book my favourite activity - spa snorkelling cliff diving most ridiculous mock tail or what ever it might be (and be OK with it being expensive) to look forward to.  Good luck! Sending positive sober vibes
"One glass of champagne can't hurt." Right. It's just that for most of us here having just one is only possible in theory. ..You've got 232 days. Try not to let the environment fuck too much with the instinct and discipline that you've been building on. Also maybe think ahead. Consider this current situation as if it were past tense. Ask how you will feel looking back knowing you _didn't_ drink versus reflecting on that you did. ..Maybe consider exit or mindfulness strategies and alternative NA drinks for dicey situations. ..Keep up the good work. 
Hiya. Congratulations on 232 days. That number and badge look good on you. Staying sober with you today;-)
Hold fast mate don't give in. If you're anything like me you've never have "one glass" of anything (unless we're counting the bottle as a glass). I know it's hard at a wedding- I was at one last week and I felt the urge too. I got hold of a nice big pint of fizzy water and fresh lime asap and basically stuffed my face with buffet food. I'd have felt terrible the next day if I drank. I imagine the guilt and self loathing alone would have crushed me never mind the toxic hangover. You got this mate you don't need alcohol.
Don't do it. It'll be months or years until you get back there. 
I'd grab myself a large glass of soda and lime for the reception. A good trick at the reception dinner is to turn the wine and champagne glasses upside down when you sit at the table as when the servers come round they will know not to pour booze. Have a good one!..
.When I was on my own thinking I could do this I never succeeded it was only when I found someone to confide in that it got better...You just broke the spell by telling us. You'll be OK now...Get through the wedding without a drink and the next wedding/holiday/beach you go to you won't even think about drinking. That's how I break the spell.
I remember my first sober holiday - I stuck to soft drinks and focused on sober activities. I'm so grateful that I stuck to it I have never come back from a holiday feeling so good! ..For me one glass of wine would be both pintless (it wouldn't get me to the level of drunk that I aimed for) and dangerous (it would have paved the way for more). I stuck to sparkling water and other soft drinks.
Congratulations on 232 days! I'm joining here in the observation that it doesn't stop at one.  For all sorts of flimsy reasons I had one glass of wine after 12+ years.  That first glass was fine. But the defense against drinking was gone. I didn't know about the biological roots of habits and how old neural pathways remain available even though new habits form. No matter how together you think you are  those pathways are there.  Just like the pathways for riding a bike once you have learned.  So . . . in a couple of weeks half a bottle. By the end of the month a full on drunk. Now  more than ten years later I am committing to sobriety again because I saw myself reflected in one fast-passing look on my husband's face.  I didn't completely ruin my life (self-employed and an isolated drinker)  but I still like sobriety better even with its difficulties.  There is a possibility of integrity that I value and never had while drinking.   May this be a weekend you enjoy! Sober!!!.
What's the point in one?
No problem man! And a nonalcoholic beer isn't the worst thing! You just have to be careful I guess. Ginger beer is really great it's pretty much like a soft drink but a lot healthier. Have a good one!
