-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yuv7l/campedwith_familydidnt_drink/

After being sober now for 12 days I've been able to isolate 3 activities that were essentially synonyms for 'drinking as much as I want.' Kayaking grilling and camping. ..I'm proud to be able to say that I just woke up sober in my tent for the first time in well at least 10-15 years. ..Just to compound the test it was a family get together to celebrate a few birthdays. The 'old me' would have used this as a perfect excuse to drink to help cope with the extra stress of dealing with family but 'sober me' was busy pounding cans of Diet Squirt and Blood Orange Sanpellegrino (highly recommend!). ..Anyways it was a challenge to get to sleep as usually the alcohol does the job for me when I'm camping but for once I awoke hangover free ready to take on the day. ..So if anyone is out there struggling with continuing (healthy) activities that they associate with drinking I'm here to say it's possible and yes even fun to reinvent them without the booze. ..Thanks to everyone here at SD you've gotten me through the first two weeks and for that I'm eternally grateful.  ..Let's not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

That's great! I'll join you in not drinking today!
you passed a difficult test - many congratulations!!!  you did it!!
Difficult test indeed! Family AND camping! Both were always synonymous with drinking for me for better or worse. But you've shown us it can be done! Thanks for the post. 
A friend wanted to camp this weekend also.  I passed bc sitting around a fire and drinking beer was my thing.  I'm not ready to try that but awesome on you for success!
I thought it was just me who got roaring drunk everytime I go camping. 
Good job!  I'm going camping next weekend for the first time since getting sober.  Going with a group from the local fellowship so it will be nice to wake up in the nature free of hangover and with other people who are also ready to greet the day.  Keep it up man!  It gets better.
