-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yx6nd/woke_up_this_morning_and_have_overwhelming/

I wasn't expecting this part of the challenge. That once you start feeling good and the sobriety is in motion that's when the temptations kick in...I woke up this morning and mentally went through what my routine would be for today like usual. Then as I was scrolling through my objectives the liquor store crossed my mind too and then "oh no." Now this is very weird: it's like even though I know it will be bad and that it's clearly the wrong choice for me the temptation persists anyway. It's like a little shithead devil on my shoulder going "heheh dew it m8!"..Another thing that makes this tough is that being sober has been feeling better with time but there's still kind of a void there now. Logically I know this void will get smaller with time but it's still THERE. I've been eating a lot of chocolate bars and cookies and stuff to fill that void but that ain't good either cuz I don't wanna get diabetes. The other thing I've been doing for "the void" is exercise though (skateboarding) so I gotta focus on that...But that temptation. It makes me remember the "not give a fuck" apathy feeling alcohol used to give me which makes things feel easy. That easy NGAF feeling has been suppressing all my problems with my anxiety disorders in which I have to face in full-force now it opens up like a package when the suppressed shit comes out. But it may have made things feel easy to literally not care but that would bring about some bad shit too. Like waking up in the morning hungover and having my anxiety amp up tenfold...It still won't go away though even when I think through all this. It's like my mind just can't shake that want for the apathetic lowered-eyelids feeling. How do I resist the urge? Why do I get these feelings of dullness which is what triggers the urges? Will the dullness get better with time?..Actually I can already feel the temptation sorta subsiding as I type this. But man it's only been a week. How am I gonna last years with the constant urges? Especially if a time of stress comes up? Usually my drinking was worse during times of extreme stress or a traumatic incident like for example when I got robbed at knifepoint 5 months ago: wooahh boyy did my shit ever get bad. That was when my apathy-drinking got crazy in fact I actually think that was the first time it became an "apathy not care about ANYTHING" sort of thing because it used to be about partying and having a "good time"...How do I prepare for upcoming shit that may make me fall to relapse? Sorry for the long read had a lot to get off my chest here. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

A BIG congrats for 7 days!!!  For me at the beginning some times focusing on today went to focusing on minute by minute. Also play the tape forward. If you go to the liquor store what is the end result? 
[deleted]
When I have bad thoughts I need to change my thinking.  I can't focus on the bad thoughts and try to will them away because it only makes them stronger.  I have to displace the bad thoughts with other (better) thoughts.  This is why helping someone else is such powerful insurance against drinking.  If I can help the guy move his shit from detox to halfway house I don't want to drink so much.
I had first real craving today. Repeatedly asked God to remove it and called another person in recovery...I finally get why people say sometimes it's minute by minute... But we take the action of NOT drinking and it passes. .
