-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yx8ho/need_help_setting_up_outpatient_detox_with/

I'm 21 years old I am a college student and work part time for minimum wage.  I do not have a good relationship with my parents even though I am on their health insurance.  I cannot tell them about my alcoholism I have to do this all on my own.  I can't go to a treatment facility for any kind of inpatient treatment...I do not know how detox works whenever I try researching this kind of thing the internet seems to be littered with inpatient treatment centers saying it's impossible to taper or to quit on your own... as if they're just trying to get clients.  From reading on advice forums I take it that a general practitioner can get you on a prescription to help deal with withdrawals?  I feel like this is the only route I can take...My drinking is bad but I do not think it is bad enough to where I would experience the very severe withdrawal effects but I can talk to my doctor about this.  I have only been drinking heavily for about 3 months.  I drink every day but hardly get drunk; I'd say I get drunk maybe once every week and a half.  I drink liquor from 7 PM until 1 AM to get a "buzz" going and to relieve anxiety.  My tolerance has increased and I would say I easily drink about 300-350 ML of liquor each night but there are times where I go above this and times when I only have a few shots...When I first stopped drinking cold turkey a few weeks ago I began having extreme anxiety and paranoia; I was having intense shakes and my heart was racing.  I could not sleep and I felt the sickest I had ever felt.  I would do crazy irrational things like call my ex girlfriends and go on tearful rants about how I've ruined my life.....I tried tapering off which worked at first... but then it didn't I am so addicted that after a few days it was obvious that the withdrawals were coming back.  I'm back to drinking; today is the first day "sober" but I know I am going to start feeling the withdrawals in the coming days...My questions about getting treatment are:..- When calling to set up the appointment I am worried what to tell the receptionist.  They will ask what the appointment is concerning... do I straight up tell them "alcoholism" or "alcohol withdrawal"???.- Is this the appropriate step to take  has anyone who's drinking was bad enough to suffer moderate withdrawals successfully detoxed from prescriptions?.- What is the easiest and most effective way to introduce my problem with alcoholism with this doctor; she has been my doctor since I was a child..- What type of prescriptions will be recommended?  I feel like I need to be on a benzo... what makes me relapse is mostly the psychological aspects of the withdrawal which intensifies my already existing anxiety.  I just got a new job and started new classes.  It feels like I HAVE to drink now there is no way I can quit cold turkey safely and keep my sanity and continue to function with these new responsibilities...And if anyone has just general advice on what will happen if this is a route I can actually take?  I feel so much shame and remorse for everything I've been doing drunk lately... I need to take action now so I can put this behind me.
----------immediate responses--------

When I went to my GP about it I told the receptionist that I simply wasn't feeling good.  Once you are in the room with your doctor you can be more straightforward about the issue.  They will likely want to take bloodwork for your liver etc.  The few times I did this I have been offered librium for potential withdrawal symptoms.  Some doctors won't even consider anything that an addict might abuse so they might not even try to prescribe something.  Please note I'm not a doctor.  Definitely try to go through with the visit.  You do not want to be on your own whether you are quitting cold turkey or tapering.  Many people who go that route end up in the ER.  Best of luck.
I was embarrassed at first but after understanding the dynamics of detox decided to be honest with the doctor. Since you need to be seen asap I'd tell the appointment person you need to be seen asap.  If they give you static tell them it's very personal but urgent. Tell the doctor precisely how much you are drinking so he/she can determine what medication and dose to prescribe. Benzos are usually prescribed on a very limited basis. ..You will not be the first person to talk to the doctor about your drinking. It is a medical issue not a moral one. ..I hope things work out well for you and you will soon be on the road to recovery.
I just read the title. Take the simplest option and go. If you keep trying to find the best option you'll end up not going anywhere and continue drinking. 
