-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yyfmy/how_to_feel_normal_again_without_the_fuel_of_booze/

Alright. So these days I'm not as bad as I used to be. I'm 28(F) and I've been drinking pretty heavily since I was like 19. The term varies - sometimes it was every few days sometimes it was night after night a "bender" but it became so commonplace that I couldn't call it that. And like any alcoholic I get sloshed. I don't usually stop til I literally cannot drink another beer. So while my drinking can taper and I don't mind going a few days without a drink (at times like this now I simply like to drink but don't biologically depend on it as I have felt at times and so can tolerate a few days without drinking without becoming irritable and supremely anxious/sad/deprived/depraved?) I need to know how to cope without it when it comes to putting myself in positions I wouldn't be comfortable in unless I had a social lubricant. ..I sort of know a decent amount about the chemistry behind it and its depressive nature and all about wet-brain as this has been going on for years with me. I have tried AA but I just like drinking! So what? Everyone drinks. At least anyone with any social inclination. It's a vogue thing to do how on earth can you network if you don't drink? How can I write/think outside the box/develop the gumption to do or say what's really on my mind?..Of course the latter of most of that is really just how my brain (or a part of it) functions when it comes to the idea of drinking. While I don't get the shakes I freeze when it comes to the idea of being around people without booze. But booze has ALREADY in the 10 years I've used it made it so that I'm an idiot. No recall. Delayed processing. Foggy. Booze "rejunivates" me in my mind - I tend to talk over people I get super opinionated and impassioned about topics I'd only vaguely contemplated before I share too much information and probably come across as pushy and simply sadly drunk. ..I know of yoga breathing exercises AA etc. I've tried most half-heartedly. I need to know there's a way to overcome this. I'm intimidated by AA - people really get addicted to swapping phone #s you're bombarded as a newbie after meetings everyone's eager to give you their # and then commence to text you like "hey! How's it going? I'm here if you ever need to talk!" which is a sweet and encouraging sentiment but the reality is that while the immediate people in my life maybe can't relate half the reason I drink is because I'm so down on myself and I don't feel like latching on to a stranger despite our mutual struggle to share the darkest saddest parts of me. Therapy maybe. I never gave it a full shot though I did enjoy certain glimpses of it in my nostalgia. Now I'm uninsured so I don't have the luxury of perusing the catalog anymore...Anyway. This is long. Basically I'm okay to go cold turkey. I have an exhausting job and the love of a good man to keep me occupied. Just I guess how did you start adjusting to life outside your booze ritual? How do you start to feel normal without simultaneously feeling really fucking awkward and boring? ..Peace much love and good luck on our sober journeys!
----------immediate responses--------

Putting together a few sober weeks helped me out tremendously in terms of my mental state...Someone posted a timeline a while back that outlines the physical changes that occur after a person quits drinking: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/
What do you do after booze? It's quite simple. Get a life. Take up some hobbies spend real quality time with your significant other work out travel the list goes on. Before booze there was only booze. The boredom you fear or might experience when sober is merely there to show you how fucking little you did with your life when you were a slave to the sauce. ..Going sober will also show you that the vast majority of people that are out there "drinking" and being "social" really aren't drinking very much. 
It sounds like you have some social or possibly generalized anxiety.  You may want to try to find ways to deal with that as you turn towards a sober life.  Therapy may be rough if uninsured but talking with your gp might help.  There may be meds to help ease that anxiety.  ..Barring that read up on cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) it can be helpful for dealing with stressful situations.  Beyond that trust in your own awesomeness.  
Glad you're here!  Congratulations on acknowledging the issues alcohol creates in life...For me a couple of axioms that I've proved for myself:..Alcohol didn't make one thing better in my life.  It did not make me wittier more charming taller nor increase my IQ.  ..Alcohol did not improve my health...Alcohol did not improve my relationships...Alcohol did not contribute to my professional career...Alcohol is a depressant and did not make me happier...I looked hard at those data.  The reality of what was occurring...When I removed alcohol that's actually when "life" showed up.  I was present for it...You know what I've noticed?  My emotions health finances relationships fitness social interactions and happiness all improved!..Life showed up and I answered the door...Just like this morning...All I'm gonna do today is just not have ONE drink.  The First One Today.
