-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yzbcb/i_feel_like_im_on_the_verge_of_a_relapse/

I have been weighing the pros and cons of starting to drink again. I don't think I can drink like a "normal person"--whatever that means--but I'm at a point where I'm so anxious and sad and fairly miserable that I want to say "fuck it" and drown these feelings. I can often push these thoughts out of my head or combat my inner addict with my sober self. For the past month or so I've been yearning for a release and escape from myself...I want to get back on track with my sobriety but I'm not sure how. My life is scattering into little pieces and I can't connect the dots and see the whole picture. I feel pretty alone with this in my group of friends--most are moderate to heavy drinkers. My closest ones are not or have experience with sobriety but I can't keep feeling like I'm missing out on the fun and escape everyone is having...When I'm around drunk people I think they're incredibly annoying and kinda look down on that behaviour. I try not to be judgemental in any aspect of my life and I feel like I'd be having a better time if I just let loose and joined them. Maybe if I drank I'd be having fun with them instead of sitting around waiting for the night to pass so I can be alone with my books and Netflix. Maybe I'd be able to get through a night of writing my thesis (ironically about sobriety) instead of being too paralyzed by anxiety and fear of failure to start...I'm really taking it day by day at this point. "I won't drink for today" is really saving my sobriety. My partner is incredibly helpful because when I breech the subject with him (looking for someone to justify my potential re-entry into active alcoholism) he always reminds me that I was a bad drinker and it's not worth it. I'm very grateful that he doesn't enable me and that I'm very open about my choice not to drink: my friends would all be concerned if I began again. ..Any advice on how to get over this plateau? I feel like I'll fall hard if I drink and I want to continue to climb upward in my journey of sobriety. It's getting harder with time and I guess I thought it'd get easier. I thought sober life would be the "answer" to all life's problems and everything would fall into place. Instead I feel stuck in myself and don't know how to break free of the shackles I've forged and locked into.
----------immediate responses--------

About 750 days in I was where you are at now. The burden of not drinking felt so heavy. I felt that I was missing out on a lot of life things like social drinking. I felt that life was so long and there was no way I was going to make it the rest of my life not drinking so if it was inevitable why not just start now. ..But I was forgetting the bad times. I was forgetting how bad drinking actually made me feel. How my self esteem and self worth were completely destroyed by alcohol. The self hatred I had drinking. The vomiting. The tremors. The gout. The anxiety in the morning. The destruction of my entire morning and afternoon recovering just so I could start drinking again in the evening. Sober life isn't the answer to all life's problems. It just solves one huge problem: drinking. ..There is no drink out there that is better than being sober. ..If you have gone 830 days what is another season of not drinking going to matter? Give yourself more time to think through this decision. 
I cant offer advice because I've only been sober for two days. I can say that what you are feeling is exactly what I was feeling before I relapsed. I wish I never started drinking again. It is so not worth it in any way. My mother often reminds me that when I am feeling lost and hopeless and weak and out of control that those are just the lies my destructive brain is telling me. Truth is I am strong just like you are strong. And we are not alone. When I was in rehab years ago they often told us that addiction wants us to isolate or to feel isolated that's how it get us. It tricks us into believing we are lonely and no one understands so we stop connecting. I wish that before I started drinking again I would have found the courage to just tell one person I trusted that I was in serious trouble instead of hiding behind a wall of "no one understands." I don't know you but i hope you don't drink because that pain you'll feel the next morning when you're hungover...not worth it.
I know when I hear "that little voice" it's time to get my butt to a meeting and share those thoughts!..FOMO is a shell game.  It offers the promise of one thing but when you lift the shell there's nothing there but harmful behaviors annoying conversations DUIs blackouts jail bad relationships and more...Read some of the posts written here each day such as "well I thought I could have one glass of wine"; "well I had two pints and its three months later"; "well I need to got through withdrawal again"...Been to a meeting?
Man that is tough. All i can say is when ive felt similarly trapped...sometimes ive been able to breakthrough naturally. It has felt like im never gonna be fixed so whats the point. The shackles the plateaus...its all too familliar. I also struggle with manic depression anxiety and ocd. ..But it was usually right at the most painful times that i broke thru. An example is my insomnia--it was pretty bad up until a few weeks ago. I broke down and called my mom in agony. It made me feel worse at first it was embarrassing she wasnt telling me what i wanted to hear. But then we figured out a way she could help me. Since then..its been a complete turn around. At the time it seemed like it couldnt get fixed unless i did something extreme. Like shove psych meds down my throat. But i had tried to solve shit with drugs and alcohol so many times and it never freaking worked that i chose to trust doing something organic. ..Hang in there fellow sobriety warrior. Ur in my thoughts
Have you talked with a therapist or you doctor about your depression and anxiety?  Those were definitely underlying causes that lead me to seek shelter inside a bottle.  I'm now on medication that takes some of the bite out of that particular two headed monster.  It's really helped me get away from the feeling of needing to turn my brain off. 
[deleted]
