-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4z49tt/so_this_happened_in_my_aa_meeting/

I've been going to AA since January 2nd. I find it helpful - but i am more "monitoring" than really participating. No sponsor. Don't speak in meetings haven't gotten a SINGLE phone number. I always hear at least one thing that I take with me - however i know that i need to get deeper in to really progress on my journey. .I go to a big co ed mid day meeting. One day a woman i know - not from AA - walks in. I HATE her. I have very very good reason not to trust her. A REALLY good reason. It was a Friday. I've never been back to a Friday meeting there..Recently i've been struggling. And sure enough who walks into my Thursday meeting - but untrustworthy lady. I got up and left. I left because what should be the safest place on earth with her there turns incredibly unsafe for me. So i was "talking" to my higher power saying "why would you put her in my path of recovery?!!!!!" "why would you let her of all people come into my safe place." I was pissed. The other night lying in bed unable to sleep - i finally was quiet enough to hear the answer. I need to change meetings. The "voice" was clear. While I like this meeting - it is too big so big i can stay silent. I don't have to be noticed. If I am going to get all the things i want and know i need (sponsor network etc) I need a smaller group setting. I literally laughed out loud. I haven't found that new meeting/group yet - but at least I know what i'm looking for. I will not drink today - even though I really hate that lady!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes the universe has a good way of ~~forcing us~~ helping us along. ;) Sounds like you know what to do. For me going to meetings didn't really do much. It was getting the sponsor working the steps and getting into service that really made the difference. Best of luck :)
Love when "the voice" speaks to me. It's not often and I cherish it when it does. Congrats. I'm happy you have decided to listen....And eff that lady. 
[removed]
I had an abusive person from my past show up at a meeting too and I left. Plenty of meetings out there and I don't need to go to a place that makes me feel bad. I'm sure aa doesn't attract all the finest people out there so it's bound to happen. Hope that one works for them.
