-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4za9wd/almost_16_days_sober_whats_it_like_to_be_sober/

I stopped drinking on December 15th of 2015. With the intention in mind to go for as long as I could and start drinking again as the summer began and when the party would start at work. My journey took me to 162 days sober. I remember the night I broke the streak like it was yesterday. I bought a Newcastle beer on the way home from work it was sometime in May and I was going to have that beer and watch a movie...I opened the beer and immediately had a rush of guilt fill my body. You have come so far why start now. The movie started and I took my first drink. I only had one that night and promised myself that I would limit it to two drinks moving forward and thats it. ..Well I can tell you it led to no where but down shit creek. I did pretty well for the rest of May June came along and I had a night where I got blitzed out of my mind with friends and it didn't end well. Followed by another night just a few weeks ago that I have decided to quit drinking hopefully forever...For me personally I have found out one thing about myself that I have known since my very first drink. I CAN NEVER STOP AT JUST ONE. I dont want it to come to the day when the lightbulb comes on because I slammed into a car while drinking and driving or worse kill someone because my judgment is awful. I took the advice I got from a fellow member here /u/SoberApok who told me when I first started this in December of last year "Stop now or you will never stop" You will just keep putting it off. So I decided two weeks ago that I needed to stop for good this time...For my second go around at this I plan on being more active on here and make plans to lose weight and be more active. The thing about not drinking is that you all of a sudden have a lot of time on your hands! If your someone new to the sub reddit reading this just remember that we are all here together going through somewhat of the same struggle you are and in the end we are all here to help you and each other through all of this...Temptation will always and forever be around us to drink. It is up to us to say Not Today!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome to have you back. And thanks for sharing what you have been through these past few months. It helps me and others I am sure to not drink today. We're in this together!
Awesome awesome post!!!!!!!! Thank you for this :)
Great post. I always hope that when people make a detailed reflective post like this one about breaking their sober streak and how badly it went they realize there's a very real chance they've just talked at least one person out of doing the same thing. I'm struggling a bit lately with not giving in to the "fuck its" (I'm almost at 3 months dry) and this hit home a bit. Thanks. 
Thank you for posting this. I never grow tired about people writing about their experiences of going back out and how it's not worth it.
Good to have you back. I too have quit for good because moderation was such a massive failure. 
Hey mate good work on that first effort and to start again that's awesome. If you can do that long in the first place you got this :). 
Thank you for this reminder. Keep it up! 
Thanks for the reminder. ..Every time I have relapsed I have gone out to get shit faced. I have never ever gone out to drink a beer or two. I have always known that I need to get shit faced and then the world will just go away. Ever relapse has been picking up where I left off and progressing to a new level. ..I have never understood why people sip drinks and get tipsy. How you get to a point where you have now had enough and need to go home. To me the entire point is to get hammered tipsy would frustrate the hell out of me. ..Well that's how my mind works on the topic of alcohol its all or nothing so I'm very pleased with the nothing at the moment. 
Thank you for this
I went almost 13 months not drinking ending last August 2015.  I wound up having very similar results to yours some not as bad some even more severe.  It is now August 2016 and it's been a solid years since I've gone more than a week or two without getting totally housed and now I'm going through something very closely related to my drinking and not thinking clearly that is causing so much anxiety it's nearly impossible to bear.  I hope I can get through this to the other side healthy so I can use the memory and fear and pain I'm in right now to finally get back on the wagon.  I wish with everything I have that I'd never gotten off.
Great share.  You probably helped a lot of people.  After I took the first drink that drink took control thereafter and I could not predict where it would take me.
Welcome back and thank you for posting...The posts about having some time sober and then starting again are always interesting to me as I still get a little niggle every now and again about moderation. I know I can't and your post reinforces that.
Going to treatment in a couple weeks and have been constantly looking forward to a time when I can drink "socially" again and telling myself this is reasonable. I am starting to realize that's never going to happen for me. No such thing as just one. ..Posts like this are a true reality check. Thanks for posting your story and good luck to you and your sobriety.
Great post glad you made it back thanks for sharing!! 
I was 5 months sober in 2012 and again in 13 relapsed hard both times. I was scared that I could never get sober again because I seemed to relapse every time I tried. This time I have over 600 days and I take it one day at a time. 
It's so supportive to see someone say the same things that I'm thinking I can't just have one either. One means one a day which means I can have two on the weekend right?.Well my soccer team won so that's a cause for celebration right??..Yeh... THAT slippery slope is VERY well known to me...Thanks for posting and I WON'T be drinking with you today!
Thanks for your thoughtful post
One is too many and a hundred is not enough
Welcome back!
Something I've started saying to myself is that the *consequences* of trying to moderate and failing are impossible to predict. Will I maim myself? Fall on one of my pets? Get in my car and kill someone? ..This isn't like learning to juggle where the worst that can happen is I drop some balls on the floor. ..*In theory* there's a method for moderation out there that could work for me. But how much carnage will I leave in my wake in the search for it? Will I even survive? It's the height of selfishness to willfully put myself and others in danger just so that I can keep catching a buzz. 
Thanks for the valuable reminder.  I know that relapse regret posts on r/stopsmoking have stopped me from having "just one" cigarette and I hope your post helps people who are wavering that way with alcohol. 
Feeling like a failure and that one shouldn't even bother trying to stay sober again...The first time I relapsed was when I wanted to "celebrate" my first month of sobriety.  Celebrating sobriety by drinking is like celebrating not being in prison by getting yourself thrown into one.
Thanks OP and all the rest for the reminder that it's not getting any better out there. Exactly what I need today. 
I appreciate you sharing this. These stories from the slippery slope definitely remind me to keep back. I won't be drinking with you today. 
Thank you for sharing. At almost eight months out I'm starting to deal with the lies I tell myself about how I could handle it this time around if I took up drinking again. How I would be moderate. Thank you for helping me make the right decision today.
Very good post and I can really relate. I am capable of moderating for a long stretch of time and have done so many times but eventually it always gets the best of me and I end up feeling guilty and ashamed. 
