-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zcgro/that_relapse_dream/

I dreamt I drank three shitty beers while watching my football team play at my favorite pub. I used to down beers and shots there then drive the 20 miles home. Ugh. So I dreamt I was buzzed but hated it felt devastated that I had to reset my badge. When I woke up I was so relieved! Fuck that! I think I'll say at home for the Premier League this year... Go Liverpool!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I've had these dreams about once or twice a week since I've been sober. They are horrible and feel more real each time. But they are still just dreams and I think that as long as one doesn't feel an irresistible urge to drink while awake things are going okay. I'm also a football fan by the way going to every home match. Of course this was always combined with drinking quite a lot of beer and still is with my friends. Still it's one of the only things I really enjoy and which make me feel alive so I won't let alcohol take that away from me. I just drink Coke or water. Luckily my friends are very understanding concerning that matter. 
I've actually had dreams this time around where I am offered a drink but say no. Maybe my subconscious is finally learning something.
I've had drinking dreams throughout my 104 days. They started out with me getting drunk. I would wake up very anxious but realize it was just a dream thank god!..Now I still get them every once in a while but it's usually me drinking just a little for some weird reason even though I know I don't drink anymore I still do it in the dream. ..Drinking dreams seem very common here and I think they do tend to lessen as you pick up more days without alcohol but who knows. 
I've had a couple of those dreams recently.  Also while was still drinking I had stress dreams about people finding out about my drinking.  Or a dream about doing something really dumb while drinking.  It was like my unconscious mind was begging me to stop.  Fuck that is right!  Not drinking with you today :)
About 6 months into my sobriety I had a *drink dream* so vivid that I woke up and almost called my sponsor.  I hit a lunch meeting because I felt so deflated.  They asked if anyone had a topic to discuss. I brought up *drink dreams* and that became the meeting's topic.  There was much talk about it and then the old man in the back with 35+ years of sobriety shares "I dream about women other than my wife all the time.  I don't consider it cheating  because IT'S JUST A DREAM."..I felt better about the situation and left smiling. 
I still get freaked out when I have those kinds of dreams.
