-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zp2od/i_am_new_looking_for_a_bit_of_help/

Hello :)  ..I've been a lurker here in the past during my many attempts to quit drinking. I find your guys' posts really helpful and inspiring and I plan to continue checking in here regularly at least until I get a few months under my belt.  ..I was hoping that some of you could provide some general suggestions or maybe some particular to my situation. I am really really trying to change my life but am also starting to feel a little bit hopeless as this is the 1001th time I've tried to quit.   ..For context I'm a mid-twenties female going to university. I have only a couple of courses left in my degree and yet am struggling to complete them. I almost got kicked out of school recently for a poor performance this past summer and missing some final exams. That really scared me. The biggest reason I'm back in school doing a second degree is because I was very unhappy at my previous low-level job which I thought was triggering a lot of drinking. I really do like my new program but being in school hasn't really helped with my sobriety. Until this point I was miraculously getting okay grades and scraping by. Now I'm walking on very thin ice and I'm scared.  ..In addition to school I have ruined many relationships (friends and potential romantic ones) I've injured myself and am lucky that I'm not dead have flaked out on pretty much everyone in my life on a regular basis spent ridiculous amounts of money on alcohol and drunken purchases and just in general engaged in so much risky behaviour that sober me would never do. And yet as much I recognize this and hate it I have been unable to stay sober for more than a few weeks. Usually just a few days.  ..Anyway this is what I'm doing now: a lot of therapy antabuse exercise and eating healthy (although I have always done this) reading a lot of spiritual texts like The Power of Now avoiding people who I feel the need to drink around (I am quiet and use alcohol as a social crutch) volunteering (I really enjoy it and it balances out my school/work schedule) and engaging myself in creative outlets.  ..But there is still this voice in my head that pops up constantly throughout the day. It says "You know what would be fun? You know what would make this situation better? Some alcohol."  ..And I usually shut it down by screaming at it in my head saying "No! You are a liar! Shut up and go away!"  ..But the voice keeps trying. And eventually I cave.  As soon as my response to that voice changes from angry to "oh okay maybe you are right..." there is NO stopping me from walking to the liquor store and chugging down some alcohol. It's too late at that point. As soon as I decide there is a slight possibility the voice is right it's over and I'm gettin drunk. I need to get rid of the voice...Sooooo if you have managed to read this far do you have any tips for permanently shutting down that voice? Is there something else I should be doing in my life to help achieve sobriety? Would AA be good for me? ..I am a quiet meek-looking/nerdy-looking girl who doesn't really enjoy the atmosphere of AA (I've tried in the past). But at this point I am wondering if I should get a sponsor or something. I am open to all suggestions or tips fire away :) Thanks for reading.  ...Edit: Just wanted to say that after only a couple of hours of posting this and reading your guys' comments I am two chapters in to This Naked Mind. And wow this lady gets it. It's like reading The Power of Now for the first time but in a way that is tailored towards alcoholism. The fact that I need to change my unconscious makes so much sense. I am *constantly* make "conscious" decisions and positive steps in my life in order to quit drinking. I've been doing this for at least 7 years. But nothing has ever sunk in and now I'm beginning to understand why. Thank you guys for your help this is what I've needed and I look forward to talking with you all more on SD :).
----------immediate responses--------

Holy shit are you me from five years ago?..I was in a very similar situation. Struggling to complete my undergrad getting drunk trying to scrape by on mediocre jobs and ruining everything I touched. I was in a strained relationship and just wanted to die half the time...What I did was struggle struggle struggle...and then I started applying to go to rehab. I knew it was a two month process so I just started. By the time I got accepted I was drinking vodka all day everyday and not eating. I was ready. My last night of drinking something snapped inside of me...I did a lot of hard work to help myself get better: similar things you're doing now...The difference was I believe a really really solid writing assignment that highlighted the depths that drinking took me to and group therapy to help me realize my shit. I also just didn't want to be a drinker anymore: I realized it was recovery or death. I was close to suicide.
[removed]
The most important thing for me was to really really want to be sober. Changing the "should" to a "want" took me a long time.  Sounds like you might be there!  That little voice is like a two-year-old having a tantrum.  When it wins it is encouraged to continue the behavior.  So . . . The little voice may not shut up right away because it has won plenty in the past. Since you asked for suggestions I'm assuming our moderators will allow them.  (If not I'll delete it and try another approach.)  I don't know what will work for you here. Being absolutely uninterested in what it has to say would be nice. Maybe you can visualize your current life as a burning building and the voice as someone trying to pull you back in. Or something graphic and horrifying to you if that doesn't do it. Or treating as too utterly ridiculous for your attention.  And maybe you can figure out what you really want (or what will forestall action) when the voice starts . . . water? a break? A long hot bath?  A hug? Something detailed and engrossing or running worked for me in the past.This might be the place for work with a temporary AA sponsor.  Or the chat here.  Have you read through the Sunday solutions?   This Naked Mind?  A book that is not about addiction but about the workings of the brain is Buddha's Brain by Rick Hanson.  There is a wealth of information and a lot of different approaches to not drinking.  The wisdom of those who have been sober for a long time is foolproof. Just. Don't. Have. The. First. Drink.  And everyone on SD wants to help you do that! .  
Yup...that voice is a bit*h. Someone told me recently that they read somewhere to stop trying to kill the want just kill the yes. I've been trying to focus on this as much as possible. I know I'm going to want to drink and I don't know how long that will last but just for now I won't say yes to the desire..You are right as soon as you decide it might be okay to have a drink you're screwed. I personally find AA to be helpful. Even though I'm not religious I was desperate. I've only got 6 days of sobriety but I just keep going to meetings. Trying to make connections with people helps me as an introvert and AA provides that.
