-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zqzfk/i_need_to_start_over/

So I've had two attempts at sobriety; one lasted forty-nine days the other five months & I've been drinking every day since August 8th. I had a date with this chick & was feeling anxious so I chugged one of those 500ml boxes of wine before our date & we had a lovely time. It was that experience that got me back into drinking because we had FUN. It wasn't depressing like it used to be...I relapsed July 15th one day before the two year anniversary of my brother's death. That whole fucking month was a shithole everyday was a constant battle in my mind not to drink. I had two blue moons July 15th & didn't drink again until my old GM's going away party July 22nd & then drank again the next two days & didn't enjoy it at all.. I thought maybe I was free...I understand now that I am completely powerless over alcohol I realize that once again. I need help & I don't have enough gas in my car to go to meetings right now & this community has helped me so many times before so I desperately need y'all's encouraging words because I know I can't do this alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Man that's a lot of tough stuff to be slogging through. Just remember that there's no problem that alcohol can't make worse. Since you have several successful stretches of sobriety behind you that tells me you can do it again. You clearly KNOW that you shouldn't drink. You KNOW that it disagrees with you. Try to remember that those occasional fun drinking times were not BECAUSE of the alcohol...they were because of you. I know that feeling of having fun while drinking. I know all about drinking to quell anxiety. Or drinking to numb depression or pain. That person that can have fun or survive pain is there no matter what. Sometimes alcohol can help bring him to the surface for a little while. But it will ALWAYS eventually push him back under...Best of luck to you.
It is great that you're taking stock dusting yourself off and starting over. You are capable of so much and we are here for you anytime.
Hang in there. You know what I read a lot of comments where people describe a particular period of time as being "a bad week" or "a bad month" etc and in a way justifying their dependence on alcohol. A lot of the time it relates to anniversaries of lost friends and relatives etc such as your reference to your brother. My Dad died 38 years ago when I was 8 and my sister died when she was 15. I feel like I've grown up thinking I was ripped off and like no one else had ever had to deal with such a loss. I was unique in my own mind. And I've drunk a lot of alcohol along the way. It's not until recently that I have realised that there are so many people everywhere who have lost loved ones. Such as yourself. And yes it's hard but not everyone drinks alcohol in someway thinking that they need to because of that. In fact the longer I go without alcohol the more I see others quietly managing to deal with that pain without any reliance on alcohol. I really think that alcohol provides short term relief / numbing it down but it's always followed by depression and sadness again. Alcohol is a depressant. It's never going to help long term. Sorry if this sounds a bit long winded. It feels like therapy to me just typing it out. I don't think anyone ever gets over losing a close friend or relative. Only time can heal and that has been a slow process for me but if I'm honest drinking so much alcohol along the way has done nothing to help. Take care and all the best. You can do this!
You've got this. The first drink is when you sink. I had my first craving yesterday just when it felt like things were starting to go well for me and I had to recognize it for what it was and just say HELL NO. We don't get fooled again. We're here for you!
I have struggled also but have put some nice sober runs together.  Our experiments keep leading us to the same conclusions.  Let's both put together another nice sober run and reinforce what we already know.  Sooner or later we will get rewired and will be off to the races for good.  I believe this if we keep trying and progressing.  We can't win this if we give up.  Let's not do that.  I did not drink with you today.  
Totally get it man. I had over a year and decided to try it out and it was really fun...for a while. But it never ends there with me. I'm always chasing the "fun" one and ignoring the 10 that are shit...or worse. Hang in there and remember the bad ones if you can instead. 
