-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zrats/this_time_has_to_stick/

I'm 31 years old I've known since I was 19 that I had a problem with drinking. Alcohol has ruined every relationship I've ever had. Alcohol has almost killed me on countless occasions. ..A few years ago I got into some trouble because of drinking. It really opened up my eyes that yes I am a alcoholic and something needs to be done. I was forced to goto 120 AA meetings and 48 alcohol counseling sessions. I learned alot about myself during this time. I tried to quit drinking over and over but as many of you probably have said to yourself "I can control this I can drink" ..Well... This past Sunday I ruined another relationship. The girl of my dreams. I was drunk and said some nasty shit. I don't remember any of it. But it came out of my mouth I was the one that put the liquor into my system. I am to blame. ..I'm so over all the hurt and pain the loneliness the anger just all the negative side effects that come along with my addiction to alcohol. ..I don't see myself being happy in my future if I ever take another drink because the person I am under the influence is just a awful human being. I need to start pushing my life into the right direction...I ended my relationship with Jack Daniels last night I told myself I'm giving it one last go and then I'm fucking DONE. I regret that decision like crazy cause holyshit I am hungover right now sitting at work. But I'm sitting here smiling I'm happy I'm actually confident that I'm going to win this battle. ..I'm excited as all hell this weekend I'm going to a meeting or two. I can't wait to be surrounded by other people that know my struggles I need that support. I need to hear other people's struggles and what helps them get through this nightmare. I need to vent I just need so much right now because I know this isn't going to be easy for me. But I can and WILL do it. ..Also going to talk to a therapist on Monday about some anger issues depression and just life in general. ..This struggle has been real. It's been hard. It's been nothing but good for me. Fuck you alcohol. ..Thank you for reading my rant if anyone did. Just needed to get that off my chest. Life is good positive vibes.
----------immediate responses--------

Also I took a picture of the last beer in my hand. Just so I could remember the moment. My last drink. I don't know if that's a good or a bad idea to keep around. But being a alcoholic has consumed my whole life I feel like I need to remember the moment I said goodbye. 
Welcome /u/BeardedTrucker to /r/stopdrinking -- if you've been to AA meetings then you no doubt have heard many of the things I describe in the [Baby Steps post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) but there are also links to community resources that may be helpful to you.  Good luck and welcome aboard.
I feel this. Glad to hear you're going to a therapist. That really helped me. Like you I ruined a relationship saying foolishness in a stupor. And I am remembering the last drink: it was a father's day beer with a fellow father. I'm just making sure it was the last. Welcome!.
Glad you're here. Life is so much better without the booze.
This sub is full of people who learned (usually the hard way) moderation is not possible and abstinence is the only option. We will not drink with you today. 
Hi and welcome! Sounds like you have a plan in place and being here is a great start. I'm sure you'll find our community very warm welcoming and supportive. We're here for you! :)
We can do this.  We have to keep on progressing until the magic happens.  Let's not give up!
Been there.....You are the one that can alter your course.....You have determined relationships don't work for you with alcohol....That is the first step acknowledging that....You can do it...
I see good things for you. I've had some similar experiences. I quit a hundred times until it stuck
