-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ztlt7/i_started_naltrexone_and_i_could_not_be_happier/

So I live in a super rural area where there isn't really much to do but well you know. And when I was doing it I was doing it a lot too much. My SO also does it too much and is working through his own issues with it so sometimes it can be hard to take an individual stand against it when your other half is struggling or not on the same page. ..I've been working with a therapist and a Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner over the last 8 months or so and with the help of some low dose antidepressants and blood pressure meds I'm doing a whole hellova lot better...But the drinking prevailed. So after speaking with her Tuesday the 9th she asked if I'd like to try [Naltrexone](https://www.drugs.com/ppa/naltrexone-hydrochloride.html) and I said why the hell not. ..Of course we made sure it didn't interact with anything I'm currently taking. ..The next Monday(the 15th) I began taking the pills each morning. ..The first few days I noticed some side effects a little wooziness feeling the need to yawn and stretch a lot getting the shivers. Nothing major and they eventually passed. ..I also noticed another thing the first few days: I didn't... think... about having a drink. I mean I may have thought about alcohol at different points throughout the day but I didn't think of it in a way that made me want to actually drink. ..The cravings aren't there and due to that it's easier for me to manage my time and observe myself a bit better. I definitely still need to "dose" to get my happy endorphins (snacking drinking soda SNACKING) but I am able to keep it all in that area... the area of snacking alcohol-free beverages and such. Also I have begun to do more around the house in general just finding myself being busier now that I'm not walking around in a zombie-like haze every day...And now that I've had a little bit of time in the clear skies of sobriety(so cheesy) I feel great! I feel good I am happier I am doing my best to NOTICE and PRESENTLY ENGAGE in how seriously happy I am about life. I'm baking bread I'm going on bikerides I'm walking my dogs I'm hanging things up in the house we just bought this last year. Currently I'm rambling...Back to the Naltrexone. The pills are obviously not to be taken with alcohol so if you take one you have an extra "wall" of sorts to stand behind in defense from any enabling thoughts that might sneak through or any enabling people who might try to "help" you with a drink. .."No thanks I'm taking some meds right now and they don't react well with alcohol."..This medication has served me so well being out here with just me and my SO it's given me just that little bit of support that I *needed* to stand up on my own and work through this problem. I'm so happy to have learned about this stuff!...
----------immediate responses--------

Great to hear! I've been researching that drug myself and the pros definitely outweigh the cons.  Here I'm the UK I'm having a hard time getting my gp to prescribe  moved to my third clinic this year so I'm hoping this one will be able to help. 
Naltrexone daily was an important aid early in my sobriety too.  I've met several people who get the once monthly shot with good success too.  ..To me the biggest upside to the medication is that it reduces craving rather than punishing consumption directly (antabuse) or potentially reacting dangerously (anti-anxiety).  My prescribing doctor told me that if I did drink on naltrexone most likely I would have one or two and just... be done.  Like OP though I noticed a moderate adjustment period of soreness/awareness of my joints/ etc then had no more issues with craving. ..Interestingly  it's the same chemical as Narcan.  So if you take it you are also blocking narcotics from having any effect on you.
Works for me no side effects.
Worked for me using  the Sinclair method. I took it at least one hour before the expected drink. It made me drink a lot less. After a few months I just quit. I didnt feel like drinking. 75 days without alcohol and don't miss it a bit.
It worked great for me and I actually discontinued it because I didn't want to stay on med's too long (clarify: I'm trying to get to the point where I can also get off my BP and thyroid pills and eventually anti-depressant). I'm doing very well and my last blood work report is pointing toward this! Yay!..Glad this is working for you!
I tried naltrexone. It worked for a while and then at day 12 I got the biggest craving that caught me off guard. I mistakenly thought naltrexone would take away all my cravings; it didnt. I'm happy it is working for you! I think it works best when one remains vigilant as well :)
[deleted]
Good for you OP!  I got the naltrexone implant about a month ago.  Lasts two months. Couldn't stay compliant with pills.  So far it's working great!
Just hearing that this exists gives me hope. I'm just barely 24 hours in. Thanks. 
I've found the side effects of Naltrexone terrible. Even on a quarter or half dose I get sleepy and drugged feelings. I get the same from antidepressants I've tried too. 
Had back luck with it. Just made me feel "flat" and depressed and fuzzy headed. Oh and I still drank. Yuck no thanks.
