-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zuktn/10_days_sober/

Hi.My name is Daniel and I am 29 years old we'll will be the big 30 on the 2nd of September. I have dealt with heavy drinking since my deployment to Iraq in 08. Often times finding myself downing 10 to 12 beers a night and barely feeling for a buzz. After man years of struggling with depression  and PTSD I have decided to give sobriety a try. To me drinking was an easy way of drowning out the nightmares and constant flashbacks. Well that was a little about me and how I got here.
----------immediate responses--------

First of all thank you for your service.  My brother has done a couple of tours in the Persian Gulf and I admire you both. I am sorry about the PTSD but am so happy you have found your way here. Secondly congrats on 10 days!! I was drinking a bottle  of wine a night and challenged myself to stay sober 90 days.  I completed that  went on vacation and started drinking again.  I'm back because I thoroughly missed the benefits of sobriety.  During my 90 days I found the first two weeks to be the hardest. Cheers and welcome!
My best friend was a 30 year old Iraq War veteran with PTSD and likely depression.  He told me he often felt flat or dull and would drink heavily to experience emotion.  I always wondered how he would thrive if he had tried sobriety and therapy.  I'm glad you are giving it a try. 
Hey there!  Congrats on the 10 days that is fantastic :)  Have you thought about seeking outpatient treatment at all such as therapy?  Trauma related experiences can so hard on the brain lots of specific therapy interventions out there for this type of thing.  I hope that you begin to feel better soon and I am not drinking with you today!
not drinking will definitely improve your over all mood and positive outlook on life. you will feel physically better !
Welcome Daniel and happy birthday. I'm glad you posted and I hope you'll keep sharing your journey.
Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for your service Daniel. Welcome!! 10 days is absolutely HUGE! Congratulations on making it that far. All we have to worry about is today. Not tomorrow or a year from now. Just today. I quit by switching from a fifth of vodka every night to a pint of Ben n Jerry's every night and bought an xbox to keep me busy. I still don't eat a pint of ice cream every night but the first month and a half it was crucial to get something to keep eating through the night. I eventually quit with the ice cream and started running and lost 84 pounds over the last 6 months! Always feel free to post questions on here!
not only is booze a mood depressant it will also stop you from accomplishing things. accomplishments however small they may be seem to be really helping with my depression. lack of accomplishments seems to validate and intensify the strange depressive cycles my head falls into so booze is actually a mega-negative thing. id say do some things you couldnt do before when you were drinking and take a moment to soak it in. 
Hey Daniel! Welcome so happy to have you here! Happy (early) 30th Birthday :). I'd like to sincerely thank you for your service for your sacrifice for your dedication and strength. ..I hope you settle in here and make yourself comfortable knowing that you've got all of us backing you and welcoming you with open arms! You're not an empty canvas - more like a beautiful portrait brother. It takes a lot of courage to do this especially because of the battles you still fight with nightmares and flashbacks. We'll do our best to make you feel at home :). We will heal...together.
Hoping the best for you :)
Have you tried a drug called prazosin? It really helps with PTSD nightmares and my dad (Vietnam Vet) said it was a "Godsend."
Great job! I'm on day 4. I'll not drink with you today.
