-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zuugx/hi_its_been_a_while/

So I haven't posted here in a long time since I did technically drink a few times within the past year so if you guys want to reset my badge that's cool with me. I hope I don't get down voted into oblivion because of this but I just wanted to come on here to share how my recovery has been. ..After my baby was born it was hard I was thinking about it all the time I finally tried 2 glasses of wine when he was about 4 months old. It sucked I didn't like the taste the way I felt and I also didn't like not being 100% present while caring for my baby. So I didn't try again for a month or so then I tried 2 beers when he had a babysitter and I had a few hours to myself. Didn't like it missed my baby hated that I was away from him to do something so time consuming and silly like drink. So I didn't have anymore for a long time after that. ..Now when offered I almost always turn it down I wouldn't say I'm 100% abstaining but he's almost 2 now so I haven't been "drunk" in almost 3 years and I don't ever want to be drunk. I am so in love with my son that I never want one moment of my life to be out of control. Basically I am no longer comfortable being out of control. I never want anyone to be more coherent and fit than I am to care for my son. I haven't had one craving in about 6 months or so. On very rare occasions I will have half of a beer when out with friends. By rare I mean once every few months. It's not a big thing I don't care about leaving the rest on the table and leaving if I don't want it. I'm more interested in the food and I don't want to fill up on beer. I just feel like a totally different person than when I started here. I have a purpose and it's my kid. Even when he's been screaming for hours and I am on the edge of insanity I may briefly think of alcohol as an escape but then I think about dealing with a toddler while having a hangover and it makes me laugh... I wouldn't say I'm cured or anything magical like that I just know that I am his protector and that overrides everything. I think the only reason I craved it in the very beginning of his life was because I hadn't formed that bond with him yet. I had/have a bad case of PPD that I am now on medication for and that's helping a lot. ..So there's my story it's different than most posted here I came on here that day 3 years ago and I needed a ton of help you guys were/are amazing. I have come a long way if anything changes as my child gets older I will be more active on here I know everyone says it's something that creeps up on you with me though it's been the opposite. My son keeps me so grounded I don't even stay up past 10 anymore. I am constantly preparing for the future instead of living in the moment. So yeah I'm not 100% abstaining but I'm like 90%. This is NOT the norm this is also not something for the early people to take and try to justify to do the same I was very nervous to post here for that reason. I would've taken this post and relapsed in a month so take this with a huge grain of salt. I'm just checking in saying I love you all for what you do. So many lives changed mine included. Keep up the great work and to the newbies I used to count the minutes sober so it definitely takes a long time to get clarity....If you've made it this far thanks for reading. :)
----------immediate responses--------

that's really great :) congratulations on the baby and the happy ending!
congratulations!  sounds like you have stronger/better motivation than just getting wasted.  i think your story is wonderful!
[From the FAQ:](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_badges_.28reddit_flair.29_.26amp.3B_bells):..&gt;Your badge is yours and yours alone. You are entitled to use it however you see fit. 
Sounds like you've got it working!
