-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zw7dp/death_and_alcohol/

My brain is on a spiral and I can't seem to make it stop. My mom is passing away. It's the dreaded death watch. I've struggled with alcohol for 2 years now as a way to cope with losing mom who is my best friend. I'm somewhat successful at it some of the time. My relationship with my brothers and my husband is  broken. My job is stressful but very enjoyable. In fact it's the only place where I get a "break". Last night I watched mom laying there in a weakened state and it just couldn't cope. I drove straight to the store for wine. I need to go back today to see her and that is sending me into anxiety and panic. I just want my peaceful existence back.
----------immediate responses--------

that all sounds awful and so painful and not being able to help her must be the worst part.
Thinking of you! I'll not drink today in solidarity with you. ..It's hard to go through this. I'm at the beginning of losing my Mom (terminal heart failure) so I haven't gotten to this part yet. But I did lose my dad 7 years ago and I remember drinking to cope with it. That was probably the start of my alcoholism honestly. It's not easy and I hope you feel supported in all of this. 
I'm so very sorry. 
I am so sorry you are going through this my heart aches for you.  I had a similar experience with my sister's death.  I know it's trite but alcohol is a depressant and did not help me.  Is it possible to see a doctor and get something for the anxiety/panic?  I did not seek out help and regret it I actually walked away from much of my support system.  ..I wish I could help I am so sorry.  Life can really f*cking suck sometimes.  
My darkest alcoholic times were when my father was dying of cancer.  I wish I would have done it sober. I wish you well.
My drinking went full alcoholic after my father died and my wife and I had a stillborn child. Drinking seemed to help but I realised when I got sober that I only deferred the process of dealing with it and destroyed my marriage in the process. Favourite  cliche time: There is no situation so bad that drinking will not make it worse. 
Can you speak to your brothers/husband about it? Maybe as a "lending each other support" rather than feeling like you're just asking them for help if you feel uncomfortable with it. It might feel like bad timing with everything but maybe attempting to fix these relationships will help everyone involved. Don't feel like reaching out for help is asking for a babysitter being an adult doesn't mean you can take it on alone 100% of the time.
