-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zz6v8/day_22_managing_sobriety_with_an_eating_disorder/

.Over the past week i've indulged in some mindless eating in the evenings maybe in place of a glass of wine? As someone who suffers from an eating disorder the anxiety can be brutal once you realize what you're doing. I've contemplated purging all fucking week. Alcohol was my signal to stop eating after a meal for whatever reason. I guess I thought it was pointless to keep eating while drinking cuz calories and I wouldn't be able to feel the effects of alcohol with too much food in my stomach. ..At some point you need to give a fuck about yourself. I didn't want to ruin a successful sober day with a bulimia relapse. I really didn't. So i've gone to bed with a stomach full of food some nights. While insanely uncomfortable I knew I wasn't going to bed drunk or hazy from binging and purging. And this is slowly becoming easier for me to accept. ..Things that have helped? Without a doubt eating keto helped a fuck ton. Regular jogs in the morning. Lots of fluids. I've been experimenting with all kinds of tea and flavored soda waters. Distracting with video games. Reading my favorite blogs. Telling myself to be good to me...I wish to be free of all my vices. Alcohol always lead to poor food choices which lead to purging anyway. Two years ago as a regular drunk if I couldn't score drugs I headed straight for the fucking take out menus...I give a fuck about me now. Today will be another day sober and healthy.
----------immediate responses--------

I understand the desire to be free of all vices; that is a tall order! People here have reminded me lately to be patient with myself and my recovery. I noticed that my brain looks for things that I'm doing wrong or neglecting or could improve. So I decided I will do my best to look for the things I'm doing right which you did towards the end of this post! You are giving a fuck about yourself and you are sober and minding your health. That's 3 things! I'm sure there are more! I will not drink AND look for things I'm doing right/well today with you.
I struggle with Ed-NOS going on 16 years running between anorexia and bulimia and binge eating. Sadly I've regressed and been b/ping to replace drinking. :(  I understand your struggle. 
I've transferred my drinking habit into sugar. I just went with it because it helped me not drink but it's been 10 months today so I really need to start trying to tackle the sugar monster within me. 
Before I was an alcoholic I was a food-a-holic. That came right back the second I stopped drinking. 
As a fellow bulimic I can feel your pain here. Even when I was drinking I wasn't eating yet I was purging the alcohol. In my eyes I was 'ridding' myself of the calories in the wine. Of course I'd keep another bottle on hand and start that one shortly thereafter. I have not had bulimic episodes for quite a while now perhaps because I'm not really hungry anymore. I've increased my water and hydration significantly so that may have helped to. If you feel that the keto jogs and different fluids helped perhaps you can continue that while also seeking out more new activities?..I can totally sympathize with you...alcohol and bulimia were my enemies both trying to kill me. Congratulations on 22 days!!
I have two good friends who are in recovery from eating disorders and have talked with both of them about my drinking problems and their ED. They both described using food in similar ways to how I used alcohol. I drank to control or change how I felt. I drank because I felt powerless because I didn't feel like I had any control over my world. Things were scary and I drank. Things were frustrating and I drank. Things were boring and I drank. I also drank to feel better about myself. Even though it was really hard on my self-esteem in the long run when I drank I usually felt pretty good about myself in the moment. ..Drinking made it easier for me to deal with my mental state and my stresses. It wasn't healthy it had mega-bad consequences but it "worked." Sobriety is hard and it can be pretty raw dealing with life without that crutch. I still have moments of frustration with myself and my life and plenty of moments where I make less-healthy choices about how to deal with my stressors. Because I know that exercise and meditation and all that good stuff works but sometimes I choose too much caffeine and getting a little obsessive about new projects and other things that are maybe not *as* healthy. ..I am learning to be kind with myself about my limitations and to recognize that I don't have to be perfect to get or stay sober. I don't have to be perfect to be loved or to be a worthwhile person. It takes a lot of work and time to build up new coping strategies when the old ones are taken away and I'm getting a lot of support in doing that from my therapist. I've also gotten invaluable support from people on here. And I found a lot of fellowship and help in AA and even ran across a few people in meetings who said that their primary addiction was an eating disorder. So there's definitely other people out there who struggle with both. In my area I know there's a few Eating Disorder Anonymous meetings. ..Hope some of this helps!
&gt; Without a doubt eating keto helped a fuck ton. ..If that works for you keep doing it. But for me I need energy stored in my liver...aka carb loading. And my favorite carb to do it is white rice. Glucose is completely non-toxic to the liver unlike fructose and alcohol. The liver can store tons of glucose. And white rice is like just one big glucose chain. I used to binge eat before I started eating rice. But several trips to Asia for extended amounts of time turned me into a rice eater. Not that brown rice crap. Asian's don't eat that and I understand why now. But to sound like a broken record eating white rice cured my eating disorder. Body needs its energy and it is going to damn sure get it even if it means hijacking your brain and making you temporarily insane going on a binge. I have never been so thin in my life since I started eating rice.
I give all of you struggling with eating disorders a hell of a lot of credit in your battle. Stopping drinking alcohol is tough you eliminate alcohol from your life. Dealing with an eating disorder in my opinion must be twice as hard. Ten times as hard. You have to eat everyday to survive. Can you imagine dealing with a drinking problem but you had to have a couple of drinks every day?? Again I give you a lot of credit and wish you well. 
