-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/505cf3/ndv_i_got_up_at_545_this_morning_and_rode_my_bike/

I'm sitting here eating cereal and drinking coffee after my bike ride thinking "A few months ago I'd still be sleeping and hungover and struggling to get out of bed for work right now."..I'm still not the biggest morning person after getting sober. But sobriety gave me the desire to get up earlier to exercise to pull my bike out of the closet and pump up the tires to ride all the way to the city park and visit the ducks. The desire to exercise or be healthy at all. And in the absence of a hangover after what used to be a usual Sunday afternoon bender I could actually get up and do it. ..Yay!..
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome!  I love how an early good walk can now kick-start my day.
Sounds good to me. I still drag ass in the morning but I need to read things like this to motivate me to get better about that. I know where there are some ducks that could use some feeding in my neighborhood.
I absolutely identify with this. I got up at 7 am today and ran 3.5 miles had a leisurly breakfast and made it to work by 9 am. A week ago I'd have been struggling to get up at 10 am. Who knew I was a morning person!
Someone please explain NDV to me. Google is only providing Newcastle Disease Virus. I'm assuming it's No Drinking _______?
Nice!
This sounds just like me! Except I run. And as this is my FIRST day in my commitment I am stinking up my training for my race this fall. :/ But here's to brighter happier earlier mornings and getting more time out of my day! 
Jealous. I'm shopping for a bike so I can do this myself. I'm right near a 30 mile biking trail! ..What kind of bike you got?
Love this. I'm another pre-dawn cyclist but it took me a good six months of sobriety before I found motivation to get up in the dark. Now I ride for two hours every Tuesday Thursday and Saturday morning arriving back home before my wife and kids  wake up. Then I get to have a quiet coffee and read the news. This never happened when I drank. Congrats on the healthy new habit!
Dude listen to me. Stop now. Stop right now. I also started cycling when I gave up the booze and I'm set to do 2000 miles THIS YEAR...I promise you within a few months you're going to be obsessing over Strava stats lusting over carbon bikes and wondering if your hydration strategy is optimal for your 50 mile Saturday long ride etc. etc...Of course I'm joking with you. Five miles is a brilliant brilliant start. Keep it up and you'll soon find great pleasure in really nailing a tough uphill climb and enjoying the view (and the downhill ride afterwards). And you'll know it's just you against the hill with no hangover to fight against...A few of us on here call it two-wheel therapy.
