-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/505s6c/i_need_help_i_keep_telling_myself_i_can_but_fail/

Hi there! ..I'm writing this sitting at work almost numb to my situation. I've tried quitting drinking moderating my drinking and even handling my drinking pretty well. ..I would drink on my way home after work and drink in secret from my fiance. I would buy little shooters and hide them in my laptop bag and drink myself to sleep- all without her knowing or slightly suspecting something. She caught me a couple of times and I would try to change things only to get pangs of wanting to drink again. ..My drinking went from having a beer to needing liquor and plenty of it to get a buzz going. Which is where I'm at right now. Yesterday on my way to work I hit yet another low and bought a plastic six dollar 750ml vodka and hid it yet again in my bag. I drank it throughout the afternoon while on the phone with my parents. My fiance was in another room watching TV so once again it was in secret. ..This morning I wake up to get ready for work go to my laptop bag and see a note from her. It pretty much summed up that she was tired of nagging at me to moderate my drinking and consistently hiding it. Long story short she said that I would need to change the habit or she was going to be leaving. I should add that I woke up we talked and did the regular getting ready in the bathroom together. Then I found the note which put me in the position where I was like "how do acknowledge this?" By that I mean I thought it was going to be a "regular" morning but now there's an elephant in the room. ..Granted she's given me plenty of chances and I always seem to be fine for a bit only for a "relapse" to happen after. I love her and I'm not trying to take advantage of her "niceness" by any means but it may very well seem like I am. ..Can anyone offer any insight? What has worked for you? How can I show her that I'm trying to help myself? Any advice is greatly appreciated. I really do want to get my life back or at least a grip on it. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
&gt;I really do want to get my life back or at least a grip on it. ..Can you get specific about what this means? You talk about your drinking patterns and what you've done in the past--but what is it that you want to do today and going forward?..Insight for me was that I couldn't and wouldn't quit drinking **for** anyone else. Not my wife or my kids. I had to decide I wanted to be a sober person for myself. I'd lose all those anyway if I didn't stop. ..What your fiance is telling you is what you may have in store if you continue drinking. But in my world saving a relationship is not the reason to stop drinking it's a benefit of having done so. ..
I feel you man. I have a similar story. Last week I was caught drinking during the day by my wife. She basically gave me the same ultimatum. I got through the weekend without drinking and am feeling better about things. I thought back and just shake my head on why I was doing all the drinking it seems stupid to me.  I'm going to a SMART recovery meeting tonight just to check it out. I'm not sure what the future holds either. My advice is to check out AA or SMART recovery. Also be real with your fears of giving up drinking/curbing it. It helped my wife when I was real with her about not wanting to give up drinking and being scared to get help. At least I was honest with her and not lying. Don't drink today i'll be there with you. 
Looks like you have been given a wake up call. Or an opportunity guess that depends on how you look at it. ..I don't really stop by here much because I don't think about drinking at all anymore. You can check my profile if you want for some stuff I said to people yesterday. ..Short version: I was a hardcore drinker couldn't quit on my own. I wanted to be done with it forever. Broke down went to doctor and got weeks worth of Librium. Took my pills felt relief it was all over and changed my life.  Was easy for me because I finally had enough. Some people need meetings and support networks. Maybe look into that. I had just had enough and wanted my life back. ..Good luck man
When I was drinking no one could've made me stop with an ultimatum.  I laughed in their faces and took another shot.  You cant tell me what to do!  I only finally quit because I got tired of fucking up and hit yet another rock bottom which involved an ambulance.  That was it for me I just couldn't do it so I made that rock bottom the final one.  I think we are all stubborn and throw in the addiction factor of alcohol and we are stuck until we lose an eye from drinking.  If you lose her do you think that would be enough for you to quit?  What will it take for you?  I think quitting for someone else is a bad place to start.  I wanted to quit so I didn't kill myself kill someone else end up in jail or end up mad in an asylum or homeless...I started by not drinking.  I started going to the gym and reading about alchoholism and journaling and writing and coming here to post and read.  It really all helped me not crave.   Hope you make it.
[deleted]
