-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/506p4g/wall_of_textstory_inside_i_wont_drink_anymore/

... [and this time I mean it](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7015/6806774579_88096cb966.jpg) !..tldr : I am an alcoholic for few years now but more motivated than ever to stop now...I have been lurking for few months especially because I started to realize that I was more and more abusing of this poison..Soooo let's say I was always drinking on week end with friends when I was younger I don't think I was abusing at this moment but surely it triggered the following years...Let's say that 3+ years ago I started to drink alone (I am introverted this is the main reason I think) at first it was not everyday but sometimes and then every week-end and then almost everyday...Because of this I had to repass one year on my expensive school but the second year went better even if I was struggling a lot because of alcohol I was barely working on some group projects etc. every free moment that I could find were alcohol & alcohol...Now for school purpose I am doing a final internship in another country (school requirement) and I was back to a every day work compared to my school during those last 2 years and I started more and more to realize that it won't work with alcohol not at all also the friend I was staying at first who is our program manager at the office discovered that I was drinking and I had to tell him a lot of truth maybe by my honesty it went not that bad... I mean I can be hired after my internship this event could have probably ruined it. I hope it will be fine but it's still early for a confirmation...So during the last few months I am wishing more than ever to stop I improved since I am not drinking during the weeks for a while now but when the week-end comes it is another story....though everytime I regret it and it also make me a bit depressive to feel hopeless about it...Of course I experienced withdrawal maybe not that huge but still...I literally gained 25+kg those last two years I am 100kg now and I just need to fix that only solution : no more alcohol. Also running.....As a fun part and I will lose my "26years old man card" because I am a huge fan of this movie but it seems fitting in a way : [I am never going back the past is in the past !](http://cdn-media-2.lifehack.org/wp-content/files/2015/04/Elsa-the-Snow-Queen-image-elsa-the-snow-queen-36269709-1920-800.png)..Hopefully World of Warcraft Legion that goes out in 3 hours here will help about that (that is why I wanted to post a thread now) but I also need to go outside to make me busy so I don't even think about drinking anymore at all...I also learned here that I should make a goal one day at a time so ... I won't drink today...Thanks for reading and good luck for the others too...PS : I made an alt to be anonymous but I think that if someone that know me reads this post he might detect (especially on the Frozen and WoW parts).
----------immediate responses--------

I too got into the habit of drinking all weekend and regretting it the rest of the week.  I'll not drink with you.
You can do it. Take it slow give yourself time and don't drink for today. Be easy on yourself. You can do it.
Congratulations!  There's a lot of support here!..If you can share what are you studying ?..Just for today I don't drink with you.
