-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5094lh/update_day_43_feeling_good/

Hey guys I am on my day 43 now. I don't focus so much on counting the days though. I am much more focused on remembering not to drink today and reminding myself frequently about that. I've been through this place a few times and had some bad relapses. I must say this time feels a little deferent because I've committed to a plan a daily morning affirmation / pledge not drink today and today only. I actually take the time to sit down and make repeat this pledge every morning. It definitely helps with keeping the commitment. As far as everything else I think not drinking has brought me brain back - or at least some of it. I managed to accomplish quite a bit during those 45 days (like prepared a sale of a house moved into a new place started a new project which is going very well so far) and I know I couldn't do it without a clear mind and the benefits of not destroying myself every evening. I also noticed that although I am tempted to drink especially when I am angry or stressed I know on a deeper level that I wont. It also feels a lot easier to decline drinking when out with friends. I thought I'd share these observations with you guys. My plan was to go on a diet at the same time I stopped drinking but this time I chose not to make any other major lifestyle changes (except of course for the move) until I can get a good few months in of non drinking. I found that it helped me to stay focused to limit myself to changing only 1-2 things at a time about the lifestyle. Overal I am super happy that I've quit have tons more energy super clear mind and very productive. For those of you who are just starting first few days I think it's worth to mention the benefits of stopping come not only in form of less damage to relationships / body etc but also in the amount of enjoyment and quality that can be had in life. Good luck and big thank you to this community I couldn't do this without you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! Keep up the great work. You're an inspiration to those of us who have just quit.
Thank you. I am one of those early days peeps you mentioned and I needed to hear this...Hoping to get some of that good stuff down the line :)
I think you and I nilly same day buddies - well done mate keep it up :). 
