-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50ccsw/the_benefits_are_gone_now_im_just_stuck/

I'm 34 years old and have a familial history of alcoholism.  I was never taught coping mechanisms and while neither of my parents were alcoholics they never legitimately discouraged me from looking for the "quick fix" to get away from what I was feeling.  ..Since I've been 16 years old alcohol was a coping mechanism.  It provided relief clarity and a break from what was a really fucked up childhood.  For many years I was a very heavy drinker...I'm 34 now.  The vast majority of my "enjoyable" alcohol consumption is no longer done at social events: its done in solidarity.  I no longer need alcohol as a lubricant for social interactions.  ..Alcohol still provides a VERY temporary "break" from life's challenges but the consequences of drinking FAR outweigh the very brief moments of "contentment" I receive from alcohol consumption...I'm healthy.  I look fit and physically I am fit.  I exercise 5-7 days a week.  I meditate.  I do yoga.  I don't drink often anymore.  But the adverse effects from alcohol consumption are beginning to become more intense.  Do they become more and more intense as we age?  The thought of that horrifies me...At this point 4 drinks in an evening leaves me with intense anxiety depression and self loathing.  How did it get like this?  I've always had some anxiety/depression but the alcohol even in "small" amounts is making it much worse..I work from home and after a night of drinking I'll often times end up at the liquor store the next day to grab a few drinks just to get me by..My GF has seen family members struggle but she has no immediate understanding of what substance dependency actually feels like.  I don't think she knows how hard it is sometimes...In some ways I wish I could just hit "rock bottom" and go out and get a DUI or do something extremely stupid while drunk.  But I don't do any of that.  Once in a great while I get a little emotional while drunk but I've not done anything stupid.  ..The majority of the suffering is when the alcohol is leaving my system: compulsive thoughts irrational fears desire to drink more despite the fact that I know its wrong and inability to be the best version of me...I don't know exactly where I'm going but I feel like I've been inching towards sobriety for a long time.  Hopefully I eventually take the next step.  I've strung together a few months at a time but nothing super long lasting.  ..I'm sort of happy but then again kind of sad.  I know first hand what its like to suffer and despite the fact that my alcohol consumption is a small fraction what it used to be I still get in my own way at times its undeniable.  To anyone out there suffering (and I do believe we're all suffering in our own way) I love you and encourage you to keep fighting.  Life is beautiful but ultimately life is what you make of it.  Make the right choice today; tomorrow you'll be happy you did...Thanks for listening guys...edit:  In some ways I think I'm fearful of what would happen to my relationships if I were to stop drinking.  I don't have much of a family and I have a small social circle.  I feel like alot of the people I do associate with tend to indulge in alcohol and sometimes drugs.  Its been my experience that some people feel threatened or super curious about why others get sober.  I don't want to answer questions; I Just want to get out of my own fucking way.  I mostly rely on myself for happiness but like everyone else having companions is a desirable thing.  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;In some ways I wish I could just hit "rock bottom" and go out and get a DUI or do something extremely stupid while drunk...I remember feeling this way. I ultimately realized that that wasn't going to happen to me. I kept myself under just enough control that I could "manage" my drinking and "function" just fine. (I put those words in quotes because I was in actuality I was not managing my drinking and I wasn't functioning as well as I should but it seemed that way at the time.)..What faced me though was a long slow descent into alcoholism with its attendant debt and worsening mental/physical health. So maybe I would have ultimately hit some sort of "rock bottom" but it was going to be a whimper not a bang and I probably wouldn't even have realized I'd hit it...&gt;Its been my experience that some people feel threatened or super curious about why others get sober. I don't want to answer questions; I Just want to get out of my own fucking way. ..YMMV of course but this has not at all been the case for me. I was very worried about this exact thing but most people just don't care. Some people were surprised and a little curious at first but that was about it. The most common response I got from my drinking friends was "Good for you" often followed by a "I should probably think about doing the same."..Best of luck in your journey wherever it might take you.
We all decide what our rock bottom is. For some that might be a DUI for someone else it might be less productivity at work. The point is your "bottom" is wherever you decide to stop digging...You're doing a great job just by thinking about this stuff. I suspect many people avoid examining themselves so intently.
If it's negatively affecting your life you're making the right choice by getting it out of your life. Trust me you don't want to know what it feels like to scrape bottom if I had known what would happen to me i would have run screaming for the hills. It doesn't give a crap how fit or successful you are it will destroy a famous brain surgeon in exactly the same way as a destitute vagrant. Stopping on your own terms is a smart move IMO. ..In regards to your edit...I had built up a whole dramatic scenario in my head what would happen to me in social situations because i'm not drinking. I think one person has brought it up otherwise no one seemed to even notice. Recently i've just been bringing it up myself to friends because i really enjoy talking about it and don't want them to think it's some touchy topic they need to tiptoe around on eggshells about. .I guess have a statement prepared if you're worried like you're giving it a break or whatever. I used to be obsessed with thinking people feel threatened or think i'm acting high and mighty but i don't think much of that is going on at all. You'll still have relationships don't worry. Those relationships will likely get stronger though at least they have for me. I don't push people away anymore and really enjoy engaging the human spirit. 
Hello u/throwaway1234dc glad you're here...I have compassion for your struggles...As has already been shared bottom is when you stop digging...I read where you write possibly "go out and get a DUI or do something stupid" which might be a sub conscious desire for some providential external agent to precipitate enough of an undesirable effect to galvanize a "committed desire to fully change"...I want to ping a couple of good friends herein for their perspectives if they're available.  u/Slipacre has an outreach for incarcerated males and I suggest you put his name in and read some of his posts about "that one little event" that occurred while drinking that alters life forever.  Can't remember if he's on vacation.  Also u/coolcrosby has expertise (and wisdom) WRT to legal issues ( and much more)...How can we help and support you?  Sounds like you have significant successes in life.  I'd hate to see that adversely affected..
Hey /u/throwaway1234dc welcome to /r/stopdrinking -- you sound a lot like me years ago before I began a 15 year SOBER recovery.  In those years I did not have legal consequences mostly though I was on the bubble of some really bad consequences without quite stepping into it.  Of course during a subsequent 7 year relapse I experienced some of the least desirable consequences.  I particularly relate to your characterization of your drinking as leaving the social-zone and entering into isolation-phase.  At the end of my drinking I wanted to drink the way I wanted to drink and that meant to the edge of passing out if not passing out.  But like you I struggled to see myself as "alcoholic."  It turns out that self-defining oneself as alcoholic while helpful isn't a perquisite to stopping drinking and getting sober.  With very little sustained time sober I could clearly see that my relationship with alcohol had crossed into bottom-drinking which for me consisted of the mental obsession--when I wasn't drinking in myriad ways some conscious some unconscious I was thinking about drinking.  So what I did was go to an AA meeting and there I quickly acquired most of the information that comprise the [Baby Steps post at this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) Even after 7 years in relapse HELL--the Baby Steps brought me back to sane sober living which for me means freedom and some happiness.  Good luck to you.
&gt;In some ways I wish I could just hit "rock bottom" and go out and get a DUI or do something extremely stupid while drunk...You don't want that.  Extremely stupid often comes wrapped in a felony warrant and if you add a touch of bad luck bad timing you might just end up in the AA meeting I go to in a state prison.  ..Now some of the guys there credit the Corrections department as helping them get sober but trust me there are easier ways ways without some of the life long consequences a felony conviction can bring. ..I was a lot like you maintenance drinking i called it - quit at 39 - sooner would have been better - nothing good came out of my last 5 10 even fifteen years of drinking...
I was lucky that all my friends saw what a fucked up piece of shit I become when I'm drunk. Nobody questioned it when I quit. They were almost embarrassed to say "It's about time." ..Anybody who rejects you for sobriety is probably bad news anyhow.
Four drinks per night is not a small amount. You might want to try to follow the guidelines you'll get at the doctor's office: No more than two drinks a day period. It's difficult at first but it gets easier with time. I strongly suggest delaying the first drink as long as you possibly can. Also find something else you can drink when you get a craving like flavored seltzer water. One trick I used was "I can only have a drink after I drink this big glass of fizzy water". Many people find if they can't moderate the best thing to do is not drink at all. Good luck to you.
&gt;Do they become more and more intense as we age? The thought of that horrifies me...&gt;At this point 4 drinks in an evening leaves me with intense anxiety depression and self loathing. How did it get like this? I've always had some anxiety/depression but the alcohol even in "small" amounts is making it much worse...Do the effects of alcohol consumption grow with age?  From my experience yes absolutely they do.  I am in a similar phase as you.  I too have noticed significant changes in how my body reacts to even having a small amount of alcohol.  Even though I work out I eat well and I stay hydrated the effects of alcohol on are rapidly changing into a very negative and destructive form...Multiple craft beers in one night use to be a regular occurrence.  Waking up with a hangover was a regularity.  Aside from the headaches and nausea nothing else really seemed all that bad about a hangover.  The drinks continued the binges happened most weekends and I thought this would be the relationship with alcohol forever.  ..About six months ago this all changed for me.  Even 1-2 beers will now cause me to wake up in the morning into a panic attack focused on suicidal thoughts.  If I drink any alcohol mid-day I have a panic attack upon "sobering up" (withdrawal)...If you are struggling with negative anxious or potentially suicidal thoughts after consuming alcohol you are not alone.  Our bodies change as we get older as do our reactions to alcohol.  It's not a sign that your body is breaking.  It is a sign that you shouldn't drink (as much or at all) anymore...The reason you *think* you want to hit "rock bottom" is because alcohol is causing your mind to give up responsibility.  Or you may be looking for an escape - you may feel anxious so you drink to relieve the pain temporarily and you want a "final solution" for the things you feel anxious about.  You may not want to go to work pay bills be in your relationship or even interact with human beings when drunk.  That is because alcohol is telling your brain that alcohol is more enjoyable than responsibility or at least that drinking is a solution to your pain and anxiety.  You could take care of responsibilities you could spend time outside of work on a productive hobby or side business you could invest more into your relationship but alcohol says that you should just sit and drink instead...There is great freedom in taking care of your responsibilities and living the life you want to live.  That includes freedom of finances freedom of time and freedom of location.  There is no freedom in the slavery of addiction.  Your money time and mobility are all locked in place while drunk.  This is especially true if you end up in jail.  There is no freedom for anyone there...Much love to you man.  I relate a lot with your feelings.  I'd love to talk more about your thoughts.  Also join the IRC chat any time (see the side bar) - I go there frequently just to vent.  I've found a lot of kindred spirits there.  I hope they help you as well.
