-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50jwp1/best_friends/

Hi all. My name is Cat. I am twenty five years old but have been a binge drinker since I was nineteen. For the last six months I have changed my entire life and put myself in check. Things have been pretty wonderful but I still occasionally drink and will always be an alcoholic until the day I dedicate myself and quit drinking. ..My best friend is also an alcoholic. We have been friends for almost ten years and did a majority of exploration and drinking together. Although I've made these changes in my life my best friend is still struggling. About a month ago she was doing some of the worst damage I've ever seen. Everyone was scared. We made a pact to quit drinking for good together after a scare in the hospital. She was so confident and excited and so was I. We agreed we have had our fun and close calls. ..After she got out of the hospital she went off the radar. I knew what she was doing. Nobody could reach her but she eventually reached out to me and told me about the current chaos. She was drinking and also using drugs. It irritated me in a sense. I had been going through some extreme and major life events with my mother and I needed my best friend by my side. She wasn't around for me but I was still there to listen to her cry. She only called when she needed something or something was wrong. She didn't ask about my mother or myself. I know as a drunk myself we can be selfish. But it had never been that way before. We had always been very attentive with each other. ..At some point I offered her the help I could and my friendship. I told her I would quit drinking with her again and told her everyone was worried about her. I told her how much better I felt now that I wasn't drinking every day and that she could feel the same way. She didn't have to keep living in a circle of non stop bullshit every day. She took offense to this and told me I would eventually end back up in her shoes. It was at that point I had to cut myself off from her. I had so much happening but still worried about her kept everyone else updated on her kept tabs and helped her but at that point I was finished. I told her when she wanted help I would be around but I couldn't hear about her voluntary shit storm anymore. ..About a week ago she contacted me. She told she has been sober for a minute and has been attending AA meetings. She asked if we could meet up the next time she comes in to town but I have yet to respond. Not only because I am still having negative feelings about the negligance of her title of best friend when I needed her most but also because of her very early stage of sobriety. I don't remember the last time we were together and alcohol wasn't involved. I do miss her I do want the best for her but I am afraid for both of us in a way. What would you do? What should I do? 
----------immediate responses--------

Holy crap. Well I'd give her a shot. Let's meet up grab coffee and catch up. People like her need support more than anything to change. If I can change forgive myself and others so to can she and she deserves the chance to try. 
I protected myself from alcohol by avoiding anyone who abused it. I however differ from you in that I wanted to be sober. Given your history I would be cautious. It sounds like the two of you might not be a good combination at this point. Your fear is justified. I'd listen to it. Thanks for the post. 
I cannot imagine giving up on a friend especially a struggling one...I find it....honestly kind of appalling when I see people suggesting cutting struggling friends out of their life. Like...what if someone had done that to you when you needed them? I've got a friend much farther in sobriety than myself and had he cut contact when I relapsed it would have been that much harder for me to come back to sobriety...*ALL THAT SAID* if a person begins actively doing things that harm you that might mean you have to reevaluate if you are actually helping. If you aren't actually being a positive in her life but she is a negative in yours then....well...maybe you do need time away from each other.
Do you have a sponsor or therapist or something to fall back on?  You might go to someplace safe (coffee midday like others have said) but have your sponsor/therapist/spouse/mom/whatever on standby should it get ugly.  
Tough tough situation.  Even if two people decide to get sober together they both independently need to make that commitment to themselves.  Unfortunately it's taking her a bit longer to get to the personal commitment stage..I wouldn't hold a grudge against her.  Alcohol fueled her behavior.   She was her drunk self not her sober self - Those are two different people.  Despite this I would focus your energy on yourself.  Taking on the burden of changing two lives simultaneously is an awfully big burden.  Generally most people struggle with just one at a time.  
