-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50pmo1/relapsed_last_night/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.  We are here for you.  Keep going.
I'm really sorry you're having a rough time. Please hang in there. I'm glad you're here on SD and posting about it - it does get better but it does take time. ((hugs))
Today let's not drink. We'll remember what we learned the last time we drank and keep working on today.
Been killing myself with booze for almost 50 years and hope it will work this time for both of us.
[deleted]
Hey I'm sorry about this. Glad you came back!
I hope ur okay--when i felt like ur describing i didnt think id be able to be sober someday or that it would bring me the help i needed. But the low points actually pointed me toward the light i just cldnt see it at the time. Ur among ppl who understand &lt;3
You got this. Let'd do this together. 
I know how you feel. I realized after that I was drinking without my own permission but I literally could not stop. Glad you're back I won't drink with you today!
Glad you're here...Welcome back.  ..Some don't make it back...After conducting this research what can you offer others about your experience?  You can reach many here!...We're here for you.
Sorry to hear but you are back now...You will be feeling much better in a couple of days...it is the alcohol leaving your system...I'm just coming out of that feeling and starting to feel pretty good...I wouldn't change it for anything...but the contrast is still very vivid and I hope I remember how bad it can feel so I don't risk losing it...I hope you feel better soon and get back to feeling your best...Don't beat yourself up just jump back on :)
Glad your back! The world can really feel like an alien place in the period after relapse for me too. ..Let's not drink today. 
Hiya. Sorry you are not in a good place. Sending you best wishes for getting back on track. You can do this friend:-)
Maybe time to ask a clear-eyed doctor for some help?
Thank you for that post.  I screwed up again myself.  Back to day 1 for me again as usual but your post really made me think.  Why do we put ourselves through that?  Its the booze brain.  You KNOW youre going to feel like crap.  You know it.  But we do it anyway.  But your post was very inspirational and really made me think.  Never again.  Only this time NEVER AGAIN!  You also know that you will get better.  We will get better if we just dont take that first sip.  So today i will not drink with you.  Glad youre back.  We can and will beat this
