-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50stlk/day_3_again_am_42_and_pretty_much_a_daily_drinker/

I struggled yesterday seeing my favourite vodka on sale I walked in then was able to walk back out feeling very self satisfied and righteous (with the 24 odd hours of sobriety under my belt). Tonight has been easier. I'm sleeping better. ..I was really hoping it would spur me into a fitness regime and I would be super skinny and have glowing skin and a perfect tan and look 20 years younger... But instead I'm just a fat fucker on the couch feeding myself one of everything. 
----------immediate responses--------

Of course your mileage may vary. But I found a few things to be true:..At the beginning I had food cravings. Big time. ..For the most part I allowed that to be the case and indulged. Treating my brain (while it was super pissed at me for denying it alcohol) was important. ..I still lost a little weight. But not much. Later I focused on cutting out sugar and super starchy stuff (but allowed myself to eat I wasn't "keto" but I was low carb probably like "South Beach" if you want to call it that) and lost a little more. ..But please be kind to yourself. That's more important than anything right now. You ARE doing a great thing for your health and it WILL allow you to focus on other goals things that would be nearly impossible to do if drinking. ..Take your time. Take a breath. Pat yourself on the back for this wonderful gift of sobriety you're giving yourself. ..You got this. ..Peace and healing punnyboy ..Tl;dr: Be kind to yourself 
Don't give yourself a hard time. It's easy to say but that's what I'm working on doing - just letting myself be as best I can. I'm hungry constantly too I haven't found a good reason as to why tbh. If I was guessing I'd say that it's because we are so used to the endorphins or other good hormones from having been drinking and chasing the rush! With eating being about the only other way to get the semi immediacy that drinking offers in the way of endorphins release.. This is my guess only. In any case I've been hoping that it would settle down by 40 odd days in but no change for me so far :/.  I wish you luck in your journey :). 
Thanks heaps. 
Thanks. Going to try to do some activity tomorrow. Something small. Just something. 
 Celebrating "one of everything."  Just keep going.  Day four awaits with glowing skin. Or is that day five?  Just keep going. 
I certainly hope it's no later than day 6!
Omg you sound JUST LIKE ME!  You made me laugh!  "Fat fucker on the couch" lol thats me!  Dont beat yourself up.  Im 10 years older than you and have said a million times the same as you.  "Im gonna get in shape bla bla bla" and then im back on the couch eating chips sweating like a pig and feeling sorry for my self as though it was someone else's fault lol!  day three is always the hardest for me but now i see that you posted this a while ago.  Im sure you're feeling better now.  I forced myself to shower and clean house and walk the dog.  Sort of like a punishment for myself lol!  You will be fine. One day at a time.  If its any conciliation your post really cracked me up and I'm not laughing at you at all.  It was just so me.  Congrats on day 3 and i will not drink with you today!!!!
Struggling. I can't seem to make it past day 5... Something comes up that makes it ok (in my mind) to drink again. I'm reading 'the naked mind' and am hoping I get something from that that makes it easier for me to give it up. Whenever I want to drink I really need the 3am me to remind the 5pm me how I'm going to feel! Maybe we should book in a day to go day 1 together?
