-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50vbts/day_100_retrospective_and_celebration/

Second post here - first one was just over a month ago and things were not going so well. I'm so grateful to support groups and things like this sub they've helped tremendously along with the comments to the earlier post. Getting through that day was very hard. ..Everything has mostly improved since then - despite a fairly serious emotional slip-up around day 72. Things feel a lot better now - I searched a lot for timelines / what to expect during the first 90 days and only came up with a few results so I'll write my general impression in the hopes that it will be useful to someone in a similar situation in the future. I'm planning some form of celebration tonight - not sure exactly what - probably eat out with family and then play board games and have as many La Croixs as I can handle. ..Summary: I've been three months out of a possibly codependent relationship in the middle of a possible career change and cutting use of alcohol/benzos. Last year I moved continents (to be with partner) and tried to stop using the longest I made it was 2 months although the most serious relapse occurred on New Year's Day 2016 - between then and May 25th 8pm EST my existence was a living hell. Despite conventional accomplishments generally I was a self-destructing mess that has only recently begun to feel at peace and accepting of myself. It's been hard but I think I'm finally in a positive reinforcing cycle of behaviors and thoughts rather than a downward spiral. I was never institutionalized and mostly able to hide it and deceive people which is probably why things got so bad...So my general timeline:..Week 1-2: Relationship ended and I decided to move out and essentially take the summer off of work. I did this all in the span of about 2 weeks so it was mostly a blur. I tried to provide as much help to her as I could but was preparing myself emotionally for a crash - it eventually came around day 18 when I was visiting family and received an angry e-mail from her (entirely warranted). I ignored it and spent the weekend with a friend...Week 3-4: I was regaining confidence and mostly ignoring real problems focusing on just not drinking. I started to jog fairly aggressively during this period beginning with about 1.5 miles per day 6x a week. Also tried to incorporate push-ups (~100/day) and sit-ups (~100/day) since I wasn't going to the gym. I consumed an embarrassing amount of ice cream (~1 pint per 2 days). I also started working on a 4th step inventory during this period which was extremely painful - I began to confront things that I had never really accepted and remember some things that I had buried fairly deep down. At some points the guilt was crushing and the only thing keeping me sane were meetings with therapist and AA meetings which thankfully were everywhere I was traveling. I also started going on a lot of dates (I know not advised) but I found that realizing I could still connect with & talk to other people to be useful for regaining confidence. I didn't let anything get very serious - later I would recognize this tendency as simply an addiction of a different sort...Week 5-8: I started working remotely on a fairly time-intensive project for my employer which was probably useful to distract myself. This period was mostly a blur either spent working or on the 4th step inventory. ..Week 9-10: The project began to wind down a bit. I was still constantly moving (either visiting different friends or family or coming up with some sort of arbitrary daily objective and achieving it). Also still exercising - by this point I had a Fitbit and was getting to about 2.5 miles/day 6x a week. I had begun to realize that the addictive behavior was limited not just to alcohol but quite a few aspects of life: buying things constant lies sex - I also essentially started cyber-stalking my ex on social media and stumbled upon something I probably didn't need to see then. For whatever reason this motivated tremendous feelings of loss and the guilt became overwhelming sometime around the beginning of week 9. I began frantically attending AA meetings where I was staying and tried to find a local sponsor for step 5. Thankfully someone was willing to work through it with me and although the process was painful - I'm pretty sure I didn't leave anything out and revealed some things I had never told another person - I finished it. Immediately thereafter I didn't notice any improvement so I tried repeating the process (with a slightly improved filter) with a handful of close friends - this was a new experience for me as I so often censored myself around close friends either to make them happy or not appear a certain way. This mood-preservation-in-others instinct was almost pathological - I had done it with my partner of 6.5 years and I can't believe I went that long holding so much in. ..Finally something broke and things started to get a lot better - I was letting go and didn't have to keep moving. I didn't need to give myself rewards for another day spent not using. I was able to be present and enjoy being lost in thought. There was a moment where I was walking on a sunny afternoon and felt time slow and rather than feeling lonely I felt a profound sense of serenity...Week 11-Present: It's been fairly strongly uphill since then. I've still been selectively isolating myself and trying to go to meetings even though I feel like I don't need it. I'm going to confront my professional future next week but I feel better able to handle that than at any point in recent memory. I still haven't told most family and friends about the drug & alcohol problems as far as they are aware I'm taking the summer off after ending a 6 year relationship and getting burned out at work. I'm trying to decide how to approach this and not particularly looking forward to the amends process - I like the idea of living amends a lot more...Things that worked: exercise - as someone who never really got into cardio it really did work. I might be addicted to step-counting / runner's-high (maybe?) but I'll take that over substances. Meditation - I try to do 1 per day (guided) for about 20 minutes and then a longer (45-60m) once every week. .Meetings - It's a cliche but the 90 in 90 thing really helps. At the very start I was averaging 3 per day and then during periods of distress sometimes hit 2 per day. There were also some of the periods where things were going well that I didn't go much at all in total I hit 68 in the 90 day period. I'm trying to commit to going to 2 per week here on out no matter what. It's a lot cheaper and more time efficient than going to bars...Not sure what else to say... Definitely not drinking today no matter how nice the fall weather gets. Hope some of you join me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow - I read so much thought growth humility ownership and strength in your words. Congratulations on a transformative 101 sober day journey. ..I do however contend that it is almost impossible to eat an embarrassing amount of ice cream when it's confined to the early stages of sobriety. After that it's what all the running is for ;-). ..&gt; I like the idea of living amends..Me too. I figure once I've walked the walk equivalent to a marathon of life distance I'll do the talking if it's beneficial for another or my relationship with them. ..Thank you for sharing this journey. I will not drink with you today. 
Thank you so much for sharing this! I really appreciate when people post about timelines since I'm a bit of a n00b. This was super inspiring. I'm looking forward to a serene walk in the sunshine like you experienced!
Thanks for this post the timeline really resonated with me. My first weeks were also a bit of a blur while my second and third months I too threw myself into work working late then rushing off to meetings basically staying as busy as possible and limiting time alone. Just recently I've started feeling more relaxed able to just be by myself and feeling calm and a lot happier. Now if I can just get off my ass and stop putting off my fourth step...
