-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50x5zy/one_year_sober/

Contrary to what my badge says today I celebrate 1 year of sobriety!..On September 3rd 2015 I got drunk for the last time with my now ex girlfriend.  Incidentally this also marks 1 year since I last had sex lol.  ..At the time I was struggling to quit and caved in on September 10th.  My saving grace is that I had just caught a bad case of the flu - I was only able to drink half a can of beer before dumping the rest out.  And because the flu happened to last an especially long time I had no choice but to stay away from alcohol for a few weeks.  When it eventually cleared I felt that the stars aligned and that I had a golden opportunity to beat this and I took it.  ..I have since fought every craving which continue to plague me to this day.  ..So yeah my badge is set to September 10th so I won't feel like I'm cheating.  ..Keep fighting the good fight everyone.  And to the newer members it may seem daunting but you can do this.  Never give up!  ..Have a good and sober weekend y'all.  .
----------immediate responses--------

One year is HUGE. Congrats! Reading stories like yours keeps me fighting one day at a time.
Congratumalations! ..welcome to the one year club!..you should re-submit and fix your badge if its inaccurate if you want.
awesome job!!! Keep it up!
[removed]
Fantastic! 
Congrats!!! Such a huge accomplishment! 
Congrats! One year is amazing! Hope you have endless more :)
grats on one year!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!
good on ya dude.
Congratulations! Great job!
Wow! that is amazing!! Congratulations and keep up the fight! 
I love reading success stories so thanks for sharing and congrats! Hope those cravings go away or are replaced by longings for something healthy. I quit smoking pot in my young 20's when drug testing was big and I was starting as an engineer. I missed the daily Harold and Kumar quests to go and find that next high. Like the movie it felt like it was more about the comradre and adventure so I mourned the change. But so many years later I can't imagine smoking. Same way with being tobacco free for 4+ years. Neither bother me to see others partake and I can honestly say I no longer feel any urge to join. ..I digress but congrats! You are free! Don't even think subconsciously that going back to that prison has anything good. You are one that got away so live everyday as your own! Woooo!!!
So we'll celebrate twice! Or every day! May the cravings vanish during this next 365!
GREAT JOB!! I bet a lot has changed in the past year. ;)
Congrats.......
Congrats on the year!
Congratulations! Great job.
Congrats! Stories like this are always great to hear. Keep kickin' ass.
[removed]
Congrats! Good Luck moving forward.............
Congratulations! I'm glad you took the opportunity to get sober...sometimes getting sick is a sign that something deep within us needs to change. Good luck on the road ahead!
Congradulations on one year man now you gotta buy yourself something you always wanted with your saved money. 
Congratulations on 1 year! Good job. Keep doing what you're doing.
Bought myself so sobriety project car. Little gifts are the parts for me haha.
