-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50x9dt/am_i_at_risk_for_relapse/

I haven't been having any urges or cravings. I just finished a grueling-and super satisfying!-first week at school (I'm a first year teacher). I was so busy I didn't have time to even think those "I deserve it" or "A beer sounds good" thoughts. To celebrate surviving the week my wife and I went out to dinner at an Irish pub. In my head I wasn't too thrilled to be in a pub but I wasn't tempted to order a drink and I left feeling full of good grub and happy with myself for not having an urge. My wife had a beer and was thinking about having two and I felt good about being the sober one...... But I read stories on here about relapses and feel scared that could be me that I could lose my days and sanity and start drinking again. ..Am I being paranoid? Is it good to be slightly paranoid? I know that most people slip when they think they can handle drinking again and I'm nowhere near that point. ..I know I'm rambling but I need some comments here.
----------immediate responses--------

Haven't been in this nearly as long as you but I'll share my thoughts anyways. ..I think a little paranoia is good like you said. My brain is constantly trying to convince me to start drinking again. Honestly I'm scared of the path I'll go down if I do. If fear is what keeps me sober then so be it. ..My second thought is that relapses happen. I've seen so many folks on here relapse and share their experiences. These are not weak people who are relapsing. Every one of us is at risk of relapsing. That's why the community here makes it easier. Take it one day at a time and know that you're not in it alone. ..Hope that helps. It was just as rambly as your post haha. 
[deleted]
I *cultivate* my paranoia when it comes to my evil inner-pisshead voice. I think you're just being vigilant mate- Got to look after number one after all. Good on ya. 
I'm always at risk of relapse but I always have the choice to remain sober. I just remain vigilant and know that drinking has nothing good to offer me only suffering. I plan to remain a non-drinker because remaining sober lets me prioritize the things that matter to me and my health and happiness are far improved...I have worked to remove alcohol from my reward and coping systems. Any thought that contradicts my decision to remain sober I either dismiss or dispute and replace with more rational thinking that aligns with my decision not to drink. E.g...Lie: A beer would be good right now..Truth: A beer would be a terrible idea for me. A sparkling water has all the resfreshment and none of the negative consequences. I choose water.
&gt;Am I at risk for relapse?..I don't think anyone is going to be able to answer that.
