-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/514ntd/22_yo_starting_over_for_the_1000th_time_help/

This must be the 50th time I tried to stop drinking.  Each time I fail.  I've become so accustomed to just drinking when I'm sad or anxious that I don't know how to deal with those emotions anymore.  ..Drank yesterday...it's noon and I have SUCH an urge.  In my head I'm like "just this one time you're on a break from classes and you're anxious.  have fun". But if not now when?  When I'm in the middle of grad school?  Ugh I'm sorry for ranting I'm just struggling so much right now...I'm 75% sure I will get something to drink...I hope I don't "(
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome to SD!  How about instead of a trip to the liquor store you take along walk?  Or visit a park?  Tell you what I won't drink with you today...Long term I'd recommend you visit a dr and explain your anxiety and drinking.  He or she may well prescribe you some anti-anxiety meds to help.  Best of luck!  
It's got to be good that you recognize and address this problem at such a young age. So good for you!!..I have tried many times and this time I have a real plan. I do the daily check in here and I participate here really often. I am keeping myself busy too and I don't go to areas of town where I will be by the liquor store. ..I'm going for short walks and going outside in the yard to get some sun and fresh air. It really seems to help. Many times though I find that have to force myself to use sheer willpower. Those times are hard but I promise it can be done. The strongest urges don't last as long as a hangover so I just try to remember that...Let's do this together!
They say insanity is trying the same thing again and again expecting different results.....so maybe you need to change your approach?
I have quite drinking every day for decades. I'm still working through week 1.  You are younger then me. I have wasted so much time money and life itself.  Please don't let this go on. It just gets worst.  I can do this and so can you!
What are you doing to stop drinking besides just trying not to drink?  If you keep doing the same thing and getting the same results it makes sense to try something new. Have you looked into support? Therapy? Meetings? Have you talked about your issue with people in real life like your family and friends? Or a doctor? Do you know any alcoholics that are in recovery that can talk with you?..Very few people can quit drinking on willpower alone. I know I couldn't. I needed help from others in real life who had drank like I did and found a way to stop.
Have you ever read through the [Baby Steps post at this link?](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Those simple actions helped me stop drinking and get sober.
[removed]
I am in the same boat as you. ..22 starting over again for the umpteenth time and forever anxious about it. ..I don't have a whole lot to say other than at least be proud of the fact that you're still trying! Some people never examine their relationship with substances and many many people give up on sobriety entirely so good for you (and me and everyone else here!) for keeping at it. 
A part of me wants to say that you should in fact go out and have a drink that keep on drinking until you realize that you've been backstabbing yourself. Keep on drinking until you see with such clarity that you are drinking because of that chatter in the mind. Keep on drinking until you drink just to get there until it is obvious that your mind is running in circles when there is no more fresh excuses...A part of me wants to say that you should breathe and calm yourself down change your bed sheets give yourself a week to meditate on why you are drinking accompanied by fast paced walking in nature. Change the tune wake up early stretch. Go out write about yourself. Write about your anxiety. Go easy on yourself. Try to observe yourself from outside...A part of me wants to say that the life is not a straight line. There is a search for meaning. We are circling in space on a rock and there is a dionysian side of everything. Maybe you are experiencing what it is to be you. Maybe you are learning what it is to have a life...A part of me wants to say that no one but you is going to be there for you when the moment strikes. No one not your best friends not your family not me none of us here but ultimately you are the one who is responsible for your ability to handle situations. Faster you come to terms with this fact better your life will be...Best of wishes for you and come back whenever you need to.
There are telephone meetings for the various support groups if going in person freaks you out right now. 
I'm there with you as far as starting over. I am trying to think about this as choosing not to drink rather than hoping not to drink. It may just be a question of terminology but that helps me feel active in this.
I'm 22 and this is the longest that my quitting has stuck. I don't really know what was different this time but I had hurt someone I cared about recently when I was blackout drunk and an important part of my early motivation was not hurting people close to me anymore but at this point I'm just doing this for me. I feel a lot better but things are still hard. I won't drink with you today and I hope you keep coming back bc this community has been really helpful for me at least
You can do this...I'm here for you. We can fight this together.
