-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51c9ns/3_months_woot_woot/

A little bit about who I am......I am a 24 year old female graduate student who did not start drinking until college. It started as social drinking once a week. Innocent and fun. However over the next couple of years I began drinking harder and faster than anyone I knew and my habits did not change post graduation. I drank alone hid bottles in my closet and wanted to believe that all early 20 somethings did the same. At 5'1 and a little over 100lbs the amount I would drink was dangerous to my health and the anxiety  I would feel the next day was debilitating. However I managed to get straight A's and never missed class. I was functioning. After I was arrested for my DUI the truth hit me hard. If I continued to drink the way I was I would lose everything: my future career respect from my family my health happiness and sanity. My life would undoubtedly get worse. ..This isn't my first attempt at sobriety. My relapse was a result of my alcoholic brain thinking that I was missing out on life by not drinking. It was not until my DUI counselor told me "sobriety is a gift do not give it away" that something clicked. Staying sober is not something I "have" to do it is something I am grateful for everyday. ...To wake up sober clear headed and ready to tackle life's ups and downs is truly a gift. I am free. ..Thank you SD for all of the love and support!! ..Btw bought a box of La Croix for this Labor Day :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! I'll drink a La Croix to you and your 3 months! I like your sobriety gift/gratitude thoughts too. 
OK OK OK I've been seeing this la croix thing in loads of posts...what is it? Do us Europeans not have it?! ..Congratulations though I'm a stranger to you but I'm proud of you I know how hard this is.  I can only hope to get to 3 months.  
I am from the states and have no idea. I thought la croix was Canadian. And I can't wait to hit three months.
Congratulations u/KLovey18!
Congratulations! You have everything to be so proud of and to do this at a young age you will have an amazing and healthy life!.
This isn't most of our first attempt at sobriety but we all hope to make it our last. It's great that you figured out that alcohol and you don't go together at such a young age. You're similar to myself in the fact that alcohol never affected my grades. This gives us a false sense of control. You have a long life ahead of you and you're off to an excellent start. You are not missing out but gaining so much in sobriety...Congratulations on your 90 days and good luck with graduate school. I just finished my master's degree and it feels wonderful.
Congrats on 90 days! Yes sobriety it truly a gift! :)
Congrats!!
Congratulations! I'm also a 24 year old female and one thing I struggled with in my earlier attempts to get sober were my friends and family telling me I "didn't have a problem" because I'm "just a kid doing what kids do". Well that's easy for a non-alcoholic to say! Kudos to you and congratulations. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations!!!! Today is my 3 months sober too and I am a 23 year old female who also hid booze in my room and bottles in my closet. ..Well done and hear's to another day! 
Congratulations!! 90 is a huge accomplishment... ..I am so grateful for the gift of sobriety and I hope that all of us who have struggled who do struggle or will struggle.... that we may embrace the fact sobriety is a gift that we must open everyday.....:)
I find that my relapses were all due to dropping the ball on my comitment to staying sober. I also felt like I was missing out just like you on some level but that would have not stopped me from staying sober if I had kept committed. I think checking in here regularly or going to sober meetings is the key to not dropping the ball. at least for me it's been working m this time around. all the best and good luck to you.
"Missing out on life" was the biggest lie alcohol ever told me.  The stats are something like in the US 50% almost never drink and less than 30% drink regularly  (not enough time to link quick google search will give you NIA numbers).  Anyway most people don't need alcohol to have fun.  I just had an "Ah Ha moment" last night about how trapped I was in that thinking.  I feel so free now.  I'm flabbergasted now to think back on how stuck I was on the alcohol hamster wheel.  It's like a mental prison.  Congratulations on your 92 days that's awesome!!  You Rock!!!
