-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51gz36/thoughts_at_almost_90_days_should_i_be_worried_or/

So assuming I won't drink for the next 12 hours I'll have 90 days at midnight. ..It doesn't sound like a lot. Indeed if I can make it to six months that'll be more impressive. This is my 4th attempt at sobriety and each time I've usually made it about 60-90 days...But this is the time where I am usually LONG overdue for relapse. 90 days is usually the point where Booze Brain has me thoroughly convinced I am cured and that it's time to give moderation another try. Either that or I'd been totally miserable and white-knuckling it for 90 days holding onto sobriety by tooth and nail trying desperately to cope with the inevitable drinking triggers and finally giving in to a massive binge. Either way I'm usually swimming in a sea of irresistible cravings by now......None of that is happening this time around and I'm a little worried. ..But I'm doing everything differently this time. Previous sobriety attempts taught me that *just not drinking* wasn't enough. After my last relapse on June 8th I decided to give AA and psychotherapy a try. Both of these things are helping me deal with depression anxiety fears and low self-esteem issues that eventually led me back to drinking every time...AA itself has taught me a lot of great things. A partial list:..- Achieving serenity through accepting that things are they way they're supposed to be right now and that it will all turn out alright.- When I feel like I'm struggling against something (paddling against the current) to visualize myself pulling up the oars and going with the flow.- Keeping up with readings meetings step work talking to my sponsor and doing service keeps my mind off a drink. I'm not perfect at staying on top of doing all these things but as long as I put the effort in and make progress that's what matters..- Helping others by sharing my experience and offering support.- Quotes like "I will never regret not drinking" and "I know I have everything I need right now and therefore I don't need a drink"...So. I'm both actively untangling all the issues in my head and learning new coping skills for the twists and turns of life. This could explain why I'm doing much better with sobriety this time around...I also hear old-timers warn against becoming too confident or complacent with one's sobriety. Those are the times people with a long time sober usually relapse - when they least expect to. ..Anyway. I have had utterly no cravings for... 3-4 weeks maybe longer. I've gone out with friends and my girlfriend all of them having a beer or two. Nothing. I'll just happily sip my ice tea or ginger beer and not care. Normally by now I'd be a mess of cravings and triggers and drinking dreams...I can go for days without even remembering that I'm trying to not drink because it feels like I don't have to try anymore. The thought of alcohol just does not occur to me...So... am I in a good place where I've finally figured out how to stay sober? Or should I be worried that my alcoholic brain has developed some kind of cunning sneaky comeback? My sponsor did tell me that I'm lucky for now but that at some point I should be prepared to have cravings again as they "never fully go away"...Would appreciate your perspectives. :) Overall I'm totally happy having this much sober time. I've been really productive made progress on applying to grad school got a bonus at work for doing a good job and my relationships with my girlfriend friends and family have improved immensely. Sobriety is awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a craving after over two months of sobriety. Things were going well for me that day. I saw a case of beer at a friend's house and my mouth just started watering. I thought "Boy that looks like good beer."..Nothing to fear! It's just a craving. I said to my friend "Whoa dude. I'm having a craving after all this time." In a few moments the craving was gone and I carried on.
I've been free from cravings for quite some time now but at the moment I'm second-guessing my decision (I'm all alone no one would notice just one time blabla etc). What I wanted to say that when I wasn't having any cravings it felt really good and I was wondering if maybe they'd stopped all together? I'd say I believe they are getting less because you'll put more time between you and the last time you drank. ..Just remember just cause you get cravings doesnt mean you have to drink. If you can resist now you'll be able to resist later aswell. Just remember how it went all the other times you tried to go back...Be aware of your problems and be proud of what you've accomplished. Have a good day :D
My cravings/urges/desire to drink alcohol went away completely around the same time as you and have not returned nor do I expect them to because I have changed my perception of alcohol and I really have zero interest in it.
You're in a great place! Sounds like you are actively working a program of recovery and enjoying the benefits.  I was lucky to not having cravings as well.  This is why going to meetings is important to me. For one hour I remember how bad it was so I don't forget that I cannot safely drink (as an alcoholic I have a super-powered built-in forgetting machine).  Then I can go about the rest of my day not worrying that I might slip up somewhere!
Congrats on 90 days!!! Wooohooo! It sounds like you've got a great plan you're working the program and I love that you're reaping the benefits of sobriety. This is awesome! I just continuously stay aware that although I feel great my alcoholic brain could act up at any time. When that happens I jump on here find friends like you share post comment chat...and those fleeting scary moments are gone. Voila ;). Keep doing what you're doing!
