-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51jv1n/what_a_weird_day_but_ill_be_going_to_bed_sober/

My living situation sucks and lately it's been escalating. Essentially I'm living in an RV in front of my dad's girlfriend's house. She's been a significant obstacle to my sobriety since I got out of rehab in August of last year. When I came back into town after relapsing I just kind of shut her out entirely...She does the classic narcissist moving goal posts thing and I decided I wasn't having any of it this time. Thing is she doesn't want me here and she's going to be pissed off at me about something no matter what so I decided I'd just focus on work...This definitely isn't a case of me being a parasite or anything. My first move as soon as I got here was to start applying for jobs and rebuilding the business I'd run into the ground when I relapsed. I got the first job I got an interview for the business has been recovering quite well and while I'm tired of McDonald's and Little Cesar's pizza every night I've been purchasing everything for myself...There's a lot of bad blood going on here including her kicking me when I was down verbally when I asked my dad for help when I knew I was fucked and going to die where I was staying...Lately things have escalated. I have a calm demeanor and it fools some people into thinking I'm passive. She thinks this makes it safe to press my buttons until I "snap" in her eyes so she can point the finger at me and go "But look at what he's doing." I've only given in to this three times in a year of fuckery. Yesterday was one of those times...What she doesn't realize is that yesterday was also the first time in my entire life I've reached that point of anger and no one got hurt. Thing is I usually just walk away from this kind of shit but when she actively pursues and continues pressing those buttons she has no idea how fine that line between me telling her off and me ending up in prison and what's left of her in a coffin is...I'm also supposed to be moving out anyways but my friend has been flaky as hell. Today was supposed to be the day and when he fucking disappeared on me again I just about lost it...I actually made a post on here about it and getting over it but when he disappeared again I just said "fuck it" I was going to get a bottle of scotch and go stay in a cheap motel and figure the rest out tomorrow. Probably a train somewhere. Fuck everyone. Burn it all to the ground etc...I stopped on my way to the liquor store to give a panhandler a couple of bucks because I liked his sign which read "I should have been a stripper!" and was decorated appropriately. I stopped my bike and said "Hey" and someone I knew looked up...He's torn back. Just ravaged. He's seven years younger than me meaning he's twenty years old. I promptly handed him a couple of bucks and a cigarette and sat down to talk with him. Forgetting my bullshit for a moment to see where he was at...He's strung out on meth which I'd heard rumors he was doing but didn't believe because he HATED the stuff when I used to hang out with him. He's drinking heavily. He's homeless and doesn't even own a pair of socks right now. He doesn't know if he can stop but he's already sick and tired of the whole mess...I gave him the rest of my pack of cigarettes my phone number and calmly advised him to go talk to his PO and get into a program. Any program it'll give him distance at the very least. I also told him which meetings I'm usually at. He also has some pretty severe anxiety/depression issues and I couldn't really make a recommendation for a dual-diagnosis program for him...I decided to go to the used bookstore instead. Found a copy of Dune which I've been looking for for a good year or so so... score. I had the money that was supposed to be for rent on me but decided against giving him a twenty since I knew where it would go. Instead I asked him when he last ate then went and got him a pizza...The room still didn't pan out properly that afternoon. I came back to the RV figuring I could get one more night here anyways after making some loose plans with my friend after the afternoon meeting. The situation here is still escalating of course...But... I didn't drink today. I even bought a soda at the liquor store before I went to find somewhere quiet to read my book...I don't know if that would have happened if I hadn't stopped to help my acquaintance out. I disagree with AA on a lot of points mainly due to a couple of points about myself that aren't so pretty but helping someone out saved my ass this afternoon and I'll be making it to bed sober...No idea what will happen tomorrow but I'll figure it out then.
----------immediate responses--------

Right on man good on you for helping that guy out as much as you could. Also good on you for not resorting to violence in a time of anger; it doesn't sound like it was easy to not flip your shit. Keep at it here is to another sober day today.
Right on mate you! made the rightchoice under such stressful situation 
Living well is the best revenge.  Just keep on keeping on 5 minutes at a time.  You've got this.  People who want to tear you down really only get the power you give them...You running into someone who was perhaps in a worse place than you was not a coincidence IMHO.  ..I enjoy reading your postings; you have a way of narrating that draws me in.  I hope you're journaling and will keep us in the loop as to how things work out...As for me today I will not drink with you!
Wow what an intense day!  I'm so glad seeing a friend in a bad situation gave you some perspective and the option to help someone else.  Good on you for going to bed sober.
Update: Went to the dude's house as instructed this morning so we could clear some stuff out and we could get another member to help me move with his truck since my dad won't be off until my shift tonight...No answer. I had my "office" bag with me the one I keep my journal pens to-do lists and that kind of thing in and so I had my copy of Dune. I'm on a bike this wasn't a casual ride. This is a 4.5 mile ride with the last half mile being up a steep grade...Knocked called repeatedly knocked some more finally just left a message "Dude I came by you didn't answer. Call me as soon as you get this."..My dad had found someone else we knew with a room awhile back but the one I was looking at was pretty much ideal as far as space/location went except for that little bit of hill. I was hanging out on a bench reading Dune and trying to figure out what the hell my next move was going to be and calculating how much I'd need for a motel and all that(fun fact: I can't get into the shelter because I generally work nights and you have to be in at six no exceptions. Go figure.) and whether I'd be better off doing that or "staking a claim" down in the riverbed for which I'm woefully unprepared(ie: no camping gear other than a couple of knives and would still have to figure out a way to get cleaned up for work etc.). He called the guy since I didn't have the number on me...So I'm waiting on a call back to go look at the place this afternoon hopefully before my shift. I told him I only had $560 at the moment with the room being $450 and him wanting a $200 deposit and that I could pay the rest of the deposit come friday...Thing is I make pretty damn good money for the most part. I took the retail job less because I needed it and more because I decided working from home all the time was isolating me and it gives me a chance to interact with normal people which took a bit to get used to after years of only associating with addicts drunks and people in recovery...So things are looking up for the most part. Dude's pretty cool but I know he drinks on occasion which was the main reason why I'd been pressing so hard for the other room. He also already has the internet up and running so I won't have to be out of work for very long. Kinda puts me in a tight spot financially for the moment but that's only because like a dumbass I believed my flake friend and had been turning down contracts and pushing things off so I could get ready to have the internet turned on. I'll just borrow some money for smokes and food for the week then I'm golden...So so glad I didn't lose my head yesterday. I'm not big on God having my own odd belief system but it felt like a test to me. I think I'll be in good hands as long as I keep focused and don't pick up the next drink...Now I just need to figure out what clothes are clean enough to work in and if I can finish a couple of articles this afternoon and spare myself the indiginity of having to borrow cash.
