-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51k754/quick_question_about_peoples_withdrawal/

I quit for 54 days recently (was aiming for 30 day challenge so I did good) but had an upcoming lads weekend away and decided to have a beer while away I didn't really think of it as a relapse and it was a decision I made a few days in advance of actually going away. ..I only had a few on the Friday then a heavy night out on Saturday then stayed off the beer on the Sunday even with people drinking the day away around me. I have been off since and intend to at least make it to 50 days again but aim for 100+++. I have zero cravings at the moment. ..What I do have though is a very conveniently timed head cold sneezes and general feeling of lethargy. Is this usual after hitting the beer again for 36hrs ? ? I have historically had this kind of withdrawal but didn't expect it after such a short period of drinking. ..Curious on other peoples experiences. 
----------immediate responses--------

Its probably just a cold. My withdrawals have been spells of incoherence nausea brutal headaches etc. Usually last 4 to 5 days and start round day 6. ..Please note this is just my opinion I am not a doctor or an expert and I don't have a lot of experience with anything but very heavy drinking. 
I get a runny nose from drinking hoppy beer. I get colds from behaving wrecklessly. I've gotten cold like symptoms from drugs. My withdrawals from alcohol were more flu like but it's different for everyone.
In my experience withdrawal has been sweating shaking nausea minor hallucinations and nightmares. Starting around 6 hours after the last drink and getting rapidly more severe. I would say it's unlikely you would have withdrawal after that short period of drinking. Unless you have had some significant withdrawals before? (Look up kindling effect). 
[removed]
It took a good while for my body and brain to recover from the pounding I gave myself in the year or two before I stopped drinking--and my experience was what I call "flu-like symptoms."  But I did get better and in hindsight very quickly.  I do know that based on reading thousands of newcomer posts over the last 4 years it can be a bumpy two weeks early on.
