-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51lbao/day_64_i_relapsed_on_day_63_last_time_so_this_is/

I feel like I've grown so much over the past days weeks and months. I just want to say THANK YOU for all of the kind words supportive comments and ice cream parties! Here's to many more sober days!! Love you guys!..                             
----------immediate responses--------

Well I don't know about you but I think this calls for ICE CREAM. Congrats and keep going!
Congratulations mwr      that is a great achievement.
yes!! So proud of you and I know your family loves having you back and your son loves the reliability ..Im having some really good frozen thing after work in your honor. It's hot as balls here
You are one of those SDers that I expect will make a real run at this SOBER journey.  Keep it up.
Great work. You're doing really well. Keep coming here whenever you need and let's keep going :)
[removed]
Awesome!  Grats.  I always try to schedule some good positive stuff on special anniversary's or days that have weight to them.  Usually it's working with someone new and spending time with a loved one.  I do something different and make sure that I'm keeping myself uncomfortable in my sobriety.  Before I know it that day has passed following that ol' "This too shall Pass" line I hear so often and despise so much.  
Congrats!It's a great day for you
Every day is a new personal record now!  Nice work! 
Congrats on continuing to progress!
Big smiles to you! I've read appreciated and have felt parallels with many of your posts. I'm just so damn happy for you. Not drinking with you today and thinking of you when I have an ice cream later. 
Your liver thanks you and a grateful SD nation congratulates you on staying healthy happy and sober!
Congrats! You should probably go listen to "When I'm 64 (Days Sober)" the lesser-known B-side of the Beatles' classic hit. It's just MADE for you today!. .Bask in your success (because if you don't I will). I won't drink with you today.
WOOHOOOO!!! I admire you so much! I will eat ice cream for breakfast in your honor :D 
Awesome! It just keeps getting better and better just imagine you have even more time ahead of you to fill with goodness!
GREAT JOB!!! And tomorrow is another personal best!  Keep going!!
So glad to celebrate with you!!! Raising my cran-something LaCroix to many many more sober days!
Woo-hoo! Here's to many more sober days and I agree that some ice cream is necessary to celebrate.
You ROCK MWR!! I love watching your journey :). You've been through so much I feel like I've really lived it with you. Oh and I guess I have you to thank for the extra pounds from all this damned ice cream?! WTF?? I'm still trying to figure out how to post my 200 day pic's..I gotta figure this stuff out - what a moron I am. But...at least I'm not wearing a circus tent like I thought I would LMFAO!! Tonight? Good ol' Ben n Jerry's Phish Food FroYo ;). Nice work sweetie xoxoxo..!!
Congratulations on a personal best!!
Yay! That's exciting!!
yes we're 64! time for a frou frou coffee...
Congrats!
Great job!! So proud of you!!
Yyyyayyyy!!!! That is so fantastic!!! Congratulations on all of your hard work to get here :):):) and thank you for being an inspiration.
Way to go lovely lady. Congratulations and a big hug from me:-)
So proud of you MWR &lt;3 I'm dipping into some gelato in your honor!
I love posts like this.  Congratulations.  ...
Excellent!! Congrats. On to many more personal records.
Congrats!
Nice! Let's keep the ice cream parties coming!
Yoo-hoo MWR!!!!! You're rockin' it!
This is so fantastic. Congrats! 
Congrats and thank you for your contributions to SD!
Woohoo!!
Grats!
Pure awesomeness!! .Keep up the good work Momwhoruns...:-)
Eight squared. A nice even number. Keep up the good work.
The awesome thing here is that you didn't give up. Yay! Congrats!
Congrats!
Happy 64 days follow mom Midwesterner and runner. I have been enjoying sharing this journey with you...I salute your success with a tasty Klondike bar (dark chocolate covered vanilla)!
Outstanding!
Remember... you still own those 63 days from last time. They are still all yours. 
Oh yeah very some cookies! Lol maybe go see a movie or but yourself something idk whatever you like to do other than drinking tocelebrate! Just tell yourself that it's okay to spend a little on yourself because you'd probably spend far more drinking. Congratulations!!!! 
Nice work! Try Trader Joes French Vanilla. If you like vanilla there will be no other option the best!
Yippee! Well done!
this is incredibly uplifting! This sober thing is new to me and it's utterly astonishing how much everyone's story is similar to mine. It's normal to crave sweets?! Who would have thought! I have never been an ice cream person but to its such a delicious treat! I raise my spoon to you friend! :p
Congratulations!
Congrats on your new record! Take pride in the fact you've proven to yourself that you're grown stronger than ever!
For some reason I was going through the top all time posts in SD this morning and I came across this one. It's the 20th highest post of ALL TIME! I looked at your post history a bit and I'm really impressed with how hard your working on this. You're a very positive and inspiring person. I love how you never give up and always focus on the good in things. I hope you have a great day :)
