-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51n35q/even_though_it_just_cost_me_300_i_cancelled_a/

(I was afraid I'd relapse in the environment.)..I was invited (and accepted the invite) to South Beach. Booked my room (AirBnB cheap) and flight (had miles) and was looking at a Thursday to Monday stay on the beach...That was two months ago. ..As you can see from my badge it's been a week since I decided to quit. (Wow. As much as I'd like to say that was fast it was actually pretty slow. Babysteps.)..Anyway I just needed to tell someone and you're about the best it gets for letting it out. Any similar tales and/or tips?..
----------immediate responses--------

Great choice!!!  You should be proud. I'm just heading home from 3 days at a resort and I wasted 30 percent of it being hung over. I tried to moderate. Clearly didn't work since I'm now on day 2 again. 
Many of us are slow to understand that we need to relearn life without alcohol before we try and be around alcohol. I my life for the first year it was dry people and dry places. It has been awhile since I had my last drink and I stay out of wet places unless I am with somebody who knows I do not drink.
Congratulations!!! 
That is awesome.  I just read this:  ..&gt;I've realized that I cannot go back and make a brand-new start. But by not drinking I can start from now and make a brand-new end...Sounds like you are on your way to a brand new end!
Just think about how much more money you would've spent if you'd gone down there and given into your cravings. Vacation in South Beach would be incredibly hard not to drink you made the right choice. You are protecting your sobriety. 
This post is so huge I wish I could give you a million gold stars!!!! You made a choice to support your sobriety you chose to prioritize your own well being. That's so awesome!!!!
I was sober for almost 4 years. Then I decided I could drink again. Went on a trip to Florida and first night threw up all over the balcony of our hotel room. Ruined the rest of my weekend and I have never been so humiliated in front of my friends. Would have rather stayed home. 
Amazing decision. I salute you friend.
First of all...CONGRATULATIONS on a week!! Awesome!!..As for South Beach: well...I've been there many times and I know I couldn't let myself go back right now because I can't take the chance on jeopardizing my sobriety. KUDOS to you for your decision about cancelling - that was such a huge decision and I'm so proud of you! I think it's awesome that you've prioritized your sobriety great job! :)
All the applause for you! :) I feel like by making such a huge choice you just told yourself how important staying sober is to you. I'm doing the same and making choices that put me 1st (and staying sober is 100% for me) Well done you! 
I think you made an excellent choice. Well done!!
This is great. Congratulations!
Youre strong. I got married in vegas recently and thought I could get through it with out drinking. Turned out no. Luckily I stayed sober through my ceremony and most of the reception but still let myself down. Certain environments just make it hard. Vacations are especially hard. 
Good call! You never regret not drinking in the morning! 
It's great that you recognized you are not ready for that environment. There will be a time you ARE ready! And you will have money saved from not drinking!
[deleted]
Congrats!! I had to cancel dinner tonight with old friends. I was feeling too vulnerable to be around the open bottles of wine. We just need to roll put our sobriety first! .
I hope you are as proud of yourself as I am of you. What a smart decision to make for yourself!
Posts like this make me so damn proud...you are awesome. What a great decision.
Sober people sober places. I'm incredibly impressed with this! I wish I had been smart enough to listen to the responsible part of my brain that early. Would've saved myself from a lot of frustrating white knuckling. You rock!
I understand the difficulty in this decision you made COMPLETELY. I had to give up $400 and a 4-day music festival I had been aching to go to all year. I was fresh out of withdrawals and up till the last minute I was still trying to convince myself I was strong enough to say no. I even planned on carrying around an empty beer can in my hand the whole time just so it would appear I was drinking. Sooooo glad I didn't go. Money can always be replaced. Our lives are more important! Baby Steps! 
That's smart thinking at 7 days. Keep that sort of stuff up and you'll succeed for sure!.
I lost money cancelling a similar trip too. I thought I would regret it. I don't at all. I've had to make a few sacrifices to stay sober but it's my number one priority.
I applaud the strength it takes to do that.  This is an amazing Non-Drinking Victory.  Congratulations.
