-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51o3wi/everything_is_boring/

So I'm on day 3 and I don't really know what to do with myself. All my normal hobbies seem boring without alcohol. I'm really struggling with wanting to drink right now.
----------immediate responses--------

You don't want a drink. That lizard brain wants a drink...Can I ask what made you stop drinking in the first place?
I've heard it said that "it takes 21 days to make or break a habit". I don't know that there's a real figure for that but I do know that it does take some time for the "new norm" to set in. Keep at it- and keep reminding yourself all the reasons why you really WANT to stop drinking. Get through this day be proud of yourself for doing it and things will get better day by day.
Try some new hobbies you were too drunk to try in the past. Get outside go to the gym learn a new skill (woodworking coding etc). The world is your oyster now that you're not tethered to a bottle anymore.
Some of my hobbies are tied with drinking for me like practicing the uke and things so I'm just avoiding them for now &amp; shaking up all my habitual ways. I'm new sober like you so I feel like anything I can do to not to trigger myself is worth doing. 
Don't give in. You've already made it through some of the most difficult days. Treat yourself with new non-alcoholic beverages. I have a ton of cans of sparkling water in the fridge to crack open like I used to crack open beer. Keep something non-alcoholic in your hand and focus on the hobby...I will not drink with you today friend!
I felt that way in the beginning as well.  I think I was just feeling sorry for myself.  I honestly didn't know how I could enjoy my evening bath without a glass of wine.  Now I am so busy I don't have time to do everything I want to do.  I think it was a natural progression into business.  I did start some new hobbies but more importantly the simple normal life things became satisfying again. Hang in there things will get better everyday.
Congrats on 3 days! Hang in there. This is so new that it will take some time. I spent so much time on here and in the IRC; have you visited the chat yet? There's a link in the sidebar on the right. Always a great group of SDers hanging out ready and willing to help support have fun!
It gets better.  It takes a while to surrender and actually appreciate the choice to stay sober.  After some good sober runs I chose to drank and it led me right back here.  I am slowly accepting a sober life and getting used to not needing that manic buzz to make things interesting.  Give it a chance.  You can become a kid again. 
I'm watching Narcos season 2. That scene with Boyd Holbrook drunk calling his wife back home was really rough... Reminded me too much. Welp to sleepsville and Netflix binges.. wish yall the best
Hey mate..I had the exact same thinking when I was in super early days. I actually even wrote a post about it. From my experience life just gets bigger and better things become fun and more exciting in new ways...Consider this: I saved three months' drinking/drugs money to pay for a 10 night all inclusiv holiday to Bodrum in Turkey (I'm sitting by the pool under palm trees as I write this). This morning I woke up and watched the most amazing burnt orange sunrise over blue rolling hills as far as the eye could see...When I was a week sober I didn't think I'd ever have fun again - but things change and with time comes perspective. Stick around and your life will be more happy joyous and free than ever before!
Everything you said reminded me of my day 3. And believe me I had a lot of them! What you're going through sounds to be perfectly normal and I don't believe that this feeling will last forever. I find that now that I am committed to alcohol not being in my life I have lots of things to do including social commitments where I have a blast. Boredom did not last forever.
New Hobbies!..There are tons of productive rewarding hobbies that are fun you just gotta try them out...Drinking "fun" is a pretend sort of fun. It's enjoyment that you make yourself have. because really if you have to fuck up your perception in order to have fun doing something then is it really fun?..So if you aren't enjoying something sober you might not actually enjoy it...I looked into what I loved to do before I started drinking. I loved reading and documentaries coffee and cooking crochet and video games. All of those things have gotten better and more fun since I re-learned how to enjoy them sober...And I have way more money and time to devote to those hobbies because I am not wasted or spending money on that.
From what I read here it's a common feeling. Brain chemistry is out of wack and it takes time to adjust. I felt the same way the first few weeks. Hang in there it gets better. 
