-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51qmsv/and_just_like_that_60_days/

I made the decision to stop drinking after 12 years of going at it pretty hard. The community here in SD has been a huge help. From reading stories to having support. I used to take a little offense when asked if I was still not drinking as if they were waiting for a relapse but not so much now. Since we did ice cream for 30 what's for 60?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations ! That's wonderful.  Whatever is for 60 I'm celebrating with you!
more icecream!? ooh how about really good chocolates. congratulations on the 60! I find people will *always* judge you about one thing or another. At nearly 5 months people still tease me about not drinking. 'whooaa there watch out with the soda water!' or 'thank god soda water's free or our tab would be through the roof!' (my capacity for soda water *is* impressive. I'm like a camel.)  ..and it doesn't matter. yeah go ahead have your laughs. it beats the shit out of being laughed at for being kicked out of a bar or whatever other terrible-to-me-funny-to-them thing I did. so laugh it up. As for people still asking if your'e still not drinking ... its not so much they're waiting for you to relapse they just can't fathom what you're doing and couldn't imagine doing it themselves. you see the same sort of questions/reactions to things like marathon training or going vegan. basically you've stepped outside of the set of social norms by not drinking (which is such crap really when one thinks about how socially unacceptable smoking is these days)  ..you keep doing you. you're the only one who matters here. their 'are you STILL not drinking?!' isn't a 'geeze thought you woulda relapsed by now' but more 'fuck dude that's impressive as hell.' you got this! onward! upward! no quarter! no quarter!
you get to decide! pie?..congrats!
Congratulations!  
Hard Root Beer
Cake!
Congratulations - I like ice cream with that little bit extra as a treat I'll buy ice cream and a couple bags of my favourite lollies say m&amp;m's and fruit chocs I'll mess it all in together and top it off with chocolate topping sauce - those days the kids are amazed they got it so lucky!
Oooooo ice cream AND a special gift for yourself? For my 60 days I'm going with warm chocolate chip cookies w/ ice cream AND a new pair of shoes I've been eyeing  
Your call you deserve it! Great work. Very inspiring. 
Congratulations! Geeeezzzz with all this ice cream cake cookies and goodies I'll wind up gaining back all my alcohol weight I lost lmao! LOL I'm up for whatever you decide..it's your day!..I like what our friend u/not_today_0418 mentions about people waiting for a relapse - I too think that people just can't fathom being sober themselves. So KUDOS for being sober!!! :)
