-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51u6ks/thought_i_was_doing_well_but_its_slowly_killing_me/

Hi everyone. I write this today because I need the support of this community. I have been reading all the success stories on here and I love how amazing everyone is here. I am in my late 20's and I've been struggling with my love for alcohol since college. I binged with my buddies for 5 years in college. Only thing is the party didn't slow down AFTER college. ..I met a nice girl (we dated for 3.5 yrs) and she didn't realize the extent of my drinking habits. She noticed when we went out with friends but because my previous job had me traveling as a consultant during the week I could hole up with a six pack (or more) every night during the week. This led to being even more tired on the weekends unable to do all the activities that we would normally do. I started drinking more when I was at home and it got worse and worse. She couldn't deal with me and took her frustrations out on me (I totally understand why she was really upset seeing me lose control). Long story short I moved out and broke up with a wonderful girl because I needed a life change. ..I got a job offer in a new state making 50% more. I was able to control my drinking. I felt better. I could go 2 3 4 5 days without a drink. But I'd still binge on the weekends. I'm starting to see my performance at work suffering. My face is bloated and red and my skin is not clear. I'm still working out 2-3x per week but I feel like I'm hanging by a thread. My ex wants to give me another chance but on the condition I don't drink. I don't want to drink today and I don't want to drink ever again. ..But I feel hopeless. I'm depressed that I screwed up a relationship with a good person. I can never take back the mean things I said to her while drunk. I want to be healthy and happy but it seems lately every day I just think fuck it and drink 2 bottles of wine or a 6 pack of strong beer. ..I don't want to be the guy that shows up for work looking (and feeling) rough. I want to be in control but it's just so damn hard. I need some people to talk to but I don't necessarily feel the that I want to share this with friends I've made here since I moved here 8 months ago...So I reach out to you all you beautiful strong people. I'm tired of feeling like I let myself down everytime I take a drink. I'm tired of drinking vodka until 1am having to get up at 7am. I'm tired of feeling like I'm a fuck up. And I'm scared that if I continue down this path it will all come crashing down on me...Sorry for the depressing read but I could really use a friend right now...Cheers.J
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome...I can relate to a lot of your story and it was very hard to get out of the addiction because it is so easy to just say fuck it and have a drink.  I could be very adamant about not drinking all day but only took that one thought to get me to start negotiating with myself and decide to quit tomorrow.  That went on nearly daily for years.  I also was an asshole to my family and friends.  I woke up with alcohol induced anxiety every day and was rarely at my best.  Mostly I just did the least amount possible to get through the day so I could drink...However I was able to make a change.  I read and learned as much as I could about addiction.  This sub was an invaluable resource for me to read about people's histories and educate myself.  It was also useful to kill time when I wanted to drink and didn't know what else to do.  It also kept me accountable and my badge was a huge motivator because I wanted it to be meaningful and for me for it to be meaningful meant that I could not just be resetting it all the time.  I remember early on having a nightmare that I drank and my biggest concern in the dream was resetting my badge...I hope to see you around.  
[removed]
I was in that hole--your post brings back to me all the ways I felt and how much I wanted to be different than I was. I just. Couldn't. Do it. Every morning I'd think "Why did I do that?" Swear I wouldn't do it again as I miserably got ready for work and went in hung over again as I did every single day. By the time I got off I was headed straight for the liquor store. "Yeah I feel better now. I'll just do it again!" All memory of that morning--poof--gone. ..I ruined relationships. Said awful things while drunk. Hurtful mean things. The nice thing about it is that with sober time we're sometimes afforded opportunities to make amends for those things and trust can be earned back. Relationships can be mended but only if we can put down our crutch...You are certainly not alone. I was so tired of it all. I'm glad you're here. I didn't have this sub when I finally started my sobriety trek--I would have loved to have the extra support. What helped me the most was finding a safe place to get honest with myself. I needed others to help me and I needed accountability because I was no good on my own. Finding solutions for my problems allowed me to stop relying on alcohol to soothe old hurts and fears. When I began to get a legitimate handle on my life the desire for alcohol was gone. And it really was a relief...For me it took counseling with an addiction therapist a 12-step program and making sober friends who had been down the same road I'd wrecked on :) 
I am glad to hear you say you don't want to be the guy drinking 2 bottles of wine. I encourage you to keep thinking that way!
hi..."I want to be in control" is what keeps us drinking. You're not in control. ..Surrender...Stop drinking...Your life won't be perfect everyday but it will kick major ass.
Sir:  I drank heavily for 30 years until I bought this book on www.audible.com and listened to it over and over again:  "The Easy Way to Control Alcohol" By Allen Carr.  I'd recommend you give it a try.  I listen at night as I'm going to sleep and pick up the next night where I last remembered hearing from the previous night.  When the book's finished I start it again...For me and millions of others Allen Carr has the key that unlocks the ability to stop smoking or quit drinking...I wish you all the best...
The "feelings" only get stronger and harder to deal with sober. That's a fact. ..I'm the type of guy who overthinks everything and agonizes over little day to day hiccups. I have worked very hard on my mental and emotional state over the last year and a half and I've made some progress....Just remember that giving up alcohol is not a magical fix. There's a lot of problems that go away when you quit but there are a lot more that stick around...The thing about being sober is that you cause less problems for yourself 
It gets better being sober. Way better. Hang in there. Sounds like if you keep up sobriety all your other goals will fall into place. I am sober with you tonight. Maybe your girl will remain sober with you? My boyfriend never drinks and it really helps to have him sober with me.
What I try and do is ask myself who DO I want to be today? How DO I want to show up today? Note the distinction in not focusing on what I don't want. EX: I want to live cleanly. I want to treat ALL other people kindly...And I screw up on this front all the time! ..But tomorrow I get to press the RESET button...Your power lies within each day. ..The past is gone. The best you can do is apologize with sincerity and forgive (yourself) with equal sincerity...Good luck.
Your post is not depressing. I can absolutely relate to all of it. Your post has given me strength today...Thank you for sharing. What I can say is that I was able to get sober once to save a relationship. I was able to get sober this time for myself. Whatever motivation I can muster it doesn't matter as long as I don't drink...I can't moderate. Well I tried for years. Sometimes I could moderate for a day sometimes a week sometimes a few months. The bottom line is that I always return to drinking too much and too often. I always turn into a complete asshole at some point while drunk. I get an edge between drinking days. I make bad choices that hurt other people and make me ashamed of myself...What this means for me is that I can't drink. Sometimes that is great and I don't want to drink at all. Sometimes I want a drink really bad as I walk in a grocery store and see alcohol. Some days are breezy and some days are white-knuckles. This struggle is largely because I relapsed with one (1!) glass of wine 3 weeks ago. This thing is real and it is serious...I am happy to not drink today and I hope you will consider not drinking with me.
I can see myself having written just about all of this post. I know exactly what you are going through. I wouldn't say your story is depressing it's honest. I'd also like to point out that you will miss nothing if you get sober. Many many more doors in your life will open than close. I've never never regretted being sober I've certainly regretted every time I've had 2 bottles of wine in a night.
