-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51xg3h/relationships_work_and_anger/

Hey SD..I am really struggling with my anger/defensiveness. I only have 18 days so I am still fresh into recovery. I haven't really told anyone besides my family about my attempt to be sober. I am 28 and live with two roommates and work as a web developer...I realize that with my short time in recovery everything is not magically going to be OK. When I was drinking I was a complete piece of shit. I would steal booze from my roommates never clean around the house slack off at work make stupid mistakes lie to get out of trouble and isolate in my room. Now that I am sober I still am feeling the consequences of being so selfish. Everything I say is questioned. Everything that goes wrong/missing around the house is blamed on me. Everything that I work on that is subjective and open to opinion is put down. ..Now that I am sober I am clear headed enough to not lie to clean up not isolate and overall perform better at work but people still are so negative towards me. I am quick to get defensive and argue and curse and lose my cool. When I was drinking I would just brush it off and keep moving but I seriously feel like I want to rip everyones head off now. It's a combination of "Don't you see how much better I am doing" and "Fuck you I don't care". ..I guess I am just ranting a bit but I feel like with this new found sobriety it has become me against the world. I am getting relief from AA and this subreddit but it's definitely not easy dealing with consequences of my drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I have found that selfishness is the root of all of my problems including drinking.  I work the 12 steps and have been able to slowly change my character defects.  I was doubtful of the process at first but it has truly changed my life.  ..Also don't get too down on yourself just yet!  You're doing great by staying sober and take some pride in that right now!
I ended up reading books on anger that helped me out.  There's a bit of acceptance needed when it comes to anger 'I'm angry I want to change I'm trying to change' that reminded me of addictions.
I know it's rough but try to think of it from their perspective. If you've been engaging in this shitty behavior for years it'll take more than a couple of weeks to convince them you're truly turning yourself around to get better. It must be tough not to get any encouragement but just keep improving for you. 
