-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/520pln/i_cant_even_remember_what_it_feels_like_to_drink/

I just randomly logged in and saw that I hit 700 days. It's been a few months since I last checked out SD. I never went to any meetings or relapsed. I just kind of talked about sobering up on here and went at it day by day. This being my only go at sobriety I feel like I won. At the same time I realize how dangerous that line of thinking is because there are times I think hell why not just have one drink today. That's where I stop myself and think about how I couldn't stop shaking and how fearful I was of having a fatal seizure. It was so bad that I swore that no matter what happened I would never drink again. Yet here I am with my mind subconsciously urging me to just have one. I don't even remember how good it felt to drink. So why do I even test myself by even contemplating having one drink? It's insane how bad that fish hook is at the bottom of each bottle. It just doesn't let go. But I'm not getting hooked again. 700 and counting.
----------immediate responses--------

700 days is amazing!  Congrats! 
congrats on 700 days. ..talking about it does seem to take away the power. .You know drink one equals you're back at uncontrollable shaking and this time you'll probably have that seizure
Yeah its best not to think about it. We aren't drinkers anymore.
Congrats on 700 days! We are all rooting for you!
Wow I definitely remember how it feels and even miss the feels (rarely) don't miss the devastation that surrounds those feels though
Pretty awesome achievement. 
Congrats.  It's weird I got off work today and walked into a grocery store as someone was walking out with a 12 pack.  Brain said ahh let's do that too.  Still get those weird fleeting thoughts but instead grabbed a 4 pack of some fancy cream soda.  I too don't remember what it feels like to be drunk but my brain still wants it every once n a while..
I also feel like this sometimes  but I don't go for it for two main reasons: .One I don't miss drinking.Two sometimes I hang around drunk people......Congratulations!
Congrats - got any great stats t share? money saved weight lost promotions gained and so on?
Congrats! 700 is a big number! Never take the bait!
Congrats on 700 days (701 I see now)! What a great accomplishment! .I found myself wondering yesterday about if I would still have the urge to drink after months or years of sobriety and posted about it. I'm glad to see from your example that though I may still get hit with temptation down the line that the awareness of why I shouldn't head down that path again can continue to snuff out that little voice in my head that tries to drag me back just as you are doing. Thanks for your post and I will continue to not drink with you today!
Check ins like this from people I remember in my early days are my favourite types of posts! Nice to hear you're doing well!
