-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/522g8o/people_laughed_at_me_in_rehab/

So I want to share this. ..In rehab at day 11 sober I was feeling better. I was energetic and was ready to raise my hand and speak up in class. And in class they asked "what are some things we can avoid in the real world to avoid relapse?" ..Soo I raised my hand and said "I think we should avoid benzos because they can cause relapses they do for me" and people laughed. And the speaker was like "well yeah one drug leads to another" ..I didn't fucking mean we should avoid abusing benzos for fun to get fucked up. ..I meant.. Like when I had a surgery I was so scared they gave me a Valium and that "scratched an itch" and just made me crave alcohol more. When I was going to fly out of the country I was scared so a doctor prescribed a short dose of Xanax and taking those fucking really made me want to drink and I did. Hard. I took one before going to the airport and ended up getting so drunk that I wasn't allowed to take the flight so I missed a vacation.. My best friend and fiance went to Spain without me because I didn't have the extra money to reschedule =/..What I guess I meant to say was sometime in life doctors will prescribe benzos for short term issues and that's scary because these personally make me want to drink and they make it super easy to drink.. ..I didn't mean "getting  fucked up on 4bars will make you wanna drink"  but I think everyone thought I meant it that way and they thought I was making a joke  but I wasn't
----------immediate responses--------

I completely agree with what you said and I think it's true in a lot of cases. I haven't experienced it personally but I have friends who have. It sucks that they laughed because that's a valid point you made. Stay strong
thats one reason to be upfront will all doctors and ask for minimal doses - or alternatives - your levels of adherence to this may vary. - I know someone who does colonoscopy without meds for this reason - not me. 
Good point. Drs named to be aware of these issues before they casually prescribe. My son got a script yesterday after he got his wisdom teeth out and I want them out of my house!!
One of my counselor in rehab referred to benzodiazepines as 'powered alcohol'. It sure can trigger cravings. I have a neurological conditions that benzodiazepines help manage. Once I detoxed from alcohol I decided not to continue with them. I Hope the rest of your stay went well.
I've got some really ugly chronic nerve pain and have been on a low dose benzo for a few years. Not thrilled about it and would love to taper off of it first chance but the condition keeps flaring up. I'm just hoping to dodge opiates. Of course all my (many) doctors know I'm an alcoholic addict. I didn't have history with benzos before and haven't abused them now...What I can relate to is the part where your people talk about getting put on painkillers and end up on junk. Long term opiates don't sound so appealing.
No one should laugh at your honesty and that sucks I'm sorry. I consider myself lucky because I'm allergic to most painkillers so pills were never an option for me. When I am feeling anxious though I load up on B vitamins. The worst side effect is your pee turning neon yellow but they seem to help level me out.
You made a great point there I struggle with anxiety too and I'm careful that if I'm discussing it with a doctor that they're aware of my alcohol abuse and that my preference is to avoid addictive substances altogether. Learning to manage my anxiety better has taken time and therapy and I'm still prone. Thankfully once I drew a hard line on having no alcohol I've slowly become much better at managing it I have better tools and I'm more comfortable in being uncomfortable at times.
You can always say no to a medication! Even in a hospital or procedural setting. Just be up front with your doctor or the pre-op nurse or whatever. If you're ever in a situation where you are being given meds that you don't know what they are it's totally fine to stop and be like "hey what are you giving me." It's your nurse's job to know what you are being given and to explain it it's your provider's job to work with you to find alternatives. If you get push back it's not you it's them not doing their jobs. And I am a nurse that has given a lot of procedural sedation (where we sometimes rush and do not fully explain what we will give!)
Thank you for sharing this. I didn't know that there are certain drugs that if administered for legitimate reasons might make me want to drink more again...It's worth knowing because it means that if I'm ever in the situation I can have an honest conversation with the doctor about it to find alternatives (if they exist).
My program had an educational sequence where they made sure we understood this. Tell your dr's you are an alcoholic/addict and they may prescribe other medications or dosages. And work with your support network to make sure you stay on track if you have to take addictive narcotics for medical procedures. For example I have different psychiatric medicines as an alcoholic. ..But this isn't really the issue. They shouldn't have laughed at you though it happens. People are just people. Don't worry about it you can still be strong here on your side of the street. 
I'm pretty much an avoid all drugs kindof guy. Prescription or otherwise. I just don't have the make up for it.
When I read "benzos can cause relapse" I immediately agreed being a recreational bar-taker in my past.  I would have laughed too most probably the people that laughed did so because they could relate to this fact.  And bars and alcohol==the devil mixture..retrograde amnesia is the worst. Highly regrettable mistakes abusing that combo landed me right here.    
Sounds like people thought you were making a joke. They weren't laughing at you they were laughing because what you said is funny. Because it is but it's also true. .
