-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/527pnh/struggling_with_a_higher_power/

I'm not religious or spiritual at all. Like to the point I get somewhat pissed when others tell me to find a "high power". I keep an open mind but that's just not me. ..I spent some time in rehab and met a very cool dude and he said some shit about this. He was a heroin addict which is not like alcoholism but I asked him why he prays in classes. He said.."I don't believe in God and I don't pray to some high power. When I say the prayers I am talking to myself 10 years from now. A clean me"..That kinda stuck with me and now that's who I talk to. I still do not do prayers at meetings and honestly I think the higher power concept is odd. I know it helps others and that's fine..But if you have no high power or spirituality as I do. Picturing yourself clean 1/2/5/10/20 years from now is a huge thing is something that I envision and I use this vision when folks speak st meetings of a "higher power"
----------immediate responses--------

Cool. I like that interpretation of higher power.
If it works for you that's the litmus test...I'll share that 'religious' and 'spiritual' are two very different things for me...I think of myself as a Spiritually Oriented Quantum Mystic...The Higher Power "thingy" is associated with the Willpower concept...I've got immense Willpower.  I've been very successful through applications of my Willpower.  Virtually everything I've concentrated my Will on I've achieved...But I had to learn that left to me and my Will.  Will and I would drink...What's that mean?  It means no matter how successful in other parts of my life I needed "outside help" to stop drinking and to then journey to Sober Living.  ..I indeed needed 'a power outside me' or higher power.  ..Some people achieve sobriety based just on their own Will.  I admire them.  ..Many can't do that.  I was one.  ..There are many things in the ever expanding universe more powerful than me:  just a few examples are gravity grizzly bears the tides of the ocean radioactivity time light the sun and..... alcohol once it's inside me.  ..I'm more powerful than alcohol that's inside the wine bottle.  When the wine is inside me I'm no longer sober...The only sober choice I make is whether to have the FIRST drink.  After that the alcohol is choosing. ..There's a saying:..*I took the first drink.*..*Then my drink took a drink*...*Then the Drink took Me.*..My brother committed suicide 7 months ago.  The Drink took him...Is there anything more powerful than you?..Just for Today I forgo ONE drink:  The First One.
My higher power is AA and its system. I had a bad emotional event lately and I wanted to withdraw isolate medicate. Listening to so many other people in meetings talk about isolating taught me that 1 I wasn't doing that because I'm solitary but because my addiction wants me to itself and 2 the reason you go to lots of meetings is because you need to hear that. Hear it once you say hmm hear it five times you say ohh! ..I had to "turn it over" and ask for help and without a HP that meant turn it over to the AA system. I texted my sponsor I went to meetings I spoke in meetings and I got through it without a drink. ..I'm also learning from others in meetings about managing anger and justified resentment. When someone spots off that you'll fail without God I don't go to Defcon 5 anymore!
I'm an atheist.  My "higher power" is engagement with other drunks in recovery.  
Wikipedia defines "secular spirituality" like this: qualities such as love compassion patience tolerance forgiveness contentment responsibility harmony and a concern for others...This is my kind of spirituality. I'm an atheist and I've found a way to make AA work for me. ..You are asking great questions and I like the idea of you 10 years from now!
I am an athiest in AA. In early recovery I was very desperate and did whatever they told me. I struggled with all the talk about god and a higher power prayers all of it. But I just kept doing it. I prayed multiple times a day and i raised questions about the meaninh of a higher power probably more than I should have. Eventually I needed to be true to myself. It is ok not to believe in god. It is okay to believe in the power of the universe or the power of AA without believing in god. Sometimes people in AA or the big book itself dont sent that message. ..Sometimes I pray. But i pray to vocalize my feelings to acknowledge my thoughts hopes failures and successes. I try to apply the 'Take what you want and leave the rest' saying to spirituality and AA.
I was a pretty militant atheist and antitheist before I got sober. I did however consider myself a humanist with an ethical and moral code. I generally wasnt consistent with it though especially when I was drinking. Just a lot of talk about who I was and no action... I was just so desperate though that I was willing to go to any lengths to get sober. I found that I really wasn't much of an atheist. After all booze had been a god to me. I worshipped it paid tribute to it did what it said had no control over the need for it. Whether I believed in booze or not it believed in owning me...I've found that peoples conceptions of God or a high power tell me a lot more about then than it does their higher power. I starting praying to a god I didn't believe in and found that my thoughts or conceptions of it really didnt matter. What changed were my actions and my obsession with alcohol was lifted. I don't know what God is and it doesn't matter because I pray and it works. I'm not that important that I have to understand the reality of the metaphysical or spiritual world. I just think about Marcus Aurelius and The Stoic Man or Kurt Vonnegut in Breakfast of Champions...As they say you can not think yourself into right living but you can live your way into right thinking. in other words God is not a noun it's a verb. Take right action free yourself from the bondage self and you'll find that although no amount of willpower could keep you sober something more powerful than you suddenly will.
I don't believe in the traditional God or any major religion. I do believe there is a "universal order" to everything. When I pray it's to this order that I speak. It is for my own thankfulness that I say a prayer. I am better for it and I don't have to donate to any $ to materialistic Religions. That's my work around for all this God stuff. Hope it all works out for you. Best. 
Whatever works for you...go with it. .
