-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52800d/6_months_sober_today_for_the_first_time_in_my/

Who knew I could ever make it this far. Insane. Let me tell you if I can do it you can...It took many different tries tons of failures having to detox myself from many poisons- but here I am. I went to the hospital 9 times in a month once for various suicide attempts and drama...I know I probably will drink again sometime in my life oh well. I'm only 25 and giving up alcohol for the rest of my life sounds impossible but honestly this has been a great break and I know I will make it to at least a year if not more...I used to use alcohol as a way to create fun- and what I've realized is it doesn't do that. I see no logic drinking at home alone seriously that's so fucking boring. I remember once when I was about 17 I tried getting drunk alone at  home playing Kingdom Hearts. It was so boring and I stopped drinking immediately and went to bed. I feel like I am back at that point alcohol is the most boring stupid thing again! Funny how things come full circle...Playing a video game sober at home is way more fun than being drunk. It sucks I broke my brain. But I know my path is a lot different than some. Quitting drinking at such a young age is rare and thus hopefully I can still have a good life. If that means giving up alcohol forever so be it. One day at a time. ..I'm very happy I was able to do this. I give thanks to where its due to my therapist and my higher power. I'm going to stay sober today and I need to not bother myself with those thoughts of relapse in 10 years. I'm silly...Anyways wooO!!
----------immediate responses--------

Big ol' internet HIGH FIVE! That's awesome work my friend. You sound like you're in a good place!
Congrats on 6 months!! Great job :).
Video games drunk was the worst.  I would ruin my progress and forget what I did in the game and get way too mad.  Congrats on that 6 months.  Just think you did 6 months you can do another 6 months and another... and another.
congrats!
Awesome awesome awesome job.   Congrats!
6 months! That's fantastic.
Wow amazing man! Can relate on video games. I used to think it was way more fun if I play with a bottle of whiskey on the side next to me. Turns out I was pretty damn wrong. Congrats! 
Great attitude. I wish I had stopped drinking at 25 but here we are today and sober.
Congrats! Here's to another 6 months! One day at a time of course :)
Congrats good luck moving forward!
You're such an inspiration to me! Congrats on 6 months!
Congratulations on six months! Recognizing alcohol is a problem for you and doing something about it now is WAY better than waiting. :) 
Holy smokes dude! Nice job!
[deleted]
Right behind you dude. Congrats!
One day at a time is the way to be!  Keep up the good work..
Awesome!
Congrats on 6 months! I'm 25 too and quitting at this age seems impossible but you made me realize that it can be done. Thanks for sharing. 
Don't worry about the future bro just worry about today. I like you doubt I will do this forever I have dreams of margaritas and cruises and dive bars in other countries. but one day at a time has been working great and my life is so much better than it used to be. 
massive respect. 
Nice congrats! I'm considering trying to get into gaming now that I'll have more free time. I'm an old dog though. The last system I seriously played on was an N64! ..Have a great sober Sunday.
Quitting drinking at 25 ain't that rare! I'm also 25 quit opiates and alcohol when I was 24. Why do you think we have Young People's Groups all over the country!? ..Congrats though! 
Great job me too! Same age and sobriety!
Great job me too! Same age and sobriety!
[deleted]
