-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/528mbl/struggling_with_my_mom/

My Mom is an amazing person and I love her.  She is almost 70 years old and I've never seen her take a day off the booze.  Her life revolves around drinking and while she's aware of my sobriety it's kind of impossible for her to truly comprehend..  When I quit drinking it was in a tornado of insanity that ended in destitute homelessness.  My mom and her husband live an idyllic life and are respected members of their community.  ..This has created a huge rift in our relationship where we both feel left out and resentful.  She is always wanting for me to come 'party' with her.. and I am always refusing.  Meanwhile I am isolating myself from them- but the times I've gone I always regret and end up with me feeling horrible.  ..Somedays it's easy to remember that she is a sick person and I am a sick person and I can just have compassion for her.  But some days I just feel filled up with resentment that she has chosen alcohol over me every single day of my existence. ..The next time I see her will be Thanksgiving and it will also be my 10 year soberversary.  I want to have compassion not judgement I'm just not sure if I can keep myself in check...Thanks SD for listening and existing- I know I'm not the only one...
----------immediate responses--------

Holy jumpin shit congratulations on the upcoming 10 years :)  ..And I'm sorry about your mum. My dad and I have a similar rift and I just..try and keep in mind that him and I are fundamentally different and I love him regardless. Best of luck with your mum. Remember : you're responsible for your sense of peace and well being.  
Sorry to hear about this predicament. Compassion is a solid route and you've tried it as I did toward a problem parent. I needed Reconciliation- accepting shit won't change to make peace and be at as much peace internally as possible. This sounds like a no-brainer but I know in my case I needed reconciliation to ditch as much resentment as possible. It's like a hazmat mop-up for my headspace. Good luck to you and stay strong.
I know I shouldn't be but I am kind of surprised by how many people I've met in meetings and on here that come from alcoholic homes.  My parents never drank while I was growing up and didn't really start having a drink or two at night until I was in my 30's.  Even then they just have a drink or two.  ..I am sorry you are dealing with this.  I can understand why you would feel resentful.  Hope things get better!
&gt;But some days I just feel filled up with resentment that she has chosen alcohol over me every single day of my existence.|..So true. But I did the same for so long. We simply need to cope. For exemple: I am helping out my wife's son with some major issue that just came up on the house he just bought. Long story short we need to line-up contractors dig in the papers from the notary and arrange for a lawyer. I need some info from him but... he is half drunk and high on pot and is being half evasive and half aggressive. "Friggin' drunk" is what comes to mind. But then I look at the mirror...
