-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/528x20/day_1/

I will not drink today...I'm 34 male live alone in a city and every night I drink alcohol and watch TV until I fall asleep. I wake up super early (like 4-5am) do chores/internet and such and then off to work at a demanding job. And then as soon as I get back home it's time to drink again. This describes the last six or so years...In the rest of my life I make plenty of healthy choices in terms of diet exercise nutrition and safety. I tell myself that because I am otherwise so healthy it is OK to relax after work using alcohol...Back in the day one or two drinks was enough to get a nice buzz and be social. This is no longer the case. If I start drinking then I will always drink to completion. I don't drink around friends/family anymore because they are all social drinkers and I know that after a few drinks I will not want to cease. I will usually be sober around friends/family knowing that when I arrive home I can drink then alone in peace...Back in college I read Infinite Jest. Back then I thought that "oh jeez the alcoholics in this book are totally different kinds of humans how intense and strange!" But now I identify with them and their struggles and recognize the portrayals as the honesty of great fiction...I've had life-long issues with shyness social anxiety and depression and I tell myself that alcohol is helping me to deal with the worst of the symptoms that come with that. I tell myself that I am generally healthy but I need help on some nights to recover after an intense day or a wave of anxiety/depression. I know this is false. But I treat it as true...Enough is enough. Alcohol is poison and I am simply taxing my physical and mental health every day with it. It is not granting me access to better life experiences it is only holding me back from them...Here we go! Day 1!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!! You're making the right choice and I promise that if you stick with it the benefits will amaze you. I've made it 35 days sober (longest stretch in 15 years of heavy drinking) and the amount of energy goodwill and motivation coming out of me was astounding. Of course I ruined all that by thinking I could go back to drinking twice a month or so but that's a different story for a different day. Alcohol always brought out the depressed hermit inside of me and closed me off from the world although in my sodden mind I thought it did the opposite - you know life of the party and all that. Even thought I like you willingly overlooked the obvious lie eventually sobriety will shed light on the truth. In sobriety you will (most likely no promises here) surprise yourself in wonderful ways. Just keep coming back here every day for support...ALSO I LOVE INFINITE JEST. Some of the darkest and most haunting writing I've ever read regarding addiction - it also improved my vocabulary about 500%. Maybe you should read it again during this period of getting sober! It may speak to you. ..Tl;dr: Congratulations. I'm not drinking with you today.
Remember: you only need to do this one day at a time. If you feel like drinking after work go to bed. Wake up tomorrow and see how you feel.
I identify with so much of what you wrote! Welcome to the best thing that you could ever do for yourself!..I will not drink with you today!
Day 1 to a better life. Good job! Also Infinite Jest has always been on my reading list but now I think I'll check it out. Thanks. 
Welcome! Pretty new here as well and I gotta say it's incredibly helpful to be on this board. I joined Reddit for this purpose only!..I know the feeling of beginning to Identify with IJ (as my username might indicate)... I spent most of those 1k+ pages in denial and now it keeps popping back in to my head. I hope to see you around more :)
Hi and welcome! I haven't read Infinite Jest yet but sounds like that may be next on my list. If you haven't read This Naked Mind yet you may want to pick up a free copy in the sidebar on the right. Here we go!
Hi Spicedpecans your story is so close to mine that 2 months ago I'd be afraid I got drunk and blackout posted it :-).34 here in a city alone professional have non-drinking hobbies drank alone daily (but would also embarrass myself in public too on "big nights")..what has been helpful for me is: let my family and coworkers know that I'm not drinking (they had already seen me wasted many times-and "got it") and pick an alternate hobby and do it every day right when getting home from work...Reading posts every day here has been really helpful as well since it's so easy to "forget" that I can't drink normally...One other thing that I've read on here repeatedly that really resonated was the concept of willpower as a limited resource-so don't burn it unnecessarily.  Like working out the same muscle groups 3 days in a row-which can set me up for fatigue and failure.  Whitenuckling through moderation (have 1 or 2 beers and force a stop) or hanging out in a bar drinking water would wear me down so that the next time I'd get sick of holding back and would binge.  Just like if you have too many "just to catch up" dates with a crazy ex you're probably going to sleep together putting oneself in too many booze encounters can wear a person down.  Sounds like you were drinking mostly alone which might be a good thing since you can control that environment better-but the happy hour aspect can be a tough one if that's still a factor...Best of luck!
Welcome! So much of the way you describe your drinking reads like mine. I have a week now and can tell you it's so much better. I will gladly join you in not drinking today and any time! :)
Since you like to read I suggest The Easy Way by Allen Carr.  It allows you to quit drinking without using willpower because it will convince you to never even want to drink again...Willpower is a tricky thing to overcome and you will need all available tools at your disposal.  I wish you the best!
