-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52c08p/sia_is_6_years_sober/

Life is such a gift. I cried tears of joy today. I cried because a good friend of mine last night noticed that I wasn't drinking and all he said to me was "I see you" and winked. What a remarkable way to show support without bringing too much attention to me in the middle of a gathering of friends. ..Then I met with two other friends today for a rehearsal and when they asked how I'm doing I said "really great actually". "More details" they requested. So I told them that I've been sober for over a month and they both just started nodding. I talked about why I stopped I talked about what has improved in my life and they both related. They both have noticed their own brains and bodies struggling against the use of *poison* on a regular basis. They said that they were glad I shared and that it really inspired them to look at their own habits. WHUT THE WHUT!! ::happy dance::..Now I'm sober in my room working on applications for art things and realizing that I would never be hustling this hard if I were still drinking. And then I read that Sia just celebrated 6 years sober yesterday. She tweeted about it. I am always so happy when public figures share their own struggles with mental health issues and addiction issues. ..You guys we sobernauts are not only choosing to appreciate this precious gift of life clear-headed and honestly. We are inspiring others to do the same whether we realize it or not!..Keep on keepin' on. Thanks for reading my ramble. :-P
----------immediate responses--------

What a nice thing for your friend to say I like it! And I have to admit that I have no idea who Sia is.
I can't sing bird set free without getting choked up. I love that she authentically shares her struggle. Pain into art!
This is so awesome! I've loved feeling like others see my non-drinking as something inspiring...My step mom is a big wino. Last week after talking to her and my dad about my decision to stop drinking I grabbed my copy of This Naked Mind for her to read... And she's been reading it! I'm delighted and surprised because this woman *really* loves her wine. What's even better I didn't see her have a single glass of wine tonight. She's been sipping caffeine free tea instead and put LaCroix on her grocery list for the week. ..Sober on Bolder! I won't drink with you tonight. 
Love the story of your friend offering quiet approval. Congrats on 37 days!
Yay for Sia and yay for you :)
I always thought the video for elastic heart was so damn creepy until it was explained to me that it was about her struggles with addiction.  Then it suddenly made so much sense. 
I had to reset my badge today. Thank you for posting this. 
&gt;You guys we sobernauts are not only choosing to appreciate this precious gift of life clear-headed and honestly. We are inspiring others to do the same whether we realize it or not!..Oh I like this! Thank you for sharing this great post :-)
Sia is 40 years old. That blew my mind. No wonder shes always hiding her face.
I see you! xoxo
I'm a huge Sia fan for many reasons - one of them being her sobriety and how she makes her struggles public but herself private.  Funny you mentioned her because yesterday I was going to the pool with my boyfriend and wore a new bikini top.  One side was white and one was black and he told me I was reminding him of Sia!  Thanks for sharing and keep it up :)
her sobriety and her  lyrics from Elastic Heart make me realize I am a badass who can now survive anything: ..let's be clear won't close my eyes.And I know that I can survive.I'll walk through fire to save my life.And I want it I want my life so bad.I'm doing everything I can
