-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52cgt7/struggling/

I have a new job that's hell on earth. I'm broke and trying to find another job and normally by now I'd be on a bender. Grateful to be sober. ..I have horrible social anxiety that I used to ease with alcohol. I don't open up easily to people and I'm still learning how to function without. I made a big social faux pas last week and i keep replaying it. Fighting the alcoholic thinking like crazy tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry you're struggling. Hang in there.
Get yourself some Tonic Water Cranberry Juice and a hint of Lime. This is a nice concoction that's helped me out if ever a craving comes about. ..Biggest thing I've learned in sobriety is to PAUSE. Take a breather for 30 seconds or 60 seconds listen to Enya or hot springs spa resort music or watch some cuteness over at /r/BabyElephantGifs. ..I'm always going to be battling TweedleDee and TweedleDumbass in my head but as long as I go to meetings stay connected with sober folks and don't drink I'll be good...Stay strong and keep up the great work!..
Hi there same here with social anxiety issues and a job that's just a job .. buddy you r not alone. i am taking it 1 day a time 1 social situation at a time..i was jobless drinking introvert for more than an year and it was so painful coming out of closet...it has improved but no way near being comfortable. but i can't go back to drinking just because of my own inability to manage emotions..i need to manage them slowly in pieces maybe but hanging in there.. it would get better..the world will be normal place for me again.. take it easy no matter what happens we aren't drinking..because if we do today what about tomorrow day after... peace !
wow yeah i can relate: the crappy job the 'no money' the social anxiety and even the replay of my stupidity in social situations! ......but i'm glad we're here and I appreciate your sharing your experience even at 299 days. Hope you can get some rest tonight and some reprieve at your job...i'm wishing you some good karma will come your way;-)
Social faux pas happen all the time...I'm sure you are beating yourself up way more than is necessary...You have 300 days of sobriety to be proud of. Please don't take this one moment of saying the wrong thing at the wrong time to measure yourself by...We have all done it. I have mostly done it when I have been drinking but also sober...It's embarrassing but not the end of the world. ..Is there any way you might be able to make amends? Maybe you could send an email saying sorry or addressing it explaining it?..Most likely you will get a 'don't worry about it' because faux pas happen all the time. Because humans are fallible and we all make mistakes...The one mistake you are not making is turning to alcohol to 'fix' a problem that is only made worse with alcohol...Forgive yourself for making a mistake. Be kind to yourself. Take care of yourself. Be a friend to yourself...Sending you good vibes relaxation vibes and forgiveness vibes. ..I will make mistakes with you today and I will not drink with you today :)
Hang in there it WILL  get better... 
Don't forget that starting drinking again will pretty much guarantee your inability to get a new job. 
