-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52dv0a/once_i_forget_how_bad_the_relapse_feels_i/

I went 6 months sober in 2014 I don't know why I can't hack it now. Its so hard. These hangover days after binges are so horrifically demoralizing I just have to endure them. All the time the thought repeating in my head 'you've been here a thousand times and you never learn just give up'. That feeling when you really start to give up hope is just awful...Sorry had to vent some of this awful feeling.
----------immediate responses--------

Reading the stories here that are so close to my past experiences make me feel like I'm right back there with the regret and embarrassment. My plan is to keep reading and keep reading so that I never start to think it wasn't that bad and surely I can moderate now. 
nothing's set in stone but your headstone and *that's* not made up yet because *you're* still here and while that may seem like a mixed blessing just now know that it means there's time and there's hope to change. You have that power in your hands. 
[deleted]
You did it once you can do it again. Your homework is to spend half an hour a day reading the posts here. 
Let's not give up. I kept adding layers to my plan.  Every layer I added was a bit more out of my comfort zone.  SD AA and finally a sponsor.  The IRL support was critical for me.  I have had some good sober runs and like you made to decision to experiment with moderation. Those decisions led me back to what I already knew.  Alcohol always leads to obsession for me.  I am finally getting to the point of acceptance and surrender.  Let's keep fighting and adding layers until we win.  
I posted something similar this morning. I too have done 5 months - twice over the last 3 years but now I just can't seem to get past 2 weeks. However I can't ever stop trying because being a drunk is no life at all and for me a dangerous one. I know that feeling of lost hope and it scares me when I feel like that. Please remember we CAN and WILL get better. Thank you for sharing it helps to know we are not alone. 
I can relate. Haven't topped a week in over a year and haven't topped 2 days in the last 6 months. But reading here reminds me that people DO get sober. That can be us too. 
.I think you should be MORE proud of those 6 months and feel LESS bad about your relapse. 6 months is a great achievement so celebrate it and say to yourself that you can do it again :) . .For me at least negative thoughts are almost as poisonous as the alcohol especially after relapse. They lead me to self pity self hatred and the I don't give a F attitude. Whenever I focus on the positive things then it becomes more bearable.
I've had countless practice starts. When a craving hits I make myself go for a walk. I've been cracking la Croix cans like beers. I keep telling myself wine doesn't taste as good as sober feels. I've been reading on here constantly to remember I am not alone and yes it is possible to live a happy healthy sober life. I won't drink with you today.
Starting to give up hope is not the same as having lost hope. There is always some hope in each of us. If you are writing here then I think that there must still be some hope that is wanting and waiting to resurface. ..Six months sober sounds amazing! I hope to see that some day. What was it like?
&gt; All the time the thought repeating in my head 'you've been here a thousand times and you never learn just give up'. ..You know what?  That thought of "you've been here a thousand times" is what got me to change...I purposely excluded the rest of the sentence you said because that part isn't helpful and IMO isn't true.  Every experience helps us learn.  ..Over and over again I had to repeat the process of being humbled being afraid bewildered confused and all the other stuff that comes from drinking...At some point in my journey drinking just started to seem like a boring thing to do.  I just started to see it in a really different way.  Where once I used to view drinking as a fun escape I started to see it for the depressing activity it was.  I started to realize that all the bad stuff that was happening in my life was happening because of my drinking...Once these ideas finally settled into my mind I knew I had an opportunity to change things.  I realized that I could seek help or continue to try and blot out the intolerableness of my current situation but it was definitely MY CHOICE...So that's the thing - instead of telling myself "you never learn" I found it MUCH more helpful to just realize that everything was a learning experience.  That even if I had to get drunk 10000 times I was still learning something.  I don't even have to be able to articulate or define what that something is that I'm learning.  I'm getting the lessons at deeper levels of my being and that all these lessons are working to help me change and find a better more fulfilling path...Once I realized that I no longer wanted to learn what alcohol had to offer I started to want to learn what other more enlightened and healthy patterns had to offer...Once I made that shift in mindset then it became easy.  I knew that if I wanted to learn the other things that I would eventually need to put alcohol on the shelf because those other things those other healthier patterns weren't able to get through unless I was off booze for a longer period of time...So I made a decision to stop drinking at that point and find those other patterns and when I did.....life started getting better and better...The fog of alcohol started to lift the days were not nearly as terrifying my anger started to subside and while there were still things that I needed to work on I knew I was headed in a better direction...Over the last year those feelings and experiences have grown stronger and stronger and stronger to where now I just realize that alcohol is just a very cheap substitute for what I have and experience today.  I don't have any desire to ever go back to drinking because my life is in such a better place than it was a year or more ago...So try not to kick the every living shit out of yourself simply because you chose to drink again.  It's OK....you also have a choice to NOT drink again.  This is your choice and it's all going to be OK.  Eventually when you've had enough pain humiliation shame frustration whatever....you'll start to ask if there's a different way to live....a better way to live.  Just know - there is and you can experience it also...I wish you all the best on your journey.
thank you for sharing. I hope it helped you because I know it helped me
I've been going through the same routine countless times for a long long time.  Just as you said as soon as I'm feeling better I somehow justify drinking that day.  The problem is these days when I start drinking it turns into multi-day (up to a week) around the clock bender.  This has crushed me career and financially wise.  I'm on day 7 right now and I'm feeling a lot of anxiety at the moment and some red wine sounds good and relaxing.  But I know what that will lead to... more misery anxiety and financial distress.  I'll join you in not drinking today.  Thanks for your post it's what I needed to read and remind me at this time.
I feel you I had 8 months of sobriety and then I started thinking "well maybe I don't have as big as problem as i thought i did and that i'll just take it easy with the alcohol this time." Lo and behold a couple weeks after starting again I was right back to drinking heavily almost every night..
don't give up.  you are the only you that you have.  i believe each time we try and fail or succeed we learn something important.  you have done both!  there is always hope - i mean six months is really amazing!  you did it before you can do it again.  let's do this!
Half measures availed us nothing its when we gave up absolutely    
I just relapsed at 5 months. I never thought I could feel so low and awful. I was dealing with a painful hangover shame regret and embarrassment. I relate so much with your post. The thing is I want to always remember this low point as my motivation. It was an absolutely horrifying feeling that I never want to experience again. Moving forward if I'm tempted I'm going to try to remember how awful I felt and unhappy I was about the situation. I'm here not drinking with you friend.
