-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52i5a0/how_do_you_deal_with_the_raw_feelings_and_energy/

I made it 5 months not drinking relapsed this past week and am back fighting. A big problem I have is that I'm hyper-sensitive. Alcohol was how I numbed my emotions. Now I have to FEELS everything and it sucks. I'm in tears practically everyday from sad and happy stuff. I overthink everything and my damn energy has me acting like a freak and at times literally FREAKING people the hell out. Just wish I could control the madness inside. This not drinking stuff is the hardest thing I've ever done. I spent years running from my emotions and at a certain point in time I don't think I cried for well over a year and now look at me... I'm a big ball of emotions...*edit... spelling 
----------immediate responses--------

Why not put some of that energy into a physical activity? Running/hiking?..And don't be afraid to reach out to mental health professional-- talking and or medicine may help you get through this...Overall you're not at all alone in finding early sobriety a little overwhelming. Be gentle on yourself reach out for support and take it one day at a time.
A good psychiatrist and therapist have helped me a ton. Meditation helps. Exercise helps. Sometimes it helps just to know that feelings will pass and things will change.
I had a hugh meltdown today. It's embarrassing. I'm sure I have been hard to be with. And yes I probably freaked people out too. We can't be perfect. But we can be sober.
Everything will be okay. I had a hard time too and yes the feels drove me crazy. What I tell myself is that everything will be alright as long as I don't drink. Keep coming back it gets easier. I have had various lengths of sobriety up to 18 months before this current count. Just wanted to say hello and wish you well. Peace and good vibes!
Me too! Feeling so much all the time is exausting.  I think I have a lot of healing to do so my advise to you is to accept it and ride it oit
