-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52m0e8/ccs_before_and_after_pics/

When I wrote my [Saturday Share](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u6cc/saturday_share_im_coolcrosby_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/) a couple of years ago I could not at that time find a "before" pic that fairly represented me at my bloated-relapse-worst.  Then the other day I came across this [ID headshot](http://imgur.com/Ha9Td64) which pretty accurately depicts me during my 7 years of relapse HELL.  This [after pic was taken by my receptionist a few minutes ago.](http://imgur.com/bkSmEmX)  I look at the first photo and try to imagine who I had become and how I survived my bottom drinking.  But I did survive all sorts of degradation and humiliation even in recovery--none worse than where alcohol had taken me.  I'm so grateful to have survived to now.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow you look so much younger and healthier!!..EDIT: I forgot say you look happier too!
Oh my gosh. Congrats!!  You look amazing
So... You're Benjamin Button? Congratulations! You are an inspiration to us all. Thank you. Side note: I'm only ten days in and have noticed the dark circles under my eyes have disappeared. Little things :)
I laughed when I saw the after picture it made me so happy to see you looking so well!
Congrats!! You look great now but In that first pic you look like a very angry man!  I'm only on day 5 but you're inspiring.
Congrats!!
Too cool. Thank you for sharing. I wish I had a picture from 1/1/16 as a baseline but I had no idea I'd really still be here sober 8+ months later. My wife tells me I look ten years younger. I used to dismiss the dark circles under my eyes to my gene pool and I still have them but now they lightly accentuate my face rather than deeply define it. So grateful.
AWESOME!!!! Thanks for sharing CC!!!!!!!!!!!
Pretty damn cool!!! TY!
SHit!! What a difference!!!!!!!! You are amazing!!
looking TERRIFIC!!! 
Awesome!  Amazing!
Gosh these before and after pictures are so helpful. Love seeing them.
This makes me very happy :)
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That's crazy. Well done! 
You look Great CC!  I hope to meet you in person some time!
Wow! That's great!..I went to look at your Saturday Share but it said "removed". :(
Whoa! That's pretty amazing! Thanks for sharing :)
So this is CC!! After all this time on SD I've always wondered what the great voice behind the curtain looked like lol...and here you are looking absolutely fabulous! I see health happiness and peace in your sobriety. Thank you kindly for sharing this :).
Very powerful as usual.  Thanks for being you and contributing so much here..And congratulations!!!
Awesome! What a difference. I love these before and after pics. There always seems to be such a big difference not only physically but there's something else that's difficult put your finger on- except to say that the after picture like yours here ALWAYS looks happier. Congrats!
Your head is so shiny. I love it.
Looking great!!
WOW!
You look amazing!  &amp; look really happy! Well done you! Lovely smile aswell  
Crazy! You look exactly how I imagined you would in both pics!
You sir look fantastic!!!
Dude you look fucking great
Wow! You are lookin so good in that after.  U can tell uve put in a lot of hard work.
Incredible!!! 
You look wonderful and healthy! So happy you're doing so well!
Please don't take this the wrong way but you now look like an amalgam of [Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman](http://media.comicbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Mythbusters-7.jpg). This isn't a bad thing just kinda remarkable. ..About the drinking part: WAY TO GO! You look great!
Holy moly that's ca-razy! Not only do you look so much healthier but the happiness is just radiating from you in the after pic. Well done you've inspired me today.
Wow! Wonderful! &amp; motivating &amp; inspiring. Well done &amp; thank you! :)
Bravo! Keep doing what you're doing. 
these are great! You look so happy - fantastic!
Way to go! Such a nice happy smile in the after. 
Inspired.  Way to be!!
I've been here long enough to start believing everyone morphs into a good looking lady. But your looking quite sauve'. Crime stoppers may have to reverse their aging technology photos.
Thanks for sharing CC! Each day better than the last =)
That first guy doesn't look very happy his eyes. Good that he got to a better place. 
You look wonderful!  
You look great! Thank you for being such a great presence on this sub :)
[deleted]
You look great and so happy!
Thanks so much for sharing brother! You're an inspiration!
Holy moly man! You look so happy and healthy not to mention heaps younger. CONGRATS!
Fantastic! That's what it's all about
Wow - there is a sparkle in your eyes not present when you were drinking. Congratulations! :).
Pure awesomeness!.What a HUGE difference!.You've helped me stay on track tonight. .Thank you coolcrosby!!
CC you legend :-)
Oh wow! What a difference! Now you look a thousand times happier and healthier! The old you isn't even recognisable - I bet you're glad to leave that person behind! Thank you so much for sharing. 
CC unbelievable! What a mensch! 
be truthful with us coolcrosby....are you a principal? you look principally.   ..for real though god your eyes! you look so happy so alive so *there*.
this is so excellent and thanks for sharing! :)
I'm having a rough day not drinking today and this post cheered me up for some reason. Makes me feel like there is hope. You look great keep it up! 
wow!!!! Handsome and happy looking!
Gosh you even *look* like a really nice guy. I'd consider telling you my PIN if you asked...I'm not just so we're clear. :)
Thank you for continuing to be an inspiration for me and everyone else here!
Wowzers cool Crosby this is fantastic!!
What a huge difference! You look so happy and healthy now. Thanks being such a constant inspiration :)
Nice work CC! Thanks for sharing
You look incredible dude. Life suits you! 
You look great. See your posts all over SD and you're awesome. You have personally helped me over the past year trying to get sober... multiple usernames :)..On another note... this is one of those occasions where you put a face to the username and how you look matches up perfectly with my mental image of you. 
Awesome. Thanks CC! 
Thanks for being so bright and shiny . 11th day  I needed that. I know Ive been swollen for years....
Cool.
You're the yoda of stopdrinking. Freal. 
Wow! Amazing and so inspiring. I started crying when I saw your joyful after photo. 
Looking good! Thanks for this.
Oh my God like different people! 
You look amazing and so much happier! You are such an inspiration to so many of us. 
You look ten years younger in your recent picture!  Awesome!
What a handsome booger you are CC!  Sobriety sure looks good on you.
Dang Crosby that's fine progress
Fantastic you look so full of beans!
What a journey. You make it real CC. So happy for you and grateful for all you continue to do here at SD. I still remember you responding to my first post which I made quite a while back under a different username. Your baby steps advice your story these are part of what kept me coming back. And I'm still here working it &amp; getting better. Thanks.  
Wow! Incredible 
Wow! 
Wow! You've been a source of inspiration for me since I've started lurking. So nice to put such a happy  kind face to the name. Congrats and thank you for all you do!
thanks for sharing!
That is amazing!
Wow have always appreciated your comments and wisdom and as a fellow Clevelander I have always wondered what you looked like. Hope to see you at a meeting or around town....thanks for being here.   Paul M
Wow 
Wow 
Amazing brother...you giving us hope keep fighting the good fight 
Massive difference. You look so unhappy in the before pic. It's amazing what we've put ourselves through. 
Wow - from  unhappy and depressed to very happy and sparkly eyes too. Those two photos say so much.  Now you need to buy much smaller shirts!
Hey! You became quite handsome GG and enjoy life :)
Such a difference. Thanks for sharing.
You're looking great CC!
Wow good job for getting healthier and younger! :)
So much healthier and happier! I'm only about a week sober. Drinking made me about 60 lbs overweight. I can't wait to get less bloated.
One picture.... make that two pictures... are worth a thousand words! 
Amazing photos and I've often wondered what you might look like - the man behind the words of wisdom that help many people here including me! Thanks for posting Mr. CC!
i really enjoy seeing these types of posts specifically when people reveal their identity via photograph. that takes courage on an anonymous forum - ..but it reminds me that there are so many different types of people here on SD. it can be difficult to think of these avatars as real individuals...personally I do not attend AA meetings  i've yet to go to one but this type of post makes me think I should attend. because it reveals something comforting that others are going through the same crap as I am. I know that sounds a little foolish - of course others are. but putting a face to a name on an internet forum hits home. thank you for sharing coolcrosby
Thanks for the pics. I came across a picture of me squeezed into a dress shirt and tie at a school event for my son - what an eye opener. Thank you for all you do and your inspiration. Thank you for telling me  early on to "jump in the life boat". I did and I am forever grateful.  
Wow.  This is so encouraging. ESPECIALLY given that I am coming off of my worst relapse ever the only thing that is matching my shame and humiliation is my desire to NEVER do it again. I took some before shots of my ugly fat ass this morning and CAN'T WAIT to have after shots like yours. Thank you for this inspiring post it really helps. Thank you. 
amazing!!!  you look great!!!  thank you for your continued written and photographic inspiration!!
You are the MAN CC!
Thank you all for the kind comments.  I certainly didn't expect all the love--it is YOUR sharing that inspires me.
New life in and out! Congrats with the happiness!..Edit: *in and out* meaning once I stopped drinking it wasn't only how I felt different on the inside but people also saw a new me. So the change was clearly to me on the inside and to everyone else the outside...
Thx I needed your post.
Looking good!!
My eyes just popped out my head! Someone help me put them back in!
You're amazing!
Hey CC  thinking about you and wondering where you went then found this post.  Don't know how I missed it except to say I've been busy with my new GSD puppy.   I want to thank you for helping me over the past 11 months you are fabulous in your generosity to the SD community.  I'll make one year in another 33 days and I hope to see you here to help celebrate!   Coffee's on me!
